
                              1 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            October 16, 2016 Sunday

Washington: Flood Recovery Update from FEMA

LENGTH: 525  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: Office of the MP Garret Graves has issued the following news
release:





 Housing Options in Louisiana



     TSA: For those who are eligible for FEMA assistance, FEMA transitional
sheltering assistance provides lodging to displaced survivors who need a roof
over their heads immediately. FEMA pays the hotel/motels directly; funds are not
disbursed  to survivors for this. This gives survivors one less detail to track.
FEMA will contact applicants who are eligible for an extension to notify them of
their new checkout date.









     Shelter at Home: The state-run program "Shelter at Home" contracts basic
repairs to homes that can be made livable with up to $15,000 worth of work. The
state has had more than 20,000 applications. The deadline to register for this
program is  Oct. 15, 2016.



               **This program is a partially FEMA-funded program, but survivors
must register with the state. For information on this program, call
800-927-0216, email ShelterAtHome@la.gov or go to: shelterathome.la.gov/



               **Participation in the  "Shelter at Home" program will not affect
any FEMA assistance.







      IHP: In addition, FEMA's Individuals and Households Program provides
financial assistance in the form of grants to Louisiana survivors with uninsured
or under-insured flood-related losses.







      FEMA Rental Assistance: Survivors may use rental assistance to obtain
temporary housing such as a house, apartment, hotel, motel, manufactured home,
recreational vehicle, or other readily-fabricated dwelling available for rent.



             Rental assistance totals have topped $120 million. Rental
assistance for temporary housing are for those whose homes are unlivable.
Initial assistance may be provided for up to two months.







     MHU/Last Resort: The option of last resort, is the use of manufactured
housing units, or MHUs. It takes time.



        Factors that need to be addressed in order to be eligible:



     FEMA interview with the survivor;

     Identifying feasible sites that can accommodate the housing units;

      Securing appropriate permits from the local jurisdiction;

     Clearing debris from identified feasible sites;

      Inspecting sites to ensure safety;

      Installing the units on site and having them inspected by the parish; and

     Working with the survivor to receive a legal license agreement to live in
the unit.



     For landlords:



        Through the Multi-family Lease and Repair Program (MLRP), FEMA may
contract with a property owner to provide funds for repair, or contract directly
to implement repairs, to multi-family housing to make temporary housing
available for                individuals and households eligible for FEMA
assistance. The MLRP may provide funds to make rental units livable again in
order to lease them to provide temporary housing to eligible disaster survivors.




      Repairs or improvements don't need to be storm-or-flood-related.

     Property owners may choose their own contractors after agreeing on repair
costs with FEMA.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:  editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 17, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              2 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            October 16, 2016 Sunday

Washington: Flood Recovery Update from FEMA

LENGTH: 525  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: Office of the MP Garret Graves has issued the following news
release:





 Housing Options in Louisiana



     TSA: For those who are eligible for FEMA assistance, FEMA transitional
sheltering assistance provides lodging to displaced survivors who need a roof
over their heads immediately. FEMA pays the hotel/motels directly; funds are not
disbursed  to survivors for this. This gives survivors one less detail to track.
FEMA will contact applicants who are eligible for an extension to notify them of
their new checkout date.









     Shelter at Home: The state-run program "Shelter at Home" contracts basic
repairs to homes that can be made livable with up to $15,000 worth of work. The
state has had more than 20,000 applications. The deadline to register for this
program is  Oct. 15, 2016.



               **This program is a partially FEMA-funded program, but survivors
must register with the state. For information on this program, call
800-927-0216, email ShelterAtHome@la.gov or go to: shelterathome.la.gov/



               **Participation in the  "Shelter at Home" program will not affect
any FEMA assistance.







      IHP: In addition, FEMA's Individuals and Households Program provides
financial assistance in the form of grants to Louisiana survivors with uninsured
or under-insured flood-related losses.







      FEMA Rental Assistance: Survivors may use rental assistance to obtain
temporary housing such as a house, apartment, hotel, motel, manufactured home,
recreational vehicle, or other readily-fabricated dwelling available for rent.



             Rental assistance totals have topped $120 million. Rental
assistance for temporary housing are for those whose homes are unlivable.
Initial assistance may be provided for up to two months.







     MHU/Last Resort: The option of last resort, is the use of manufactured
housing units, or MHUs. It takes time.



        Factors that need to be addressed in order to be eligible:



     FEMA interview with the survivor;

     Identifying feasible sites that can accommodate the housing units;

      Securing appropriate permits from the local jurisdiction;

     Clearing debris from identified feasible sites;

      Inspecting sites to ensure safety;

      Installing the units on site and having them inspected by the parish; and

     Working with the survivor to receive a legal license agreement to live in
the unit.



     For landlords:



        Through the Multi-family Lease and Repair Program (MLRP), FEMA may
contract with a property owner to provide funds for repair, or contract directly
to implement repairs, to multi-family housing to make temporary housing
available for                individuals and households eligible for FEMA
assistance. The MLRP may provide funds to make rental units livable again in
order to lease them to provide temporary housing to eligible disaster survivors.




      Repairs or improvements don't need to be storm-or-flood-related.

     Property owners may choose their own contractors after agreeing on repair
costs with FEMA.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:  editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 16, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              3 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                      March 1, 1981, Sunday, Final Edition

SECTION: Metro; Legal Notices; B8

LENGTH: 267 words


NOTICE TO OWNERS OF MULTI-FAMILY RENTAL PROPERTY IN ARLINGTON COUNTY, VIRGINIA
Arlington County has recieved contract authority from the U.S. Department of
Housing and Urban Development to administer the Section 8 Moderate
Rehabilitation Program.  Eighty-Four (84) Section 8 units are currently
available.
Owners of rental property located within Arlington County, Virginia are invited
to apply for assistance in the rehabilitation of properties and to receive
rental assistance for Section 8 eligible tenants, under this program.
Properties are selected for participation on the basis of substandard housing
conditions and/or a major building system in danger of failure.  Only a portion
of the tenants must be eligable to receive Section 8 assistance.  Emphasis is
placed on multi-family units; however, single family units will be considered.
Preference may be given to proposals for limited-equity cooperative project for
familes of up to 45 units.
Arlington County provides technical assistance to owners of properties which are
selected for the program, as well as financial alternatives to assist in the
rehabilitation of units.  After the rehabilitation, owners sign a contract with
Arlington County establishing a rent for the units that covers rehabilitaion
money operating expenses and a profit on the owners' investment.
Interested owners should request information and an owner's application from
Wayne Rhodes or Veda Watts, Housing Section, Arlington County Government, North
14th Street, Second Floor, Arlington, Virginia 22201, 558-2946.
EQUAL HOUSING OPPORTUNITY

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 1981 The Washington Post


                              4 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          September 17, 2016 Saturday

Head Line: US Federal Contract Notice: Department of Homeland Security (District
of Columbia) Issues Solicitation for "REQUEST FOR INFORMATION - Multi-Family
Lease and Repair Program (MFLRP)"

LENGTH: 572  words

DATELINE: New York


WASHINGTON: Department of Homeland Security, Federal Emergency Management Agency
officer has issued requirement for "REQUEST FOR INFORMATION - Multi-Family Lease
and Repair Program (MFLRP)"



Solicitation No: HSFE06-16-I-0002

Notice Type: Sources Sought
Posted Date: September 16, 2016

Description: This is a Request for Information (RFI). To support this mission,
Federal Emergency Management Agency (FEMA) is soliciting property owners to
participate in the Multi-Family Lease and Repair Program (MFLRP) where multiple
firm-fixed priced contracts will be awarded to provide housing assistance to
families effected by flooding in the vicinity of Baton Rouge, LA. Under the
MFLRP program, FEMA is seeking potential owners of rental properties (apartment
complexes primarily) that with FEMA financial assistance, could be quickly
repaired to local, state and federal codes/standards and offered as temporary
housing for FEMA applicants. The properties should be large scale complexes that
are able to accommodate a considerable number of people in a single location.
Each site must have been previously used as a multi-family housing unit and
contain five or more rental units. The site must be repairable within a two
month period and cannot be located in a Special Flood Hazard Area (SFHA). Within
this program, there is no rental cost for the eligible applicant. The repair
costs are funded by FEMA and the value of these repairs are deducted from the
value of the lease agreement between FEMA and the property owner. If you are a
property owner and is interested in this program, please provide the following
information:
a. Complex name, location, property owner name, and phone number;
b. Number of units vacant;
c. Number of units compliant with the American Disabilities Act;
d. Number of units that contain a separate bathroom, kitchen, and living space;
e. Description of repairs and improvements required to make the units habitable;

f. Projected length of time required to make units habitable (from execution of
lease agreement);
g. History of the building's use;
i. Dates the building was used for multifamily housing;
ii. Rental rates during the last year of operation (state whether utilities were
included);
h. Any applicable pet restrictions, such as what pets are allowed in the units
and any restrictions on number of pets or size of pets, and any applicable pet
deposits; AND
i. Number of parking spaces available for each unit.

THIS REQUEST FOR INFORMATION (RFI) IS NOT A REQUEST FOR QUOTES
Responses to this notification will be used to determine which properties meet
the MFLRP program criteria and provide the timeliest most cost effective means
of providing direct assistance to eligible disaster survivors. The Government
wants to obtain market information or capabilities for planning purposes.
Responses to this notice are not offers and cannot be accepted by the Government
to form a binding contract. All responses must be in writing and received no
later than 12:00 Noon CST, September 20, 2016. Verification of receipt of
electronic transmission is the sole responsibility of the contractor/interested
party. The Government will not pay for information submitted.

Set Aside: N/A

The NAICS code number for this requirement: 531

Contact Details: 500 C Street, SW, Third Floor Washington, District of Columbia
20472 United States

Point of Contact(s): John Clemons, Contracting Officer john.clemons@fema.dhs.gov
Phone: 202-320-2460


LOAD-DATE: September 17, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              5 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          September 17, 2016 Saturday

Head Line: US Federal Contract Notice: Department of Homeland Security (District
of Columbia) Issues Solicitation for "REQUEST FOR INFORMATION - Multi-Family
Lease and Repair Program (MFLRP)"

LENGTH: 572  words

DATELINE: New York


WASHINGTON: Department of Homeland Security, Federal Emergency Management Agency
officer has issued requirement for "REQUEST FOR INFORMATION - Multi-Family Lease
and Repair Program (MFLRP)"



Solicitation No: HSFE06-16-I-0002

Notice Type: Sources Sought
Posted Date: September 16, 2016

Description: This is a Request for Information (RFI). To support this mission,
Federal Emergency Management Agency (FEMA) is soliciting property owners to
participate in the Multi-Family Lease and Repair Program (MFLRP) where multiple
firm-fixed priced contracts will be awarded to provide housing assistance to
families effected by flooding in the vicinity of Baton Rouge, LA. Under the
MFLRP program, FEMA is seeking potential owners of rental properties (apartment
complexes primarily) that with FEMA financial assistance, could be quickly
repaired to local, state and federal codes/standards and offered as temporary
housing for FEMA applicants. The properties should be large scale complexes that
are able to accommodate a considerable number of people in a single location.
Each site must have been previously used as a multi-family housing unit and
contain five or more rental units. The site must be repairable within a two
month period and cannot be located in a Special Flood Hazard Area (SFHA). Within
this program, there is no rental cost for the eligible applicant. The repair
costs are funded by FEMA and the value of these repairs are deducted from the
value of the lease agreement between FEMA and the property owner. If you are a
property owner and is interested in this program, please provide the following
information:
a. Complex name, location, property owner name, and phone number;
b. Number of units vacant;
c. Number of units compliant with the American Disabilities Act;
d. Number of units that contain a separate bathroom, kitchen, and living space;
e. Description of repairs and improvements required to make the units habitable;

f. Projected length of time required to make units habitable (from execution of
lease agreement);
g. History of the building's use;
i. Dates the building was used for multifamily housing;
ii. Rental rates during the last year of operation (state whether utilities were
included);
h. Any applicable pet restrictions, such as what pets are allowed in the units
and any restrictions on number of pets or size of pets, and any applicable pet
deposits; AND
i. Number of parking spaces available for each unit.

THIS REQUEST FOR INFORMATION (RFI) IS NOT A REQUEST FOR QUOTES
Responses to this notification will be used to determine which properties meet
the MFLRP program criteria and provide the timeliest most cost effective means
of providing direct assistance to eligible disaster survivors. The Government
wants to obtain market information or capabilities for planning purposes.
Responses to this notice are not offers and cannot be accepted by the Government
to form a binding contract. All responses must be in writing and received no
later than 12:00 Noon CST, September 20, 2016. Verification of receipt of
electronic transmission is the sole responsibility of the contractor/interested
party. The Government will not pay for information submitted.

Set Aside: N/A

The NAICS code number for this requirement: 531

Contact Details: 500 C Street, SW, Third Floor Washington, District of Columbia
20472 United States

Point of Contact(s): John Clemons, Contracting Officer john.clemons@fema.dhs.gov
Phone: 202-320-2460


LOAD-DATE: September 17, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              6 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           December 17, 2016 Saturday

Washington: USDA Invests $74 Million for Affordable Rural Rental Housing in 2016
as 20-Year Program Eclipses $1 Billion Mark

LENGTH: 538  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: United States Department of Agriculture has issued the following
news release:



 U.S. Department of Agriculture's (USDA) Rural Housing Service Administrator
Tony Hernandez today visited North Carolina to tour a USDA-funded rental complex
and highlight two decades of USDA investments and partnerships to build and
renovate affordable rural rental housing for families across the country.





 USDA's investments in rural housing developments have provided more than 41,000
affordable rental units nationwide during the past 20 years. Just this year,
USDA surpassed the $1 billion milestone for investments through the Multi-Family
Housing Loan Guarantee Program to create and preserve affordable rural rental
housing. In Fiscal Year 2016 alone, USDA invested $74 million to build and
preserve 2,765 affordable rural rental apartments nationwide.



 "USDA's multi-family housing program has provided loans and other assistance
for affordable rural rental housing for two decades," Hernandez said. "Providing
decent, safe and affordable homes like those I visited today promotes rural
economic development and strengthens communities."



 USDA helped finance Holly Woods at Sunset Lake apartments, a 64-unit complex in
Holly Springs, through the Multi-Family Housing Loan Guarantee Program. The
apartments provide much-needed affordable housing in Wake County, where nearly
30 percent of residents are renters who earn less than $35,000 annually. The
complex is near three major research universities and is part of a community
where there is a high demand for affordable housing.



 USDA-funded rental properties often are the only affordable option for
hardworking families and retired individuals living in rural areas. USDA
provides loan guarantees to state and local governments, nonprofit
organizations, for-profit organizations and federally-recognized tribes.
Tenants' rent is generally 30 percent of an area's median income.



 One of the developments USDA has funded is Dumosa Senior Village, a 75-unit
apartment complex in Yucca Valley, Calif. The complex, which opened in July
2015, is within walking distance to shopping, a post office, bank, senior center
and other community services. USDA Rural Development's Multi-Family Housing Loan
Guarantee Program was critical to the project's success, allowing it to leverage
a $1.5 million loan guarantee with funding from various other local, state and
federal sources.



 Since 2009, USDA Rural Development (@USDARDThis is an external link or
third-party site outside of the United States Department of Agriculture (USDA)
website.) has helped more than 1.2 million rural residents buy homes; funded
nearly 9,200 community facilities such as schools, public safety and health care
facilities; and invested more than $14 billion to start or expand nearly 122,000
rural businesses. USDA also invested $38.6 billion in 1,057 electric projects
that have financed more than 198,000 miles of transmission and distribution
lines serving 4.6 million rural residents; and helped bring high-speed Internet
access to nearly 6 million rural residents and businesses.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:

 editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: December 18, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              7 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           December 17, 2016 Saturday

Washington: USDA Invests $74 Million for Affordable Rural Rental Housing in 2016
as 20-Year Program Eclipses $1 Billion Mark

LENGTH: 538  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: United States Department of Agriculture has issued the following
news release:



 U.S. Department of Agriculture's (USDA) Rural Housing Service Administrator
Tony Hernandez today visited North Carolina to tour a USDA-funded rental complex
and highlight two decades of USDA investments and partnerships to build and
renovate affordable rural rental housing for families across the country.





 USDA's investments in rural housing developments have provided more than 41,000
affordable rental units nationwide during the past 20 years. Just this year,
USDA surpassed the $1 billion milestone for investments through the Multi-Family
Housing Loan Guarantee Program to create and preserve affordable rural rental
housing. In Fiscal Year 2016 alone, USDA invested $74 million to build and
preserve 2,765 affordable rural rental apartments nationwide.



 "USDA's multi-family housing program has provided loans and other assistance
for affordable rural rental housing for two decades," Hernandez said. "Providing
decent, safe and affordable homes like those I visited today promotes rural
economic development and strengthens communities."



 USDA helped finance Holly Woods at Sunset Lake apartments, a 64-unit complex in
Holly Springs, through the Multi-Family Housing Loan Guarantee Program. The
apartments provide much-needed affordable housing in Wake County, where nearly
30 percent of residents are renters who earn less than $35,000 annually. The
complex is near three major research universities and is part of a community
where there is a high demand for affordable housing.



 USDA-funded rental properties often are the only affordable option for
hardworking families and retired individuals living in rural areas. USDA
provides loan guarantees to state and local governments, nonprofit
organizations, for-profit organizations and federally-recognized tribes.
Tenants' rent is generally 30 percent of an area's median income.



 One of the developments USDA has funded is Dumosa Senior Village, a 75-unit
apartment complex in Yucca Valley, Calif. The complex, which opened in July
2015, is within walking distance to shopping, a post office, bank, senior center
and other community services. USDA Rural Development's Multi-Family Housing Loan
Guarantee Program was critical to the project's success, allowing it to leverage
a $1.5 million loan guarantee with funding from various other local, state and
federal sources.



 Since 2009, USDA Rural Development (@USDARDThis is an external link or
third-party site outside of the United States Department of Agriculture (USDA)
website.) has helped more than 1.2 million rural residents buy homes; funded
nearly 9,200 community facilities such as schools, public safety and health care
facilities; and invested more than $14 billion to start or expand nearly 122,000
rural businesses. USDA also invested $38.6 billion in 1,057 electric projects
that have financed more than 198,000 miles of transmission and distribution
lines serving 4.6 million rural residents; and helped bring high-speed Internet
access to nearly 6 million rural residents and businesses.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:

 editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: December 17, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              8 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           December 15, 2016 Thursday

Washington: USDA Invests $74 Million for Affordable Rural Rental Housing in 2016
as 20-Year Program Eclipses $1 Billion Mark

LENGTH: 547  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: United States Department of Agriculture has issued the following
news release:



 U.S. Department of Agriculture's (USDA) Rural Housing Service Administrator
Tony Hernandez today visited North Carolina to tour a USDA-funded rental complex
and highlight two decades of USDA investments and partnerships to build and
renovate affordable rural rental housing for families across the country.





 USDA's investments in rural housing developments have provided more than 41,000
affordable rental units nationwide during the past 20 years. Just this year,
USDA surpassed the $1 billion milestone for investments through the Multi-Family
Housing Loan Guarantee Program to create and preserve affordable rural rental
housing. In Fiscal Year 2016 alone, USDA invested $74 million to build and
preserve 2,765 affordable rural rental apartments nationwide.



 "USDA's multi-family housing program has provided loans and other assistance
for affordable rural rental housing for two decades," Hernandez said. "Providing
decent, safe and affordable homes like those I visited today promotes rural
economic development and strengthens communities."



 USDA helped finance Holly Woods at Sunset Lake apartments, a 64-unit complex in
Holly Springs, through the Multi-Family Housing Loan Guarantee Program. The
apartments provide much-needed affordable housing in Wake County, where nearly
30 percent of residents are renters who earn less than $35,000 annually. The
complex is near three major research universities and is part of a community
where there is a high demand for affordable housing.



 USDA-funded rental properties often are the only affordable option for
hardworking families and retired individuals living in rural areas. USDA
provides loan guarantees to state and local governments, nonprofit
organizations, for-profit organizations and federally-recognized tribes.
Tenants' rent is generally 30 percent of an area's median income.



 One of the developments USDA has funded is Dumosa Senior Village, a 75-unit
apartment complex in Yucca Valley, Calif. The complex, which opened in July
2015, is within walking distance to shopping, a post office, bank, senior center
and other community services. USDA Rural Development's Multi-Family Housing Loan
Guarantee Program was critical to the project's success, allowing it to leverage
a $1.5 million loan guarantee with funding from various other local, state and
federal sources.



 Since 2009, USDA Rural Development (@USDARDThis is an external link or
third-party site outside of the United States Department of Agriculture (USDA)
website.) has helped more than 1.2 million rural residents buy homes; funded
nearly 9,200 community facilities such as schools, public safety and health care
facilities; and invested more than $14 billion to start or expand nearly 122,000
rural businesses. USDA also invested $38.6 billion in 1,057 electric projects
that have financed more than 198,000 miles of transmission and distribution
lines serving 4.6 million rural residents; and helped bring high-speed Internet
access to nearly 6 million rural residents and businesses. For more information,
visit www.usda.gov/results.





 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:

 editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: December 16, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              9 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           December 15, 2016 Thursday

Washington: USDA Invests $74 Million for Affordable Rural Rental Housing in 2016
as 20-Year Program Eclipses $1 Billion Mark

LENGTH: 547  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: United States Department of Agriculture has issued the following
news release:



 U.S. Department of Agriculture's (USDA) Rural Housing Service Administrator
Tony Hernandez today visited North Carolina to tour a USDA-funded rental complex
and highlight two decades of USDA investments and partnerships to build and
renovate affordable rural rental housing for families across the country.





 USDA's investments in rural housing developments have provided more than 41,000
affordable rental units nationwide during the past 20 years. Just this year,
USDA surpassed the $1 billion milestone for investments through the Multi-Family
Housing Loan Guarantee Program to create and preserve affordable rural rental
housing. In Fiscal Year 2016 alone, USDA invested $74 million to build and
preserve 2,765 affordable rural rental apartments nationwide.



 "USDA's multi-family housing program has provided loans and other assistance
for affordable rural rental housing for two decades," Hernandez said. "Providing
decent, safe and affordable homes like those I visited today promotes rural
economic development and strengthens communities."



 USDA helped finance Holly Woods at Sunset Lake apartments, a 64-unit complex in
Holly Springs, through the Multi-Family Housing Loan Guarantee Program. The
apartments provide much-needed affordable housing in Wake County, where nearly
30 percent of residents are renters who earn less than $35,000 annually. The
complex is near three major research universities and is part of a community
where there is a high demand for affordable housing.



 USDA-funded rental properties often are the only affordable option for
hardworking families and retired individuals living in rural areas. USDA
provides loan guarantees to state and local governments, nonprofit
organizations, for-profit organizations and federally-recognized tribes.
Tenants' rent is generally 30 percent of an area's median income.



 One of the developments USDA has funded is Dumosa Senior Village, a 75-unit
apartment complex in Yucca Valley, Calif. The complex, which opened in July
2015, is within walking distance to shopping, a post office, bank, senior center
and other community services. USDA Rural Development's Multi-Family Housing Loan
Guarantee Program was critical to the project's success, allowing it to leverage
a $1.5 million loan guarantee with funding from various other local, state and
federal sources.



 Since 2009, USDA Rural Development (@USDARDThis is an external link or
third-party site outside of the United States Department of Agriculture (USDA)
website.) has helped more than 1.2 million rural residents buy homes; funded
nearly 9,200 community facilities such as schools, public safety and health care
facilities; and invested more than $14 billion to start or expand nearly 122,000
rural businesses. USDA also invested $38.6 billion in 1,057 electric projects
that have financed more than 198,000 miles of transmission and distribution
lines serving 4.6 million rural residents; and helped bring high-speed Internet
access to nearly 6 million rural residents and businesses. For more information,
visit www.usda.gov/results.





 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:

 editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: December 15, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              10 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                 The Daily Record of Rochester (Rochester, NY)

                           February 4, 2010 Thursday

New York State's housing finance agencies ranked first

BYLINE: Daily Record Staff

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 268  words


New York State's housing finance agencies, for the third year in a row, led the
country in financing multi- and single-family affordable housing in 2009,
according to an announcement Tuesday.

According to rankings compiled by Thomson Reuters, the state's Housing Finance
Agency and the State of New York Mortgage Agency (SONYMA) sold $1.22 billion in
bonds in 2009 to finance the construction or renovation of affordable
multi-family rental apartments and to purchase single-family mortgages for
first-time homeowners.

The bonds are revenue bonds of the agencies because the debt service is paid
with the mortgage payments of multi-family project owners and individual
homeowners.

HFA financed the creation and preservation of 3,317 affordable rental housing
units, including 1,586 units in Mitchell Lama projects Downstate, where
renovations were financed through HFA's Mitchell Lama Rehabilitation &
Preservation program.

With the help of other state agencies, including the Office of Mental Health,
the Office of Temporary & Disability Assistance and the Office of Alcoholism and
Substance Abuse Services, HFA-financed projects included 445 units of supportive
housing - the largest number of supportive housing units in one year in HFA's
49-year history.

Working with the state's Division of Housing and Community Renewal, HFA also
leveraged $65 million in federal Tax Credit Assistance Program funds included in
the Federal stimulus package to help finance 10 affordable housing projects -
eight of which are Upstate and which otherwise would not have been financed.

For more information visit www.nyhomes.org.

LOAD-DATE: February 12, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: General news

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2010 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved


                              11 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                 The Daily Record of Rochester (Rochester, NY)

                           February 3, 2010 Wednesday

New York State's housing finance agencies ranked first

BYLINE: Daily Record Staff Report

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 268  words


New York State's housing finance agencies, for the third year in a row, led the
country in financing multi- and single-family affordable housing in 2009,
according to an announcement Tuesday.

According to rankings compiled by Thomson Reuters, the state's Housing Finance
Agency and the State of New York Mortgage Agency (SONYMA) sold $1.22 billion in
bonds in 2009 to finance the construction or renovation of affordable
multi-family rental apartments and to purchase single-family mortgages for
first-time homeowners.

The bonds are revenue bonds of the agencies because the debt service is paid
with the mortgage payments of multi-family project owners and individual
homeowners.

HFA financed the creation and preservation of 3,317 affordable rental housing
units, including 1,586 units in Mitchell Lama projects Downstate, where
renovations were financed through HFA's Mitchell Lama Rehabilitation &
Preservation program.

With the help of other state agencies, including the Office of Mental Health,
the Office of Temporary & Disability Assistance and the Office of Alcoholism and
Substance Abuse Services, HFA-financed projects included 445 units of supportive
housing - the largest number of supportive housing units in one year in HFA's
49-year history.

Working with the state's Division of Housing and Community Renewal, HFA also
leveraged $65 million in federal Tax Credit Assistance Program funds included in
the Federal stimulus package to help finance 10 affordable housing projects -
eight of which are Upstate and which otherwise would not have been financed.

For more information visit www.nyhomes.org.

LOAD-DATE: February 11, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Financing

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2010 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved


                              12 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                    December 21, 1980, Sunday, Final Edition

SECTION: Metro; Metro News; Legal Notices; B16

LENGTH: 332 words


VIRGINIA HOUSING
DEVELOPMENT AUTHORITY
INVITATION FOR
HOUSING PROPOSALS
SECTION 8 HOUSING
ASSISTANCE PAYMENTS
PROGRAM
NEW CONSTRUCTION
SUSTANTIAL
REHABILITATION
(Washington Area HUD Office)

The Virginia Housing Development Authority (VHDA) has conditionally received a
set-aside of $1,479,000 in Contract Authority (rent subsidy funds) from the
Washington, D.C. Area Office of Housing and Urban Development (HUD).  This
Contract Authority is to be utilized in newly constructed or substantially
rehabilitated multi-family rental developments for which VHDA will provide both
construction and permanent mortgage financing. Among proposals for family
housing, VHDA will give a high priority to partially assisted (only 25% of units
having rental assistance) developments.

Housing proposals utilizing his Contract Authority will be accepted at the
Authority's office until the close of business on February 16, 1981, and will be
evaluated on a competitive basis.  Housing sponsors are encouraged to submit
housing proposals throughout the year so that VHDA can develop a list of
proposals that could utilize future funding.  Proposals for future funding can
be from any Virginia jurisdiction served by the Washington Area Office of HUD
and should be in conformance with the applicable local Housing Assistance Plan.

Proposal applications can be obtained from H. Larkin Goshorn, Jr., Director of
Multi-Family Development VHDA, 13 South 13th Street, Richmond, Virginia, 23219.
(804-782-1986.

Proposals responding to this invitation should conform, within reason, to the
following allocation:
Fairfax county -- 130 units for elderly occupancy; 81 units for family occupancy
which could be used in whole or in part in other Virginia jurisdictions served
by the Washington Area Officer of HUD.  Proposals should be in conformance with
applicable local Housing Assistance Plans.
All proposals submitted become the property of VHDA and cannot be returned.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 1980 The Washington Post


                              13 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                Sentinel & Enterprise (Fitchburg, Massachusetts)

                           December 19, 2013 Thursday

By Colleen Quinn

BYLINE: Sentinel & Enterprise

SECTION: NEWS; Local

LENGTH: 1058 words


State House News Service

BOSTON -- With more than 4,000 Massachusetts families living in motels or
emergency shelters, a few lawmakers suggested Wednesday it's time to look at the
state's zoning laws to encourage construction of more affordable housing.

During a legislative oversight hearing to examine a rise in homelessness, Sen.
James Eldridge, co-chair of the Housing Committee, said most people agree that
housing people in motels and hotels is not a solution for homeless families, but
said there is not enough affordable housing available to prevent the problem.

The Department of Housing and Community Development spends roughly $1.1 million
a week on shelter, a figure that ticked up when the number of homeless families
began rising over the summer despite increased spending by the Legislature and
the Patrick administration to address the problem. The number hit an all-time
high in October when 2,038 families were housed in emergency shelters. It has
hovered around the same since, according to DHCD.

"The alternative is those families would be literally living on the streets,"
Eldridge, a Democrat from Acton, said during the hearing.

If the state wants to solve the homelessness crisis, there needs to be more
federal and state funding for construction of affordable housing, Eldridge said
during the hearing.

Many suburban communities place restrictions on affordable housing that
contribute to the homelessness problem, with some prohibiting construction of
multi-family units, Undersecretary of Housing Aaron Gornstein told lawmakers on
the committee. "There is a tremendous need for more multi-family housing," he
said.

"We do need to build more housing, more affordable housing, as well as more
market rate housing," Gornstein added.

In November 2012, Gov. Deval Patrick announced a goal of creating 10,000
multi-family units each year. As of October 2013, there have been 6,268 building
permits pulled for multi-family homes, compared to 3,777 during the same time in
2012, according to DHCD.

Eldridge asked if 10,000 units were not enough to address the problem. Gornstein
described the figure as "ambitious."

Affordable housing is expensive to build, and the federal government has walked
away from building housing projects during the Reagan administration, advocates
said.

Currently 100,000 people are on a waiting list for federal Section 8 affordable
housing assistance, according to Peter Gagliardi, executive director of HAP
Housing, which provides housing assistance to people in Hampshire and Hampden
counties in western Massachusetts.

Gagliardi said the state is facing a systemic problem that is much larger than
the 4,000 people currently in shelters and motels. There are 200,000 people in
the state living at the federal poverty level and at risk of losing their homes,
he said.

Before the oversight hearing began, Republican gubernatorial candidate Charlie
Baker outlined his plan to move families living in motels into more permanent
housing within his first year in office if elected.

His short-term plan calls for sending "multi-disciplinary assessment teams" to
work with families in hotels and motels to develop a plan to stabilize their
living situations

He also called for better communication between state agencies to assist
families on the brink of homelessness, greater flexibility for regional public
and private agencies, and "sensible" changes to state laws and regulations that
he says push people into homelessness.

Gornstein said the state cannot solve the problem alone. He said one of the
major challenges has been the recent increase in the number of families needing
emergency shelter.

Nationwide, states are seeing a surge in homelessness driven by the recent
recession and foreclosure crisis, according to Gornstein. Massachusetts is not
alone in facing the problem that necessitates an aggressive approach on several
fronts, he said, including affordable housing and job training.

"We need a good strong federal partner to be able to produce even more units of
affordable housing," he said.

David Hedison, executive director of the Chelmsford Housing Authority and CHOICE
INC. - a non-profit subsidiary of the Chelmsford authority - said many
communities cannot afford land to build affordable housing. Expensive land means
municipal officials need to think more creatively about ways to build, including
regional projects or borrowing, he said.

He added communities cannot rely on private developers to build much-needed
affordable housing.

About a year ago, Hedison said he pretended to be a homeless person looking for
an affordable unit. He called building managers at a development that received
tax credits and other state assistance to build a certain number of affordable
units. The building managers told him they were not accepting any names for the
wait list - it was full.

The following week, he visited the development and introduced himself as the
executive director of the Chelmsford Housing Authority. He told them his mother
needed an affordable unit. He was told they had three available, he told
lawmakers.

Hedison said public housing officials are held accountable, and "anyone
receiving dollars to create affordable units also needs to be held accountable."

Other advocates said policymakers need to solve the underlying problems that
create homelessness, like job training and education.

Chris Norris, executive director of Metropolitan Boston Housing Partnership,
said the Patrick administration's two-year-long HomeBASE program worked by
keeping thousands of families in homes. However, there was not enough job
training available to keep low-income people afloat.

"Families were housed for two years. We did that effectively. Not many of them
saw their incomes increase," Norris said.

For example, 15 families who lost their HomeBASE rental assistance dropped out
of job training because they lost their homes and were forced to move, according
to Norris.

There were approximately 5,400 families enrolled in the state's HomeBASE rental
assistance program that started to roll off the program. The assistance is
scheduled to end for all recipients by June 30, 2014. Since July, assistance
already ended for approximately 3,000 families. DHCD is issuing 500 state rental
assistance vouchers under the Massachusetts Rental Voucher Program so some of
those families have housing, Gornstein said.

LOAD-DATE: December 19, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


      Copyright 2013 MediaNews Group, Inc. and Mid-States Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              14 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           September 15, 2014 Monday

Maryland: LOAN/INSURANCE UNDERWRITER II, MULTI-FAMILY [078523] Recruitment
#14-001733-002

LENGTH: 798  words

DATELINE: Annapolis


State of Maryland has issued the following job vacancy:

LOAN/INSURANCE UNDERWRITER II, MULTI-FAMILY [078523]

Multi Family Underwriter

Recruitment #14-001733-002
Date Opened  9/15/2014 2:20:00 PM
Filing Deadline  9/29/2014 11:59:00 PM
Salary  $45,938 - $73,541/year (Grade 17/base - step 20)
Employment Type  Full-Time
HR Analyst  Amy Kipersztok
Work Location  Anne Arundel
Go Back Click HERE to apply Click HERE to view benefits
Introduction

This is a permanent position with State of Maryland Benefits.

Work that Matters. The Maryland Department of Housing and Community Development
(DHCD) is a national leader in the financing of affordable housing and
revitalizing communities.  This is an opportunity to join this
nationally-recognized, award-winning organization and apply your skills to this
high public purpose and challenging area.  Annually, DHCD finances approximately
2,700 units of multifamily rental housing in 40 properties, amounting to $350
million in construction and permanent financing.  Funding comes from a variety
of sources, including state-appropriated funds, taxable and tax-exempt revenue
bonds, federal low income housing tax credits, federal HOME funds and other
federal funds.  Additionally, DHCD administers rental assistance programs and
innovative initiatives designed to expand affordable housing opportunities for
persons with disabilities, increase the energy efficiency and sustainability of
affordable multifamily developments, and preserve rental housing.
GRADE
17
LOCATION OF POSITION

Crownsville, Maryland

The Department of Housing and Community Development has plans to be relocated to
Prince George's County in the future.
POSITION DUTIES
The Loan Underwriter is a highly proficient Underwriter within Multifamily
Housing. The individual in this position is responsible for evaluating requests
for financing for multifamily rental housing projects, including federal low
income housing tax credit, transitional housing, shelters, rental preservation,
and single room occupancy projects. This includes processing and underwriting
applications; issuing reservation letters, commitments and other correspondence;
closing loans; determining compliance with regulations and guidelines, and
assisting in the preparation of monthly and annual reports on the status of
financing programs. The types of projects reviewed will generally consist of
over $5 million in total costs; 50 or more units; two or more sources of
financing, moderate to high risk factors; and fixed rate or deferred loans.
MINIMUM EDUCATION AND EXPERIENCE REQUIREMENTS

Education: A Bachelor's Degree in Business Administration, Management, Finance
or related field.

Experience: Two years of experience evaluating the risk involved in granting
loans or insurance for multi-family housing or commercial projects.

Notes:

1. Additional experience as described above may be substituted on a
year-for-year basis for the required education.

2. Candidates may substitute U.S. Armed Forces military service experience as a
commissioned officer in loan specialist classification or loan specialist
specialty codes in the loan specialist field of work on a year-for-year basis
for the required experience and education.
LICENSES, REGISTRATIONS AND CERTIFICATIONS
N/A
SELECTION PROCESS
Please provide sufficient information on your application to document that you
meet the minimum qualifications for this recruitment. Please provide
transcripts, certifications or diplomas to document educational or certification
qualifications. Educational credentials from foreign countries must be evaluated
by an approved education review service. This evaluation must be submitted with
your application. For further information, you may call International
Consultants of Delaware, Inc. (302) 737-8715 or World Education Services Inc.
1-800-932-3897 or (202) 331-2925. Successful candidates will be ranked as  Best
Qualified, Better Qualified, or Qualified and placed on the employment
(eligible) list for at least one year. Eligible list may be used to fill future
vacancies of the same classification.
EXAMINATION PROCESS
The examination will consist of a rating of your education, training, and
experience related to the requirements of the position.  You may be required to
complete a qualifications supplement, or the rating may be based on your
application.  Therefore, it is important that you provide complete and accurate
information on your application.  Report all experience and education that is
related to this position.
BARGAINING UNIT STATUS

The incumbent in this position is a member of a covered bargaining unit and will
be required to pay a bi-weekly service fee to the exclusive representative of
the bargaining unit.


In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: http://www.jobaps.com


LOAD-DATE: September 16, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              15 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                      Copyright 2016 Zoom Information Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                            Zoom Company Information

                                   July 2016

                           Seattle Apartment Finders

                          123 112th Avenue NE, Suite 1
                              Bellevue,  WA 98004
                                 United States

* * * * * * * * * * COMMUNICATIONS * * * * * * * * * *
TELEPHONE: (425) 455-3733
FAX: (425) 455-7238
URL: www.seattleapartmentfinders.com

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *

   Seattle Apartment Finders is the rental market leader and the Northwest's
largest rental assistance agency. Being in business since 1992, no one knows
rentals in the Puget Sound like we do!  We specialize in helping people find
apartments, condominiums, townhouses, and single family homes to rent. Seattle
Apartment Finders is a professional rental assistance and real estate agency,
and we are EVERYTHING REAL ESTATE. New to the area? In addition to our Free
Apartment Rental Assistance, we provide city and rental tours, home sale tours
and assistance, and destination services to help you settle in to your new home!
Seattle Apartment Finders is a proud member of the Rental Housing Association of
Seattle-King County, the Northwest Multiple Listing Service, Apartments Across
America, Pacific Northwest Relocation Council-an affiliate of Worldwide ERC-and
founding members of the Washington Multi-Family Housing Association, an
affiliate of NAA. Our award-winning service has been recognized by Cartus
Relocation as Globalnet Commitment to Excellence winner for the past nine years
and the Emerald Award winner for Social Awareness, awarded by the Washington
Multi-Family Housing Association.

LOAD-DATE: July 14, 2016


                              16 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



               The Billings County Pioneer (Medora, North Dakota)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                October 25, 2012

USDA funds $61 million in housing

BYLINE: The Billings County Pioneer staff

LENGTH: 143  words


USDA Rural Development State Director Jasper Schneider says that over $61
million for North Dakota housing projects were funded in the 2012 fiscal year.

The financing, which ended Sept. 30. included: direct and guaranteed financing
of 417 single-family homes, the supervision of 2,850 rental units and over $3
million in rental assistance to low income tenants.

USDA Rural Development has several affordable housing programs. The single
family housing direct and guaranteed loan programs offer attractive options for
low to moderate-income individuals and families. Through the guaranteed loan
program, a loan is made by a local lender and guaranteed by USDA. Financing is
also available for multi-family housing projects which Rural Development
supports with rental assistance.

Prior to 1994, USDA Rural Development was known as the Farmers Home
Administration.

LOAD-DATE: March 14, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Economy

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: BIL

                      Copyright 2012 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                   Copyright 2012 The Billings County Pioneer


                              17 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                    Golden Valley News (Beach, North Dakota)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                October 25, 2012

USDA funds $61 million in housing

BYLINE: Golden Valley News staff

LENGTH: 143  words


USDA Rural Development State Director Jasper Schneider says that over $61
million for North Dakota housing projects were funded in the 2012 fiscal year.

The financing, which ended Sept. 30, included: direct and guaranteed financing
of 417 single-family homes, the supervision of 2,850 rental units and over $3
million in rental assistance to low income tenants.

USDA Rural Development has several affordable housing programs. The single
family housing direct and guaranteed loan programs offer attractive options for
low to moderate-income individuals and families. Through the guar-anteed loan
program, a loan is made by a local lender and guaranteed by USDA. Financing is
also available for multi-family housing projects which Rural Development
supports with rental assistance.

Prior to 1994, USDA Rural Development was known as the Farmers Home
Administration.

LOAD-DATE: March 20, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Local Government

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: GOV

                      Copyright 2012 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                       Copyright 2012 Golden Valley News


                              18 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                   Turtle Mountain Star (Rolla, North Dakota)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                October 22, 2012

USDA part of $61 million in developments

BYLINE: Turtle Mountain Star staff

LENGTH: 244  words


USDA Rural Development State Director Jasper Schneider announced over $61
million for North Dakota housing projects in the 2012 fiscal year. The
financing, which ended September 30. included: direct and guaranteed financing
of 417 single-family homes, the supervision of 2,850 rental units and over $3
million in rental assistance to low income tenants.

"Quality housing is the building block of a successful community," said
Schneider. "The ND 2.0 initiative highlighted the need for more housing across
the state. Through our USDA housing programs, we have been able to direct
resources to address this important issue by providing more rental options and
home ownership opportunities."

USDA Rural Development has several affordable housing programs. The
single-family housing direct and guaranteed loan programs offer attractive
options for low to moderate-income individuals and families. Through the
guaranteed Joan program, a loan is made by a local lender and guaranteed by
USDA. Financing is also available for multi-family housing projects, which Rural
Development supports with rental assistance. Prior to 1994. USDA Rural
Development was known as the Farmers Home Administration. Housing has remained
an agency priority as it helps create vibrant, sustainable communities by
driving rural economies and building equity in the future.

To learn more about the housing programs, please visit www.rur-deV.usda.gov/nd
or contact the USDA Rural Development office.

LOAD-DATE: March 30, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Local Government

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: TUR

                      Copyright 2012 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                      Copyright 2012 Turtle Mountain Star


                              19 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

               Copyright 2017 Hoover's Inc., All Rights Reserved

                  Hoover's Company Records - In-depth Records

                                 March 29, 2017

              HOUSING AND URBAN DEVELOPMENT, UNITED STATES DEPT OF

                             451 7th St Sw Rm 5256
                           Washington,  DC 20410-0001
                                 United States

* * * * * * * * * * COMMUNICATIONS * * * * * * * * * *
TELEPHONE: 202-708-0417
FAX: 202-708-0299
URL: www.hud.gov

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY IDENTIFIERS * * * * * * * * * *
HOOVER ID: 150310

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
LEGAL STATUS: Government Agency

EMPLOYEES:  3,000

* * * * * * * * * * EXECUTIVES * * * * * * * * * *

OFFICER                 TITLE             AGE     SALARY      BONUS TOTAL_COMP
                                                                      ENSATION
Cynthia Baxter          Office Of Human     -          -          -          -
                        Resources Ohuman
                        Resources,
                        Branch Chief,
                        Pay, Benefits
                        And Retirement
                        Center
Peggy Nye               Vice President      -          -          -          -


DIRECTOR                    TITLE                AGE
David (Dave) Ellis          Treasurer              -

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *


   The Department of Housing and Urban Development (HUD) offers community
development assistance and programs that enable US residents to access
affordable housing. Created in 1965, HUD programs encompass a wide spectrum of
housing assistance and enforcement, including community development block
grants, single- and multi-family housing mortgage insurance, manufactured home
construction and safety standards, public and Indian housing, and fair housing
initiatives. The department partners with faith-based and community
organizations in realizing new housing opportunities for disadvantaged
residents. HUD's annual budget is nearly $49.3 billion.

   Operations

   The primary programs administered by HUD include Mortgage and loan insurance
through the Federal Housing Administration; Community Development Block Grants
to help communities with economic development, job opportunities and housing
rehabilitation; HOME Investment Partnership Act block grants to develop and
support affordable housing for low-income residents; Rental assistance in the
form of Section 8 certificates or vouchers for low-income households; Public or
subsidized housing for low-income individuals and families; Homeless assistance
provided through local communities and faith-based and other nonprofit
organizations; and Fair housing public education and enforcement.

   HUD provides housing to more than 4.3 million low-income families a year
through its public housing, rental subsidy, and voucher programs.

   Sales and Marketing

   HUD offer services to the Community Development Block Grant, non-entitlement
communities, local governments, tribal entities, public housing authorities,
non-profit organizations, and for-profit organizations.

   Financial Performance

   The President's financial year 2016 Budget provides $49.3 billion in gross
discretionary funding for HUD to expand the number of rental assistance
vouchers; increase homeless assistance for vulnerable families; and make
targeted investments in communities to help revitalize high-poverty
neighborhoods.

   The proposed budget for 2017 is $48.9 billion.

   Strategy

   HUD's strategic plan is to expand opportunity for all Americans. It goals
include Strengthening the Nation's Housing Market to Bolster the Economy and
Protect Consumers; Meeting the Need for Quality Affordable Rental Homes; Meeting
the Need for Quality Affordable Rental Homes; and Building Strong, Resilient,
and Inclusive Communities.

   Introduced amid the economic recession, which was rooted in the housing
market, HUD's 2010-2015 Strategic Plan included a focus on the following:
promoting sustainable homeownership, improving outcomes for the poor and ending
homelessness, enabling energy- and transportation-efficient homes, and
revitalizing the US Gulf Coast.

   The agency is also working to transform itself as it approaches its 50th
anniversary. It is focused on using technology and business process changes to
build capacity in its workforce, focus on results, and create a more open,
flexible, modern work environment.

* * * * * * * * * * MARKET AND INDUSTRY * * * * * * * * * *
NAICS CODES:
925110 - Administration of Housing Programs
SIC CODES:
9531 - Housing programs
MARKETS:

     ·    Selected Programs
     ·
     ·    Community planning and development
     ·    Fair housing and equal opportunity
     ·    Federal Housing Administration
     ·    Government National Mortgage Association (Ginnie Mae)
     ·    Housing counseling
     ·    Policy development and research
     ·    Public and Indian housing
     ·    Sustainable communities


LOAD-DATE: March 29, 2017


                              20 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            April 13, 2016 Wednesday

Washington: Nolan and Kuster Introduce Bipartisan Bill to Help Prevent Thousands
of Low-Income Tenants Across the Country from Losing their Homes

LENGTH: 859 words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Washington: Office of the MP Rick Nolan has issued the following news release:



 Today, U.S. Reps Rick Nolan (MN-08) and Annie Kuster (NH-02) introduced the
Rural Housing Preservation Act, a bill to help maintain rental assistance for
thousands of rural Americans. Kuster developed the bill after tenants living in
a low-income apartment complex in a town in her district - Lebanon, New
Hampshire - had their USDA rental assistance threatened because the loan on the
property had matured. Senator Jeanne Shaheen (D-NH) has introduced companion
legislation in the Senate.





 The Rural Housing Preservation Act is supported by the National Low Income
Housing Coalition, the National Housing Law Project, the National Housing Trust,
LeadingAge and other housing organizations.



 "Affordable housing is imperative to the survival of our rural communities,"
Nolan said. "Our legislation will support Eighth District families -
particularly seniors and individuals with disabilities, who are at the highest
risk losing their homes. The USDA rental assistance program is critically
important to ensuring all Americans have access to the housing options that they
and their families need and deserve."



 "The residents who take advantage of USDA rental assistance are among some of
our most vulnerable citizens, including seniors and individuals with
disabilities. It is unacceptable that thousands of residents like these could
lose their homes because of maturing loans. What's worse, many of these
individuals live in rural areas where low-income housing is extremely limited -
leaving folks with no place to turn. We cannot allow this to happen," said
Congresswoman Annie Kuster. "That's why I'm so proud to introduce the Rural
Housing Preservation Act, which would take a huge step towards ensuring that
none of these residents lose their homes. I'm so thankful to my partners and
colleagues for their support, and I urge Congress to act swiftly to pass this
crucial piece of legislation. The livelihood of thousands of Americans across
the country could depend on it."



 "Affordable rural housing is critically important in New Hampshire and around
the country," said Senator Shaheen. "As we witnessed last year at Pine Tree
Lane, the uncertainty of safe, affordable housing can unsettle and shake an
entire community. We must work together to ensure that other communities don't
face the same threat to rental assistance for low-income families, which is why
I will be introducing the Rural Housing Preservation Act in the United States
Senate. I look forward to continuing to work to extend the promise of safe,
affordable housing to all Americans."



 "The National Low Income Housing Coalition applauds Representative Kuster's
leadership in working to ensure residents receiving USDA rural housing
assistance continue to maintain access to affordable housing after the federal
loans supporting their properties mature," said Diane Yentel, President and CEO
of the National Low Income Housing Coalition. "Without interventions such as
those provided by this important legislation, extremely poor households risk
losing their homes. We urge Congress to move quickly to enact Representative
Kuster's legislation."



 "Rep. Kuster's bill proposes significant positive changes to the Rural Housing
Service's rental housing programs," said Gideon Anders, a Senior Attorney at the
National Housing Law Project, which operates nationally to protect low-income
residents and promote the preservation of affordable housing.  "It will help
protect up to 300,000 low- and very low-income households from displacement and
will keep needed affordable housing in rural communities throughout the country.
It also makes permanent a program designed to revitalize older developments so
that they can provide decent and affordable housing for at least 20 more years."




 The Rural Housing Preservation Act will take several steps to prevent renters
in 515 properties with USDA mortgages from losing their rental assistance -
including providing vouchers to residents in buildings with maturing loans, so
they can maintain housing assistance even after a mortgage has been pre-paid or
matures. The legislation would also allow USDA to work with property owners to
enact a rental assistance contract without the presence of a USDA loan on the
property.  Additionally, the bill would make it easier for non-profit entities
to manage Section 515 properties, while permanently codifying the successful
USDA Multi-Family Preservation and Revitalization Restructuring Program.



 "LeadingAge is pleased to support the Rural Housing Preservation Act.
Representative Kuster's bill would provide rural affordable housing communities
with more tools to ensure these homes are preserved and their residents, the
majority of whom are elderly or have disabilities, have stable housing into the
future," Katie Smith Sloan, President and Chief Executive Officer of LeadingAge,
an association of 6,000 not-for-profit organizations working to improve life for
elderly Americans.





 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:

 editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: April 14, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              21 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            August 30, 2016 Tuesday

Louisiana: Gov. Edwards Announces Additional Housing Solutions for Flood
Survivors; Introduces Shelter at Home Program

LENGTH: 443  words

DATELINE: New York



 Baton Rouge: Office of the Governor, The state of Louisiana has issued the
following news release:



 Gov. John Bel Edwards announced several additional housing solutions for the
thousands of Louisianans impacted by the historic flooding in the recent weeks.





 One of those solutions includes the Shelter at Home Program, a program new to
Louisiana that will allow people to shelter at their own home while they
continue to rebuild.



 "We know that many people are anxious to get back to their homes, churches,
schools and communities," said Gov. Edwards. "Working alongside FEMA, we have
identified several assistance programs that citizens can take advantage of in
order to return to some sense of normalcy as soon as possible. I know it can't
come soon enough, but my administration is doing everything possible to make
sure that help is available. I encourage everyone to explore these solutions and
make the best decisions for themselves and their families."



 The additional housing solutions announced today include:



     The Shelter at Home program: Beginning Monday, this program will allow
homeowners and their families to stay in their homes while they rebuild, rather
than relocate to a shelter, hotel or rental.

     Manufactured Housing Units (MHUs) program: FEMA will provide mobile homes
for up to 18 months to eligible applicants. Unlike the old FEMA trailers, these
mobile homes are built according to U.S. Department of Housing and Urban
Development standards.

     Multi-Family Lease and Repair Program (MFLRP): In this program, FEMA
identifies larger scale rental property currently not on the market where the
property owner, with some financial assistance from FEMA, can make the property
ready to rent within two months. The property owner agrees to make these rentals
available to eligible FEMA applicants.



 Last week, the governor announced that eligible flood survivors may also take
advantage of the following transitional housing assistance:



     Transitional Shelter Assistance (TSA) is a temporary program for survivors
displaced from their primary residence that allows eligible disaster survivors
to select from a list of partner hotel rooms.

     Access to available rental property listed on www.lahousingsearch.org.



 Gov. Edwards again encouraged everyone impacted by the flooding disaster to
register with FEMA for Individual Assistance at www.disasterassistance.gov. The
Small Business Administration (SBA) will also make loans available for
individuals and businesses that were damaged during the flooding.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: August 31, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              22 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Telegraph Herald (Dubuque, IA)

                              June 8, 2007 Friday

Funds available for rental housing

SECTION: A; Pg. 5

LENGTH: 398 words


USDA Rural Development is making funds available to provide affordable rental
housing in small Illinois towns and rural areas.  They expect $99 million to be
available nationally to guarantee loans with local banks for for-profit,
nonprofit and public bodies.

The funding is available under the Section 538 Guaranteed Rural Rental Housing
Program to develop multi-family housing in rural towns and unincorporated areas
with fewer than 20,000 people. The purpose of the program is to ensure safe,
well-built, affordable rental housing is available in smaller communities for
moderate income individuals and families, the elderly and people with
disabilities.

"Rural communities are wonderful places to live, but it's often hard for people
to find places to rent in smaller towns and cities," said Doug Wilson, Illinois
director for USDA Rural Development.  "It can be especially difficult for older
residents or people with disabilities who want to stay in their home towns near
family and friends."

When Rural Development guarantees a multi-family loan, the lender's risk is
greatly reduced, making it feasible for them to offer attractive terms to
contractors, builders, organizations and government agencies.  There's no
minimum or cap on the loan size, and interest rates are fixed for 25 to 40
years.

The Section 538 guaranteed program provides an excellent means of financing for
the Section 42 Low-Income Tax Credit.  Rents are restricted based on the median
income for the county, adjusted for family size.

The program is designed to increase the supply of affordable multi-family
housing through partnerships with major lending sources, as well as state and
local finance agencies and bond issuers.  Funds can be uses for new construction
or the purchase and rehabilitation of existing facilities.  More information is
available by calling Barry Ramsey in the Rural Development State Office at
217/403-6222 or the nearest Rural Development area office.

USDA Rural Development's mission is to deliver programs that help increase
economic opportunities and improve the quality of life of rural residents.  The
agency provides low-cost financing and technical assistance to foster growth in
homeownership, business development, and critical community and technology
infrastructure.  More information is available at the Illinois Rural Development
Web site at   www.rurdev.usda.gov/il .

LOAD-DATE: July 19, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2007 Woodward Communications, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              23 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                             Ottumwa Courier (Iowa)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             May 26, 2010 Wednesday

Supervisors OK housing trust fund: Proposed program could be for new rental
housing

BYLINE: Cindy Toopes, Ottumwa Courier, Iowa

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 535 words


May 26--OTTUMWA -- Wapello County now has another "tool" in its housing toolbox.

In the past, the Wapello County Board of Supervisors deferred a decision on the
Local Housing Trust Fund, a project recommended by the Area 15 Regional Planning
Commission. On Tuesday they unanimously approved a resolution to create the
project.

Ellen Foudree, RPC's executive director, explained the main points about a
proposed trust fund that could help with the county's housing.

"We're here today to solicit your participation in the Local Housing Trust
Fund," Foudree said.

In 2003, the Iowa Legislature created the Iowa Housing Fund within the Iowa
Finance Authority, according to Foudree.

"They appropriate legislation for decent, safe housing and the trust fund gets
about 60 percent of its annual budget from the legislature's appropriation," she
said. "Last year the fund got $4.3 million and this year it was $3 million."

There's no regional housing trust fund, but it's been in Oskaloosa since 2000
through the Iowa Finance Authority, Foudree added.

"I propose we create [a council] from Wapello, Davis, Mahaska, Keokuk, Jefferson
and Van Buren counties, an area with 51 incorporated cities," she said.

A proposed program could be for new rental housing, whether it's newly built or
rehabilitated. And, the unit could even be for a multi-family development,
Foudree said.

"The trust fund can provide the leverage to development. That's why we think
it's valuable to have this monetary resource 'tool' in your toolbox," she added.

Foudree presented an example of program funding for FY2011. The proposed AHEAD
Local Housing Trust would receive a "base award" of $175,000 to the housing
trust fund entity for use somewhere in the proposed council's six-county area.

The council would also receive $1 per capita from each county and the RPC
calculated those amounts as $8,569 for Davis County; $15,463, Jefferson;
$10,697, Keokuk; $22,321, Mahaska; $7,676, Van Buren; and Wapello, $35,513.

Potential housing assistance programs could include new rental housing
development, owner-occupied emergency repairs, rental property owner assistance,
site/lot acquisition, demolition and site preparation; and special projects
fund.

For example, maybe there's a former elementary school that could be made into
low-to-moderate income housing, Foudree suggested.

"I know some of this is vague, but the project doesn't have specifics yet
because not all the details are known," she added.

Another possibility is a trust fund to provide owner-occupied emergency repairs,
such as roofs, furnaces and electrical systems. Or, maybe a rental-property
owner needs assistance in bringing a property up to code, which would enhance
the surrounding area.

Cindy Toopes can be reached at (641) 683-5376 or via e-mail at
cindy@ottumwacourier.com

To see more of Ottumwa Courier or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.ottumwacourier.com/. Copyright (c) 2010, Ottumwa Courier, Iowa
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: May 27, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20100526-OT-Supervisors-OK-housing-trust-fund-0526

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: OT


                         Copyright 2010 Ottumwa Courier


                              24 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            Norwalk Reflector, Ohio

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            March 19, 2014 Wednesday

Report: USDA rural development initiatives created 75,000 Jobs in 2013

BYLINE: Norwalk Reflector, Ohio

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 1192 words


March 19--Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack has issued a report highlighting the
impact of more than $33 billion in USDA investments to support rural businesses,
infrastructure and housing in 2013.

"This report tells the story of how USDA support has made a tremendous
difference in the lives of rural Americans," said Vilsack. "Our investments help
create jobs and opportunity for rural residents, provide affordable housing,
support modern infrastructure, and build essential community facilities. I am
proud of the role that USDA has played to grow rural economies and help make
rural America a place of opportunity, innovation and economic growth."

USDA Rural Development's $193 billion portfolio is making lasting investments in
rural communities. The report highlights several initiatives that are helping to
address persistent rural poverty, expand health care for Mississippi Delta
residents, and develop stronger partnerships between government, private-sector
and community-based organizations.

Since the start of the Obama Administration, USDA business programs have
provided more than 18,000 guaranteed loans, direct loans and grants to help more
than 74,000 businesses create or save more than 375,000 jobs. USDA is
increasingly becoming the lender of choice for many Native American tribes
throughout the country.

USDA programs support research into new energy sources and help protect the
environment. During the two last quarters of fiscal year 2013, USDA made
payments to operators of 56 anaerobic digesters that produced almost 173 million
kilowatt hours of electricity -- enough to power more than 17,000 homes
annually.

For example, Clover Hill Dairy in Campbellsport, Wis., received a $6,200 payment
through the Advanced Biofuel Payment Program to operate its anaerobic digester,
which was commissioned 2007. The digester produces 2.7 million kilowatt hours
(kWh) of energy per year. The dairy's herd provides the manure to produce
biogas, which fuels the generators that produce electricity. The excess
electricity is purchased by a local utility and delivered to customers.

USDA broadband infrastructure loans awarded in FY 2013 will result in new or
upgraded broadband service for about 120,000 rural households, businesses and
community institutions once the projects are completed. The Department also
continued to make great strides to bring distance learning and telemedicine
infrastructure to rural areas. In 2013, one-third of USDA's distance learning
grants went to rural areas where the minority population is 30 percent or
higher. Another third went to areas were poverty rates have been consistently
high over long periods. All of the awards went to rural areas where residents
lacked access to medical services.

Rural Development is a key player in the recovery of the nation's housing
market, particularly in rural areas. For many realtors, USDA Rural Development
loans account for most of their business. In 2013, nearly 163,000 rural families
became homeowners through loans from private lenders that were guaranteed by
USDA, and more than 7,000 families bought homes through direct loans from USDA.

USDA's homeownership program is complemented by assistance that helps rural
residents find affordable rental housing. Tenants pay no more than 30 percent of
their income on rent for decent, safe housing. Last year, USDA provided rental
assistance to nearly 280,000 rural residents. Including the residents who get
rental assistance, more than half a million rural Americans live in rental
housing financed or directly supported by USDA.

USDA's Rural Housing Service invested in more than 1,000 essential community
infrastructure projects with $1.4 billion in direct loans, guaranteed loans and
grants in Fiscal Year 2013.

In other areas, the report indicates that USDA's Rural Utilities Service helped
meet the power needs of 8.7 million rural customers last year by providing
nearly $5 billion in loans to electric utilities. These loans helped build and
expand transmission and distribution systems. During fiscal year 2013, USDA
helped bring new and improved electric infrastructure to more than 80,000 Native
Americans and Alaska Natives and invested a record amount -- $275 million -- on
infrastructure projects benefitting them.

One of the many examples of how USDA investments are helping rural businesses
and communities is the bio-based startup company Laurel Biocomposites, LLC, in
Laurel, Neb. USDA partnered with Security Bank in Laurel to provide a $5 million
loan guarantee that helped Laurel Biocomposites buy equipment and provide
working capital for its first year of operation. Today, the company is operating
one production line and is expected to begin full-scale production later this
year. When full-scale production begins, the company plans to double its work
force from seven currently to 13 to 15 workers on the plant floor.

The Wisconsin Food Hub Cooperative in Madison, Wis., is using a $150,000 USDA
Value Added Producer Grant to help start a regional fresh produce food hub and
packinghouse to improve producers' access to local wholesale markets. The hub
will create private-sector jobs and aggregate local produce sold under the
"Wisconsin Farmed" brand.

Eleven families in Reedley, Calif., became homeowners in 2013 after moving into
houses they jointly built through USDA's Mutual Self-Help Housing program. The
group worked with oversight from Self-Help Enterprises, a pioneer in the "Sweat
Equity" concept of homebuilding.

For additional information on Rural Development projects, visit Rural
Development's new interactive web map featuring program funding and success
stories for the past four fiscal years. The data can be found HERE.

To view the entire report, click on the link at the end of this story.

Here are Ohio's numbers:

Program FY 2009 -- 2013-- --   TOTALS   NUMBER OF  PROJECTS

Business and Industry Guarantee -- $235,771,307  86

Intermediary Relending Program  -- $2,709,000   6

Renewable Energy Loans and Grants  -- $51,573,032   335

Rural Business Enterprise Grants  -- $5,846,702    51

Rural Economic Development Loans and Grants  -- $300,000   1

Value-Added Producer Grants  -- $954,288    10

Single Family Housing Direct Loans  -- $189,214,526    1,740

Single Family Housing Guaranteed Loans  -- $2,287,713,125    21,919

Home Repair Loans and Grants  -- $7,266,854   1,501

Self-Help Housing Technical Assistance Grants  -- $1,361,030   3

Multi-Family Housing Direct Loans  -- $29,103,632    51

Multi-Family Housing Guaranteed Loans  -- $16,379,295    17

Rental Assistance  -- $105,509,916    1,330

Community Facility Direct Loans  -- $72,830,125    73

Community Facility Guaranteed Loans  -- $16,900,500   8

Community Facility Grants  -- $3,751,445   80

Water and Waste Direct Loans  -- $141,328,000    65

Water and Waste Guaranteed Loans  -- $11,000,000   2

Water and Waste Grants  -- $97,347,246   66

Telecommunications Loans and Grants (DLT)  -- $45,394,228   31

Electric Loans  -- $333,869,000   20

TOTAL  -- $3,656,123,251   27,395

___ (c)2014 the Norwalk Reflector (Norwalk, Ohio) Visit the Norwalk Reflector
(Norwalk, Ohio) at www.norwalkreflector.com Distributed by MCT Information
Services

LOAD-DATE: March 20, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20140319-1NW-Report-USDA-rural-development-initiatives-created-75,000-Jobs-in-20
13-0319-20140319

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1NW


                     Copyright 2014 Norwalk Reflector, Ohio


                              25 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                             National Mortgage News

                                August 18, 1986

SHARP Fund Gives $ 5 MM for Housing

SECTION: Pg. 27

LENGTH: 186 words

DATELINE: BOSTON


Up to $ 5 million in funds have been made available to qualified developers of
multi-family housing, the Massachusetts Housing Finance Agency said.

The funds were provided by the State Housing Assistance for Rental Program and
administered by the MHFA and the Executive Office of Communities and
Development.

Gov. Michael S. Dukakis instituted the SHARP program in 1983 in order to meet
the rising demand for affordable housing.

The program encourages new construction on rental housing by providing an
interest reduction subsidy, the MHFA said.  The money technically is a loan,
which at the end of 15 years is either repaid or allocated for continued low and
moderate income housing.

All projects built with SHARP funds, the housing agency said, are required to
set aside at least 25% of the units for low-income families.

In order to encourage construction of multi-family units that include
two-to-four bedrooms, the MHFA is providing incentives such as awarding extra
points to development proposals that include large family units.

The SHARP funds were awarded to the highest ranking proposals.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1986 National Thrift News, Inc.


                              26 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            August 12, 2014 Tuesday

Maryland: LOAN/INSURANCE UNDERWRITER LEAD/ADVANCED, MF (045635/045472)
Recruitment #14-001734-003

LENGTH: 906  words

DATELINE: Annapolis


State of Maryland has issued the following job vacancy:

LOAN/INSURANCE UNDERWRITER LEAD/ADVANCED, MF (045635/045472)

2 Positions: Senior Multi-Family Underwriters

Recruitment #14-001734-003
Date Opened  8/12/2014 1:48:00 PM
Filing Deadline  8/28/2014 11:59:00 PM
Salary  $48,920.00 - $78,507.00/year
Employment Type  Full-Time
HR Analyst  Alicia Townsend
Work Location  Anne Arundel
Go Back Click HERE to apply Click HERE to view benefits
Introduction

Work that Matters. The Maryland Department of Housing and Community Development
(DHCD) is a national leader in the financing of affordable housing and
revitalizing communities.  This is an opportunity to join this
nationally-recognized, award-winning organization and apply your skills to this
high public purpose and challenging area.  Annually, DHCD finances approximately
2,700 units of multifamily rental housing in 40 properties, amounting to $350
million in construction and permanent financing.  Funding comes from a variety
of sources, including state-appropriated funds, taxable and tax-exempt revenue
bonds, federal low income housing tax credits, federal HOME funds and other
federal funds.  Additionally, DHCD administers rental assistance programs and
innovative initiatives designed to expand affordable housing opportunities for
persons with disabilities, increase the energy efficiency and sustainability of
affordable multifamily developments, and preserve rental housing.
GRADE
18
LOCATION OF POSITION

Crownsville, Maryland

The Department of Housing and Community Development has plans to be relocated to
Prince George's County in the future.
Main Purpose of Job

POSITION DUTIES
DHCD has an immediate opening for two full-time highly proficient loan
underwriters for multifamily rental developments. The position is located within
the Multifamily Housing Unit of the Community Development Administration. The
individuals in these positions are responsible for evaluating requests for
financing for multifamily rental housing projects, including federal low income
housing tax credit, transitional housing, shelters, rental preservation, and
single room occupancy projects. This includes processing and underwriting
applications; issuing reservation letters, commitments and other correspondence;
closing loans; determining compliance with regulations and guidelines, and
assisting in the preparation of monthly and annual reports on the status of
financing programs. The types of projects reviewed will generally consist of
over $5 million in total costs; 50 or more units; two or more sources of
financing, moderate to high risk factors; and fixed rate or deferred loans.
MINIMUM EDUCATION AND EXPERIENCE REQUIREMENTS

Education: Possession of a Bachelor's degree from an accredited college or
university.

Experience: Three years of experience evaluating the risk involved in granting
loans or insurance for multi-family housing or commercial projects.

Note: Additional experience as described above may be substituted on a
year-for-year basis for the required education.
SELECTIVE QUALIFICATIONS
One year of experience underwriting, processing or closing loans.
DESIRED OR PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS

The applicant must be a self-starter, able to work in a team environment, and
have excellent communication skills, both oral and written.  The successful
candidate will possess good time management skills.

Experience in underwriting and financing rental income properties;
    Knowledge of federal Low-Income Housing Tax Credit or related federal
investment tax credit programs;
    Experience in affordable rental housing preservation;
    Ability to prepare and present reports or recommendations clearly and
concisely;
    Experience working with FHA-insured multifamily housing insurance programs;

    Knowledge of taxable and tax-exempt bond financing programs;
    Ability to establish and maintain effective relationships with co-workers,
senior level staff and developers;

SELECTION PROCESS

Please provide sufficient information on your application to document that you
meet the minimum qualifications for this recruitment. Please provide
transcripts, certifications or diplomas to document educational or certification
qualifications. Educational credentials from foreign countries must be evaluated
by an approved education review service. This evaluation must be submitted with
your application. For further information, you may call International
Consultants of Delaware, Inc. (302) 737-8715 or World Education Services Inc.
1-800-932-3897 or (202) 331-2925. Successful candidates will be ranked as  Best
Qualified, Better Qualified, or Qualified and placed on the employment
(eligible) list for at least one year. Eligible list may be used to fill future
vacancies of the same classification.
EXAMINATION PROCESS

The examination will consist of a rating of your education, training, and
experience related to the requirements of the position.  You may be required to
complete a qualifications supplement, or the rating may be based on your
application.  Therefore, it is important that you provide complete and accurate
information on your application.  Report all experience and education that is
related to this position.
BARGAINING UNIT STATUS

The incumbent in this position is a member of a covered bargaining unit and will
be required to pay a bi-weekly service fee to the exclusive representative of
the bargaining unit.


For Further information please visit: http://www.jobaps.com A

LOAD-DATE: August 13, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              27 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                      Copyright 2016 Zoom Information Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                            Zoom Company Information

                                   July 2016

                 Colorado Rural Housing Development Corporation

                        7305 Lowell Boulevard Suite 200
                             Westminster,  CO 80030
                                 United States

* * * * * * * * * * COMMUNICATIONS * * * * * * * * * *
TELEPHONE: (303) 428-1448
URL: www.crhdc.org

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
EMPLOYEES: 35

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *

   CRHDC offers a wide range of programs and services, including:   Home
Ownership - We provide access to home ownership opportunities through our
Self-Help Housing Program, homebuyer education, attractive mortgage loans, and
down payment assistance. Training and counseling is available in both English
and Spanish. We also offer classes in home maintenance. Contractor Built Housing
- We serve as General Contactor or partner with a private contractor to build
and finance homes for buyers who buy contractor built houses. The contractor
partners with CRHDC, lenders, local governments, and other funding sources to
keep housing costs affordable.  Property Development and Management - We
develop, acquire, and manage multi-family rental housing. We own and manage four
multi-family complexes in Colorado.  Technical Assistance/Farm Worker Housing
Development - We lend our technical expertise to local governments and
non-profits to help them sponsor and construct safe, decent, and affordable
rental housing in rural and urban agricultural areas. Housing for Migrant Farm
Workers  - The number of farm workers in need of housing exceeds the number of
available housing units. Often, small rural communities do not have enough
rental units available, or they may be unavailable to migrant farm workers who
cannot provide deposits, qualify for credit checks, or make long-term rental
commitments.  We work with U.S.D.A. Rural Development and a consortium of non
profit organizations to provide techni

LOAD-DATE: July 14, 2016


                              28 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           December 3, 2016 Saturday

Washington: Don't Wait. Make a Plan for Your Recovery

LENGTH: 594  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: Federal Emergency Management Agency has issued the following news
release:



 Survivors of the flooding that followed Hurricane Matthew should make or
solidify a plan to move from temporary accommodations to more permanent housing
as part of their recovery.





 If you are living in a hotel paid by FEMA under the Transitional Sheltering
Assistance program, remember this assistance is short-term. The program is
scheduled to end Saturday, Jan. 7, 2017.



 Two ways to search for housing online:



     NCHousingHelps.org helps people displaced by Hurricane Matthew locate
available, affordable rental housing. This free service can be accessed online
24 hours a day and through a toll-free, bilingual call center, Monday through
Friday, 9 a.m. to 8 p.m., at 877-428-8844

     The FEMA Housing Portal (https://asd.fema.gov/inter/hportal/home.htm) is
intended to help individuals and families who have been displaced by a disaster
find a place to live. The portal consolidates rental resources identified and
provided by federal agencies, such as the U.S. Department of Housing and Urban
Development, U.S. Department of Agriculture, U.S. Veterans Administration,
private organizations, and the public to help individuals and families find
available rental units in their area.



 If you lived in public housing, or a multi-family Section 8 apartment, or had a
Housing Choice Voucher before Hurricane Matthew:



     You may be eligible for disaster assistance from U.S. Housing and Urban
Development (HUD). Contact the housing provider that assisted you before the
disaster and contact HUD at 336-851-8058 or email at hudhelpingu@hud.gov



 If you need homeowner information and assistance from HUD regarding foreclosure
or questions about the next steps with your home:



     Contact a HUD-approved housing counseling agency by calling 800-569-4287.
You do not have to have a FHA loan to meet with a HUD-approved housing
counseling agency, and there is never a fee for foreclosure prevention
counseling.



 The deadline for registering for FEMA 's Individual Assistance is Monday, Jan.
9, 2017. If you have not yet registered, you are urged to do so as soon as
possible.



 There are three ways to register with FEMA:



     Online at DisasterAssistance.gov.

     Call the FEMA Helpline at 800-621-3362 for voice, 711 and Video Relay
Service. If you are deaf, hard of hearing or have a speech disability and use a
TTY, call 800-462-7585.

     Download the FEMA Mobile App and apply.



 After you register with FEMA, the U.S. Small Business Administration may
contact you. SBA is the primary source of funds for property repairs and
replacing lost contents following a disaster. The deadline to apply for a
low-interest disaster loan from SBA is also Monday, Jan. 9, 2017.



     Call the SBA at 800-659-2955 (800-877-8339 TTY). Or visit SBA's secure
website https://disasterloan.sba.gov/ela/ to apply online.



     There is no requirement to take out a loan if one is offered from SBA. If
you are approved for a disaster loan, you have 60 days to decide whether to
accept the loan. If you are not approved for a loan you may be considered for
certain other FEMA grants and programs that could include assistance for
disaster-related car repairs, clothing, household items and other expenses.



 Voluntary organizations in your community may be able to help you find a more
permanent place to live. You may seek referrals for unmet needs by calling
United Way at 211.





 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: December 3, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              29 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           December 3, 2016 Saturday

Washington: Don't Wait. Make a Plan for Your Recovery

LENGTH: 594  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: Federal Emergency Management Agency has issued the following news
release:



 Survivors of the flooding that followed Hurricane Matthew should make or
solidify a plan to move from temporary accommodations to more permanent housing
as part of their recovery.





 If you are living in a hotel paid by FEMA under the Transitional Sheltering
Assistance program, remember this assistance is short-term. The program is
scheduled to end Saturday, Jan. 7, 2017.



 Two ways to search for housing online:



     NCHousingHelps.org helps people displaced by Hurricane Matthew locate
available, affordable rental housing. This free service can be accessed online
24 hours a day and through a toll-free, bilingual call center, Monday through
Friday, 9 a.m. to 8 p.m., at 877-428-8844

     The FEMA Housing Portal (https://asd.fema.gov/inter/hportal/home.htm) is
intended to help individuals and families who have been displaced by a disaster
find a place to live. The portal consolidates rental resources identified and
provided by federal agencies, such as the U.S. Department of Housing and Urban
Development, U.S. Department of Agriculture, U.S. Veterans Administration,
private organizations, and the public to help individuals and families find
available rental units in their area.



 If you lived in public housing, or a multi-family Section 8 apartment, or had a
Housing Choice Voucher before Hurricane Matthew:



     You may be eligible for disaster assistance from U.S. Housing and Urban
Development (HUD). Contact the housing provider that assisted you before the
disaster and contact HUD at 336-851-8058 or email at hudhelpingu@hud.gov



 If you need homeowner information and assistance from HUD regarding foreclosure
or questions about the next steps with your home:



     Contact a HUD-approved housing counseling agency by calling 800-569-4287.
You do not have to have a FHA loan to meet with a HUD-approved housing
counseling agency, and there is never a fee for foreclosure prevention
counseling.



 The deadline for registering for FEMA 's Individual Assistance is Monday, Jan.
9, 2017. If you have not yet registered, you are urged to do so as soon as
possible.



 There are three ways to register with FEMA:



     Online at DisasterAssistance.gov.

     Call the FEMA Helpline at 800-621-3362 for voice, 711 and Video Relay
Service. If you are deaf, hard of hearing or have a speech disability and use a
TTY, call 800-462-7585.

     Download the FEMA Mobile App and apply.



 After you register with FEMA, the U.S. Small Business Administration may
contact you. SBA is the primary source of funds for property repairs and
replacing lost contents following a disaster. The deadline to apply for a
low-interest disaster loan from SBA is also Monday, Jan. 9, 2017.



     Call the SBA at 800-659-2955 (800-877-8339 TTY). Or visit SBA's secure
website https://disasterloan.sba.gov/ela/ to apply online.



     There is no requirement to take out a loan if one is offered from SBA. If
you are approved for a disaster loan, you have 60 days to decide whether to
accept the loan. If you are not approved for a loan you may be considered for
certain other FEMA grants and programs that could include assistance for
disaster-related car repairs, clothing, household items and other expenses.



 Voluntary organizations in your community may be able to help you find a more
permanent place to live. You may seek referrals for unmet needs by calling
United Way at 211.





 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: December 4, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              30 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                     Monroe County Appeal (Paris, Missouri)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                January 17, 2013

USDA Highlights 2012 Investments to Build Stronger Rural Communities;
Investment included monies to Ralls County

BYLINE: Monroe County Appeal staff

LENGTH: 932  words


Rural Development helps to invest more than $30 billion to strengthen rural
America

Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack recently issued a report highlighting USDA
Rural Development's fiscal year (FY) 2012 investments in job creation,
businesses, infrastructure and housing for Americans living in rural communities
across the nation.

"President Obama's plan for rural America has brought about historic investment
in rural communities that have made them stronger," Vilsack said. "Thanks to our
loan, grant and technical assistance programs, USDA Rural Development is helping
residents and rural enterprises thrive, and we are laying a strong foundation
for rural America's future."

With an active portfolio of more than $176 billion in loans and loan guarantees,
Rural Development has provided affordable housing, improved utility
infrastructure, and helped businesses and cooperatives create jobs, build rural
economies and increase the quality of life in rural areas. For a full copy of
the 2012 Progress Report, go to http://www.rurdev.usda.
gov/SupportDocuments/RDProgressReport-2012. pdf.

Missouri Rural Development State Director Janie Dunning stated, "The amounts
listed mean a return of taxpayer dollars to the states. In Missouri,
$992,406,000 was returned in the form of grants, loans and loan guarantees. This
is money directly assisting businesses to create or retain jobs and communities
to maintain quality of life for residents and visitors"

For example, in 2012, nearly 64,000 rural residents received new or better
access to broadband Internet service. Under the Rural Utilities Program, Rural
Development provided approximately $4.7 billion in electric loans, $173 million
in telecommunications loans and grants, and $1.4 billion in water and waste
disposal loan and grants.

Through its Community Facilities loan and grant program, Rural Development
provided more than $8.6 million to construct or improve 48 rural libraries, and
provided more than $888 million in assistance for 243 projects to improve the
delivery of health care for rural Americans. All told, Rural Development
provided more than $1.5 billion in community facilities loans and grants to
develop or improve essential facilities like these in rural areas.

In addition to the efforts to support education and health care, another key
aspect of the Community Facilities program is the ability to support emergency
responders. For example, Missouri Rural Development provided $417,680 to 25
entities; ambulance districts, cities, counties and villages; to improve first
responders' and emergency early warning systems' capability. Many of these
communities had no equipment or were without adequate equipment to protect lives
and properties during hazardous situations.

Rural Development is also the lead agency ensuring that rural families have
access to safe, well-built, affordable homes. In 2012, Rural Development helped
7,940 families with low-incomes obtain safe, affordable homes, providing
approximately $900.9 million in single-family direct subsidized loans. Under the
single-family guaranteed loan program, Rural Development helped more than
145,100 moderate-income families purchase single-family homes. More than 7,000
rural individuals or families were able to repair their homes under the home
repair loan and grant program.

In 2012, USDA Rural Development assisted more than 270,000 low- and
very-low-income families, who were able to live in safe, multi-family housing
thanks to $904.7 million in rental assistance to bring their rents to an
affordable level.

Rural Development also helped approximately 1,700 families move into new
apartment units through $122.6 million for low-income rental housing
development, $104.3 million in guaranteed loans for moderate-income rental
housing development, and $5.5 million for multi-family housing for farm workers
and their families.

Through Rural Development's business and cooperative loan, grant and technical
assistance programs, the agency helped about 9,700 rural small business owners
or farmers improve their enterprises in 2012. Business and cooperative program
funding created or saved more than 53,000 rural jobs in 2012. Rural Development
provided slightly more than $1 billion in Business and Industry loan guarantees,
$25.5 million in Rural Business Enterprise grants, $50.3 million in Rural
Economic Development loans and grants, $17.5 million in Intermediary Relending
Program loans, and $40.4 million in Value Added Producer Grants in 2012.

For example, a $1,000,000 Rural Economic Development Loan and $300,000 Rural
Economic Development Grant to Missouri's Ralls County Electric Cooperative is
facilitating the construction of a Higher Education Center in Hannibal, Missouri
by Moberly Area Community College (MACC). MACC is leveraging the Rural Economic
Development funds with a Federal Emergency Management Agency (FEMA) grant of
$1,275,240, a MACC contribution of $1,000,000, a Hannibal community contribution
of $900,918 and a Ralls County Electric Cooperative loan of $60,000.

The 16,890 square feet MACC Higher Education Center will house educational and
administrative space. Included in center will be classrooms, a library, student
lounge, faculty and staff offices and building support. The center will have the
latest in education-. al resources and technology. For additional information on
Rural Development projects, please visit Rural Development's new interactive web
map featuring program funding and success stories for the past four fiscal
years. The data can be found at: http://www.rurdev.
usda.gov/RDSuccessSto-ries.html.

LOAD-DATE: August 13, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Business

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: MCA

                      Copyright 2013 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                      Copyright 2013 Monroe County Appeal


                              31 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                 The Free Lance-Star (Fredericksburg, Virginia)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           February 24, 2011 Thursday

Long wait may get longer

BYLINE: Cathy Jett, The Free Lance-Star, Fredericksburg, Va.

SECTION: BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL NEWS

LENGTH: 823 words


Feb. 24--Dorothy Asbury waited 18 months to get her one-bedroom subsidized
apartment in Bowling Green.

The 72-year-old pays $250 of the $736 she receives from Social Security each
month to live at Courthouse Lane, a well-maintained cluster of buildings
containing four one-story apartments each.

A friend at Round Oak Baptist Church recommended that Asbury apply, and it's
been "a lifesaver," she said.

Asbury can maintain her independence at Courthouse Lane, and she and the other
elderly and handicapped residents look out for each other.

"I don't know what alternative I would have" if she didn't receive federal
assistance, she said. "I don't have enough Social Security to rent a place
[without it]."

As Asbury discovered, affordable housing, especially in rural areas where
options are limited, is hard to find. A wait of 18 months to two years is
typical, said Judy Fedele, who manages Courthouse Lane and several other
subsidized housing developments in Bowling Green.

Yet affordable single- and multifamily housing in rural areas could get even
scarcer if Congress approves proposed cuts to programs that provide assistance
to people who need it and those who own and manage it.

The House's appropriations bill would trim the Senate Appropriation
Subcommittee's $971 million for Section 521 Rental Assistance to $956 million,
for example, and provides no funding for the Multi-Family Housing Revitalization
Demonstration Program.

"The budget submitted for both rural single- and multifamily affordable housing
is awful," said Colleen M. Fisher of Fredericksburg, the executive director of
the Council for Affordable and Rural Housing.

The Alexandria-based organization is the nation's leading advocate for
financing, development and management of the affordable rural housing industry.
It has found that while the demand for rural housing remains high, supply,
especially of new housing, has decreased.

Fisher, who's been the council's head since 1996, said that part of her job this
year involves explaining the impact of the proposed cuts to the House of
Representatives' new members, many of whom don't have rural areas in their
districts and are focused on slashing the country's debt.

"On the Senate side, things are a little easier," she said, "While there are new
people and new committee assignments, a lot of the people are somewhat familiar
with rural areas and the need for affordable rural housing."

The elderly, disabled and handicapped who qualify for subsidized housing in
rural areas have an average income of $11,000, according to Fisher. At
Courthouse Lane, it's roughly $10,000, Fedele said.

One of Fisher's main concerns is the age of much of the roughly 16,000
affordable housing properties in the country. Many date back to the 1980s, if
not earlier.

The Multi-Family Housing Revitalization Demonstration Program has allowed owners
to restructure their debt so they could free up money for upkeep and renovation.
Applicants have to provide a capital needs assessment to identify the repairs
that will need to be made over 20 years and the estimated cost, and agree that
it will be used as low-income housing.

If the program is dropped, owners will have to compete for funding from a
dwindling list of other sources, including tax credits, grants and federal
housing grants.

"The need to preserve subsidized housing in rural areas is so important because
there isn't much," Fisher said. "If you look in Bowling Green, it's not like
there are ads for a whole lot of rentals."

Reducing the amount of funding available for rent subsidies would mean even less
of the existing housing would be available, especially for those at the lowest
end of the eligibility levels, said Bob Margolis, who owns Courthouse Lane and a
number of other subsidized housing properties in the Fredericksburg area.

"There's a very thin line between the income a person needs to have to be able
to afford the rent, but still meet the income requirements of the program," he
said. "It's possible that a lot of these units will sit vacant because the
subsidies have been taken away."

For her part, Fisher plans to take her board of directors to Capitol Hill to ask
that the money in the proposed cuts be restored and the Multi-Family Housing
Revitalization Demonstration Program be made permanent.

She's also asking the council's state affiliates to invite their representatives
to visit affordable housing and see first-hand why it is important to the people
who live there.

"If that housing wasn't there," Fisher said, "where would they live?"

Cathy Jett: 540/374-5407

Email: cjett@freelancestar.com

To see more of The Free Lance-Star or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://fredericksburg.com/flshome. Copyright (c) 2011, The Free Lance-Star,
Fredericksburg, Va. Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For
more information about the content services offered by McClatchy-Tribune
Information Services (MCT), visit www.mctinfoservices.com.

LOAD-DATE: February 24, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20110224-FB-HLT-Long-wait-may-get-longer-0224-20110224

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: FB


                       Copyright 2011 The Free Lance-Star


                              32 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          November 23, 2016 Wednesday

Washington: 100 Days Later: Signs of Recovery Multiplying as Work Continues

LENGTH: 941  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: Federal Emergency Management Agency has issued the following news
release:



 One hundred days have passed since torrential rains caused historic flooding in
Louisiana. The August storms dumped an estimated seven trillion gallons of
rainwater across southern Louisiana--more than four times the amount of water
contained in Lake Pontchartrain.





 Even before the floodwaters subsided, members of federal, state, and voluntary
agencies quickly responded to provide disaster assistance. Signs of recovery are
increasingly visible as disaster assistance funds and other forms of relief
continue to reach survivors.



 Assistance to Individuals



 More than 153,000 individuals and families registered for FEMA disaster
assistance.



     Disaster Survivor Assistance (DSA) specialists visited affected
neighborhoods to help survivors register for assistance.

         These specialists met face-to-face with nearly 125,000 individuals and
registered more than 4,000 applicants.

     Survivors have also had the option to visit disaster recovery centers
(DRCs) for registration and other assistance from representatives of FEMA, the
U.S. Small Business Administration, and other organizations. More than 86,000
survivors have been assisted by DRC staffers.

         Survivors can locate a DRC near them by going online to
fema.gov/disaster-recovery-centers, calling the FEMA helpline, or downloading
the FEMA mobile app.



 Survivors have received more than $729 million in disaster assistance through
FEMA's Individuals and Households Program.



     Of that number, more than $575 million in housing assistance has gone to
helping survivors find temporary housing solutions and rebuild their homes.

         Nearly $577 million in housing assistance has gone directly to home
repairs for homeowners and renters.

         More than $126 million in rental assistance has been approved, allowing
eligible survivors to receive funding to pay for temporary rental housing.

     An additional $153 million was given out for Other Needs Assistance, which
helps survivors cover the costs of necessary items and services such as
transportation, medical and dental expenses, clothing and funeral costs.



 Housing Options



 To support survivors through the recovery process, FEMA and its partners have
provided several housing options.



     Transitional Sheltering Assistance (TSA) allows eligible survivors to stay
in hotel rooms billed directly to FEMA. Currently, 1,784 applicants are taking
advantage of TSA.

     Manufactured Housing Units (MHUs) are specialized housing units that serve
as a last-resort option for survivors who cannot find other viable housing
solutions. To date, 1,583 applicants are licensed in to MHUs.

     The Multi-family Lease and Repair Program (MLRP) provides funds to make
flood-damaged rental units livable again in order to lease them as temporary
housing for eligible survivors. There are currently 20 units occupied with
another 25 units available.

     The Shelter at Home program is a FEMA-funded repair program that is
implemented by the State. The program provides eligible survivors with up to
$15,000 in necessary repairs to make their homes safe, habitable and secure.
More than 21,600 Louisianans applied for repair assistance through Shelter at
Home.



 Public Assistance



 In response to the August flooding, FEMA increased the federal cost share for
infrastructure recovery from 75 percent to 90 percent, permitting public
assistance applicants to pay only 10 percent of the cost. Overall, $222.6
million in disaster assistance has been awarded by FEMA's Public Assistance
program for flood-related costs such as:



     Emergency response operations;

     Road reconstruction;

     Temporary facilities;

     Police vehicles; and

     Debris removal.

     The Public Assistance program is helping the state of Louisiana and local
jurisdictions to fund debris removal operations. The flooding generated an
estimated 4 million cubic yards of debris; to date, 99 percent of that has been
removed.



 Hazard Mitigation



     The Community Education Outreach program, which offers mitigation
information to residents and business owners, has assisted over 50,000
individuals at disaster recovery centers, special events and home improvement
stores.

     Floodplain Management and Insurance has conducted over 59,000 inspections
to assist local officials in making substantial damage determinations.



 NFIP Claims



 The National Flood Insurance Program has paid out $1.7 billion on more than
29,000 claims. FEMA recommends homeowners and renters invest in flood insurance;
residents do not have to live in a floodplain to be eligible for flood insurance
and its benefits.



 SBA Assistance



 The U.S. Small Business Administration has approved more than 16,000
low-interest disaster loans totaling more than $1.1 billion. While these loans
cannot duplicate benefits from insurance or other federal aid, they are
available to businesses, private nonprofits, homeowners and renters.



 Disaster Unemployment Assistance



 Nearly 1,300 applications for Disaster Unemployment Assistance were approved
for more than $1.3 million. This assistance goes directly to survivors who lost
their jobs due to the flooding.



 Volunteer Agency Assistance



 Volunteers have provided more than 700,000 hours in support of the recovery
process.



     Trained volunteers have provided crisis counseling to more than 1,400
survivors at DRCs and in the communities.

     AmeriCorps has coordinated muck and gut operations on more than 500
flood-damaged homes.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: November 24, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              33 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          November 23, 2016 Wednesday

Washington: 100 Days Later: Signs of Recovery Multiplying as Work Continues

LENGTH: 941  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: Federal Emergency Management Agency has issued the following news
release:



 One hundred days have passed since torrential rains caused historic flooding in
Louisiana. The August storms dumped an estimated seven trillion gallons of
rainwater across southern Louisiana--more than four times the amount of water
contained in Lake Pontchartrain.





 Even before the floodwaters subsided, members of federal, state, and voluntary
agencies quickly responded to provide disaster assistance. Signs of recovery are
increasingly visible as disaster assistance funds and other forms of relief
continue to reach survivors.



 Assistance to Individuals



 More than 153,000 individuals and families registered for FEMA disaster
assistance.



     Disaster Survivor Assistance (DSA) specialists visited affected
neighborhoods to help survivors register for assistance.

         These specialists met face-to-face with nearly 125,000 individuals and
registered more than 4,000 applicants.

     Survivors have also had the option to visit disaster recovery centers
(DRCs) for registration and other assistance from representatives of FEMA, the
U.S. Small Business Administration, and other organizations. More than 86,000
survivors have been assisted by DRC staffers.

         Survivors can locate a DRC near them by going online to
fema.gov/disaster-recovery-centers, calling the FEMA helpline, or downloading
the FEMA mobile app.



 Survivors have received more than $729 million in disaster assistance through
FEMA's Individuals and Households Program.



     Of that number, more than $575 million in housing assistance has gone to
helping survivors find temporary housing solutions and rebuild their homes.

         Nearly $577 million in housing assistance has gone directly to home
repairs for homeowners and renters.

         More than $126 million in rental assistance has been approved, allowing
eligible survivors to receive funding to pay for temporary rental housing.

     An additional $153 million was given out for Other Needs Assistance, which
helps survivors cover the costs of necessary items and services such as
transportation, medical and dental expenses, clothing and funeral costs.



 Housing Options



 To support survivors through the recovery process, FEMA and its partners have
provided several housing options.



     Transitional Sheltering Assistance (TSA) allows eligible survivors to stay
in hotel rooms billed directly to FEMA. Currently, 1,784 applicants are taking
advantage of TSA.

     Manufactured Housing Units (MHUs) are specialized housing units that serve
as a last-resort option for survivors who cannot find other viable housing
solutions. To date, 1,583 applicants are licensed in to MHUs.

     The Multi-family Lease and Repair Program (MLRP) provides funds to make
flood-damaged rental units livable again in order to lease them as temporary
housing for eligible survivors. There are currently 20 units occupied with
another 25 units available.

     The Shelter at Home program is a FEMA-funded repair program that is
implemented by the State. The program provides eligible survivors with up to
$15,000 in necessary repairs to make their homes safe, habitable and secure.
More than 21,600 Louisianans applied for repair assistance through Shelter at
Home.



 Public Assistance



 In response to the August flooding, FEMA increased the federal cost share for
infrastructure recovery from 75 percent to 90 percent, permitting public
assistance applicants to pay only 10 percent of the cost. Overall, $222.6
million in disaster assistance has been awarded by FEMA's Public Assistance
program for flood-related costs such as:



     Emergency response operations;

     Road reconstruction;

     Temporary facilities;

     Police vehicles; and

     Debris removal.

     The Public Assistance program is helping the state of Louisiana and local
jurisdictions to fund debris removal operations. The flooding generated an
estimated 4 million cubic yards of debris; to date, 99 percent of that has been
removed.



 Hazard Mitigation



     The Community Education Outreach program, which offers mitigation
information to residents and business owners, has assisted over 50,000
individuals at disaster recovery centers, special events and home improvement
stores.

     Floodplain Management and Insurance has conducted over 59,000 inspections
to assist local officials in making substantial damage determinations.



 NFIP Claims



 The National Flood Insurance Program has paid out $1.7 billion on more than
29,000 claims. FEMA recommends homeowners and renters invest in flood insurance;
residents do not have to live in a floodplain to be eligible for flood insurance
and its benefits.



 SBA Assistance



 The U.S. Small Business Administration has approved more than 16,000
low-interest disaster loans totaling more than $1.1 billion. While these loans
cannot duplicate benefits from insurance or other federal aid, they are
available to businesses, private nonprofits, homeowners and renters.



 Disaster Unemployment Assistance



 Nearly 1,300 applications for Disaster Unemployment Assistance were approved
for more than $1.3 million. This assistance goes directly to survivors who lost
their jobs due to the flooding.



 Volunteer Agency Assistance



 Volunteers have provided more than 700,000 hours in support of the recovery
process.



     Trained volunteers have provided crisis counseling to more than 1,400
survivors at DRCs and in the communities.

     AmeriCorps has coordinated muck and gut operations on more than 500
flood-damaged homes.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: November 23, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              34 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       Sarasota Herald-Tribune (Florida)

                            July 13, 2005 Wednesday
                              Correction Appended
                               CHARLOTTE EDITION

Affordable-housing plan OK'd by county;
County OKs $19 million plan to boost affordable housing

BYLINE: By PATRICK WHITTLE patrick.whittle@heraldtribune.com

SECTION: B SECTION; Pg. BC1

LENGTH: 771 words

DATELINE: CHARLOTTE COUNTY


Charlotte County approved a spending plan Tuesday for $19 million in state aid
that will be poured into rebuilding the county's affordable housing stock while
helping low-income residents buy homes.

The plan, unanimously approved by the County Commission, dedicates more than $11
million to building and repairing rental units and assisting renters and
landlords. It pegs more than $500,000 to help hurricane victims pay rent.

The proposal also provides nearly $1.2 million in down payment assistance for
low- and moderate-income families.

Charley destroyed more than 10,000 homes in Charlotte County, many of them older
homes that formed the bedrock of the rental housing market.

County Housing Coordinator Loraine Helber said a key facet of the county's plan
is that it sets aside more than half the money for rental programs and to
rebuild rental housing.

"The county does view the rental crisis as very serious. We had a rental crisis
before Charley, so we think we have quite a challenge," Helber said.

The county's plan outlines a series of 16 grant and loan programs for which
residents, developers, homeowners and property owners can apply.

County Commissioner Tom D'Aprile said it's important that the county use the $19
million to help its working population find housing.

"It's not just for anybody," D'Aprile said. "I want to make sure that none of
these funds are spent unwisely or without investigating the person who is
receiving it."

Several of the strategies in the plan for lower-income homeowners require them
to return grant money or loans if they don't stay in their homes for certain
lengths of time.

But Commissioner Sara Devos said she wanted to also make sure that those homes
stay in the county's stock of affordable housing. She voiced concerns that
people would sell their houses to capitalize on rising property values.

Those concerns didn't stop Devos from backing the plan.

"The point isn't getting our money back," she said. "The point is keeping that
home in our affordable housing inventory."

The programs include:

* Down-payment assistance in the form of 15-year, no interest loans. The loans,
available to very low- to moderate-income residents, would range from $15,000 to
$30,000.

* Up to $2,000 per household to Charlotte County hurricane victims who move from
Federal Emergency Management Agency housing. The money can be used for first and
last month's rent and a security deposit.

* More than $880,000 in no interest loans to repair or rebuild homes and
condominiums where the owner lives. The loans, up to $30,000 each, can be also
used to make homes more resistant to hurricanes.

* $3.1 million for the construction of new affordable multi-family rental
complexes. The money allows developers to apply for 20-year, zero-interest
loans. The complexes would serve "low, very low and extremely low" income
families.

* $750,000 for an affordable housing land trust that developers could use to
build single-family homes, duplexes and triplexes. They would be for sale and
for rent, Helber said. Developers could apply for up to $50,000 per unit to
build the homes, which would serve extremely low to moderate income residents.

* More than $2.8 million for special needs housing. The money, in the form of
grants and loans, could be used to buy land or build homes specifically for that
segment of the population.

Gov. Jeb Bush approved the $19 million in May as part of a statewide effort to
rebuild affordable housing from the 2004 hurricanes.

Helber put together the plan based on recommendations from two countywide
housing committees and feedback from the County Commission. The commissioners
first discussed the plan June 28.

The plan will go to the state, which must approve it before the county receives
the money. Helber believes that could happen as soon as next month.

The county has two years to commit the $19 million and three years to spend it,
Helber said. She said a one-year extension may be possible.

Helber said she hopes Charlotte can begin receiving money and starting projects
in the fall.

How it helps

Some of the strategies in the county's $19 million affordable housing plan: Down
payment assistance loans up to $30,000 for extremely low- to moderate-income
home buyers.

Rental assistance grants up to $2,000 for hurricane victims. Homeowner
rehabilitation loans up to $30,000 for extremely low- to moderate-income
hurricane victims.

Mobile home moving assistance loans up to $15,000 and replacement loans up to
$50,000.

Landlord assistance grants up to $3,000 to help property owners bridge the gap
between market price and affordable rent.

Staff writer Jamie Manfuso contributed to this report.

LOAD-DATE: July 20, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

CORRECTION-DATE: July 16, 2005



CORRECTION: A story that ran Wednesday inaccurately explained how a planned
community land trust in Charlotte County would work. The land trust would
partner with developers to build homes. None of the units could be located on
land valued at more than $50,000.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2005 Sarasota Herald-Tribune Co.


                              35 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                             India Investment News

                       July 10, 2014 Thursday 6:30 AM EST

Pennsylvania Housing Finance Agency: Corbett Administration Announces
Investments in Housing Made throughout Marcellus Shale Region

LENGTH: 531  words


July 10 -- Governor Tom Corbett today announced investments in housing made by
his administration across the Marcellus Shale region to address needs created by
the growing natural gas industry presence in Pennsylvania.

Since 2011, $49.8 million from natural gas and federal funding sources has been
invested in housing initiatives by the Corbett administration. The impact of
that funding has been multiplied by leveraging it to attract additional
investments of $311.5 million from the private sector and other public sources.

This funding has been used to construct new housing and to rehabilitate existing
housing, depending on which approach was deemed best to address housing
shortages in communities. Investments have been made in both single-family and
rental housing.

"We've made solid progress addressing housing needs in Marcellus Shale counties,
and we've done it in a smart way," said Governor Corbett. "We haven't imposed a
Harrisburg-based solution on local leaders. As the funding from natural gas
impact fees has become available, we've directed those dollars back to where
they can do the most good as identified in community-led proposals."

The Pennsylvania Housing Affordability and Rehabilitation Enhancement (PHARE)
program has distributed $16.7 million supporting 59 local housing proposals in
26 counties since 2012. That capital has been used to leverage additional
funding of $160 million to be invested in new housing construction and the
rehabilitation of existing housing.

The impact fee funding is collected from natural gas companies drilling in
Pennsylvania by the state's Public Utility Commission. Administered by the
Pennsylvania Housing Finance Agency (PHFA), the PHARE funding has been used to
address housing needs through a variety of approaches:

484 new rental units have been created

42 new single-family homes have been constructed

490 homes have been rehabilitated

518 households have been supported with rental assistance

272 existing homes have been acquired for future development

Low-income housing tax credits (LIHTC) are another source of funding the
administration has effectively applied to expand affordable housing
opportunities in the Marcellus Shale region.

Since 2011, $16 million in LIHTCs and $17.1 million in PennHOMES funding have
been provided for the construction or rehabilitation of 22 multi-family
developments in Marcellus Shale counties. The impact of the tax credits has been
multiplied by leveraging them to provide an additional $151.5 million investment
by the private sector in these developments.

"Tax credits provide a valuable tool for using public dollars to attract private
investment in housing, considerably expanding their economic impact," said
Governor Corbett. "Once constructed or rehabilitated, these multi-family
buildings will provide affordable housing for a minimum of 30 years, so the
benefit for Pennsylvania families is long-lasting."

Through the allocation of this LIHTC and PennHOMES funding, 1,037 rental units
have been either created or preserved. It is estimated that 1,309 construction
jobs have been created.

LIHTCs are provided by the U.S. Department of the Treasury and administered by
PHFA.

LOAD-DATE: July 10, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


                           Copyright 2014 Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              36 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             August 29, 2016 Monday

Washington: Federal Support Continues for Survivors in Louisiana

LENGTH: 522  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: Federal Emergency Management Agency has issued the following news
release:



 The Federal Emergency Management Agency (FEMA), along with other federal
agencies, state and local governments, and volunteers from around the country,
continues to support and assist flood survivors in Louisiana.



 Since President Obama's major disaster declaration to 20 parishes in South
Louisiana, more than 128,000 households registered for FEMA assistance - with
FEMA approving more than $385 million for survivors so far. That includes $108
million in advanced flood insurance payments and $277 million for temporary
rental assistance, essential home repairs, and other disaster-related needs.

 Housing Assistance:

 As housing remains a priority for state and federal officials, Louisiana's
Shelter At Home Program, funded by FEMA, is now accepting applications. This
allows residents who qualify to safely live in their own homes as temporary
shelters while they plan and carry out permanent repairs. Detailed information,
guidelines and online pre-registration for the Shelter at Home program are
available at www.ShelteratHome.Louisiana.gov.

 In addition to the state's Shelter at Home program, the Multi Family Lease and
Repair Program may provide funds to make rental units livable again in order to
lease them to provide temporary housing to eligible disaster survivors.
Interested property owners can call 225-382-1464 or email
fema-ia-dhops@fema.dhs.gov

 Rental property resources may be found at www.lahousingsearch.com .

 FEMA has 22 open Disaster Recovery Centers where survivors can meet
face-to-face with recovery specialists. To find the nearest Disaster Recovery
Center visit www.fema.gov/DRC, More than 1,700 families are being housed in
hotels or motels through FEMA 's Transitional Sheltering Assistance program to
provide short-term lodging for eligible survivors who are currently residing in
a personal vehicle, hotel or motel, shelter, or place of employment.

 In addition, the U.S. Small Business Administration is providing low interest
loans to Louisiana survivors and businesses to assist with uninsured and
underinsured flood-related losses. So far, the SBA has approved $56 million in
disaster loans.

 U. S. Housing and Urban Development Secretary Juli&aacute;n Castro visited
Baton Rouge Thursday, meeting with Governor Edwards, touring two public housing
sites, and visiting the Baton Rouge DRC.  HUD has 24 staff in Baton Rouge
working to deliver housing and sheltering solutions to transition survivors from
congregate shelters to temporary housing solutions. HUD's response team will
prioritize damage assessment and re-housing of HUD-assisted residents. While HUD
is and will continue assessing the extent of damages, and have taken several
actions:

 Assisting the state of Louisiana and local governments in re-allocating federal
resources toward disaster relief:



   Granting immediate foreclosure relief.



   Making mortgage insurance available.



   Offering loan guarantee assistance.






 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: August 30, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              37 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     High Point Enterprise (North Carolina)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             August 17, 2009 Monday

Clara Cox plan wins more funding

BYLINE: Pat Kimbrough, High Point Enterprise, N.C.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 425 words


Aug. 17--HIGH POINT -- The future looks brighter for a High Point Housing
Authority redevelopment project after recent news that it's been awarded funding
for an upcoming phase of the planned community.

The authority was notified by the North Carolina Housing Finance Agency earlier
this month that it will receive $1.272 million in federal low-income housing tax
credits for phase two of Clara Cox Homes, a development for predominately
low-income and public housing residents in southeast High Point.

The authority also was awarded $8.496 million in tax credit assistance funding
through the same agency for phase two. The first phase of the project has yet to
commence, though funding has been secured through tax credit investments by
SunTrust Banks Inc.

The authority is planning a $28 million, three-phase project primarily made up
of multi-family rental units. The agency has been working to find funding since
the former Clara Cox Homes housing project was demolished in 2005.

"After the Clara Cox housing site was demolished, it seemed like all efforts to
get public funds or private development to replace the housing was nowhere to be
found," said Bob Davis, chairman of the authority's board of commissioners. "The
ultimate goals of the (authority) are to complete the Clara Cox site and to
continue to rehabilitate the surrounding area into a beautiful and livable place
for the community and citizens."

Davis said "ground should be possibly broken" in September on phase one of the
project -- 80 low-income rental units on 7.4 acres at 621 E. Grimes Ave.

The second phase calls for 92 garden and townhome units on 6.18 acres. The
authority described the project as "an affordable, multi-family community that
looks and lives like a market rate community," complete with amenities such as a
swimming pool, community building with a computer center, meeting room and other
features.

Commissioner Mike Ellerbe said the authority is seeking to make Clara Cox "the
flagship of the new model for public housing in High Point. The CEO and staff
are to be commended for their tireless and committed work to make this project a
reality."

To see more of the High Point Enterprise, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go
to http://www.hpe.com. Copyright (c) 2009, High Point Enterprise, N.C.
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: August 17, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20090817-HP-Clara-Cox-plan-wins-more-funding-0817

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: HP


                      Copyright 2009 High Point Enterprise


                              38 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                      Copyright 2016 Zoom Information Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                            Zoom Company Information

                                   July 2016

                        Sensible Home Management Company

                                 P.O. Box 6394
                              Bellevue,  WA 98008
                                 United States

* * * * * * * * * * COMMUNICATIONS * * * * * * * * * *
TELEPHONE: (425) 372-7226
URL: www.sensiblehomemanagement.com

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
EMPLOYEES: 12

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *

   Sensible Home Management manages many types of rental properties from
Kirkland to Tacoma. We manage both single and multi-family housing units. We
also offer assistance with community or association management needs. The
Sensible Home Management Team serves the Seattle, Bellevue, Kirkland, and all of
King County. Our slogan says it all ""Taking the stress out of rentals" We will
provide every thing you need to make that happen and assure your rental property
is well taken care of.  Sensible Home Management Company is a team dedicated to
helping you manage all aspects of housing communities, single/multi-family
homes, homeowner and condominium associations. Always ready and available
provide professional property management services from rent collection,
submitting of work orders, and solving customer concerns quickly.  The rental
team will work with you to find the most suitable housing for your needs. We
will For those looking to rent we are about providing assistance with rentals
they can afford. And with our high ranking search engine positions, we will
provide your rentals with the best possible exposure in Kirkland and the other
areas we serve. Browse through the pictures we have of our properties. We offer
our tenants online payment services, online requests for work orders, and check
out the FAQ's section for anything you might want to know quickly. If you have
any questions, don't hesitate to email or call us. We are available for you.
Also, if your ready? Consider ou

* * * * * * * * * * FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *

REVENUE: USD 2,400,000

LOAD-DATE: July 14, 2016


                              39 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Laurel Leader-Call (Mississippi)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             March 17, 2009 Tuesday

City officially receives half-million dollar grant

BYLINE: Eloria Newell James, Laurel Leader-Call, Miss.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 508 words


Mar. 17--The City of Laurel officially received a half million dollar grant
designed to assist local homebuyers.

Laurel Mayor Melvin Mack and Mary Edmonson with the City of Laurel's Housing
Development Office made the official announcement in a press conference Monday
at Laurel City Hall.

Mack and Edmonson said the $500,000 Homebuyers Assistance Funds are being
handled by the Mississippi Development Authority.

Under the HOME Investment Partnerships Program, the Department of Housing and
Urban Development (HUD) allocated funds by formula among eligible state and
local governments to strengthen public-private partnerships to provide more
affordable housing.

Edmonson said participating jurisdictions may use HOME funds to carry out
housing strategies through homebuyer assistance, homeowner
rehabilitation/reconstruction, new construction/substantial rehabilitation of
multi-family rental housing, and tenant-based rental assistance.

"Homebuyer Assistant grants are made to units of local government -- in this
case the City of Laurel -- and to Community Housing Development Organizations to
provide assistance to credit worthy families in purchasing a home," Edmonson
explained. "The city will be able to help homebuyers by providing down payment
assistance or buying down the mortgage to eliminate high monthly payments."

Mack said the city expects to be able to "assist 20 worthy homeowners. This is
bringing taxes into the City of Laurel."

Mack said the important thing about the grant is that it is cash money and
requires no matching funds from the city or the homebuyer.

"This is just one of the things the city is doing to help its residents," the
mayor said. "We are real excited about this grant and we believe more will
come."

Mack commended Edmonson and her office for the work done to secure this grant.

"We started out applying for this grant in May of last year and we just got it
this month," Edmonson said. "We just tell applicants that they need to exercise
a little patience."

Mack said the City's Housing Development Office and the Laurel Housing Authority
have really worked hard to meet residents' housing needs.

"I want to make sure that everyone who has a need get all the opportunities
available to them," Edmonson said.

Mack, who has been working to improve the city, said adequate housing is an
important part of the city's progress.

"More new homes have been built in the city over the past four year span than
any four-year span before," the mayor said. "We are very happy with the progress
being made by Ms. Kay Guy and the Laurel Housing Authority and Mary Edmonson and
the City's Housing Development Office."

To see more of the Laurel Leader-Call or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.leadercall.com. Copyright (c) 2009, Laurel Leader-Call, Miss.
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: March 20, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20090317-LH-City-officially-receives-half-million-dollar-grant-0317

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: LH


                                 Copyright 2009


                              40 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            February 6, 2017 Monday

Rental crunch hits hard in Yakima County

LENGTH: 1374  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington, DC: American Planning Association has issued the following news
release



  Katy Cole , a single mother of five, spent six years on a waiting list to get
rental assistance from the Yakima Housing Authority , scrimping each month to
pay her rent.



 "It's always a struggle because you have to carry money over from one paycheck
to another just to pay rent," she said.





 She's not alone.



 Yakima County has long grappled with a shortage of affordable housing, making
it difficult at best for financially struggling residents to secure a place to
live.



 The Yakima Housing Authority has a waiting list of more than 1,900 people
seeking vouchers that help pay rent. Jammed with applicants and with few places
to house them, it stopped accepting new applications five years ago.



 "That's the worst part of this job -- we are there to provide housing, but we
have to turn people away," said Amanda Delp , a housing authority supervisor.
"We just don't have the resources to offer them. There are people who stay with
other families; there are people who live in their cars."



 Cole, who works part time packaging hardware supplies, was recently approved to
receive rental assistance.



 She considers the help a hand up, rather than a handout, and plans to further
her education and eventually get off housing assistance. Last month, she
enrolled at Yakima Valley College and aspires to become a nursing assistant.



 "I have that mindset -- OK, if they are going to help me, what can I do to
better myself so I don't have to use them ever again?" she said.



 Cole recently attempted to move from her three-bedroom duplex into a house, but
the landlord wanted a deposit immediately and seemed uninterested after learning
she would be using a rental voucher, she said.



 "They made me feel like they didn't want to deal with (a voucher)," she said.



 A 2 percent vacancy rate in the rental market here has led to more competition
for rental units and increasing requirements from landlords.



 A slew of requirements have become standard, including credit and criminal
background checks, nonrefundable application fees and additional security
deposits for animals.



 All this on top of first and last month's rent and the conventional security
deposit.



 Given the tight rental market, landlords are more apt to turn away those
receiving rental assistance when they have plenty of gainfully employed
applicants to choose from, said Roger Wilson with Wilson Real Estate Management.




 "Let's say we had a 10 percent vacancy rate, then maybe those landlords
wouldn't be as picky," he said.



 Meanwhile, most government subsidized housing units are occupied.



 Next Step Housing in Yakima , for example, only has about three vacancies a
year out of its 76 units, said its deputy director, Diana McClaskey . She gets
about five applications a week from people seeking housing, and has about 100
people on a waiting list.



 "It's so crazy; I get calls every day and we don't get a lot of turnover," she
said. "It's nice housing, and it's affordable."



 And the Housing Authority's 485 units are always full, Delp said.



 "There's nothing available for the low-income."



 Inside the market



 Wilson manages about 1,000 rental units, where vacancies can fluctuate from 15
to 30 units -- a rate of 1.5 to 3 percent.



 The units span from high- to low-end properties, he said.



 In recent years, there has been an increase in renters seeking mid- to high-end
properties, he said.



 "We've got people moving into town who are willing to pay $2,000 a month for
rent while building a home," he said.



 But the mid- and lower markets account for the bulk of renters, said Sue Nelson
, owner of Daybreak Property Management.



 She said most of the 440 rental units she manages are two-bedroom duplexes
built in the 1970s; they go for about $825 a month. She has one-bedroom
apartments that go for $580 a month.



 "And that's the cheapest in the not-so-desirable area," Nelson said. "In May, I
will probably raise rents. If they've been there for a couple of years, then
they're below market."



 She has a duplex on Ninth Avenue that's vacant. "Yeah, and five people want
it," she said.



 Nelson said the rental market was looser during the Great Recession, when
property values plummeted.



 "People upside-down on their homes rented them out rather than selling," she
said.



 But now many of those homes are for sale as property values continue to
rebound.



 Without much new construction of affordable housing, the rental market
continues to grow tighter, she said.



 In the city of Yakima alone, about 46 percent of residents rent compared to
about 35 percent statewide, according to recent Census data.



 Cost of construction often outweighs the revenue that low-income housing would
generate, said Nelson, who has managed properties in Yakima since 1979.



 "You can't afford to build for low-income unless you get tax (government)
credits," she said.



 The requirements



 Most landlords charge about $30 to $40 for an initial application that will
check credit and criminal background. The fee is nonrefundable whether or not
the applicant gets the place.



 Pet deposits can cost anywhere from $300 to $600 per pet and most aren't
refundable, depending on the landlord.



 Nelson charges $500 a pet, but offers a refund if no damage is done. Pets are
not allowed in her multi-family units.



 "They're just not practical," she said. "If the yard isn't fenced or it's a
duplex and you have a Great Dane, logic just says 'no.'"



 Most property managers require that a tenant earn three times the cost of rent.




 Then, of course, there's first and last month's rent, a standard security
deposit, and any hookup fees for utilities.



 Depending on the cost of rent, the security deposit and whether pets are
involved, moving into a place can easily cost about $3,000 , although there are
options for less-desirable properties.



 Applicants are often turned away because they don't earn enough or have poor
credit, Nelson said.



 "I try to be fair and I look at the application and say, 'You don't make enough
money,'" she said. "And if they owe rent to a previous landlord, I'm not going
to rent to them. Pay your landlord and then I'll talk to you."



 Although there are programs geared to help low-income people with housing,
landlords aren't quick to rent to them, Wilson said.



 "People who don't plan and end up on the streets may be the less-desirable
tenants anyway because of the circumstances that put them there," he said.



 Also, landlords aren't excited about the annual housing inspections required by
the U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development , which funds housing
vouchers and other rental assistance programs.



 "A lot of landlords would rather not deal with all the regulations surrounding
those requirements," Wilson said.



 Some communities on the west side of the state have enacted local ordinances
preventing landlords from discriminating against those receiving rental
assistance, said Lowel Krueger , executive director of the housing authority.



 "We can pass local ordinances here that basically say you cannot discriminate
against someone just because they have a housing voucher," he said.



 Without such an ordinance, low-income earners and those on assistance have
fewer options.



 That's what Kathy Crawford says happened to her. She says she's facing eviction
after repeatedly complaining about a mold problem that became visible months
after moving into a two-bedroom house near Yakima Valley College .



 She rents the place for $675 a month with her fiance and their two children.
Both have jobs.



 "It wouldn't be such a concern to me if we didn't have kids in the mix,"
Crawford said.



 She took the place after paying several application fees to other landlords,
only to be turned down, she said.



 For this place, there were no application fees or income requirements, and the
rent was cheaper than most places, she said.



 "Once you move in here and live here, you'll understand why it's so cheap,"
Crawford said.



 She's refusing to move during winter.



 "We don't know what we're going to do," she said. "I honestly don't know what
we're going to do."



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: February 7, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2017 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              41 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           September 6, 2016 Tuesday

USDA Announces Initiative to Provide Transitional Housing for Rural Americans in
Recovery from Substance Use Disorders

LENGTH: 1143  words

DATELINE: New York



 Phoenix: U.S Department of Agriculture, The State of Arizona has issued the
following news release:



 Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack today announced an initiative that will use
USDA's rural development resources to help fill the need for transitional
housing for people recovering from opioid and other substance use disorders. In
January, President Obama tasked Vilsack, who is chair of the White House Rural
Council, with leading a federal interagency effort focused on rural opioid use.
The initiative is the result of a conversation Secretary Vilsack had in May in
New Hampshire at the Hillsborough County Superior Court, where individuals
involved with the state's drug court program told him that a lack of access to
affordable housing made it challenging for participants to successfully complete
their recovery from addiction.





 The initiative includes:



     Encouraging the use of USDA Community Facilities financing for transitional
housing projects;

     Making vacant USDA housing properties available for lease or sale to
qualified non-profits to transform the properties into transitional housing;

     Launching a pilot project to make vacant USDA multifamily rental units
available to tenants participating in treatment programs;

     Releasing a suite of data that will better link existing USDA facilities
with treatment service providers across the country.



 "The journey from having a substance use disorder to recovery requires
understanding, treatment, and support," said Vilsack. "But too often that
journey is not completed because of a lack of safe, affordable housing options
for those on their way back to being healthy, contributing members of our
communities. The opioid epidemic is hitting rural America especially hard and
there are few options for transitional housing. Today's actions will lead to
more options for those in recovery."



 In the first of the transitional housing actions announced today, USDA Rural
Development's Rural Housing Service is instructing its field staff that
Community Facilities program financing may be used for the construction,
expansion and improvement of transitional housing facilities. The CF program
provides affordable funding to develop essential community facilities in rural
areas, such as hospitals and schools. Additionally, the CF program can be used
as a financing tool for non-profit organizations considering the purchase of
existing properties for the purpose of transitional housing. In order to be
eligible, transitional housing facilities must provide supportive services to
rural residents to help them recover and prepare them to live independently
within two years.



 Rural Development also instructed staff today that it is encouraging the sale
of single-family homes and multi-family properties that are exiting USDA's Real
Estate Owned (REO) housing program to qualified non-profit organizations that
would convert them into transitional housing facilities. REO properties are
houses owned by USDA as a result of foreclosure. The single-family REO
initiative is effective in the 22 states where the REOs are managed by that
state's Rural Development office.



 As part of this effort, the Secretary also announced a "Contract for Deed"
pilot in the Single Family Housing program that would make USDA-held REOs
available for purchase at below-market-rate cost by qualified non-profits
providing housing for homeless individuals recovering from substance use
disorder. The local non-profit would manage the property for the benefit of the
individual and community, paying the taxes, making needed repairs and handling
other responsibilities. They would have two years to complete the purchase
transaction, and may use RHS financing, if available. The pilot is limited to a
maximum of fifteen REO properties in the states of New Hampshire, Vermont,
Nevada and Missouri.



 The third action is a pilot project that would incentivize owners of USDA
multi-family rental housing properties to rent to those in recovery by making
hard-to-fill vacant units that are currently unsubsidized eligible for rental
assistance if they are occupied by a current participant of a drug court
program. Drug court programs have been proven to successfully reduce substance
dependence and reduce criminal recidivism because they require participants to
fulfill court mandated treatment and recovery requirements. The pilot program is
open to facilities in New Hampshire, Vermont, Nevada and Missouri.



 Finally, USDA is harnessing the power of open data in order to most effectively
target our resources and to allow individuals in recovery to better locate USDA
assistance. USDA's Rural Housing Service has released data on its portfolio of
Community Facilities loans, guarantees, and grants across the country, which
include hospitals, health clinics, group homes, and mental and behavioral health
treatment facilities, to Data.gov and policymap.com , an online data mapping
platform, where it can be visually overlaid with other indicators on substance
use and recovery services. This new data supplements existing multi-family
property and single-family housing data that the Agency recently released
publicly. For example, the public can now mapThis is an external link or
third-party site outside of the United States Department of Agriculture (USDA)
website. USDA multi-family and single-family housing properties and locate
nearby Drug and Alcohol Treatment Centers using the latest Substance Abuse and
Mental Health Administration (SAMHSA) data. Users can further determine which
centers provide opioid addiction treatment and use telemedicine, among many
other attributes.



 During a roundtable discussion in Abingdon, Va., in June, Secretary Vilsack
heard from community health leaders that collocating services for individuals in
recovery can be a successful tool, so that individuals in rural areas are not
faced with long drives from one facility to the next, such as from recovery
housing to a treatment facility. This new data will allow USDA to better target
resources where they can have the most effect.



 Since 2009, USDA Rural Development (@USDARDThis is an external link or
third-party site outside of the United States Department of Agriculture (USDA)
website.) has invested nearly $13 billion to start or expand nearly 112,000
rural businesses; helped 1.1 million rural residents buy homes; funded nearly
9,200 community facilities such as schools, public safety and health care
facilities; and helped bring high-speed Internet access to nearly 6 million
rural residents and businesses. USDA also has invested $31.3 billion in 963
electric projects that have financed more than 185,000 miles of transmission and
distribution lines serving 4.6 million rural residents.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content please contact:
editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: September 7, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              42 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           September 6, 2016 Tuesday

USDA Announces Initiative to Provide Transitional Housing for Rural Americans in
Recovery from Substance Use Disorders

LENGTH: 1143  words

DATELINE: New York



 Phoenix: U.S Department of Agriculture, The State of Arizona has issued the
following news release:

 Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack today announced an initiative that will use
USDA's rural development resources to help fill the need for transitional
housing for people recovering from opioid and other substance use disorders. In
January, President Obama tasked Vilsack, who is chair of the White House Rural
Council, with leading a federal interagency effort focused on rural opioid use.
The initiative is the result of a conversation Secretary Vilsack had in May in
New Hampshire at the Hillsborough County Superior Court, where individuals
involved with the state's drug court program told him that a lack of access to
affordable housing made it challenging for participants to successfully complete
their recovery from addiction.





 The initiative includes:



     Encouraging the use of USDA Community Facilities financing for transitional
housing projects;

     Making vacant USDA housing properties available for lease or sale to
qualified non-profits to transform the properties into transitional housing;

     Launching a pilot project to make vacant USDA multifamily rental units
available to tenants participating in treatment programs;

     Releasing a suite of data that will better link existing USDA facilities
with treatment service providers across the country.



 "The journey from having a substance use disorder to recovery requires
understanding, treatment, and support," said Vilsack. "But too often that
journey is not completed because of a lack of safe, affordable housing options
for those on their way back to being healthy, contributing members of our
communities. The opioid epidemic is hitting rural America especially hard and
there are few options for transitional housing. Today's actions will lead to
more options for those in recovery."



 In the first of the transitional housing actions announced today, USDA Rural
Development's Rural Housing Service is instructing its field staff that
Community Facilities program financing may be used for the construction,
expansion and improvement of transitional housing facilities. The CF program
provides affordable funding to develop essential community facilities in rural
areas, such as hospitals and schools. Additionally, the CF program can be used
as a financing tool for non-profit organizations considering the purchase of
existing properties for the purpose of transitional housing. In order to be
eligible, transitional housing facilities must provide supportive services to
rural residents to help them recover and prepare them to live independently
within two years.



 Rural Development also instructed staff today that it is encouraging the sale
of single-family homes and multi-family properties that are exiting USDA's Real
Estate Owned (REO) housing program to qualified non-profit organizations that
would convert them into transitional housing facilities. REO properties are
houses owned by USDA as a result of foreclosure. The single-family REO
initiative is effective in the 22 states where the REOs are managed by that
state's Rural Development office.



 As part of this effort, the Secretary also announced a "Contract for Deed"
pilot in the Single Family Housing program that would make USDA-held REOs
available for purchase at below-market-rate cost by qualified non-profits
providing housing for homeless individuals recovering from substance use
disorder. The local non-profit would manage the property for the benefit of the
individual and community, paying the taxes, making needed repairs and handling
other responsibilities. They would have two years to complete the purchase
transaction, and may use RHS financing, if available. The pilot is limited to a
maximum of fifteen REO properties in the states of New Hampshire, Vermont,
Nevada and Missouri.



 The third action is a pilot project that would incentivize owners of USDA
multi-family rental housing properties to rent to those in recovery by making
hard-to-fill vacant units that are currently unsubsidized eligible for rental
assistance if they are occupied by a current participant of a drug court
program. Drug court programs have been proven to successfully reduce substance
dependence and reduce criminal recidivism because they require participants to
fulfill court mandated treatment and recovery requirements. The pilot program is
open to facilities in New Hampshire, Vermont, Nevada and Missouri.



 Finally, USDA is harnessing the power of open data in order to most effectively
target our resources and to allow individuals in recovery to better locate USDA
assistance. USDA's Rural Housing Service has released data on its portfolio of
Community Facilities loans, guarantees, and grants across the country, which
include hospitals, health clinics, group homes, and mental and behavioral health
treatment facilities, to Data.gov and policymap.com , an online data mapping
platform, where it can be visually overlaid with other indicators on substance
use and recovery services. This new data supplements existing multi-family
property and single-family housing data that the Agency recently released
publicly. For example, the public can now mapThis is an external link or
third-party site outside of the United States Department of Agriculture (USDA)
website. USDA multi-family and single-family housing properties and locate
nearby Drug and Alcohol Treatment Centers using the latest Substance Abuse and
Mental Health Administration (SAMHSA) data. Users can further determine which
centers provide opioid addiction treatment and use telemedicine, among many
other attributes.



 During a roundtable discussion in Abingdon, Va., in June, Secretary Vilsack
heard from community health leaders that collocating services for individuals in
recovery can be a successful tool, so that individuals in rural areas are not
faced with long drives from one facility to the next, such as from recovery
housing to a treatment facility. This new data will allow USDA to better target
resources where they can have the most effect.



 Since 2009, USDA Rural Development (@USDARDThis is an external link or
third-party site outside of the United States Department of Agriculture (USDA)
website.) has invested nearly $13 billion to start or expand nearly 112,000
rural businesses; helped 1.1 million rural residents buy homes; funded nearly
9,200 community facilities such as schools, public safety and health care
facilities; and helped bring high-speed Internet access to nearly 6 million
rural residents and businesses. USDA also has invested $31.3 billion in 963
electric projects that have financed more than 185,000 miles of transmission and
distribution lines serving 4.6 million rural residents.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content please contact:
editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: September 7, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              43 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       TELEGRAM & GAZETTE (Massachusetts)

                            February 8, 2013 Friday
                        DOUGLAS/GRAFTON/MILLBURY EDITION

Millbury bank gives $25,000 to fuel fund

SECTION: Pg. 7

LENGTH: 208 words

DATELINE: MILLBURY


For this winter's home heating season, Millbury Savings Bank has contributed
another $25,000 to its Community Energy Assistance Program, a fund the bank
established in 2005 to help eligible residents pay their home heating costs.
This brings the bank's total contributions to the program to $205,000.

The fund provides fuel assistance to households in the bank's lending area that
meet federal guidelines for low-income individuals. For qualifying applicants,
Millbury Savings Bank will pay up to $400 for oil and up to $300 for natural gas
or electric directly to the energy supplier. Last winter, more than 50 local
families received assistance.

While the program is coordinated through the Millbury Senior Center, it is not
limited to senior citizens or Millbury residents. Eligible properties include
owner-occupied, single-family residences or apartments. Ineligible properties
include subsidized housing, multi-family housing producing rental income (even
if owner-occupied), and apartments that include heat as part of the rent.

To apply, or to determine if you are eligible, contact the program's local
coordinator, Judith O'Connor, executive director of the Millbury Council on
Aging, at the Millbury Senior Center, 1 River St., (508) 865-9247.

LOAD-DATE: February 10, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2013 Worcester Telegram & Gazette, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              44 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       Sarasota Herald Tribune (Florida)

                            February 8, 2013 Friday

Millbury bank gives $25,000 to fuel fund

SECTION: Pg. 7

LENGTH: 210 words

DATELINE: MILLBURY


MILLBURY - For this winter's home heating season, Millbury Savings Bank has
contributed another $25,000 to its Community Energy Assistance Program, a fund
the bank established in 2005 to help eligible residents pay their home heating
costs. This brings the bank's total contributions to the program to $205,000.

The fund provides fuel assistance to households in the bank's lending area that
meet federal guidelines for low-income individuals. For qualifying applicants,
Millbury Savings Bank will pay up to $400 for oil and up to $300 for natural gas
or electric directly to the energy supplier. Last winter, more than 50 local
families received assistance.

While the program is coordinated through the Millbury Senior Center, it is not
limited to senior citizens or Millbury residents. Eligible properties include
owner-occupied, single-family residences or apartments. Ineligible properties
include subsidized housing, multi-family housing producing rental income (even
if owner-occupied), and apartments that include heat as part of the rent.

To apply, or to determine if you are eligible, contact the program's local
coordinator, Judith O'Connor, executive director of the Millbury Council on
Aging, at the Millbury Senior Center, 1 River St., (508) 865-9247.

LOAD-DATE: August 8, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: MILLBURY - For this winter's home heating season, Millbury Savings Bank
has contributed another $25,000 to its Community Energy Assistance Program, a
fund the bank established in 2005 to help eligible residents pay their home
heating costs. This brings the bank's total contributions to the program to
$205,000.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2013 Sarasota Herald-Tribune Co.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              45 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          September 21, 2016 Wednesday

Washington: HUD PUBLISHES EVALUATION OF RENTAL ASSISTANCE DEMONSTRATION

LENGTH: 867  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development has issued the
following news release:



 In 2012, Congress authorized the Rental Assistance Demonstration (RAD) to test
a new way of meeting the large and growing capital improvement needs of the
nation's aging public housing stock.  New research released today by the U.S.
Department of Housing and Urban Development (HUD), conducted by Econometrica
Inc., examines how RAD is performing and provides evidence that the program is
on track to accomplish its primary goal of attracting substantial new capital to
stabilize the physical and financial conditions of public housing properties
significantly improving housing conditions for low-income residents.





 HUD's Rental Assistance Demonstration Interim Report finds that by October of
2015, public housing authorities choosing to participate in the program
successfully generated $2.5 billion in new investment to preserve and improve
their public housing stock. HUD's evaluation discovered that early adopters of
RAD leveraged $9 in capital for every $1 of public housing funds, proving the
program capable of stimulating critically needed capital infusion to modernize
and transform the nation's public housing stock for low-income families,
elderly, and people with disabilities. PHAs have continued to have significant
success leveraging funds for modernization and, to-date, have attracted over
$60,000 per unit on average to replace outdated kitchens and baths, install
energy and water efficient appliances, and make other critical improvements to
preserve and, where needed, transform this affordable housing stock.



 "The Rental Assistance Demonstration is attracting substantial investment in a
budget environment where public dollars simply can't keep pace with the growing
backlog of capital needs facing our public housing authorities," said HUD
Secretary Juli&aacute;n Castro. "The early returns are in and RAD is proving
itself to be an exciting new tool that allows us to ensure safe, quality housing
for low-income Americans. As we continue to evaluate this demonstration, it's
already clear that RAD is helping to preserve an important piece of our nation's
affordable housing stock."



 In 2010, a study prepared for HUD estimated the backlog of capital needs among
the nearly 1.2 million public housing units to be approximately $26 billion,
with each subsequent year accruing an additional $3.4 billion in capital
needs.[1] Federal appropriations have been unable to keep pace with these
growing capital needs. As a result, an estimated 10,000 public housing units
fall into disrepair each year and are removed from operation. RAD was authorized
by Congress to help stem the loss of public housing units by allowing local
housing authorities to "convert" the current federal subsidy to a more stable
long-term financing model for up to 185,000 public housing units.



 Just as private owners of single- and multi-family housing routinely rely upon
debt financing as a means of undertaking physical improvements to their
properties, RAD allows public housing authorities to safely leverage other
sources of private capital, typically debt and equity, in order to finance
rehabilitation or in some cases completely replace distressed public housing. To
ensure that the housing remains permanently affordable, owners must agree to
long-term rental assistance contracts and use restrictions that automatically
renew as they expire. Combined with the physical improvements, these
requirements ensure that the housing remains affordable and in good condition
for decades to come.



 Fundamental to the design of RAD, current and future residents are provided a
robust set of rights and protections, including the right to return to the
property when repairs are completed. Further, HUD requires that a public or
non-profit entity must always maintain a controlling interest in the property,
even in the rare and unanticipated event of foreclosure, thus ensuring the
long-term public stewardship of the properties.



 In Fiscal Year 2017, HUD is requesting that Congress eliminate the current
185,000 unit-cap on public housing units that can convert without additional HUD
subsidy. PHAs have already applied and received initial awards up to this cap
and a waiting list has now formed. Eliminating the cap will allow every PHA that
wishes to participate the opportunity to leverage capital, as this report has
demonstrated is possible. The report also highlighted that some public housing
properties with more serious capital needs will not be able to be sufficiently
improved without additional subsidy, which is why HUD is also proposing to
provide $50 million to help local public housing agencies finance the deeper
recapitalization of tens of thousands of units of public housing.



 Phase II of HUD's evaluation will focus on how successful RAD is at improving
the physical and financial conditions of federally assisted properties and how
tenants have been impacted. The report will also update findings from the
interim report as more data becomes available.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:

 editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: November 21, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              46 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            June 29, 2016 Wednesday

Head Line: US Federal Contract Notice: Department of Agriculture (Michigan)
Issues Solicitation for "USDA RD MI-MFH MANAGER SERVICES"

LENGTH: 422  words

DATELINE: New York


WASHINGTON: Department of Agriculture, Rural Development officer has issued
requirement for "USDA RD MI-MFH MANAGER SERVICES"

Solicitation No: AG-5441-K-16-0019

Notice Type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
Posted Date: June 29, 2016

Description: ***  AMENDMENT 02 EXTENDS THE REPLY DATE TO JULY 14, 2016 4 P.M. ET
TO ESTABLISH COMPETITIVE RANGE. LIMITED REPLIES RECEIVED. PERFORMANCE WILL START
UPON CONTRACT AWARDS.  ***
***  AMENDMENT 01 EXTENDS THE DUE DATE FOR OFFERS TO JUNE 30 ***
This is a combined synopsis/solicitation for commercial services prepared in
accordance with the format prescribed in Federal Acquisition Regulation Subparts
12, 15 and 37, supplemented with additional information in this notice. THIS
ANNOUNCEMENT CONSTITUTES THE ONLY SOLICITATION; PPROPOSALS ARE BEING REQUESTED.


USDA Rural Development (RD) in Michigan requires management services for
Multi-Family Housing (MFH) properties per HB-2-3560 (MFH Asset Management
Handbook). Properties are expected to come into inventory during Fiscal Years
2016-2018. The typical MFH project is located in a rural area (less than 35,000
residents); has an average of 24-units in 2 buildings; rental assistance to some
tenants; average occupancy is 75%; projects are in good state of repair.
The Contractor shall furnish all necessary personnel, materials, and otherwise
do all things necessary to perform the required services as identified in the
solicitation. USDA RD anticipates awarding up to five (5) Blanket Purchase
Agreements (BPA) to This is a combined synopsis/solicitation for commercial
services prepared in accordance with the format prescribed in Federal
Acquisition Regulation Subparts 12, 15 and 37, supplemented with additional
information in this notice. THIS ANNOUNCEMENT CONSTITUTES THE ONLY SOLICITATION;
PPROPOSALS ARE BEING REQUESTED.
USDA Rural Development (RD) in Michigan requires management services for
Multi-Family Housing (MFH) properties per HB-2-3560 (MFH Asset Management
Handbook). Properties are expected to come into inventory during Fiscal Years
2016-2018. The typical MFH project is located in a rural area (less than 35,000
residents); has an average of 24-units in 2 buildings; rental assistance to some
tenants; average occupancy is 75%; projects are in good state of repair.

Set Aside: Total Small Business

The NAICS code number for this requirement: 531

Contact Details: 3001 Coolidge Road Sutie 200 East Lansing, Michigan 48823

Point of Contact(s): Karen D. Cooper, Contract Program Manager
karend.cooper@mi.usda.gov Phone: 517-324-5203


LOAD-DATE: June 29, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              47 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       Sarasota Herald Tribune (Florida)

                           January 27, 2011 Thursday

Millbury Savings Bank puts $25,000 in heating fund

SECTION: Pg. 3

LENGTH: 192 words

DATELINE: MILLBURY


MILLBURY - Millbury Savings Bank has contributed $25,000 to its Community Energy
Assistance Program, a fund the bank established in 2005 to help eligible
residents pay home heating costs. This brings the bank's total contributions to
the program to $155,000.

"We're happy to continue funding this important program," said bank President
William J. Walsh.

The program provides fuel assistance to households in the bank's lending area
that meet federal low-income guidelines. For qualifying applicants, Millbury
Savings Bank will pay up to $350 for oil and up to $300 for natural gas or
electric, directly to the energy supplier. While the program is coordinated
through the Millbury Senior Center, it is not limited to senior citizens or
Millbury residents.

Eligible properties include owner-occupied, single-family residences or
apartments. Ineligible properties include subsidized housing, multi-family
housing producing rental income (even if owner-occupied), and apartments that
include heat as part of the rent.

To apply, call the program's local coordinator, Judith O'Connor, executive
director of the Friends of the Millbury Seniors, at (508) 865-9247.

LOAD-DATE: August 8, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: MILLBURY - Millbury Savings Bank has contributed $25,000 to its
Community Energy Assistance Program, a fund the bank established in 2005 to help
eligible residents pay home heating costs. This brings the bank's total
contributions to the program to $155,000.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2011 Sarasota Herald-Tribune Co.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              48 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                     July 24, 1982, Saturday, Final Edition

Montgomery Rent Increases Moderating;
Most Were Under 10% After Controls Lifted

BYLINE: By Sandra Evans Teeley, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: Real Estate; Maryland And D.C.; F1

LENGTH: 909 words


The majority of Montgomery County's landlords have moderated rent increases,
keeping them "well within" a 10 percent a year voluntary guideline started in
January 1981 when rent controls expired, according to a new report by the
county's Office of Landlord-Tenant Affairs.

Despite fears by some that an end to controls would lead to huge annual
increases in rent, the trend is actually to smaller increases, said Richard J.
Ferrara, executive director of landlord-tenant affairs.

"We are even seeing some 4 and 5 percent rent increases now," Ferrara said.
"They were higher than that when we had rent controls."

The landlord-tenant office found that in the past three months--normally the
peak time of the year for rent increases--between 70 and 77 1/2 percent of all
landlords raised rents by less than 10 percent. Between 19.8 and 26.3 percent
had increases of 10 to 15 percent, and only 2.6 to 3.6 raised rents by more than
15 percent.

These increases were more moderate than in the same three months in 1981, the
first year when voluntary rent guidelines replaced rent controls, but even then
a majority of landlords were keeping the rises below 10 percent, the office
noted.

Ferrara attributed the lower rent increases mainly to a large number of
apartments going from condominium status to rentals because of the poor housing
market. While the rental vacancy rate in 1979 was 3.1 percent, it now is around
5 to 7 percent, he said.

In addition, inflation has moderated, and energy costs have declined, Ferrara
pointed out.

The landlord-tenant office also has done some jawboning to keep the increases
down, writing letters and generally "bothering" landlords who announce large
rent increases, he added. At the Rollingwood Apartments in Silver Spring, for
example, the landlords had proposed increases of about 50 percent but finally
negotiated down to 20 percent, Ferrara said.

Under the expired rent control law, landlords could not raise rents by more than
10 percent a year unless they could demonstrate that costs had risen above
certain levels. Starting at the end of January 1981, voluntary guidelines went
into effect by which apartments that had been under controls for a number of
years could rise 15 percent annually and those that had started renting more
recently could have 10 percent rises.

The rent increase statistics were part of a report the landlord-tenant affairs
office has prepared for the Montgomery County Council on six rental housing
assistance programs in the county. The county programs described in the report
are to be continued at least through the end of the fiscal year, which just
started in July, but County Executive Charles W. Gilchrist and the County
Council will be reassessing them as part of the review of next year's budget,
Ferrara explained.

While higher vacancies have helped keep rents in the county down generally, they
have done little to ameliorate a lack of low-income rental housing, Ferrara
said. This is because most of those multi-family units coming onto the market
were designed for sale and therefore are in the middle and upper rental ranges;
low-income rental apartments are not being built, he said.

The county is struggling with an end to federal funding of low-income housing
construction and is developing its own building program by which it hopes to add
500 new low-income rental units, he said.

All of the county's rental assistance programs together in fiscal 1982 aided
about 5,000 renting households, about half of them elderly, at a cost of $1.5
million, the report said.

Hardship Rental Assistance is a program directly related to the end of rent
controls. Under this program, the county pays for increases above the 10 percent
level for lower-income tenants. The cost in fiscal year 1982 was $307,654, and
1,579 persons now receive the assistance.

If rent increases continue to moderate, the cost of that program will decline,
Gilchrist noted in a memo accompanying the report to the council.

"I am convinced that this assistance has helped to avoid panic among the
relatively low number of tenants who received large rent increases following the
expiration of rent controls," Gilchrist said. He added, however, that it would
be inappropriate to discuss the continuation of the program beyond fiscal 1983,
and that it would have to be weighed against other budget priorities.

The Rent Supplement program, the largest and broadest that the county
administers, is due to expire at the end of June 1983. This cost $945,494 in
fiscal 1982 and served about 3,000 persons with incomes of up to $14,892. The
average grant was $30 to $40 a month.

Gilchrist said the program "has certainly been a great benefit for low- and
moderate-income tenants" but said he did not want to commit to extension of the
program now.

Other programs are more narrowly targeted, for the handicapped, the elderly and
for tenants displaced by condominium conversions.

The new construction program being implemented works basically the same way as
the federal government's Section 8 program, which the administration plans to
end completely soon. Eligible low-income tenants would have their rents
subsidized so they would pay no more than 30 percent of their income in rent at
designated projects.

Developers interested in building rental housing under the new program are to
submit proposals by July 31, and Ferrara said the county expects to get four or
six good proposals.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 1982 The Washington Post


                              49 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Las Cruces Sun-News (New Mexico)

                            September 7, 2007 Friday

Real Estate: Are you eligible for housing assistance?

BYLINE: By Annette West For the Sun-News

SECTION: BUSINESS

LENGTH: 794 words


The Section 8 Housing Choice Voucher Program is a federally funded program
managed by the Housing Authority of the City of Las Cruces and Doña Ana County.
The program helps low-income households by subsidizing the tenant's rents.

The subsidy payments, made directly to the landlord, are usually the difference
between a percentage of tenant income and the payment standard established for
housing units by bedroom size. Eligible renters across America rely on this
support to stabilize their lives and raise families.

Housing choice vouchers allow families to choose and lease, or purchase, safe,
decent, and affordable privately-owned rental housing. The HACLC and the DACHA
strive to work with landlords to make the S8HCV program a success.

There are many myths that persistently circulate about this much needed program.
Here are a few of the most common and the truths behind them.

MYTH: Section 8 means too much paperwork.

TRUTH: There are five documents which require landlord/owner handling:

1. Request for Tenancy Approval   which constitutes the family's request for
assistance in the specified unit, and which documents the owner's willingness to
lease to the family.

2. Dwelling Lease with HUD-required Tenancy Addendum-sets forth and standardizes
the tenancy requirements for the program, and determines the composition of the
household, as approved by the Housing Authority.

3. Housing Assistance Payment Contract   prescribed by HUD, represents a written
agreement between the housing authority and the owner.

4. Landlord Certification   primarily attests to the ownership of the rental
property.

5. W-9 Form   legally required for tax purposes and generation of 1099's.

MYTH: Housing Voucher Program leases go on and on ... and on.

TRUTH: Leases are determined by the landlord and tenant. The initial lease term
is one year and may revert to month-to-month after that. The landlord has the
option of entering into a second lease with the tenant if s/he so desires.

MYTH: Voucher holders cannot be evicted.

TRUTH: Any legal notice, including eviction, may be served on a voucher holder,
the same as in the open rental market. Also, because the HAP portion of the rent
is considered an "assistance payment" and not rent, a landlord can continue to
receive the subsidy payment throughout the eviction process and even through the
end of the month in which the family moves out of the unit. Further, tenants who
do not comply with a lease place their ability to receive future subsidies in
jeopardy.

MYTH: Landlords cannot raise the rent for a Section 8 Voucher tenant.

TRUTH: The rent must be deemed reasonable in relation to comparable unassisted
units in the area and must not be in excess of rents charged by the owner for
comparable, unassisted units on the premises.

Per the HAP contract, the owner may not raise the rent during the initial term
(one year) of the lease. After this initial term an owner may submit written
notification of an upcoming rent increase, giving the HA a 60 day notice before
any rate changes go into effect.

MYTH: Landlords do not need to screen Section 8 Voucher tenants. That is the job
of the Housing Authority.

TRUTH: All landlords have a right and a responsibility to screen all applicants
to assure that they are renting to good tenants. Landlord references, credit
checks, income verification, and other methods are all perfectly legitimate
tools for a landlord to use in screening, accepting and denying potential
tenants, regardless of their source of income.

Landlords are encouraged to screen Section 8 tenants in the same way that they
screen any potential tenant. If they fail your screening, you can refuse to rent
to them.

Most importantly, landlords hold a key role in partnering with the Housing
Authority to accomplish its mission: To lead the public effort in providing
safe, affordable housing and associated services that provide opportunities to
eligible persons.

For additional information go to
http://www.hud.gov/offices/pih/programs/hcv/about/index.cfm or contact the
helpful staff at the Housing Authority of the City of Las Cruces and Doña Ana
County, located at 926 S. San Pedro, at 528-2000.

Mark you calendars: An informative seminar will be held on Tuesday, September
18th, from 9:00 am to 11:00 am at the Las Cruces Board of Realtors office, 150
East Idaho, Las Cruces-next to Comcast.

The two-part agenda will feature "Steps to take to help make your rental
property crime-free" and "Section 8 Housing-myths, truths, benefits and goals."
Bring your notepads and questions for the City of Las Cruces Police Department
and the Housing Authority. Fee is $5 payable at the door.

Annette West, CCIM, MBA, CPA, is a Las Cruces Realtor® specializing in
multi-family real estate and can be reached at AWest@NMApartment.com

LOAD-DATE: July 18, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


        Copyright 2007 Las Cruces Sun-News, a MediaNews Group Newspaper
                              All Rights Reserved


                              50 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             May 29, 2014 Thursday

Submission for OMB Review; Comment Request

LENGTH: 575  words

DATELINE: Washington


Office of the Federal Register has issued the following notice:


The Department of Agriculture has submitted the following information collection
requirement(s) to OMB for review and clearance under the Paperwork Reduction Act
of 1995, Public Law 104-13. Comments regarding (a) whether the collection of
information is necessary for the proper performance of the functions of the
agency, including whether the information will have practical utility; (b) the
accuracy of the agency's estimate of burden including the validity of the
methodology and assumptions used; (c) ways to enhance the quality, utility and
clarity of the information to be collected; (d) ways to minimize the burden of
the collection of information on those who are to respond, including through the
use of appropriate automated, electronic, mechanical, or other technological
collection techniques or other forms of information technology should be
addressed to: Desk Officer for Agriculture, Office of Information and Regulatory
Affairs, Office of Management and Budget (OMB), New Executive Office Building,
725 17th Street NW., Washington, DC 20502. Commenters are encouraged to submit
their comments to OMB via email to:

OIRA_Submission@omb.eop.gov or fax (202) 395-5806 and to Departmental Clearance
Office, USDA, OCIO, Mail Stop 7602, Washington, DC 20250-7602. Comments
regarding these information collections are best assured of having their full
effect if received by June 30, 2014. Copies of the submission(s) may be obtained
by calling (202) 720-8681.

An agency may not conduct or sponsor a collection of information unless the
collection of information displays a currently valid OMB control number and the
agency informs potential persons who are to respond to the collection of
information that such persons are not required to respond to the collection of
information unless it displays a currently valid OMB control number.
Rural Housing Service Back to Top

Title: Rural Rental Housing Program, 7 CFR part 3560.

OMB Control Number: 0575-0189.

Summary of Collection: The programs covered by 7 CFR Part 3560 are authorized by
title V of the Housing Act of 1949 to provide financing to support the
development of adequate, affordable housing and rental units for very low-,
low-, and moderate-income households, and farm workers. Rural Housing Service
(RHS) is authorized to collect the information needed to administer these
various programs under Title V of the Housing Act of 1949, Section 515 Rural
Rental Housing, Sections 514 and 516 Farm Labor Housing loans and grants, and
Section 521 Rental Assistance.

Need and Use of the Information: The information collected by RHS is used to
plan, manage, evaluate and account for Government resources. The reports are
required to ensure the proper and judicious use of public funds. The purpose of
the Multi-Family Housing programs is to provide adequate, affordable, decent,
safe, and sanitary rental units for very low-, low-, and moderate-income
households and farm workers in rural areas.

Description of Respondents: Business or other for profit: Individual or
households; Farms; Not-for-profit institutions; State, Local, or Tribal
Government.

Number of Respondents: 500,000.

Frequency of Responses: Recordkeeping; Reporting: Quarterly; Monthly, Annually.

Total Burden Hours: 1,104,790.

Charlene Parker,

Departmental Information Collection Clearance Officer.


For more information please visit: https://www.federalregister.gov/

LOAD-DATE: May 30, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              51 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       TELEGRAM & GAZETTE (Massachusetts)

                           January 27, 2011 Thursday
                        DOUGLAS/GRAFTON/MILLBURY EDITION

Millbury Savings Bank puts $25,000 in heating fund

SECTION: Pg. 3

LENGTH: 190 words

DATELINE: MILLBURY


Millbury Savings Bank has contributed $25,000 to its Community Energy Assistance
Program, a fund the bank established in 2005 to help eligible residents pay home
heating costs. This brings the bank's total contributions to the program to
$155,000.

"We're happy to continue funding this important program," said bank President
William J. Walsh.

The program provides fuel assistance to households in the bank's lending area
that meet federal low-income guidelines. For qualifying applicants, Millbury
Savings Bank will pay up to $350 for oil and up to $300 for natural gas or
electric, directly to the energy supplier. While the program is coordinated
through the Millbury Senior Center, it is not limited to senior citizens or
Millbury residents.

Eligible properties include owner-occupied, single-family residences or
apartments. Ineligible properties include subsidized housing, multi-family
housing producing rental income (even if owner-occupied), and apartments that
include heat as part of the rent.

To apply, call the program's local coordinator, Judith O'Connor, executive
director of the Friends of the Millbury Seniors, at (508) 865-9247.

LOAD-DATE: January 31, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2011 Worcester Telegram & Gazette, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              52 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       Sarasota Herald Tribune (Florida)

                            January 27, 2012 Friday

Millbury bank gives $25,000 toward fuel aid

SECTION: Pg. 11

LENGTH: 194 words

DATELINE: MILLBURY


MILLBURY - Millbury Savings Bank has contributed $25,000 to its Community Energy
Assistance Program, a fund the bank established in 2005 to help eligible
residents pay their home heating costs. This brings the bank's total
contributions to $180,000.

"We're pleased to continue funding this important program for our friends and
neighbors in need," said William J. Walsh, Millbury Savings Bank's president and
chief executive officer.

The fund provides fuel assistance to households in the bank's lending area that
meet federal guidelines for low-income individuals. For qualifying applicants,
the bank will pay up to $400 for oil and up to $300 for natural gas or electric
directly to the energy supplier. While the program is coordinated through the
Millbury Senior Center, it is not limited to senior citizens or Millbury
residents.

Eligible properties include owner-occupied, single-family residences or
apartments. Ineligible properties include subsidized housing, multi-family
housing producing rental income (even if owner-occupied), and apartments that
include heat as part of the rent.

To apply, or to see if you are eligible, call Judith O'Connor

at (508) 865-9247.

LOAD-DATE: August 8, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: MILLBURY - Millbury Savings Bank has contributed $25,000 to its
Community Energy Assistance Program, a fund the bank established in 2005 to help
eligible residents pay their home heating costs. This brings the bank's total
contributions to $180,000.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2012 Sarasota Herald-Tribune Co.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              53 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     The Leader-Post (Regina, Saskatchewan)

                           October 13, 2011 Thursday
                                 Final Edition

A tough time to find shelter

BYLINE: The Leader-Post

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A8

LENGTH: 476  words


New home construction in Regina is booming at a level not seen in 40 years, but
it's likely of little comfort to those at the bottom of the housing ladder.

Even if there is a "trickle-down effect" of some renters buying their own homes
and freeing up apartments, many on minimum wage or social assistance simply
can't afford shelter in a city where average rents are around $750 for a
one-bedroom apartment.

Still, any growth in housing stock that ultimately eases Regina's rental vacancy
rate of less than one per cent will help, particularly during the current period
of population growth as migrants and immigrants move to the city. So it's
encouraging to see housing starts up by almost 25 per cent this year, to 1,140
in the first nine months compared with 921 for the same period last year.

Of this year's total so far, 450 are multifamily units (semi-detached, row
houses and apartments), a 15-per-cent increase over the 390 multi-family starts
in the same period in 2010.

Though the lack of "affordable housing" has become a hot issue in the past year
or so, both realtors and advocates for those on low or fixed incomes generally
agree the term really only applies to the rental sector since Regina's new and
used private stock is still considered affordable compared with other Canadian
cities. And with mortgage rates at bargain-basement rates, many first-time
buyers have been able to start climbing the ladder of home ownership.

For those who must rent, the story is very different. As a recent feature
article in the Leader-Post's Weekender section revealed, there's a growing
problem of homelessness in this city. The lucky one's "couch surf" in the homes
of relatives or friends. Others bed down in emergency shelters - or sleep rough
in parks, alleys and other public places. The latter option will soon disappear
when winter arrives.

It's not surprising that provincial politicians are being lobbied to address the
rental housing issue during the current election campaign and it will be
interesting to see what proposals there are in the various policy platforms.
There's certainly no shortage of ideas, including rent controls, tax incentives
to encourage the construction of rental housing and higher shelter allowances
for those on low or modest incomes.

Innovative ideas should be considered. For example, some cities in the U.K. have
offered temporary low-rental housing to encourage the migation of in-demand
skilled workers. Though this would require a significant provincial government
investment in social housing if implemented in Regina, Saskatoon and other
cities, predictions of future labour shortages as baby boomers retire suggest it
could be an enticing benefit for prospective newcomers.

Decent, affordable shelter is a basic human need. We look forward to a vigorous
debate on this important issue during the election campaign.

LOAD-DATE: October 13, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Editorial

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


  Copyright 2011 The Leader-Post, a division of Canwest MediaWorks Publication
                                      Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              54 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        The Legal Ledger (St. Paul, MN)

                                  July 6, 2009

Minnesota Capitol Notebook: July 6, 2009

BYLINE: Saint Paul Legal Ledger Capitol Report Staff

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 1424  words


Minnesota abortion numbers continue to decline

The number of abortions in Minnesota dropped for the second straight year in
2008, according to anti-abortion organization Minnesota Citizens Concerned for
Life (MCCL).

MCCL officials credit the Positive Alternatives grant program for helping reduce
abortion numbers in the state.

"This report demonstrates that Positive Alternatives is working for women and
their unborn babies," MCCL Executive Director Scott Fischbach said.

The MCCL's annual abortion report showed that 12,948 abortions were performed in
Minnesota in 2008, compared to 13,843 in 2007. The 2008 total is the lowest
number on record since 1975; MCCL says the number of abortions in Minnesota
increased by 5 percent in 2006 after four years of gradually declining.

Positive Alternatives was approved by the Minnesota Legislature in 2005 as a
grant program for organizations that offer medical attention for pregnant women,
nutritional services, housing assistance, adoption services, education and
employment help, child care assistance and parenting education and support
services.

Thirty-seven organizations received $4.75 million in two-year grants in 2006;
another 31 received $4.7 million in the second round of two-year grants awarded
in 2008. Positive Alternatives was fully funded by the 2009 Legislature.

Stimulus money will help housing programs

A total of $28.4 million in federal stimulus money has been awarded to Minnesota
to jump-start affordable housing programs, U.S. Housing and Urban Development
Secretary Shaun Donovan announced.

The Tax Credit Assistance Program (TCAP) grant will allow Minnesota Housing to
resume funding affordable rental housing projects across the state and stimulate
employment in the construction trades, Donovan said.

One of the byproducts of the ongoing economic crisis has been the freezing of
investments in the Low Income Housing Tax Credit Program market. Those tax
credits provide an incentive for investors to provide capital to developers to
build multi-family rental housing for moderate- and low-income families; since
the contraction of the credit market, the value of tax credits has plummeted and
as many as 1,000 projects containing almost 150,000 units of housing are on hold
nationwide.

The American Recovery and Reinvestment Act of 2009 provides $2.25 billion for
TCAP for capital investments on the stalled projects across the United States.

Seifert hits the road

State Rep. Marty Seifert, R-Marshall, will tour the state starting July 7 as he
launches his gubernatorial campaign. The former House Minority Leader will be
accompanied by his new campaign staffer Ben Zierke on the 14-city tour.

On Tuesday, Seifert plans to kick things off in Fridley, Mankato, and Rochester.
On Wednesday, Seifert's campaign is scheduled to visit St. Cloud, Alexandria,
Moorhead, East Grand Forks and Bemidji.

He'll spend Thursday in DFL country with stops in Grand Rapids, Virginia and
Duluth. The tour wraps up on Friday in his southern Minnesota homeland with
stops in Marshall, Worthington and New Ulm.

Seifert announced his run for governor last month after Republican Gov. Tim
Pawlenty said he wouldn't seek a third term in 2010.

28th annual Farmfest set Aug. 4-6

The 28th annual Farmfest, a yearly Minnesota agricultural event, will be held
Aug. 4-6 on the Gilfillan estate in Redwood County.

The event will feature more than 580 local exhibitors in the farming industry,
along with educational forums, programs and entertainment. Specialty pavilions
include the AgriPreneurship, Home and Garden and Outdoor Sports and Conservation
pavilions.

The first Farmfest women's breakfast will be held at 9 a.m. Aug. 6 at Jackpot
Junction in Morton. Other featured events include the second annual Farmfest
auctioneering competition at 3 p.m. Aug. 5 and "FarmersOnly.com Live On Stage"
at 3 p.m. Aug. 4, both on the main forum stage.

Farmfest attracts more than 35,000 visitors each year. Hours this year are 8
a.m. to 5 p.m. Aug. 4 and 5 and 8 a.m. to 4 p.m. Aug. 6. Admission is $8 for
adults and free for anyone 18 or younger.

For more information on attending or exhibiting, visit www.farmshows.com or call
(800) 827-8007.

9 named to Workforce Development Council

Three people have been appointed and six reappointed to the Minnesota Governor's
Workforce Development Council by Gov. Tim Pawlenty.

Joseph H. Kalkman, Eric Nesheim and Edward Reynoso are the new appointees; those
reappointed were Maureen J. Amundson, Sharon Bredeson, Steven Ditschler, Rollie
Morud, Mary Nichols and Terry Smith.

Kalkman, of Eagan, is a senior director of human resources for Best Buy Co. in
Richfield. He replaces Jeffrey Johnson on the council as a representative of
business and industry.

Nesheim, of St. Paul, is executive director of the Minnesota Literacy Council.
He replaces Kathleen Carney as a representative of community-based
organizations.

Reynoso, of Ham Lake, is the new political director of Teamsters Joint Council
32 in Minneapolis. He replaces Don Gerdesmeier as a labor representative.

Amundson, of Rochester, owns Education-to-Careers, an educational consulting
firm. She was reappointed as a representative of secondary or post-secondary
vocational institutions.

Bredeson, of Minneapolis, is the owner and chief executive officer of Staff-Plus
Inc., specializing in personnel services to businesses. She was reappointed as a
representative of business.

Ditschler, of Eagan, is the chief executive officer of Pro-Act Inc., an
organization that provides services to people with disabilities and other
barriers to employment. He was reappointed as a representative of
community-based organizations.

Morud, of Bemidji, is a consultant in workplace productivity of the baby boomer
population. He was reappointed as a representative of school-based service
learning.

Nichols, of Minneapolis, is dean of continuing education at the University of
Minnesota. She was reappointed as a representative of the University of
Minnesota.

Smith, of Forest Lake, is a master journeyman furniture refinisher. He was
reappointed as a labor representative.

The Governor's Workforce Development Council coordinates the development,
implementation and evaluation of the statewide education and employment
transitions system and Minnesota youth services programs. It consists of 32
members, 28 of them appointed by the governor.

St. Paul seeks injunctions against 2 gangs

The city of St. Paul has initiated two separate civil lawsuits against the East
Side Boys and the Selby Siders, two local gangs with a long history of violent
criminal conduct, including a recent murder and confrontations involving
gunfire, Mayor Chris Coleman said in a statement.

The lawsuits seek injunctions against the two gangs to help prevent gang
activity during St. Paul's Rondo Days festival on July 18. City Attorney John
Choi says the action is part of a law enforcement strategy to be proactive in
disrupting criminal gang activity in the city's neighborhoods.

Under state law, the civil gang injunction statute authorizes a city attorney,
county attorney or the attorney general to commence a civil action against
criminal gangs to enjoin criminal gang activity.

When a court issues a civil gang injunction order, it finds that the gang's past
activities are a public nuisance and restricts the gang's ability to carry on
future gang activities in a designated area. Ramsey County District Court issued
the state's first civil gang injunction in May against the Sureno 13.

Court hearings on the city's motion for temporary injunctions against the Selby
Siders and the East Side Boys are scheduled for 9 a.m. and 1:30 p.m.,
respectively, July 15 in Ramsey County District Court.

Disabled veterans can ride Minnesota buses for free

Disabled veterans in Minnesota are now able to use public transportation
throughout the state at no charge under a new law passed by the 2009
Legislature.

Disabled veterans must show a proper identification card to bus operators on any
fixed-route service in the state, including Metro Transit and suburban transit
providers in the Minneapolis-St. Paul area and regular-route services in Duluth,
St. Cloud, Rochester, Moorhead, East Grand Forks and Mankato.

There are approximately 50,000 disabled veterans in Minnesota. The free ride
benefit also extends to personal care attendants who assist disabled veterans as
they travel.

To qualify for the free rides, disabled veterans must show a veterans
identification card issued by a Veterans Administration medical center. For more
information, call (612) 467-1991 or visit www.va.gov.

LOAD-DATE: July 7, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: General news

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2009 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved


                              55 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            November 21, 2016 Monday

Washington: HUD ISSUES GUIDANCE ON HOW TO TREAT TENANTS FAIRLY IN RENTAL
ASSISTANCE DEMONSTRATION

LENGTH: 558  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development has issued the
following news release:



 The U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development (HUD) today issued formal
guidance to Public Housing Authorities (PHAs) and others participating in the
Department's Rental Assistance Demonstration (RAD) on how to meet their fair
housing, civil rights and relocation obligations during all phases of RAD's
conversion process. Read HUD's notice.





 RAD was authorized by Congress in 2012 to help stem the loss of public housing
units by allowing local housing authorities to convert the current federal
subsidy to a more stable long-term financing model for up to 185,000 public
housing units. Just as private owners of single- and multi-family housing
routinely rely upon debt financing as a means of undertaking physical
improvements to their properties, RAD allows public housing authorities to
safely leverage other sources of private capital in order to finance
rehabilitation or in some cases completely replace distressed public housing.



 Fundamental to the design of RAD, current and future residents are provided a
robust set of rights and protections, including relocation options during the
conversion process and the right to return to the property when repairs are
completed. HUD's notice issued today is designed to guide RAD participants on
how to make certain tenants are engaged early, treated fairly, and provided
ample relocation options during construction.



 Specifically, HUD's notice streamlines and accelerates the RAD approval process
by:



     Clearly outlining the requirements for fair housing and relocation reviews;


     Providing guidance on what documents to submit and when to submit them; and


     Offering tools such as a comprehensive checklist to help stakeholders
prepare submissions.



 AD provides mobility benefits for assisted residents of converted properties
through the choice mobility option, allowing these households to access
tenant-based Housing Choice Vouchers.  In some cases, RAD can be a tool for
transfer of rental assistance from distressed or poorly selected sites to new
sites in high opportunity areas. In all cases, the objective is to better serve
low-income residents and the broader community in complying with fair housing,
other civil rights, and relocation laws.



 In Fiscal Year 2017, HUD is requesting that Congress eliminate the current
185,000 unit-cap on public housing units that can convert without additional HUD
subsidy. PHAs have already applied and received initial awards up to this cap
and a waiting list has now formed. Eliminating the cap will allow every PHA that
wishes to participate the opportunity to leverage capital.



 In September, HUD published an interim evaluation of RAD that demonstrated a
leverage of nearly $9 for every $1 of public housing funds invested in
RAD-converting properties. The report also highlighted that some public housing
properties with more serious capital needs will not be able to be sufficiently
improved without additional subsidy, which is why HUD is also proposing to
provide $50 million to help local public housing agencies finance the deeper
recapitalization of tens of thousands of units of public housing.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:

 editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: November 21, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              56 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            November 21, 2016 Monday

Washington: HUD ISSUES GUIDANCE ON HOW TO TREAT TENANTS FAIRLY IN RENTAL
ASSISTANCE DEMONSTRATION

LENGTH: 558  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development has issued the
following news release:



 The U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development (HUD) today issued formal
guidance to Public Housing Authorities (PHAs) and others participating in the
Department's Rental Assistance Demonstration (RAD) on how to meet their fair
housing, civil rights and relocation obligations during all phases of RAD's
conversion process. Read HUD's notice.





 RAD was authorized by Congress in 2012 to help stem the loss of public housing
units by allowing local housing authorities to convert the current federal
subsidy to a more stable long-term financing model for up to 185,000 public
housing units. Just as private owners of single- and multi-family housing
routinely rely upon debt financing as a means of undertaking physical
improvements to their properties, RAD allows public housing authorities to
safely leverage other sources of private capital in order to finance
rehabilitation or in some cases completely replace distressed public housing.



 Fundamental to the design of RAD, current and future residents are provided a
robust set of rights and protections, including relocation options during the
conversion process and the right to return to the property when repairs are
completed. HUD's notice issued today is designed to guide RAD participants on
how to make certain tenants are engaged early, treated fairly, and provided
ample relocation options during construction.



 Specifically, HUD's notice streamlines and accelerates the RAD approval process
by:



     Clearly outlining the requirements for fair housing and relocation reviews;


     Providing guidance on what documents to submit and when to submit them; and


     Offering tools such as a comprehensive checklist to help stakeholders
prepare submissions.



 AD provides mobility benefits for assisted residents of converted properties
through the choice mobility option, allowing these households to access
tenant-based Housing Choice Vouchers.  In some cases, RAD can be a tool for
transfer of rental assistance from distressed or poorly selected sites to new
sites in high opportunity areas. In all cases, the objective is to better serve
low-income residents and the broader community in complying with fair housing,
other civil rights, and relocation laws.



 In Fiscal Year 2017, HUD is requesting that Congress eliminate the current
185,000 unit-cap on public housing units that can convert without additional HUD
subsidy. PHAs have already applied and received initial awards up to this cap
and a waiting list has now formed. Eliminating the cap will allow every PHA that
wishes to participate the opportunity to leverage capital.



 In September, HUD published an interim evaluation of RAD that demonstrated a
leverage of nearly $9 for every $1 of public housing funds invested in
RAD-converting properties. The report also highlighted that some public housing
properties with more serious capital needs will not be able to be sufficiently
improved without additional subsidy, which is why HUD is also proposing to
provide $50 million to help local public housing agencies finance the deeper
recapitalization of tens of thousands of units of public housing.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:

 editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: November 22, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              57 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            November 14, 2016 Monday

Washington: HUD ISSUES GUIDANCE ON HOW TO TREAT TENANTS FAIRLY IN RENTAL
ASSISTANCE DEMONSTRATION

LENGTH: 558  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development has issued the
following news release:



 The U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development (HUD) today issued formal
guidance to Public Housing Authorities (PHAs) and others participating in the
Department's Rental Assistance Demonstration (RAD) on how to meet their fair
housing, civil rights and relocation obligations during all phases of RAD's
conversion process. Read HUD's notice.





 RAD was authorized by Congress in 2012 to help stem the loss of public housing
units by allowing local housing authorities to convert the current federal
subsidy to a more stable long-term financing model for up to 185,000 public
housing units. Just as private owners of single- and multi-family housing
routinely rely upon debt financing as a means of undertaking physical
improvements to their properties, RAD allows public housing authorities to
safely leverage other sources of private capital in order to finance
rehabilitation or in some cases completely replace distressed public housing.



 Fundamental to the design of RAD, current and future residents are provided a
robust set of rights and protections, including relocation options during the
conversion process and the right to return to the property when repairs are
completed. HUD's notice issued today is designed to guide RAD participants on
how to make certain tenants are engaged early, treated fairly, and provided
ample relocation options during construction.



 Specifically, HUD's notice streamlines and accelerates the RAD approval process
by:



     Clearly outlining the requirements for fair housing and relocation reviews;


     Providing guidance on what documents to submit and when to submit them; and


     Offering tools such as a comprehensive checklist to help stakeholders
prepare submissions.



 AD provides mobility benefits for assisted residents of converted properties
through the choice mobility option, allowing these households to access
tenant-based Housing Choice Vouchers.  In some cases, RAD can be a tool for
transfer of rental assistance from distressed or poorly selected sites to new
sites in high opportunity areas. In all cases, the objective is to better serve
low-income residents and the broader community in complying with fair housing,
other civil rights, and relocation laws.



 In Fiscal Year 2017, HUD is requesting that Congress eliminate the current
185,000 unit-cap on public housing units that can convert without additional HUD
subsidy. PHAs have already applied and received initial awards up to this cap
and a waiting list has now formed. Eliminating the cap will allow every PHA that
wishes to participate the opportunity to leverage capital.



 In September, HUD published an interim evaluation of RAD that demonstrated a
leverage of nearly $9 for every $1 of public housing funds invested in
RAD-converting properties. The report also highlighted that some public housing
properties with more serious capital needs will not be able to be sufficiently
improved without additional subsidy, which is why HUD is also proposing to
provide $50 million to help local public housing agencies finance the deeper
recapitalization of tens of thousands of units of public housing.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:

 editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: November 15, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              58 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            November 14, 2016 Monday

Washington: HUD ISSUES GUIDANCE ON HOW TO TREAT TENANTS FAIRLY IN RENTAL
ASSISTANCE DEMONSTRATION

LENGTH: 558  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development has issued the
following news release:



 The U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development (HUD) today issued formal
guidance to Public Housing Authorities (PHAs) and others participating in the
Department's Rental Assistance Demonstration (RAD) on how to meet their fair
housing, civil rights and relocation obligations during all phases of RAD's
conversion process. Read HUD's notice.





 RAD was authorized by Congress in 2012 to help stem the loss of public housing
units by allowing local housing authorities to convert the current federal
subsidy to a more stable long-term financing model for up to 185,000 public
housing units. Just as private owners of single- and multi-family housing
routinely rely upon debt financing as a means of undertaking physical
improvements to their properties, RAD allows public housing authorities to
safely leverage other sources of private capital in order to finance
rehabilitation or in some cases completely replace distressed public housing.



 Fundamental to the design of RAD, current and future residents are provided a
robust set of rights and protections, including relocation options during the
conversion process and the right to return to the property when repairs are
completed. HUD's notice issued today is designed to guide RAD participants on
how to make certain tenants are engaged early, treated fairly, and provided
ample relocation options during construction.



 Specifically, HUD's notice streamlines and accelerates the RAD approval process
by:



     Clearly outlining the requirements for fair housing and relocation reviews;


     Providing guidance on what documents to submit and when to submit them; and


     Offering tools such as a comprehensive checklist to help stakeholders
prepare submissions.



 AD provides mobility benefits for assisted residents of converted properties
through the choice mobility option, allowing these households to access
tenant-based Housing Choice Vouchers.  In some cases, RAD can be a tool for
transfer of rental assistance from distressed or poorly selected sites to new
sites in high opportunity areas. In all cases, the objective is to better serve
low-income residents and the broader community in complying with fair housing,
other civil rights, and relocation laws.



 In Fiscal Year 2017, HUD is requesting that Congress eliminate the current
185,000 unit-cap on public housing units that can convert without additional HUD
subsidy. PHAs have already applied and received initial awards up to this cap
and a waiting list has now formed. Eliminating the cap will allow every PHA that
wishes to participate the opportunity to leverage capital.



 In September, HUD published an interim evaluation of RAD that demonstrated a
leverage of nearly $9 for every $1 of public housing funds invested in
RAD-converting properties. The report also highlighted that some public housing
properties with more serious capital needs will not be able to be sufficiently
improved without additional subsidy, which is why HUD is also proposing to
provide $50 million to help local public housing agencies finance the deeper
recapitalization of tens of thousands of units of public housing.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:

 editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: November 15, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              59 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       TELEGRAM & GAZETTE (Massachusetts)

                            January 27, 2012 Friday
                        DOUGLAS/GRAFTON/MILLBURY EDITION

Millbury bank gives $25,000 toward fuel aid

SECTION: Pg. 11

LENGTH: 193 words

DATELINE: MILLBURY


Millbury Savings Bank has contributed $25,000 to its Community Energy Assistance
Program, a fund the bank established in 2005 to help eligible residents pay
their home heating costs. This brings the bank's total contributions to
$180,000.

"We're pleased to continue funding this important program for our friends and
neighbors in need," said William J. Walsh, Millbury Savings Bank's president and
chief executive officer.

The fund provides fuel assistance to households in the bank's lending area that
meet federal guidelines for low-income individuals. For qualifying applicants,
the bank will pay up to $400 for oil and up to $300 for natural gas or electric
directly to the energy supplier. While the program is coordinated through the
Millbury Senior Center, it is not limited to senior citizens or Millbury
residents.

Eligible properties include owner-occupied, single-family residences or
apartments. Ineligible properties include subsidized housing, multi-family
housing producing rental income (even if owner-occupied), and apartments that
include heat as part of the rent.

To apply, or to see if you are eligible, call Judith O'Connor

at (508) 865-9247.

LOAD-DATE: January 28, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2012 Worcester Telegram & Gazette, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              60 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             March 5, 2015 Thursday

Software Coordinator

LENGTH: 404  words

DATELINE: Arlington


National Defense Industrial Association has issued the following Job Vacancy:


Job Summary

Company
    Leon N.[#x200b] Weiner & Associates Inc.[#x200b] & Arbor Management, LLC
Location
    Wilmington, DE 19809
Industries
    Real Estate/[#x200b]Property Management
Job Type
    Full Time
    Employee
Years of Experience
    2+[#x200b] to 5 Years
Education Level
    Associate Degree
Career Level
    Experienced (Non-Manager)
Contact Information
    Jackie Edmanson
    Leon N.[#x200b] Weiner & Associates Inc.[#x200b] & Arbor Management, LLC
    4 Denny Road
    Wilmington, DE 19809
    Fax:  302-761-2641

Software Coordinator
About the Job

Property Management Software Coordinator

Arbor Management, LLC is a residential property management company headquartered
in Wilmington, Delaware and owned by an experienced owner/[#x200b]developer of
multi-family housing, Leon N.[#x200b] Weiner & Associates, Inc.[#x200b]

Arbor manages over 50 multi-family properties comprising over 5,000 apartment
units for Weiner and our partners.[#x200b] These projects range in size from
small properties under 50 units to large complexes of over 200 units.[#x200b]

This position reports to the Chief Financial Officer.[#x200b] Office schedule is
Monday - Friday, 8:30AM - 5:00PM.[#x200b]

Responsibilities include:

[#x25aa]         Assist Properties, Accounting, and Management with various
processes

[#x25aa]         Analyze and troubleshoot issues as well as make corrections in
Yardi on a monthly basis

[#x25aa]         Update Yardi at various times of the year as needed with
information to remain compliant as well as updates to the software

[#x25aa]         Support Yardi Section 8, Tax Credit, RD, and Waitlist
processing on a monthly basis as well as accounting functions including receipt
and payable processing

[#x25aa]         Support Housing Assistance Administrator with any
Recertification, HAP, Repayment, or Tracs issues

[#x25aa]         Setup and update users in the HUD REAC/[#x200b]EIV system and
maintain changes as needed

[#x25aa]         Administrate updates of the iUpdate (Duns) and SAM system for
Section 8 properties to assure assistance payments get paid timely

Requirements:

[#x25aa]         A minimum AA degree in Accounting

[#x25aa]         2+[#x200b] years experience in property management, bookkeeping
or receivables

[#x25aa]         Advanced computer and analytic skills

[#x25aa]         A working knowledge of Yardi is a must

[#x25aa]         Excellent employee relation skills and professional
communication abilities

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: March 5, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              61 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                             National Mortgage News

                                 August 9, 1999

$ 155 Million Financed in Alaska AH

LENGTH: 334 words

Anchorage, AK-The Alaska Housing Finance Corporation granted $ 15,501, 300 in
financing for 469 units of multi-family housing in 27 projects during the second
quarter of 1999.

That's up from 7,956,600 for 169 units in eight projects in the same period in
1998.

AHFC's multi-family, congregate & special needs, and senior housing loan
programs have continued to gain popularity since their introduction.

For-profit and non-profit developers use these programs to provide affordable
rental housing for seniors, low-income families, the homeless and other
special-needs populations.

The programs have assisted in the development of more than 3, 500 affordable
housing rental units throughout Alaska.

To further expand financing options, a multi-family loan program became
available in April 1996, without the usual requirements for low-income units.

AHFC funds up to 100% of the loan for the acquisition, rehabilitation, or
refinance of five or more units of multi-family housing.

AHFC is a self-supporting public corporation with $ 4.4 billion in assets. In
addition to multifamily loans.

It provides special loan programs for low and moderate income borrowers,
veterans and those living in rural areas of the state, secondary financing for
single-family homes, energy and weatherization programs, low-income rental
housing and special programs for the homeless and those seeking to become
self-sufficient.

The public corporation contributes nearly $ 100 million annually to Alaska's
general fund through cash transfers, capital projects and debt-service payments.


AHFC Finances $ 15.5 Million in Rental Housing in 2Q

LocationNo. of PropertiesNo. of UnitsTotal Dollar Volume

Anchorage18379$ 12,051,150

Eagle River133$ 490,000

Fairbanks213$ 272,000

Homer16$ 170,450

King Salmon118$ 1,244,000

Kodiak116$ 850,000

Palmer34$ 423,700

Totals27469$ 15,501,300

Source: Alaska Housing Finance Corporation

LOAD-DATE: August 13, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                         Copyright 1999 Faulkner & Gray


                              62 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                             The Salt Lake Tribune

                            December 21, 2007 Friday

Utah's aged, poor being priced out of affordable housing as rents soar

BYLINE: By Lisa Rosetta The Salt Lake Tribune

SECTION: LOCAL

LENGTH: 925 words


Marion Willey said the 1,800 affordable housing units he manages around the
state are nearly always occupied.

The difference is now there are waiting lists - long ones - to get into them,
said the executive director of the Western Region Non-Profit Housing Corp.

For seniors and disabled people living on fixed incomes, that means getting into
an apartment could take as long as 1 1/2 to two years.

It is yet another sign that Utah's strong real estate market, which has seen
home prices and apartment rents climb at a steep pitch, has made affordable
housing scarce.

On Thursday, the Olene Walker Housing Loan Fund Board approved $7.4 million -
one of its largest single payouts ever - for the purchase, renovation and
construction of 13 low-income housing projects.

The loans will help expand Utah's affordable housing stock by 700 units for rent
or purchase by families with earnings averaging below 34 percent of area median
income.

But Mike Glenn, director of housing, said it could take 18 to 24 months for
those projects to be ready. Anticipating this, the board awarded money to
different housing authorities, allowing them to distribute tenant-based rental
assistance vouchers to people renting market-rate units.

"That's more of a stop-gap," he said.

Census figures from 2000 show there is about a 2,500-unit gap in affordable
rental units annually, Glenn said.

"That's the gap between what we're able to help support and the unmet need," he
said. And it may be growing.

Economist Kelly Matthews has pointed out that a family with an annual income of
$51,000 in 2003 could have purchased a house valued at Salt Lake County's
average sale price of $187,000 with a 5 percent down payment. The buyers would
have had a monthly payment of $1,300, with interest rates at the time in the
range of 5.4 percent.

In the second quarter of this year, however, a family would have needed an
annual income of nearly $90,000 to purchase a house priced at Salt Lake County's
average of $298,000 with a 5 percent down payment.

The monthly payment would be about $2,250, Matthews said, with interest rates of
6.5 percent.

"We consider $160,000 affordable for purchase," Glenn said. "So basically,
unless they're willing to take a small condo someplace, most people cannot
afford to move from a rental unit to an owner-occupied home."

That means there is more competition for market-rate rental units, he said,
pushing up rents and making them less affordable.

Jed Millburn, principal of Apartment Realty Advisors-EquiMark, said apartment
rents in Salt Lake County went up 1.5 percent in 2005; 5 percent in 2006; and 7
percent in 2007. In dollars, that means monthly rents have climbed to about $697
from $641.

But that number, which is an average, can be deceptive, Millburn said. In some
professionally managed communities, monthly rents climbed between $70 and $100
last year alone.

He attributes the increase to fewer people buying homes in the wake of the
subprime lending debacle, limited availability of multi-family products and
strong job growth.

The bottom line for low-income families, Glenn said, is it means fewer
affordable options.

Thursday's big payout has left the Walker fund, which celebrates its 20th
anniversary this year, nearly depleted. Only about $200,000 is left to invest in
projects over the next six months, though it is slated to be replenished in May
and July, at the start of the new federal and state fiscal years.

The governor's proposed budget also recommends spending an additional $1.6
million on the loan fund.

"In the meantime, we'll go ahead and approve projects prospectively, pending the
availability of future funding," said Gordon Walker, director of the Utah
Division of Housing and Community Development.

lrosetta@sltrib.com

Funds for Utah projects Funds were awarded on a competitive basis for the
following developments:

* $131,840 to Portree Properties for the rehabilitation of the historical
Newhouse Apartments in Price and Golden Rule Mission in Helper.

* $691,637 to the Kier Corp. for purchase of an existing, 72-unit rental
assistance project, the Countryside Apartments in Ogden.

* $606,850 to the Kier Corp. for purchase of the 68-unit Bramblewood Apartments
in Ogden, a rental assistance project.

* $1.5 million to the Road Home homeless shelter to renovate a vacant hotel in
Salt Lake City for use as permanent housing for the chronically homeless.

* $925,000 to Western Region Nonprofit Housing Corp. for construction of a
48-unit apartment complex in Layton.

* $564,000 to LaPorte Group to renovate Piccardy Apartments in Salt Lake City
for rent by people with AIDS and developmental disabilities and the homeless.

* $386,600 to LaPorte Group to renovate Peter Pan Apartments in Salt Lake City.
Some of the units will be set aside for the homeless and people with
developmental disabilities.

* $750,000 to Community Development Inc. to construct Mt. Catherine Gardens, 48
affordable housing apartment unit in Richfield.

* $323,312 to Horizon Development for construction of 64 affordable twin-home
units in Logan.

* $1 million to Western Region Nonprofit Housing Corp. to preserve the Woodside
Apartments in Price, a rental assistance project.

* $220,000 to Neighborhood Non-profit Housing to expand River Park Senior
housing in Logan.

* $67,500 to the Salt Lake County Housing Authority to purchase the Transitional
Living Center from the Utah Food Bank in Salt Lake City.

* $160,000 to the Habitat for Humanity to build four single-family homes in
Summit and Wasatch counties.

Source: Utah Division of Housing and Community Development

LOAD-DATE: January 4, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2007 The Salt Lake Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved


                              63 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                      The Vancouver Sun (British Columbia)

                          September 26, 2012 Wednesday
                                Final_C Edition

Help's at hand on accessibility; > BC Housing ministry provides financial
assistance for landlords eager to update their properties

BYLINE: Vancouver Sun

SECTION: SPECIAL SECTION; Pg. B8

LENGTH: 606 words


B.C. landlords can now receive some financial help to make their rental
properties more accessible for seniors and people with disabilities.

Launched in January, the Home Adaptations for Independence (HAFI) program
provides up to $20,000 for home modifications that enable low-income seniors and
people with disabilities to continue living independently.

Homeowners and landlords may apply to BC Housing for HAFI funding for projects
in a home, unit or common area that improve safety and accessibility for
individuals who meet certain criteria (see below). To be eligible, rental
properties must not be owned or subsidized by government and offer rents at the
low end of market rent levels for the area. Both the landlord and tenant must
participate in the HAFI application.

To qualify for assistance from HAFI, the recipient must be a low-income senior
or person with a disability, a Canadian citizen or landed immigrant, and a B.C.
resident. Someone in the household must have a permanent disability or loss of
ability that makes it difficult to perform day-to-day activities. As well, the
total household income and as-sets must be below a certain limit. BC Housing can
tell you the income and house value limits for your area when you apply.

Types of projects funded by HAFI include:

Handrails in hallways or stair-ways,

. Ramps for ease of access,

. Easy-to-reach work or storage areas in the kitchen,

. Lever handles on doors,

. Walk-in showers with grab bars, and:

. Bathtub grab-bars and seats.

The adaptations must be permanent and fixed to the home. The program will not
cover supportive care, portable aids such as walkers, household appliances,
emergency repairs to roofs and furnaces, or maintenance work.

Ultimately, the goal of the program is to enable people who have physical
limitations to live in their home/unit longer. People's physical needs change
over time, and some-times, a small improvement to a home can make the difference
between being able to live independently or not.

For landlords, HAFI helps facilitate costly improvements that not only benefit
their tenants but, in the long term, make their property more attractive to a
wider range of potential tenants in the future. As our population ages, more and
more people will be seeking safe, affordable and accessible rental
accommodation.

Landlords in multi-family buildings may apply to HAFI on behalf of more than one
eligible tenant, although assistance for improvements in common areas is capped
at $40,000.

The funding comes in the form of a grant or forgivable loan, and will not need
to be paid back as long as certain requirements are met, such as the tenant
occupying the unit or the landlord limiting rent in-creases for a period of
time. For grants up to $5,000, these ob-ligations cease after one year. Loans
greater than $5,000 are forgiven over three years, while assistance greater than
$40,000 may be forgiven over three to five years.

HAFI is funded by the Government of Canada and the B.C. government through the
Canada-B.C. Affordable Housing Initiative. Through the HAFI program, $15 million
in grants or forgivable loans will be distributed to qualifying B.C. residents
over the next three years. Applications are reviewed on a first-come
first-served basis.

Eligibility requirements, an application guide and application forms are
available at www. bchousing.org/HAFI, by calling BC Housing at 604-646-7055, by
emailing hafi@bchousing. org, or by visiting any BC Housing office. Those
outside the Lower Mainland can also call BC Housing toll-free at 1-800-407-7757
extension 7055.

For more information about the program, visit www.bc-housing.org/HAFI.

LOAD-DATE: September 26, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: / B. C. landlords who want to learn more about the Home Adaptations for
Independence program, and financial assistance to make their rental properties
more accessible for seniors and people with disabilities, can visit
www.bchousing.org-HAFI.;

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 2012 The Vancouver Sun, a division of CanWest MediaWorks Publication
                                      Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              64 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                            November 7, 1993, Sunday

Norcross apartments' co-op plan falls short

BYLINE: By Mara Rose Williams STAFF WRITER

SECTION: EXTRA; Section J; Page 1

LENGTH: 639 words


The good intentions of a local non-profit group planning to turn a Norcross
apartment complex into a self-contained community for low-income tenants may go
for naught.

An official from the Department of Housing and Urban Development, which owns the
196-unit complex on Beaver Ruin Road, said the group's plans soured when
residents failed to support a cooperative ownership of the apartments.

Without the support of residents, the Gwinnett Housing Resource Partnership
didn't meet the criteria it needed to apply to HUD for ownership by the Oct. 15
deadline.

The property has been offered to the county for purchase. But County Commission
Chairman Wayne Hill has said he doesn't think the county is interested in
becoming apartment landlords.

In two weeks the property will be in the hands of the Georgia Housing Finance
Authority and they have 90 days to decide whether they want to buy and resell
it.

Group may consider purchasing units

"If not, the property goes on the open market and is offered to the highest
bidder," said Jack Dent, who is the supervisory realty specialist over
multi-family property disposal for HUD.

"When it comes up for sale, you and everyone else can bid on it," Dent said.

But there is another possibility the group could buy the apartments before they
hit the open market.

The state authority could sell it to the partnership at a less-than- competitive
price.

The partnership, made up of a group of Gwinnett housing advocates, formed more
than a year ago to do something about the lack of affordable housing available
in the county.

When HUD acquired ownership of the Beaver Ruin Apartments in July, under a state
program called "HOPE II," the partnership was given the opportunity to buy the
complex with the help of a government grant.

Under Hope II, the partnership would have ownership rights for about five years,
after which the property would be turned over to the tenants.

"The nonprofit is the middle man for the tenants to eventually obtain ownership
of the property," Dent said.

Should the partnership end up with the property, despite the vote of the
tenants, the plans are to convert some of the units into transitional housing.
Under that plan, the partnership would subsidize rent until the resident is able
to consistently make full payment.

Other units would be used for low rent and others still would be part of the
ownership plan.

The apartments are already the site of several social service offices, including
the Gwinnett Department of Family and Children Services and the Health
Department.

Donna P. Fisher, a member of the partnership, said the idea is to create a
self-contained community for the residents and then allow them to own and
operate it.

The idea of having social service offices on the premises was borrowed from a
concept that had been planned for Gwinnett by county and state officials nearly
two years ago.

"The idea of clustering social services is very progressive," said Gwen Dykes,
director of social services for Gwinnett DFACS.

"The lack of public transportation in Gwinnett puts the client at a
disadvantage," Dykes said. "It is very logical to have the services clustered in
one place."

"If we can't get transportation, then we have to take the services to where the
people are," said Fisher, who surveyed the residents at Beaver Ruin to find if
they would buy into a cooperative.

She said that many of the residents there depend on social services.

Although it has not been easy, the partnership still wants the property and its
plans to become reality, she said.

Fisher said the idea is to help some people get a start on owning a home.

"These are not welfare junkies, these people are working poor," she said.

Dent said a cooperative still has a chance to own the property. Only now, the
chances are not as good.

LOAD-DATE: December 3, 1993

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH933370368

                    Copyright 1993 The Atlanta Constitution


                              65 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            January 20, 2017 Friday

Washington: Washington: US Department of Justice has issued the following news
release: The Department of Justice's Antitrust Division is the Executive Branch
agency with the core mission of protecting and promoting competition through
enforcement of the antitrust laws, and the Division works tirelessly to ensure
that the American consumer benefits from the fruits of our work. But other
federal agencies and the 50 states frequently also share our goals and can help
promote more competitive m

LENGTH: 454  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: Federal Emergency Management Agency has issued the following news
release:



 Survivors of Hurricane Matthew's October 4-24, 2016, flooding who are in need
of somewhere to live on a long-term basis should be finalizing their plans to
find permanent housing.





 Are you confused about the next step in the recovery process, like finding
appropriate accommodation or understanding what documents you may need to have
on hand? Do you know someone who is looking for a permanent place to live? There
are resources available. The first thing to do is to call FEMA for assistance.



 If you have not yet registered, be sure to do so before the 11:59 p.m. Monday,
Jan. 23 deadline. Here's how:



     Call the FEMA Helpline at 800-621-3362 for voice, 711 and Video Relay
Service. If you are deaf, hard of hearing or have a speech disability and use a
TTY, call 800-462-7585.

     Online at DisasterAssistance.gov.

     Download the FEMA Mobile App and apply.



 Here are some resources that can help in your search for housing:



     NCHousingSearch.org (NCHousingSearch.org) a free service to locate
available and affordable rental housing. The service is available online or
through this toll-free, bilingual call center, Monday through Friday, 9 a.m. to
8 p.m., at 877-428-8844.

     The FEMA Housing Portal (asd.fema.gov/inter/hportal/home.htm) provides
rental housing information arranged by area. You may also call 800-621-3362 for
voice, 711 and Video Relay Service. If you are deaf, hard of hearing or have a
speech disability and use a TTY, call 800-462-7585.

     If you lived in public housing or in a multi-family Section 8 apartment or
had a Housing Choice Voucher before Hurricane Matthew, the U.S. Housing and
Urban Development (HUD) may be able to help you. Contact the housing provider
that assisted you before the disaster and contact HUD at 336-851-8058 or email
hudhelpingu@hud.gov (mailto:hudhelping@hub.gov).



 HUD also may offer information and assistance to those facing foreclosure. Call
800-569-4287 to talk to a housing counselor.



 HUD, FEMA and other federal and state agencies are hosting disaster recovery
resource fairs. On Saturday, Jan. 21, from 10 a.m. to 3 p.m., homeowners and
renters are invited to the Edgecombe County Administrative Building at 201 St.
Andrews Street in Tarboro to gather information on housing resources,
foreclosure prevention, and more.



 On Saturday, Jan. 28, a similar fair will be held in Wayne County at the
Goldsboro Event Center, 1501 South Slocumb Street. This fair was originally
scheduled to be held Jan. 9, and was postponed due to inclement weather.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: January 20, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2017 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              66 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Clay Center Dispatch (Kansas)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            January 20, 2009 Tuesday

$2.5 million USDA loan launches Center Heights

BYLINE: By: Ryan Wilson, Clay Center Dispatch, Kan.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 658 words


Jan. 20--The $2.5 million USDA Rural Development awarded the Neighborhood
Renaissance Foundation to develop housing at Center Heights in Clay Center was
"a long time coming," USDA Rural Development State Director Chuck Banks said
Friday.

USDA Rural Development presented a ceremonial check for the funding Friday at a
ground breaking ceremony on the property's northwest corner on Ninth Street for
the development of single-family and multi-family housing.

"It was a long time coming to help support affordable housing, a critical
component in supporting economic growth," Banks said. "USDA Rural Development is
pleased to be a partner."

The $2.5 million loan, approved through the agency's Rural Housing Site Loan
Program, will allow the Neighborhood Renaissance Foundation Inc. to finance the
development of building sites, including construction of access roads, streets
and utilities.

Community/agency partnership has made this loan and other funding possible,
Banks said.

"With the assistance of the agency's outstanding local partners, including Clay
County, who originally secured the subdivision acreage and the City of Clay
Center, who has established a Kansas Rural Housing Incentive District and is
obtaining Tax Increment Financing through the State of Kansas, many families
will realize their dream of home ownership in Clay Center," Banks said in a
release.

"That kind of hard work makes this happen," he said at Friday's ground breaking.

Along with the site loan, the Center Heights project will also be funded by the
agency's guaranteed Rural Housing Loan Program and the Guaranteed Rural Rental
Housing Loam Program.

"We'll continue to provide financial support," Banks said. "This is real
exciting for this community."

Banks called the Center Heights project "a cornerstone" housing development. The
project will be built in four phases: the first, third and fourth phases will
establish the infrastructure for single family housing and Phase 2 is a
multi-family housing development.

Sites developed with this USDA Rural Development funding may be sold to
individual households, non-profit organizations, public agencies and
cooperatives that provide financial assistance for housing to low and moderate
income homebuyers.

Obtaining this funding for this project has taken four years to realize and
started with Fort Riley's announcement to bring the 1st Infantry Division back
to Fort Riley. Clay Center was one of the communities USDA Rural Development
initially identified as one that would be impacted by the fort's buildup, Banks
said.

"USDA Rural Development has a long history of providing assistance to enhance
affordable housing in rural Kansas," Banks said in a release. "An example of the
agency's efforts is the USDA Fort Riley Regional Initiative, which is providing
support to area communities benefiting from the personnel expansion at Fort
Riley."

USDA Rural Development has provided $48.8 million to fund 500 housing projects
to assist communities impacted by the fort expansion, Banks said.

"Many regional communities are working aggressively to improve local housing and
upgrade essential community facilities, such as health care services," Banks
said. "USDA Rural Development can assist in these very important projects."

In the last seven years USDA Rural Development has provided $1.5 billion in
assistance to Kansas projects that has stimulated $7 billion in future economic
development in the state, Banks said. That's roughly twice as much as what was
provided in the seven years prior, he said.

To see more of the Clay Center Dispatch or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.ccenterdispatch.com. Copyright (c) 2009, Clay Center Dispatch, Kan.
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: January 21, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20090120-YA-2.5-million-USDA-loan-launches-Center-Heights-0120

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: YA


                                 Copyright 2009


                              67 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     Charleston Daily Mail (West Virginia)

                          November 23, 2011, Wednesday

Our views;
Life goes smoothly for the well-connected The Housing Development
Fund-Perdue-Pauley matter looks bad

BYLINE: Dmedit

SECTION: EDITORIAL; Pg. P4A

LENGTH: 424 words


ALMOST a year ago, state Treasurer John Perdue and his wife, Robin, sold 11
acres of Mason County farmland to Charleston developer Douglas E. Pauley for
$215,000.

Perdue is a member of the board of the West Virginia Housing Development Fund,
along with Attorney General Darrell McGraw, Agriculture Commissioner Gus
Douglass, and other well-connected people.

Pauley, a longtime friend of Perdue's and a contributor to his campaigns, is the
former development director of the housing fund.

As Eric Eyre of the Charleston Gazette has revealed in a series of stories,
Pauley is involved in a number of relationships with influential people. The
details are fascination itself.

Pauley has developed more tax-credit-financed housing projects in 10 years than
any other recipient in West Virginia. He owns more than 40 apartment complexes
across the state.

He had another project in mind - a development on the Mason County property he
purchased from Perdue.

Shortly after Pauley purchased the property, he received $3.67 million in
federal stimulus funds through the Housing Development Fund to build the
complex, which he named Milton Place after Robin Perdue's late father, Milton
Burdette.

Naming properties after associates is a signature Pauley touch.

-The Elle Bella Villa received a $2.8 million loan administered by the housing
fund to help build a low-income apartment complex in Dunbar. Sherry Bossie of
Dunbar, senior director of multi-family developments at the fund, owns a
9-year-old Yorkie by that name.

-There's a Wilshere Landing Apartments in Greenbrier County. A Michelle Wilshere
directs the agency's low-income housing program.

-There's the Perkins Park Apartments project in Cross Lanes. A Nancy Perkins
manages the fund's affordable multi-family loan program.

-Pauley also named projects after Bossie's subordinates or their children.

"Housing Development Fund employees helped review, score and approve Pauley's
project applications, then monitored those projects to ensure Pauley complied
with federal requirements, including whether his apartment complexes offered
affordable rental rates to tenants," Eyre wrote.

According to a search warrant issued for records of Pauley's property management
firm, the FBI is investigating whether Pauley, Encore Management, employees and
affiliates made false statements regarding maintenance of certain projects.

Certainly, the public needs to know a great deal more about how this all works.

Life is challenging for low-income West Virginians. It seems to work much better
for well-connected insiders.

LOAD-DATE: November 23, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2011 Charleston Newspapers


                              68 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                    The Herald Independent, Winnsboro, S.C.

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             July 26, 2012 Thursday

West Columbia Housing Project seeks to benefit Fairfield County homeowners

BYLINE: Kevin Boozer, The Herald Independent, Winnsboro, S.C.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 872 words


July 26--West Columbia Housing Project seeks to benefit Fairfield County
homeowners

slideshow

A nonprofit organization based in West Columbia is making efforts to connect
with struggling homeowners in Fairfield County.

At the Monday night Fairfield County Council meeting, Steven Gaither, grant
coordinator for Fairfield County, and Davitte Richardson, director of the
Brookland Housing Project, gave a presentation on the Brookland Community
Housing Project in West Columbia.

Its goal is offering safe, decent, affordable housing for individuals on low
incomes.

There is an emphasis on home ownership, home repair and counseling to help
people who rent homes to transition into becoming home owners. The organization
also places resources on redeveloping foreclosed properties.

Established at Brookland Baptist Church in West Columbia, the organization
originally served the Sugar Town and Happy Town areas.

With time it expanded to serve Richland, Lexington, Orangeburg, Kershaw,
Fairfield and Newberry counties.

The nonprofit organization works with S.C. HELPS to help prevent foreclosure on
homes. It also is a Community Housing Development Organization (CHDO).

The CHDO Board consists of three to nine members.

One-third of the members must represent low income housing either by their
income levels or by the location of the housing.

One-third of the members are public officials and the remaining one-third board
members come from the private sector.

The Community Housing Project offers home buying classes in conjunction with the
Columbia Housing Authority. It also participates in a Richland County home owner
program.

Senior citizens can receive free tax service through the project.

The home repair segment of the Brookland Community Housing Project is a popular
one according to Richardson.

The service provides repairs to owner-occupied homes but there is a $20,000 cap
on the amount of repairs that can be made. Richardson pointed out that not all
homes require the full $20,000 so that can free up funds for the housing project
to reach other needy home owners.

The $20,000 is a forgivable loan over a period of time, however if the home
owner chose to sell the home while a balance was still owed on the loan the
homeowner would have to repay the balance unless there were circumstances that
allowed the debt to be forgiven by the state housing authority.

The housing project is grant funded. Usually the organization receives two
grants a year, but sometimes they have as many as three.

During the four grant cycles per year they take in typically around $46,000
which is enough funds to repair at least two owner occupied homes.

Richardson said all the state funds used are in conjunction with the South
Carolina Housing Authority and the South Carolina Finance Department.

The Housing and Urban Development HUD and CHDO, plus nonprofit organizations
such as the Brookland Housing Project, can then do outreach for the entire state
of South Carolina.

The Community Housing Project also can get persons in touch with a Housing Trust
Fund Program.

Typically that program funds five projects per grant period. The maximum amount
of funds for an emergency repairs using that system, however, is $6,000.

In the future, the project hopes to offer single and multi-family rental units
that will coincide with a program to provide preparation for home ownership.

Under that proposal, there would be a maximum two-year renting period after
which the renter would transition into home ownership.

The housing project relies upon the S.C. HELPS Counseling Agency through the
state housing nonprofit portion of S.C. HELP.

Utility and rental assistance also is offered on a need-based criteria.
Richardson said that funds for utility and rental assistance often are the first
used.

Need based criteria include one's total household income, the number of
individuals living there under age 18, if one has a disability, the condition of
the home and health hazard/safety issues with the home. In order to receive
assistance, one's mortgage cannot exceed $750,000.

Emergency assistance is available if persons suffer a home-related disaster such
as a flood or fire.

If the elderly are receiving assistance, Richardson said that they ask them to
have family with them and they also require a work writeup to monitor the
contractor.

A minimum of two bids are taken from licensed, bonded contractors for each job.

Richardson said there have been few calls from the Fairfield area to inquire for
assistance from the housing project.

Fairfield County Council Chairperson David Ferguson thanked Richardson for
presenting this information at the meeting. He suggested that council members
work with Gaither to start utilizing these housing funds.

"Certainly there is need here. We have some homework to do to try to work things
out and get some help for folks," Ferguson said. "It is up to us to work with
Gaither's office and see what we can come up with."

More information can be found about the Brookland Community Housing Project at
www.brooklandhousing.org or by emailing housing@brooklandhousing.org

___ (c)2012 The Herald Independent (Winnsboro, S.C.) Visit The Herald
Independent (Winnsboro, S.C.) at www.heraldindependent.com Distributed by MCT
Information Services

LOAD-DATE: July 27, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20120726-1WN-West-Columbia-Housing
-Project-seeks-to-benefit-Fairfield-County-homeowners-0726-20120726

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1WN


                                 Copyright 2012


                              69 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                             National Mortgage News

                                January 31, 1994

FNMA, Denver Teaming for $ 1 Billion in AH

SECTION: AFFORDABLE HOUSING; Pg. 7

LENGTH: 282 words

DATELINE: DENVER


Thousands of citizens here will soon be able to buy homes under a $ 1 billion,
five-year investment strategy devised by the Federal National Mortgage
Association and the City of Denver.

The joint venture initiative, dubbed HouseDenver, is expected to finance more
than 10,000 units of single- and multi-family housing for low-, moderate- and
middle-income families.

"Demand for housing in Denver is growing daily," said Mayor Wellington Webb.

"Rising housing costs are limiting the options of many moderate-income
homebuyers and renters.

"The HouseDenver initiative will help ensure that those families will not be
excluded from the housing market," the mayor added.

Fannie Mae's chairman and chief executive officer, James A. Johnson, said Fannie
Mae "will work with Denver to leverage scarce city resources to produce expanded
housing opportunities and to overcome existing barriers to service in the Denver
central city."

The HouseDenver program aims to improve the affordability and availability of
finance for residents and will provide assistance on down payments to
central-city and low-income homebuyers.

Also, Denver's older single-family housing stock will benefit from increased
lending for rehabilitation under the program.

HouseDenver will expand multi-family financing for affordable rental housing.

The role of nonprofit groups providing homebuyer counseling and housing
development will be enhanced and will receive support under the program.

Finally, outreach activities will include Spanish language efforts.  The
initiative will allow lenders to us Denver's down payment assistance program in
conjunction with Fannie Mae's community Homebuyers Program.

LOAD-DATE: February 17, 1994

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1994 National Thrift News, Inc.


                              70 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             July 9, 2016 Saturday

Head Line: US Federal Contract Notice: Department of Agriculture (Michigan)
Issues Solicitation for "USDA RD MI-MFH MANAGER SERVICES"

LENGTH: 463  words

DATELINE: New York


WASHINGTON: Department of Agriculture, Rural Development officer has issued
requirement for "USDA RD MI-MFH MANAGER SERVICES"

Solicitation No: AG-5441-K-16-0019

Notice Type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
Posted Date: July 8, 2016

Description: *** AMENDMENT 03 EXTENDS THE REPLY DATE TO JULY 21, 2016, 4 P.M. ET
DUE TO LIMITED RESPONSES. ALSO UPDATES INFORMATION REGARDING SERVICE CONTRACT
LABOR STANDARDS CERTIFICATION/EXEMPTION. See sections H.3. and Section M
Instructions to Offerors.


***  AMENDMENT 02 EXTENDS THE REPLY DATE TO JULY 14, 2016 4 P.M. ET TO ESTABLISH
COMPETITIVE RANGE. LIMITED REPLIES RECEIVED. PERFORMANCE WILL START UPON
CONTRACT AWARDS.  ***
***  AMENDMENT 01 EXTENDS THE DUE DATE FOR OFFERS TO JUNE 30 ***
This is a combined synopsis/solicitation for commercial services prepared in
accordance with the format prescribed in Federal Acquisition Regulation Subparts
12, 15 and 37, supplemented with additional information in this notice. THIS
ANNOUNCEMENT CONSTITUTES THE ONLY SOLICITATION; PPROPOSALS ARE BEING REQUESTED.
USDA Rural Development (RD) in Michigan requires management services for
Multi-Family Housing (MFH) properties per HB-2-3560 (MFH Asset Management
Handbook). Properties are expected to come into inventory during Fiscal Years
2016-2018. The typical MFH project is located in a rural area (less than 35,000
residents); has an average of 24-units in 2 buildings; rental assistance to some
tenants; average occupancy is 75%; projects are in good state of repair.
The Contractor shall furnish all necessary personnel, materials, and otherwise
do all things necessary to perform the required services as identified in the
solicitation. USDA RD anticipates awarding up to five (5) Blanket Purchase
Agreements (BPA) to This is a combined synopsis/solicitation for commercial
services prepared in accordance with the format prescribed in Federal
Acquisition Regulation Subparts 12, 15 and 37, supplemented with additional
information in this notice. THIS ANNOUNCEMENT CONSTITUTES THE ONLY SOLICITATION;
PPROPOSALS ARE BEING REQUESTED.
USDA Rural Development (RD) in Michigan requires management services for
Multi-Family Housing (MFH) properties per HB-2-3560 (MFH Asset Management
Handbook). Properties are expected to come into inventory during Fiscal Years
2016-2018. The typical MFH project is located in a rural area (less than 35,000
residents); has an average of 24-units in 2 buildings; rental assistance to some
tenants; average occupancy is 75%; projects are in good state of repair.

Set Aside: Total Small Business

The NAICS code number for this requirement: 531

Contact Details: 3001 Coolidge Road Sutie 200 East Lansing, Michigan 48823

Point of Contact(s): Karen D. Cooper, Contract Program Manager
karend.cooper@mi.usda.gov Phone: 517-324-5203


LOAD-DATE: July 10, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              71 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     Gloucester Daily Times (Massachusetts)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            April 15, 2009 Wednesday

Pond View gets $3.2M for bailout: State and federal aid package breathes life
into housing plans

BYLINE: Patrick Anderson, Gloucester Daily Times, Mass.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 1047 words


Apr. 15--The final, unfinished piece of the struggling Pond View Village housing
complex in West Gloucester is being resuscitated with the help of more than $3.2
million in state and federal assistance.

Hailed as a model of community redevelopment, smart growth and mixed-income
housing before the national real estate market cratered, Pond View Village was
left partially occupied and only two-thirds built when its developer, Cape Ann
Housing Opportunity, went bankrupt last year.

Foreclosed upon by the statewide consortium of large banks that had lent money
to CAHO, Pond View Village was bought in January by the Caleb Foundation, a
Swampscott nonprofit that manages and preserves low-income multi-family housing
throughout New England.

The Caleb Foundation, which shares much of CAHO's vision for the former LePage
Glue property, was one of 39 organizations in Massachusetts to secure Affordable
Rental Housing Awards from the state this month.

The aid package -- a combination of state and federal low-interest state loans
and tax credits totalling $3.27 million -- will give Caleb the funding to move
forward with plans to build 34 new rental units on the property, meeting federal
affordability standards, Debbie Nutter, executive director for the Caleb
Foundation said yesterday.

"This means that hopefully the third phase will be finished," Nutter said. "I
believe it will continue to serve the low-income and moderate-income folks in
Gloucester with rental housing. There is a market and a need for them."

To complete Pond View Village, Caleb will raze the vacant old warehouse building
on the site and erect, in its footprint, a new five-story apartment building.

Caleb will complete the local permitting it needs to resume work, Nutter said,
and hopes to begin construction late in the fall or early winter of this year.

Before it stepped in with a new package of loans and tax breaks, the state was
already financially committed to Pond View Village, having already loaned $5.1
million to the project.

The city has also given the project more than $500,000.

The new assistance, which employs existing housing programs as part of Gov.
Deval Patrick's Massachusetts Recovery Program, includes federal funds but no
money from the national stimulus package now filtering out to states and local
communities.

Overall, the latest round of affordable rental awards announced by the Patrick
administration targets projects in 25 communities with a total of $108 million.
In a normal, non-recession year, the state will usually only announce funding
for around a dozen rental projects, Phil Hailer, a spokesman for the state
Department of Housing and Community Development said yesterday.

The awards to Pond View Village are comprised of $1,315,000 in low-interest
loans pulled from the federal HOME Program and state Affordable Housing Trust,
Hailer said, combined with a $1,350,000 state tax credit and $612,000 federal
tax credit.

Like most projects that receive tax credits, Caleb is planning to sell those tax
credits to investors to provide the capital to begin construction.

The total cost of finishing Phase 3 of Pond View Village is estimated by Caleb
at $6.7 million.

With the loftiest of intentions, Cape Ann Housing Opportunity built 84 units of
mixed-income housing -- 43 rental and 41 condominiums -- on the site of the
vacant former glue factory before becoming insolvent.

A lawsuit brought by the owners of the neighboring Heights of Cape Ann for
obstructing views with the unbuilt apartment high-rise delayed construction and
pushed the project into the worst throes of the recession.

When it was clear last summer that CAHO would default on its loans for the
property, its primary lender, the Massachusetts Housing Investment Corp.,
foreclosed on the complex.

Formed by a consortium of large banks as a lender for affordable housing and
community development projects, the Massachusetts Housing Investment Corp. which
lost more than $10 million from all of its loans to CAHO, now manages the
existing units at Pond View.

Like much of the country, the condominium market on Cape Ann has also suffered
in the recession.

Of 41 condominiums in the complex, only 19 have sold, with one more under
agreement to be sold, Sandra Blackman, an asset manager at the Massachusetts
Housing Investment Corp., said yesterday.

Blackman said the awards to Caleb would be good news for her organization if it
meant the old glue factory building would be giving way to new construction.

"It is a blighted building and needs to come down," Blackman said.

After the foreclosure, the Massachusetts Housing Investment Corp., which had
issued CAHO a $1.3 million mortgage on the Phase 3 portion of the property, sold
it to the Community Economic Development Assistance Corp. for $600,000.

CEDAC, a quasi-state agency that also held mortgage debt from CAHO, then sold
the Phase 3 property to Caleb for $1.1 million.

The success of other CAHO creditors, such as contractors and subcontractors who
worked on Pond View Village, in trying to get money back is unclear. CAHO's case
is now in the hands of a state-appointed trustee.

The state and federal aid for Pond View Village -- touted as a shovel-ready job
creator -- differs from many other government recovery efforts in that it will
add new housing to the depressed market instead of getting already existing
units occupied.

Hailer said projects like Pond View Village would help the economy because it
creates affordable rental units to the market instead of properties to own,
which are now languishing.

"Historically, the state has high housing costs and this helps keep
Massachusetts affordable," Hailer said. "We are trying to attract jobs and
development and if you don't have affordable housing, you are going to have a
tough time. There is great demand for rental housing."

Patrick Anderson can be reached at panderson@gloucestertimes.com

To see more of the Gloucester Daily Times or to subscribe, go to
http://www.gloucestertimes.com/. Copyright (c) 2009, Gloucester Daily Times,
Mass. Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: April 15, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20090415-GS-Pond-View-gets-3.2M-for-bailout-0415

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: GS


                                 Copyright 2009


                              72 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             June 30, 2016 Thursday

Rural Development Voucher Program

LENGTH: 3563  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington, DC:  This Notice document was issued by the Rural Housing Service
(RHS)



 Action



 Notice.

 Summary



 The U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA) in fiscal year (FY) 2006 established
the demonstration Rural Development Voucher Program (RDVP), as authorized under
Section 542 of the Housing Act of 1949 as amended (42 U.S.C. 1490R) (without
regard to Section 542(b)). This Notice informs the public of the general
policies and procedures for the RDVP for FY 2016. Rural Development Vouchers are
only available to low-income tenants of Rural Development (RD)-financed
multi-family properties where the Rural Rental Housing loan (Section 515) has
been prepaid (either through prepayment or foreclosure action); prior to the
loan's maturity date.



 Dates



 In order for eligible tenants to participate, a voucher obligation form must be
submitted within 10 months of the foreclosure or pre-payment.

 For Further Information Contact



 Stephanie B.M. White, Director, Multi-Family Housing Portfolio Management
Division, Rural Development, U.S. Department of Agriculture, 1400 Independence
Avenue SW., STOP 0782, Washington, DC 20250, telephone (202) 720-1615. Persons
with hearing or speech impairments may access this number via TDD by calling the
toll-free Federal Information Relay Service at (800) 877-8339.

 Supplementary Information

 I. Background



 This Notice outlines the process for providing voucher assistance to eligible
tenants when a property owner either prepays a Section 515 loan or USDA action
results in a foreclosure after September 30, 2005.



 The Consolidated Appropriations Act, 2016, Public Law 114-113, provided that
the Secretary of the USDA shall carry out the Rural Development Voucher program
as follows:



 That of the funds made available under this heading, $15,000,000, shall be
available for rural housing vouchers to any low-income household (including
those not receiving rental assistance) residing in a property financed with a
Section 515 loan which has been prepaid after September 30, 2005. Provided
further, that the amount of such voucher shall be the difference between
comparable market rent for the Section 515 unit and the tenant paid rent for
such unit: Provided further, that funds made available for such vouchers shall
be subject to the availability of annual appropriations: Provided further, that
the Secretary shall, to the maximum extent practicable, administer such vouchers
with current regulations and administrative guidance applicable to Section 8
housing vouchers administered by the Secretary of the Department of Housing and
Urban Development.



 This Notice outlines the process for providing voucher assistance to the
eligible impacted families when an owner prepays a Section 515 loan or USDA
action results in a foreclosure.

 II. Design Features of the RDVP



 This section sets forth the design features of the RDVP, including the
eligibility of tenants, the inspection of the housing units, and the calculation
of the subsidy amount.



 Rural Development Vouchers under this part are administered by the Rural
Housing Service, an agency under the RD mission area, in accordance with
requirements set forth in this Notice and further explained in, "The Rural
Development Voucher Program Guide," which can be obtained by contacting any RD
Office. Contact information for RD offices can be found at:
http://www.rd.usda.gov/contact-us/state-offices. These requirements are
generally based on the housing choice voucher program regulations of the
Department of Housing and Urban Development (HUD) set forth at 24 CFR part 982,
unless otherwise noted by this Notice.



 The RDVP is intended to offer protection to eligible Multi-Family Housing
tenants in properties financed through RD's Section 515 Rural Rental Housing
program (Section 515 property) who may be subject to economic hardship due to
the property owner's prepayment of the RD mortgage. When the owner of a Section
515 property pays off the loan prior to the loan's maturity date (either through
prepayment or foreclosure action), the RD affordable housing requirements and
Rental Assistance (RA) subsidies generally cease to exist. Rents may increase,
thereby making the housing unaffordable to tenants. Regardless, the tenant may
become responsible for the full payment of rent when a prepayment occurs,
whether or not the rent increases.



 The Rural Development Voucher is intended to help tenants by providing an
annual rental subsidy, renewable on the terms and conditions set forth herein
and subject to the availability of funds, that will supplement the tenant's rent
payment. This program enables a tenant to make an informed decision about
remaining in the property, moving to a new property, or obtaining other
financial housing assistance. Low-income tenants in the prepaying property are
eligible to receive a voucher to use at their current rental property, or to
take to any other rental unit in the United States and its territories. Tenants
in properties foreclosed on by RD are eligible for a Rural Development Voucher
under the same conditions as properties that go through the standard prepayment
process.



 There are some general limitations on the use of a voucher:



     The rental unit must pass a RD health and safety inspection, and the owner
must be willing to accept a Rural Development Voucher.

     Rural Development Vouchers cannot be used for units in subsidized housing,
like Section 8 and public housing, where two housing subsidies would result. The
Rural Development Voucher may be used for rental units in other properties
financed by RD, but it cannot be used in combination with the RD RA program.

     The Rural Development Voucher may not be used to purchase a home.



 a. Tenant Eligibility. In order to be eligible for the Rural Development
Voucher under this Notice, the tenant must meet the following conditions:



 1. Be residing in the Section 515 project on the date of the prepayment of the
Section 515 loan or foreclosure by RD;



 2. Be a United States (U.S.) citizen, U.S. citizen national, or a resident
alien that meets certain qualifications. In accordance with Section 214 of the
Housing and Community Development Act of 1980 (42 U.S.C. 1436a), financial
assistance under this voucher program can only be provided to a United States
(U.S.) citizen, U.S. non-citizen national, or a resident alien that meets
certain qualifications. RD considers the tenant who applies for the voucher
under this Notice as the individual receiving the financial assistance from the
voucher. Accordingly, the individual tenant who applies for a voucher under this
program must submit the following documentation (42 U.S.C. 1436a (d)):



 i. For citizens, a written declaration of U.S. citizenship signed under the
penalty of perjury. RD may request verification of the declaration by requiring
presentation of a U.S. passport, Social Security card, or other appropriate
documentation, as determined by RD;



 ii. For non-citizens who are 62 years of age or older, the evidence consists
of:



 A. A signed declaration of eligible immigration status; and



 B. Proof of age document; and



 iii. For all other non-citizens:



 A. A signed declaration of eligible immigration status;



 B. Alien registration documentation or other proof of immigration registration
from the United States Citizenship and Immigration Services (USCIS) that
contains the individual's alien admission number or alien file number; and



 C. A signed verification consent form that provides that evidence of eligible
immigration status may be released to RD and USCIS for purposes of verifying the
immigration status of the individual. RD shall provide a reasonable opportunity,
not to exceed 30 days, for an individual to submit evidence indicating a
satisfactory immigration status, or to appeal to the Immigration and
Naturalization Service the verification determination of the Immigration and
Naturalization Service; and



 3. Be a low-income tenant on the date of the prepayment or foreclosure. A
low-income tenant is a tenant whose annual income does not exceed 80 percent of
the tenant median income for the area as defined by HUD. HUD's definition of
median income can be found at:
https://www.huduser.gov/portal/datasets/il/il16/index_mfi.html.



 During the prepayment or foreclosure process, RD will evaluate the tenant to
determine if the tenant is low-income. If RD determines a tenant is low-income,
then within 90 days following the foreclosure or prepayment, RD will send the
tenant a letter offering the tenant a voucher and will enclose a Voucher
Obligation Request Form and a citizenship declaration form. If the tenant wants
to participate in the RDVP, the tenant has 10 months from the date of prepayment
or foreclosure to return the Voucher Obligation Request Form and the citizenship
declaration to the local RD Office. If RD determines that the tenant is
ineligible, RD will provide administrative appeal rights in accordance with 7
CFR part 11.



 b. Obtaining a Voucher. RD will monitor the prepayment request process or
foreclosure process, as applicable. As part of prepayment or foreclosure of the
Section 515 property, RD will determine market rents in the housing market area
prior to the date of prepayment or foreclosure. The market rents will be used to
calculate the amount of the voucher each tenant is entitled to receive.



 As noted above, all tenants will be notified if they are eligible and the
amount of the voucher within 90 days following the date of prepayment or
foreclosure. The tenant notice will include a description of the RDVP, a Voucher
Obligation Request Form, and letter from RD offering the tenant participation in
RDVP. The tenant has 10 months from the date of prepayment or foreclosure to
return the Voucher Obligation Request Form and the signed citizenship
declaration. Failure to submit the Voucher Obligation Request Form and the
signed citizenship declaration within the required timeframes eliminates the
tenant's opportunity to receive a voucher. A tenant's failure to respond within
the required timeframes is not appealable.



 Once the tenant returns the Voucher Obligation Request Form and the citizenship
declaration to RD, a voucher will be issued within 30 days subject to the
availability of funding. All information necessary for a housing search,
explanations of unit acceptability, and RD contact information will be provided
by RD to the tenant after the Voucher Obligation Request Form and citizenship
declaration are received. In cases where the foreclosure sale yields no
successful bidders and the property enters RD inventory, vouchers will only be
offered upon the property's entry into inventory. The voucher cannot be used at
an inventory property.



 The tenant receiving a Rural Development Voucher has an initial period of 60
calendar days from issuance of the voucher to find a housing unit. At its
discretion, RD may grant one or more extensions of the initial period for up to
an additional 60 days. Generally, the maximum voucher period for any tenant
participating in the RDVP is 120 days. RD will extend the voucher search period
beyond the 120 days only if the tenant needs and requests an extension of the
initial period as a reasonable accommodation to make the program accessible to a
disabled family member. If the Rural Development Voucher remains unused after a
period of 150 days from the date of original issuance, the Rural Development
Voucher will become void, any funding will be cancelled, and the tenant will no
longer be eligible to receive a Rural Development Voucher at that property.



 If a tenant previously participated in the RDVP and was subsequently
terminated, that tenant is ineligible for future participation in the RDVP.



 c. Initial Lease Term. The initial lease term for the housing unit where the
tenant wishes to use the Rural Development Voucher must be for one year. The
"initial lease" is the first lease signed by and between the tenant and the
property owner.



 d. Inspection of Units and Unit Approval. Once the tenant finds a housing unit,
Rural Development will inspect and determine if the housing standard is
acceptable within 30 days of RD's receipt of the HUD Form 52517, "Request for
Tenancy Approval Housing Choice Voucher Program" found at
http://portal.hud.gov/hudportal/documents/huddoc?id=52517.pdf and the Disclosure
of Information on Lead-Based Paint Hazards. The inspection standards currently
in effect for the RD Section 515 Multi-Family Housing program apply to the RDVP.
RD must inspect the unit and ensure that the unit meets the housing inspection
standards set forth at 7 CFR 3560.103. Under no circumstances will RD make
voucher rental payments for any period of time prior to the date that RD
physically inspects the unit and determines the unit meets the housing
inspection standards. In the case of properties financed by RD under the Section
515 program, RD will only accept the results of physical inspections performed
no more than one year prior to the date of receipt by RD of Form HUD 52517, in
order to make determinations on acceptable housing standards. Before approving
tenancy or executing a Housing Assistance Payments contract, RD must first
determine that the following conditions are met:



 1. The unit has been inspected by RD and passes the housing standards
inspection or has otherwise been found acceptable by RD, as noted previously;
and



 2. The lease includes the HUD Tenancy Addendum. A copy of the HUD Tenancy
Addendum will be provided by RD when the tenant is informed he/she is eligible
for a voucher.



 Once the conditions in the above paragraph are met, RD will approve the unit
for leasing. RD will then execute with the owner a Housing Assistance Payments
(HAP) contract, Form HUD-52641. The HAP contract must be executed before Rural
Development Voucher payments can be made. RD will attempt to execute the HAP
contract on behalf of the tenant before the beginning of the lease term. In the
event that this does not occur, the HAP contract may be executed up to 60
calendar days after the beginning of the lease term. If the HAP contract is
executed during this 60-day period, RD will make retroactive housing assistance
payments to the owner, on behalf of the tenant, to cover the portion of the
approved lease term before execution of the HAP contract. The HAP contract and
lease will need to be revised to the later effective date. RD will not execute a
HAP contract that is dated prior to either the prepayment date of the Section
515 loan, or the date of foreclosure, as appropriate. Any HAP contract executed
after the 60-day period will be considered untimely. If the failure to execute
the HAP contract within the aforementioned 60-day period lies with the owner, as
determined by RD, then RD will not pay any housing assistance payment to the
owner for that period.



 e. Subsidy Calculations for Rural Development Vouchers. As stated earlier, an
eligible tenant will be notified of the maximum voucher amount within 90 days
following prepayment or foreclosure. The maximum voucher amount for the RDVP is
the difference between the market rent in the housing market area and the
tenant's contribution on the date of the prepayment, as determined by RD. The
voucher amount will be based on the market rent; the voucher amount will never
exceed the market rent at the time of prepayment even if the tenant chooses to
stay in-place.



 Also, in no event will the Rural Development Voucher payment exceed the actual
tenant lease rent. The amount of the voucher will not change either over time or
if the tenant chooses to move to a more expensive location.



 f. Mobility and Portability of Rural Development Vouchers. An eligible tenant
that is issued a Rural Development Voucher may elect to use the voucher in the
same project, or may choose to move to another location. The Rural Development
Voucher may be used at the prepaid property or any other rental unit in the
United States and its territories that passes RD physical inspection standards,
and where the owner will accept a Rural Development Voucher and execute a Form
HUD 52641. Both the tenant and landlord must inform RD if the tenant plans to
move during the HAP agreement term, even to a new unit in the same complex. All
moves (within a complex or to another complex) require a new voucher obligation
form, a new inspection by RD, and a new HAP agreement. In addition, HUD Section
8 and federally-assisted public housing are excluded from the RDVP because those
units are already federally subsidized; tenants with a Rural Development Voucher
would have to give up the Rural Development Voucher to accept those other types
of assistance at those properties. However, while the Rural Development Voucher
may be used in other properties financed by RD, it cannot be used in combination
with the RD RA program. Tenants with a Rural Development Voucher that apply for
housing in an RD-financed property must choose between using the voucher or RA,
if available. If the tenant relinquishes the Rural Development Voucher in favor
of RA, the tenant is not eligible to receive another Rural Development Voucher
while the tenant is receiving such RA.



 g. Term of Funding and Conditions for Renewal for Rural Development Vouchers.
The RDVP provides voucher assistance over 12 monthly payments. The voucher is
issued to the household in the name of the primary tenant as the voucher holder.
The voucher is not transferable from the voucher holder to any other household
member, except in the case of the voucher holder's death or involuntary
household separation, such as the incarceration of the voucher holder or
transfer of the voucher holder to an assisted living or nursing home facility.
Upon receiving documentation of such cases, the voucher may be transferred at
the Agency's discretion to another tenant on the voucher holder's lease.



 The voucher is renewable subject to the availability of appropriations to the
USDA. In order to renew a voucher, a tenant must return a signed Voucher
Obligation Request Form, which will be sent to the tenant within 60-90 days
before the current voucher expires. If the voucher holder fails to return the
renewal Voucher Obligation Request Form before the current voucher funding
expires, the voucher will be terminated and no renewal will occur.



 In order to ensure continued eligibility to use the Rural Development Voucher,
tenants must certify at the time they apply for renewal of the voucher that the
current tenant income does not exceed the "maximum income level," which is 80
percent of family median income (a HUD dataset broken down by State, and then by
county). RD will advise the tenant of the maximum income level when the renewal
Voucher Obligation Request Form is sent.



 Renewal requests will enjoy no preference over other voucher requests, and will
be processed as described in this Notice.

 III. Non-Discrimination Statement



 In accordance with Federal civil rights law and U.S. Department of Agriculture
(USDA) civil rights regulations and policies, the USDA its Agencies, offices,
and employees, and institutions participating in or administering USDA programs
are prohibited from discrimination based on race, color, national origin,
religion, sex, gender identity (including gender expression, sexual orientation,
disability, age, marital status, family/parental status, income derived from a
public assistance program, political beliefs, or reprisal or retaliation for
prior civil rights activity, in any program or activity conducted or funded by
USDA (not all bases apply to all programs). Remedies and complaint filing
deadlines vary by program or incident.



 Persons with disabilities who require alternative means of communication for
program information (e.g., Braille, large print, audiotape, American Sign
Language, etc.) should contact the responsible Agency or USDA's TARGET Center at
(202) 720-2600 (voice and TTY) or contact USDA through the Federal Relay Service
at (800) 877-8339. Additionally, program information may be made available in
languages other than English.



 To file a program discrimination complaint, complete the USDA Program
Discrimination Complaint Form, AD-3027, found online at
http://www.ascr.usda.gov/complaint_filing_cust.html, and at any USDA office or
write a letter addressed to USDA and provide in the letter all of the
information requested in the form. To request a copy of the complaint form, call
(866) 632-9992 to request the form. Submit your completed form or letter to USDA
by:



 (1) Mail: U.S. Department of Agriculture, Office of the Assistant Secretary for
Civil Rights, 1400 Independence Avenue SW., Washington, DC 20250-9410;



 (2) fax (202) 690-7442; or



 (3) email: program.intake@usda.gov



 USDA is an equal opportunity provider, employer, and lender.

 IV. Paperwork Reduction Act



 The information collection requirements contained in this document are those of
the Housing Choice Voucher Program, which have been approved by the Office of
Management and Budget (OMB) under the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995 (44 U.S.C.
3501-3520) and assigned OMB control number 2577-0169.

 Dated: June 22, 2016.

 Tony Hernandez,

 Administrator, Rural Housing Service.

 [FR Doc. 2016-15393 Filed 6-28-16; 8:45 am]

 BILLING CODE 3410-XV-P



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: June 30, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              73 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             March 17, 2015 Tuesday

Rural Development Voucher Program

LENGTH: 3288  words


Washington, D.C.: This Notice document was issued by the Rural Housing Service
(RHS)

Action

Notice.
Summary

The U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA) in fiscal year (FY) 2006 established
the demonstration Rural Development Voucher Program (RDVP), as authorized under
Section 542 of the Housing Act of 1949 as amended (42 U.S.C. 1490R) (without
regard to Section 542(b)). This Notice informs the public of the general
policies and procedures for the RDVP for FY 2015. Rural Development Vouchers are
only available to low-income tenants of Rural Development (RD)-financed
multi-family properties where the Rural Rental Housing loan (Section 515) has
been prepaid (either through prepayment or foreclosure action), prior to the
loan's maturity date.
Dates

In order for eligible tenants to participate, a voucher obligation form must be
submitted within 10 months of the foreclosure or pre-payment.
For Further Information Contact

Stephanie B.M. White, Director, Multi-Family Housing Portfolio Management
Division, Rural Development, U.S. Department of Agriculture, 1400 Independence
Avenue SW., STOP 0782, Washington, DC 20250, telephone (202) 720-1615. Persons
with hearing or speech impairments may access this number via TDD by calling the
toll-free Federal Information Relay Service at (800) 877-8339.
Supplementary Information
I. Background

This Notice outlines the process for providing voucher assistance to eligible
tenants when a property owner either prepays a Section 515 loan or USDA action
results in a foreclosure after September 30, 2005.
II. Design Features of the RDVP

This section sets forth the design features of the RDVP, including the
eligibility of tenants, the inspection of the housing units, and the calculation
of the subsidy amount.

Rural Development Vouchers under this part are administered by the Rural Housing
Service, an agency under the RD mission area, in accordance with requirements
set forth in this Notice and further explained in, "The Rural Development
Voucher Program Guide," which can be obtained by contacting any RD Office.
Contact information for RD offices can be found at:
http://www.rurdev.usda.gov/StateOfficeAddresses.html. These requirements are
generally based on the housing choice voucher program regulations of the
Department of Housing and Urban Development (HUD) set forth at 24 CFR part 982,
unless otherwise noted by this Notice.

The RDVP is intended to offer protection to eligible Multi-Family Housing
tenants in properties financed through RD's Section 515 Rural Rental Housing
program (Section 515 property) who may be subject to economic hardship due to
the property owner's prepayment of the RD mortgage. When the owner of a Section
515 property pays off the loan prior to the loan's maturity date (either through
prepayment or foreclosure action), the RD affordable housing requirements and
Rental Assistance (RA) subsidies generally cease to exist. Rents may increase,
thereby making the housing unaffordable to tenants. Regardless, the tenant may
become responsible for the full payment of rent when a prepayment occurs,
whether or not the rent increases.

The Rural Development Voucher is intended to help tenants by providing an annual
rental subsidy, renewable on the terms and conditions set forth herein and
subject to the availability of funds, that will supplement the tenant's rent
payment. This program enables a tenant to make an informed decision about
remaining in the property, moving to a new property, or obtaining other
financial housing assistance. Low-income tenants in the prepaying property are
eligible to receive a voucher to use at their current rental property, or to
take to any other rental unit in the United States and its territories. Tenants
in properties foreclosed on by RD are eligible for a Rural Development Voucher
under the same conditions as properties that go through the standard prepayment
process.

There are some general limitations on the use of a voucher:

The rental unit must pass a RD health and safety inspection, and the owner must
be willing to accept a Rural Development Voucher.
    Rural Development Vouchers cannot be used for units in subsidizedhousing,
like Section 8 and public housing, where two housing subsidies would result. The
Rural Development Voucher may be used for rental units in other properties
financed by RD, but it cannot be used in combination with the RD RA program.
    The Rural Development Voucher may not be used to purchase a home.

a. Tenant Eligibility. In order to be eligible for the Rural Development Voucher
under this Notice, the tenant must meet the following conditions:

1. Be residing in the Section 515 project on the date of the prepayment of the
Section 515 loan or foreclosure by RD;

2. Be a United States (U.S.) citizen, U.S. citizen national, or a resident alien
that meets certain qualifications. In accordance with Section 214 of the Housing
and Community Development Act of 1980 (42 U.S.C. 1436a), financial assistance
under this voucher program can only be provided to a United States (U.S.)
citizen, U.S. non-citizen national, or a resident alien that meets certain
qualifications. RD considers the tenant who applies for the voucher under this
Notice as the individual receiving the financial assistance from the voucher.
Accordingly, the individual tenant who applies for a voucher under this program
must submit the following documentation (42 U.S.C. 1436a(d)):

i. For citizens, a written declaration of U.S. citizenship signed under the
penalty of perjury. RD may request verification of the declaration by requiring
presentation of a U.S. passport, Social Security card, or other appropriate
documentation, as determined by RD;

ii. For non-citizens who are 62 years of age or older, the evidence consists of:

A. A signed declaration of eligible immigration status; and

B. Proof of age document; and

iii. For all other non-citizens:

A. A signed declaration of eligible immigration status;

B. Alien registration documentation or other proof of immigration registration
from the United States Citizenship and Immigration Services (USCIS) that
contains the individual's alien admission number or alien file number; and

C. A signed verification consent form that provides that evidence of eligible
immigration status may be released to RD and USCIS for purposes of verifying the
immigration status of the individual. RD shall provide a reasonable opportunity,
not to exceed 30 days, for an individual to submit evidence indicating a
satisfactory immigration status, or to appeal to the Immigration and
Naturalization Service the verification determination of the Immigration and
Naturalization Service; and

3. Be a low-income tenant on the date of the prepayment or foreclosure. A
low-income tenant is a tenant whose annual income does not exceed 80 percent of
the tenant median income for the area as defined by HUD. HUD's definition of
median income can be found at:
http://www.huduser.org/portal/datasets/il/il14/index_mfi.html.

During the prepayment or foreclosure process, RD will evaluate the tenant to
determine if the tenant is low-income. If RD determines a tenant is low-income,
then within 90 days following the foreclosure or prepayment, RD will send the
tenant a letter offering the tenant a voucher and will enclose a Voucher
Obligation Request Form and a citizenship declaration form. If the tenant wants
to participate in the RDVP, the tenant has 10 months from the date of prepayment
or foreclosure to return the Voucher Obligation Request Form and the citizenship
declaration to the local RD Office. If RD determines that the tenant is
ineligible, RD will provide administrative appeal rights in accordance with 7
CFR part 11.

b. Obtaining a Voucher. RD will monitor the prepayment request process or
foreclosure process, as applicable. As part of prepayment or foreclosure of the
Section 515 property, RD will determine market rents in the housing market area
prior to the date of prepayment or foreclosure. The market rents will be used to
calculate the amount of the voucher each tenant is entitled to receive.

As noted above, all tenants will be notified if they are eligible and the amount
of the voucher within 90 days following the date of prepayment or foreclosure.
The tenant notice will include a description of the RDVP, a Voucher Obligation
Request Form, and letter from RD offering the tenant participation in RDVP. The
tenant has 10 months from the date of prepayment or foreclosure to return the
Voucher Obligation Request Form and the signed citizenship declaration. Failure
to submit the Voucher Obligation Request Form and the signed citizenship
declaration within the required timeframes eliminates the tenant's opportunity
to receive a voucher. A tenant's failure to respond within the required
timeframes is not appealable.

Once the tenant returns the Voucher Obligation Request Form and the citizenship
declaration to RD, a voucher will be issued within 30 days subject to the
availability of funding. All information necessary for a housing search,
explanations of unit acceptability, and RD contact information will be provided
by RD to the tenant after the Voucher Obligation Request Form and citizenship
declaration are received. In cases where the foreclosure sale yields no
successful bidders and the property enters RD inventory, vouchers will only be
offered upon the property's entry into inventory. The voucher cannot be used at
an inventory property.

The tenant receiving a Rural Development Voucher has an initial period of 60
calendar days from issuance of the voucher to find a housing unit. At its
discretion, RD may grant one or more extensions of the initial period for up to
an additional 60 days. Generally, the maximum voucher period for any tenant
participating in the RDVP is 120 days. RD will extend the voucher search period
beyond the 120 days only if the tenant needs and requests an extension of the
initial period as a reasonable accommodation to make the program accessible to a
disabled family member. If the Rural Development Voucher remains unused after a
period of 150 days from the date of original issuance, the Rural Development
Voucher will become void, any funding will be cancelled, and the tenant will no
longer be eligible to receive a Rural Development Voucher at that property.

If a tenant previously participated in the RDVP and was subsequently terminated,
that tenant is ineligible for future participation in the RDVP.

c. Initial Lease Term. The initial lease term for the housing unit where the
tenant wishes to use the Rural Development Voucher must be for one year. The
"initial lease" is the first lease signed by and between the tenant and the
property owner.

d. Inspection of Units and Unit Approval. Once the tenant finds a housing unit,
Rural Development will inspect and determine if the housing standard is
acceptable within 30 days of RD's receipt of the HUD Form 52517, "Request for
Tenancy Approval Housing Choice Voucher Program" found at:
http://portal.hud.gov/hudportal/documents/huddoc?id=52517.pdf and the Disclosure
of Information on Lead-Based Paint Hazards. The inspection standards currently
in effect for the RD Section 515 Multi-Family Housing program apply to the RDVP.
RD must inspect the unit and ensure that the unit meets the housing inspection
standards set forth at 7 CFR 3560.103. Under no circumstances will RD make
voucher rental payments for any period of time prior to the date that RD
physically inspects the unit and determines the unit meets the housing
inspectionstandards. In the case of properties financed by RD under the Section
515 program, RD will only accept the results of physical inspections performed
no more than one year prior to the date of receipt by RD of Form HUD 52517, in
order to make determinations on acceptable housing standards. Before approving
tenancy or executing a Housing Assistance Payments contract, RD must first
determine that the following conditions are met:

1. The unit has been inspected by RD and passes the housing standards inspection
or has otherwise been found acceptable by RD, as noted previously; and

2. The lease includes the HUD Tenancy Addendum. A copy of the HUD Tenancy
Addendum will be provided by RD when the tenant is informed he/she is eligible
for a voucher.

Once the conditions in the above paragraph are met, RD will approve the unit for
leasing. RD will then execute with the owner a Housing Assistance Payments (HAP)
contract, Form HUD-52641. The HAP contract must be executed before Rural
Development Voucher payments can be made. RD will attempt to execute the HAP
contract on behalf of the tenant before the beginning of the lease term. In the
event that this does not occur, the HAP contract may be executed up to 60
calendar days after the beginning of the lease term. If the HAP contract is
executed during this 60-day period, RD will make retroactive housing assistance
payments to the owner, on behalf of the tenant, to cover the portion of the
approved lease term before execution of the HAP contract. The HAP contract and
lease will need to be revised to the later effective date. RD will not execute a
HAP contract that is dated prior to either the prepayment date of the Section
515 loan, or the date of foreclosure, as appropriate. Any HAP contract executed
after the 60-day period will be considered untimely. If the failure to execute
the HAP contract within the aforementioned 60-day period lies with the owner, as
determined by RD, then RD will not pay any housing assistance payment to the
owner for that period.

e. Subsidy Calculations for Rural Development Vouchers. As stated earlier, an
eligible tenant will be notified of the maximum voucher amount within 90 days
following prepayment or foreclosure. The maximum voucher amount for the RDVP is
the difference between the market rent in the housing market area and the
tenant's contribution on the date of the prepayment, as determined by RD. The
voucher amount will be based on the market rent; the voucher amount will never
exceed the market rent at the time of prepayment even if the tenant chooses to
stay in-place.

Also, in no event will the Rural Development Voucher payment exceed the actual
tenant lease rent. The amount of the voucher will not change either over time or
if the tenant chooses to move to a more expensive location.

f. Mobility and Portability of Rural Development Vouchers. An eligible tenant
that is issued a Rural Development Voucher may elect to use the voucher in the
same project, or may choose to move to another location. The Rural Development
Voucher may be used at the prepaid property or any other rental unit in the
United States and its territories that passes RD physical inspection standards,
and where the owner will accept a Rural Development Voucher and execute a Form
HUD 52641. Both the tenant and landlord must inform RD if the tenant plans to
move during the HAP agreement term, even to a new unit in the same complex. All
moves (within a complex or to another complex) require a new voucher obligation
form, a new inspection by RD, and a new HAP agreement. In addition, HUD Section
8 and federally-assisted public housing are excluded from the RDVP because those
units are already federally subsidized; tenants with a Rural Development Voucher
would have to give up the Rural Development Voucher to accept those other types
of assistance at those properties. However, while the Rural Development Voucher
may be used in other properties financed by RD, it cannot be used in combination
with the RD RA program. Tenants with a Rural Development Voucher that apply for
housing in an RD-financed property must choose between using the voucher or RA,
if available. If the tenant relinquishes the Rural Development Voucher in favor
of RA, the tenant is not eligible to receive another Rural Development Voucher
while the tenant is receiving such RA.

g. Term of Funding and Conditions for Renewal for Rural Development Vouchers.
The RDVP provides voucher assistance over 12 monthly payments. The voucher is
issued to the household in the name of the primary tenant as the voucher holder.
The voucher is not transferable from the voucher holder to any other household
member, except in the case of the voucher holder's death or involuntary
household separation, such as the incarceration of the voucher holder or
transfer of the voucher holder to an assisted living or nursing home facility.
Upon receiving documentation of such cases, the voucher may be transferred at
the Agency's discretion to another tenant on the voucher holder's lease.

The voucher is renewable subject to the availability of appropriations to the
USDA. In order to renew a voucher, a tenant must return a signed Voucher
Obligation Request Form, which will be sent to the tenant within 60-90 days
before the current voucher expires. If the voucher holder fails to return the
renewal Voucher Obligation Request Form before the current voucher funding
expires, the voucher will be terminated and no renewal will occur.

In order to ensure continued eligibility to use the Rural Development Voucher,
tenants must certify at the time they apply for renewal of the voucher that the
current tenant income does not exceed the "maximum income level," which is 80
percent of family median income (a HUD dataset broken down by State, and then
county). RD will advise the tenant of the maximum income level when the renewal
Voucher Obligation Request Form is sent.

Renewal requests will enjoy no preference over other voucher requests, and will
be processed as described in this Notice.
III. Non-Discrimination Statement

USDA prohibits discrimination in all its programs and activities on the basis of
race, color, national origin, age, disability, and where applicable, sex,
marital status, familial status, parental status, religion, sexual orientation,
genetic information, political beliefs, reprisal, or because of all or part of
an individual's income is derived from any public assistance program. (Not all
prohibited bases apply to all programs.) Persons with disabilities who require
alternative means for communication of program information (Braille, large
print, audiotape, etc.) should contact USDA's TARGET Center at (202) 720-2600
(voice and TDD).

If you wish to file a Civil Rights program complaint of discrimination, complete
the USDA Program Discrimination Complaint Form, found online at:
http://www.ascr.usda.gov/complaint_filing_cust.html or at any USDA Office, or
call (866) 632-9992 to request the form. Send your completed complaint form or
letter by mail to: U.S. Department of Agriculture, Director, Office of
Adjudication, 1400 Independence Avenue SW., Washington, DC 20250; by fax at
(202) 690-7442; or, by email at: program.intake@usda.gov Individuals who are
deaf, hard of hearing or have speech disabilities and who wish to file a program
complaint should please contact USDA through the Federal RelayService at (800)
877-8339 or (800) 845-6136 (in Spanish). USDA is an equal opportunity provider
and employer. The full "Non-Discrimination Statement" is found at:
http://www.usda.gov.wps/portal/usda/usdahome?navtype=Non_Discrimination.
IV. Paperwork Reduction Act

The information collection requirements contained in this document are those of
the Housing Choice Voucher Program, which have been approved by the Office of
Management and Budget (OMB) under the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995 (44 U.S.C.
3501-3520) and assigned OMB control number 2577-0169.
Dated: March 3, 2015.
Tony Hernandez,
Administrator, Housing and Community Facilities Programs.
[FR Doc. 2015-05433 Filed 3-6-15; 8:45 am]
BILLING CODE 3410-XV-P

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: March 17, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              74 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The Bakersfield Californian

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                            October 3, 2015 Saturday

HUD expects fair market rent to decrease in Kern County

BYLINE: J.W. Burch Iv, The Bakersfield Californian

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 341 words


Oct. 03--From studio apartments to four-bedroom rental houses, fair market rents
are expected to decrease in Kern County next year, according to the U.S.
Department of Housing and Urban Development.

Studio apartments will see the biggest decrease at 5.9 percent, with values
heading down from $631 to $594 -- while one-bedroom apartments or houses will
barely register a change, dropping just 0.8 percent, or about $5.

But don't go running to your landlord demanding a discount, because fair market
rents are primarily used to determine payment amounts for the Housing Choice
Voucher program, Section 8 contracts and Moderate Rehabilitation Single Room
Occupancy contracts. It also serves as a rent ceiling in the HOME rental
assistance program.

"I'm not sure it is necessarily an exact measure of what actual fair market rent
is, but it is somewhat of an indicator," Bakersfield Community Development
Coordinator Ryan Bland said. "Generally, we use it as a performance tool when
evaluating housing projects."

Bland speculated that the reduced numbers could be the result of foreclosures
that hit the county, or an increase in affordable housing projects.

Over the past five years, approximately 235 affordable housing units have been
constructed through four projects, according to Bland.

"It kind of depends on how good the sample is in a particular year," Bland said.

Multi-family development has seen a bit of an uptick in the past few years, he
added.

Bland also noted that three-bedroom and four-bedroom units are not as prevalent
in the public sector, which makes their decreases of 3.3 percent and 3.4
percent, respectively, less reliable.

"They (HUD) aren't just looking at affordable housing," Bland said. "They kind
of take what the census data is and make several different adjustments to it.
They are trying to get as close as they can while also being fair."

___ (c)2015 The Bakersfield Californian (Bakersfield, Calif.) Visit The
Bakersfield Californian (Bakersfield, Calif.) at www.bakersfield.com Distributed
by Tribune Content Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: October 3, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20151003-BK-HUD-expects-fair-market-rent-to-decrease-in-Kern-County-1003-2015100
3

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: BK


                   Copyright 2015 The Bakersfield Californian


                              75 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Deming Headlight (New Mexico)

                           September 17, 2012 Monday

New apartment complex planned for Deming

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 229 words


ALBUQUERQUE - USDA Rural Development State Director Terry Brunner will travel to
Deming, New Mexico to help break ground for the newest apartment complex being
built in the southwestern part of the state Tuesday.

A groundbreaking ceremony is planed for 3 p.m., today at 878 N. Iron Street,
site of the new affordable housing complex.

The funding for the construction of the 24-unit Sierra Vista Apartment Complex
is being made possible through a $1,000,000 loan by USDA Rural Development's
Multi-Family Housing Program and tax credit proceeds in the amount of $4,426,694
though the New Mexico Mortgage Finance Authority.

Also included in the construction at the complex will be a manager's unit, a
common area for use by tenants, and two centrally located playgrounds.

USDA Rural Development's rural rental housing loans are made to provide
affordable multi-family rental housing for very low-, low-, and moderate-income
families, the elderly, and persons with disabilities.

During the event Brunner will present a plaque to the Parkside Manor Limited
Partnership made up by J. L. Gray and Associates from Las Cruces and the SW
Regional Housing and Community Development Corporation from Deming.

After the plaque presentation Brunner will join representatives from both
organizations in a ceremonial groundbreaking to officially begin the
construction of the new apartment complex.

LOAD-DATE: September 17, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


          Copyright 2012 Deming Headlight, a MediaNews Group Newspaper
                              All Rights Reserved


                              76 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                             National Mortgage News

                                 April 13, 1998

Bonds Secured by Section 8 Reviewed

SECTION: SECURITIZATION; Pg. 7

LENGTH: 242 words

DATELINE: New York


Seven series of bonds secured by Section 8 housing subsidies have been placed
under review for possible downgrade by Moody's Investors Service.

The action followed a reexamination by Moody's of 94 Section 8 bonds to
determine how they were affected by a permanent rent freeze on certain Section 8
projects imposed by the Balanced Budget Act of 1997. Under the law, projects
with rent above the level determined to be the "fair market rent" may never see
a rent hike unless they do a comparability study, the rating agency said.

"Stagnant revenues combined with the expectation of rising expenses throughout
the life of the bonds will result in steadily decreasing debt service coverage,"
Moody's said.

The bonds placed under review for possible downgrade are: Augusta Housing
Rehabilitation Agency, Georgia Taxable Mortgage Revenue Bonds (Bon Air); Hobbs
Housing Assistance Corp., New Mexico First Lien Revenue Bonds, Series 1979;
Lockport Housing Development Corp., New York Mortgage Revenue Refunding Bonds,
Series 1997A (Urban Park Towers - Section 8 Assisted Project);

Nebraska Investment Finance Authority Multi-Family Housing Revenue Bonds,
(Yorkshire), Series 1993; Aurora Housing and Redevelopment Authority, Minnesota
Multifamily Housing Revenue Bonds (Irongate), Series 1996; Gainesville Housing
Authority, Texas Multi-Family Mortgage Revenue Bonds; and Boaz Elderly Housing
Corp., Alabama Housing Development Bonds, Series 1978.

LOAD-DATE: April 22, 1998

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                         Copyright 1998 Faulkner & Gray


                              77 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            December 30, 2016 Friday

Washington: FEMA to North Carolina Survivors: Call Us

LENGTH: 656  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: Federal Emergency Management Agency has issued the following news
release:



 If you feel confused about the next step in your recovery, like finding housing
or understanding what documents you may need to have on hand, FEMA says call us
at 800-621-3362.





 If you disagree with a decision made by FEMA, or need help making a recovery
plan, FEMA says call us. If you know people who seem stuck, tell them to call
FEMA. If you haven't heard from FEMA and you were expecting to, call
800-621-3362.



 Calling FEMA to get answers may be especially useful to those living in hotels
as part of the Transitional Sheltering Assistance (TSA) program. If you are part
of the TSA program, you should be working on finding a more permanent place to
live as soon as possible.



 Here are some resources that can help you:



     < > (http://NCHousingSearch.org) a free service to locate available and
affordable rental housing. The service is available online or through this
toll-free, bilingual call center, Monday through Friday, 9 a.m. to 8 p.m., at
877-428-8844.



     The FEMA Housing Portal (https://asd.fema.gov/inter/hportal/home.htm)
provides rental housing information arranged by area.



     If you lived in public housing or a multi-family Section 8 apartment or had
a Housing Choice Voucher before Hurricane Matthew, the U.S. Housing and Urban
Development (HUD) may be able to help you. Contact the housing provider that
assisted you before the disaster and contact HUD at 336-851-8058 or email
hudhelpingu@hud.gov (mailto:hudhelping@hub.gov).



 Are you facing foreclosure? HUD may offer information and assistance. Call
800-569-4287 to talk to a housing counselor.



 Voluntary organizations in your community may help you in a number of ways
including finding housing. Referrals for unmet needs are available by calling
the United Way at 211. North Carolina Voluntary Organizations Active in Disaster
offers a list of organizations currently assisting survivors at
https://www.ncvoad.org/cms/NCVOADmembership.



 And, if you feel you don 't know what steps to take next, call FEMA at
800-621-3362.



 Finally, if you have not registered with FEMA for assistance, do so now.  The
registration deadline is Monday, Jan. 9. Here's how to register:



     Online at DisasterAssistance.gov.



     Call the FEMA Helpline at 800-621-3362 for voice, 711 and Video Relay
Service. If you are deaf, hard of hearing or have a speech disability and use a
TTY, call 800-462-7585.

     Download the FEMA Mobile App and apply.

     Visit a FEMA/North Carolina Emergency Management disaster recovery center
for face-to-face help. You can register with FEMA and have questions answered.
DRCs are located in Wayne, Edgecombe, Cumberland and Robeson counties.



 If you have been contacted by the U.S. Small Business Administration (SBA), you
should fill out and submit the disaster loan application.



     An SBA disaster loan may provide you with the funds you need to repair your
home and move on with your life.



     Not submitting your disaster loan application will stop FEMA from
considering you for any other assistance.



     Even if you qualify for an SBA disaster loan, there is no requirement that
you have to accept it.



     If you have questions about the SBA, call its hotline: 800-659-2955
(800-877-8339 TTY). Or go online to https://disasterloan.sba.gov/ela/ to apply
online.



 FEMA can't help you solve your resource problems unless you call at
800-621-3362. If you use TTY, call 800-462-7585. Those who use 711 or Video
Relay Service can call 800-621-3362. Lines are open from 7 a.m. to 11 p.m. EDT,
seven days a week, until further notice.



 You can also visit a North Carolina disaster recovery center and speak with a
disaster assistance representative. Currently there are DRCs in Wayne,
Edgecombe, Cumberland and Robeson counties.





 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: December 31, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              78 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            December 30, 2016 Friday

Washington: FEMA to North Carolina Survivors: Call Us

LENGTH: 656  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: Federal Emergency Management Agency has issued the following news
release:



 If you feel confused about the next step in your recovery, like finding housing
or understanding what documents you may need to have on hand, FEMA says call us
at 800-621-3362.





 If you disagree with a decision made by FEMA, or need help making a recovery
plan, FEMA says call us. If you know people who seem stuck, tell them to call
FEMA. If you haven't heard from FEMA and you were expecting to, call
800-621-3362.



 Calling FEMA to get answers may be especially useful to those living in hotels
as part of the Transitional Sheltering Assistance (TSA) program. If you are part
of the TSA program, you should be working on finding a more permanent place to
live as soon as possible.



 Here are some resources that can help you:



     < > (http://NCHousingSearch.org) a free service to locate available and
affordable rental housing. The service is available online or through this
toll-free, bilingual call center, Monday through Friday, 9 a.m. to 8 p.m., at
877-428-8844.



     The FEMA Housing Portal (https://asd.fema.gov/inter/hportal/home.htm)
provides rental housing information arranged by area.



     If you lived in public housing or a multi-family Section 8 apartment or had
a Housing Choice Voucher before Hurricane Matthew, the U.S. Housing and Urban
Development (HUD) may be able to help you. Contact the housing provider that
assisted you before the disaster and contact HUD at 336-851-8058 or email
hudhelpingu@hud.gov (mailto:hudhelping@hub.gov).



 Are you facing foreclosure? HUD may offer information and assistance. Call
800-569-4287 to talk to a housing counselor.



 Voluntary organizations in your community may help you in a number of ways
including finding housing. Referrals for unmet needs are available by calling
the United Way at 211. North Carolina Voluntary Organizations Active in Disaster
offers a list of organizations currently assisting survivors at
https://www.ncvoad.org/cms/NCVOADmembership.



 And, if you feel you don 't know what steps to take next, call FEMA at
800-621-3362.



 Finally, if you have not registered with FEMA for assistance, do so now.  The
registration deadline is Monday, Jan. 9. Here's how to register:



     Online at DisasterAssistance.gov.



     Call the FEMA Helpline at 800-621-3362 for voice, 711 and Video Relay
Service. If you are deaf, hard of hearing or have a speech disability and use a
TTY, call 800-462-7585.

     Download the FEMA Mobile App and apply.

     Visit a FEMA/North Carolina Emergency Management disaster recovery center
for face-to-face help. You can register with FEMA and have questions answered.
DRCs are located in Wayne, Edgecombe, Cumberland and Robeson counties.



 If you have been contacted by the U.S. Small Business Administration (SBA), you
should fill out and submit the disaster loan application.



     An SBA disaster loan may provide you with the funds you need to repair your
home and move on with your life.



     Not submitting your disaster loan application will stop FEMA from
considering you for any other assistance.



     Even if you qualify for an SBA disaster loan, there is no requirement that
you have to accept it.



     If you have questions about the SBA, call its hotline: 800-659-2955
(800-877-8339 TTY). Or go online to https://disasterloan.sba.gov/ela/ to apply
online.



 FEMA can't help you solve your resource problems unless you call at
800-621-3362. If you use TTY, call 800-462-7585. Those who use 711 or Video
Relay Service can call 800-621-3362. Lines are open from 7 a.m. to 11 p.m. EDT,
seven days a week, until further notice.



 You can also visit a North Carolina disaster recovery center and speak with a
disaster assistance representative. Currently there are DRCs in Wayne,
Edgecombe, Cumberland and Robeson counties.





 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: December 30, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              79 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                 The Daily Record of Rochester (Rochester, NY)

                            January 16, 2004 Friday

Blueberry Hill Apartment owner pays $300,000 settlement

BYLINE: Staff

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 581 words


Blueberry Hill Apartments, built in 1994, located in the Town of Chili, will pay
$300,000 to persons with disabilities for not making its new construction
multi-family housing facility fully accessible under the Fair Housing Act.

The terms of the settlement require the apartment complex to: pay $75,000 to the
plaintiffs in the case; set aside $225,000 for a settlement fund to compensate
persons who have been harmed by the lack of accessible features; publish a
public notice of the settlement fund to possible victims; pay a $3,000 civil
penalty; notify all agents and employees involved in the design, construction,
rental, or sale of covered multi-family dwellings of the settlement; undergo
fair housing training; make modifications to the interior and exterior of the
complex; and retrofit 120 ground floor units.

Under the Fair Housing Act, in apartment complexes and condominiums with four or
more units and no elevator that were built after March 13, 1991, the
ground-floor units must include accessible common and public use areas such as
parking lots; walkways; recreational areas; clubhouses; accessible routes into
and through the dwelling; doors wide enough to accommodate persons who use
wheelchairs; outlets and environmental controls at accessible heights; bathroom
walls that have reinforcements for the installation of grab bars; as well as
bathrooms and kitchens that are large enough for people who use wheelchairs to
maneuver within them.

Osborn, confined to a wheelchair by a stroke, and his adult daughter had
arranged to lease an apartment over the phone from California, where he
previously resided. When he and his daughter arrived it became apparent that the
apartment complex was not conducive to his reasonable needs. Blueberry Hill
Apartments failed to design and construct the complex as required by the Fair
Housing Act. Further, in not making the requested modifications for Osborn when
asked, they discriminated against the Osborns, thus violating the Fair Housing
Act.

This case began when the local Fair Housing Enforcement Project, a program of
Monroe County Legal Assistance Corporation, filed a complaint with the U.S.
Department of Housing and Urban Development in 1999 on behalf of the Osborns.

"Ensuring that all Americans live in safe, affordable and accessible housing is
one of HUD's highest missions," said Marisel Morales, HUD regional director for
New York and New Jersey. "This settlement agreement, which provides financial
compensation to the Osborn family among other remedies, surely demonstrates that
owners of multi-family developments must take their Fair Housing
responsibilities seriously or face the consequences of their actions."

HUD's Office of Fair Housing and Equal Opportunity conducted an investigation
and issued a "Charge of Discrimination" - indicating that there was reasonable
cause to believe the defendants violated the Fair Housing Act. Defendants
elected to have the case heard in federal court and the U.S.

Persons in Livingston, Monroe, Ontario, Seneca, Wayne and Yates Counties who
believe that their apartment complex or condominium development was not designed
or constructed in accordance with the Fair Housing Act, or who believe that they
have been otherwise discriminated against on the basis of disability, familial
status, gender, religion, national origin, color or race may contact MCLAC's
Fair Housing Enforcement Project at (585) 325-2500 or (866) 671-FAIR.

LOAD-DATE: January 16, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Legal activity (lawsuits etc.)

                      Copyright 2004 Dolan Media Newswires
                                All Rights Reserved


                              80 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             October 5, 2015 Monday

HUD expects fair market rent to decrease in Kern County

LENGTH: 346 words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Chicago: American Planning Association  has issued the following news release:




  From studio apartments to four-bedroom rental houses, fair market rents are
expected to decrease in Kern County next year, according to the U.S. Department
of Housing and Urban Development .





 Studio apartments will see the biggest decrease at 5.9 percent, with values
heading down from $631 to $594 -- while one-bedroom apartments or houses will
barely register a change, dropping just 0.8 percent, or about $5 .



 But don't go running to your landlord demanding a discount, because fair market
rents are primarily used to determine payment amounts for the Housing Choice
Voucher program, Section 8 contracts and Moderate Rehabilitation Single Room
Occupancy contracts. It also serves as a rent ceiling in the HOME rental
assistance program.



 "I'm not sure it is necessarily an exact measure of what actual fair market
rent is, but it is somewhat of an indicator," Bakersfield Community Development
Coordinator Ryan Bland said. "Generally, we use it as a performance tool when
evaluating housing projects."



 Bland speculated that the reduced numbers could be the result of foreclosures
that hit the county, or an increase in affordable housing projects.



 Over the past five years, approximately 235 affordable housing units have been
constructed through four projects, according to Bland.



 "It kind of depends on how good the sample is in a particular year," Bland
said.



 Multi-family development has seen a bit of an uptick in the past few years, he
added.



 Bland also noted that three-bedroom and four-bedroom units are not as prevalent
in the public sector, which makes their decreases of 3.3 percent and 3.4
percent, respectively, less reliable.



 "They (HUD) aren't just looking at affordable housing," Bland said. "They kind
of take what the census data is and make several different adjustments to it.
They are trying to get as close as they can while also being fair."





 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com



LOAD-DATE: October 6, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              81 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                              July 9, 2007 Monday
                                 Met 2 Edition

Low-Rent Program Predicts Losses;
Rising Land Values Diminish Appeal of Section 8 Contracts

BYLINE: Mary Otto; Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: METRO; Pg. B01

LENGTH: 927 words


The Washington region stands to lose about 26,000 affordable housing units over
the next five years as a number of property owners opt out of a housing program
designed to keep rents low.

Many contracts signed under the project-based Section 8 program are expiring.
And with property values having risen dramatically, some owners are selling
their buildings or converting them to condominiums or upscale rentals.

The District lost 312 affordable units, or about 13.7 percent of the eligible
properties, between 2001 and 2005, according to a recent report by the U.S.
Government Accountability Office. Maryland lost 2,036 units, or about 13.3
percent of its total, and Virginia lost 1,827, or 10.5 percent.

And 26,000 additional units in the District, Virginia and Maryland are owned by
for-profit landlords whose contracts expire within five years.

Housing officials are concerned, especially because the project-based Section 8
program accounts for 22,000 properties and 1.5 million units nationwide. "We
couldn't build them again," said Stephanie Killian of the Montgomery County
Department of Housing and Community Affairs. A separate Section 8 voucher
program provides rent subsidies for another 1.8 million low-income households.

More than three decades ago, the federal government came up with a novel
approach to creating affordable housing: guarantee subsidies to property owners
who agreed to keep rents low for 20, 30, even 40 years.

As the Section 8 program dwindles, the need for affordable housing continues to
grow. In a newly released report by the U.S. Housing and Urban Development
Department, nearly 6 million Americans faced severe difficulties paying rent or
lived in substandard housing in 2005, up substantially since 2003.

In the District, there are 58,000 applicants on a waiting list for public
housing. Fairfax County has 11,000 families waiting for housing assistance, and
Montgomery counts 5,000 on the list for public housing and another 17,000
waiting for rental assistance.

HUD has taken the loss of housing through property owners opting out of Section
8 very seriously, said Charles H. Williams, the department's executive assistant
secretary for multi-family housing.

Through incentives that allow landlords to adjust rents to a changing market and
improve their properties, the federal agency succeeded in getting 95 percent of
the housing units renewed between the years 2001 and 2005. According to HUD, 62
percent of the renewals in fiscal 2006 were for one year, and 31 percent were
for one to five years.

"We are using all the programs we have available for preservation," Williams
said.

But development pressures continue to worry local housing officials. In
Montgomery, officials estimate that more than 700 units are at risk of falling
out of the Section 8 program. Adopting a goal to save every federally subsidized
property, the county has been working with landlords to keep them in the
subsidized program, providing such incentives as administrative assistance with
HUD paperwork.

If that doesn't work, a right-of-first-refusal law gives Montgomery, the local
housing authority and tenants associations the chance to match sale offers on
certain apartment buildings. A housing preservation fund helps with acquisition
costs. The fund was tapped recently to help save Forest Oak Towers, a 175-unit
Section 8 complex for seniors in Gaithersburg.

When officials at the Housing Opportunities Commission, a housing authority that
serves Montgomery, heard that Forest Oak Towers was going to be sold, the
commission spent $20.7 million to buy the building and continue the HUD subsidy.

In June, tenants and housing officials celebrated the purchase of the building,
which came with help from city, county, state and federal programs. "It was a
very happy event," said Tedi Osias, the housing commission's director of
legislative and public affairs.

Fairfax's Board of Supervisors has instituted a penny real estate tax earmarked
to create and preserve affordable housing, including project-based Section 8
complexes. The fund will amount to $22.7 million in fiscal 2008, said Kristina
Norvell, spokeswoman for the Fairfax Department of Housing and Community
Development. She said officials are keeping an eye on properties where landlords
are renewing their Section 8 contracts one year at a time.

In the District, tenants at Galen Terrace in Anacostia managed to save their
hilltop complex when the owner decided to opt out of the program and sell the
84-unit building.

They organized a tenants association, acquired the property last year with the
help of a D.C. tenants right-of-first-refusal law and then worked with nonprofit
organizations -- including the National Housing Trust, Enterprise Community
Partners and the private Somerset Development Co. -- to raise the money,
renovate the complex and renew the Section 8 contract for 20 years.

At Galen Terrace, once one of the most notorious complexes in the District,
residents now are guardedly celebrating a new beginning, complete with fresh
paint, bright kitchens, a security system and a courtyard play area humming with
children.

They say they rescued their complex just in time: A condominium conversion
project is in progress across the street, and a few blocks away, on Good Hope
Road, new homes are advertised for sale for nearly $500,000.

"It wouldn't have been any trouble to turn this into condos," said longtime
resident Tom Hill, a Government Printing Office retiree, admiring the panoramic
view of the city from his window. "You can see the fireworks on the Fourth of
July."

LOAD-DATE: July 9, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Maryland

GRAPHIC: IMAGE; By Lois Raimondo -- The Washington Post; Tom Hill is a longtime
resident of Galen Terrace, a onetime notorious District complex that was
renovated after residents formed a tenants association to acquire the property
and renewed its Section 8 contract for 20 years.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2007 The Washington Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                              82 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                          September 1, 1994, Thursday

Jamestown Court tenants unmoved by half-month's notice of eviction Landlord
trying to empty complex to sell it

BYLINE: By Barbara Ann Moore STAFF WRITER

SECTION: EXTRA; Section K; Page 5

LENGTH: 580 words


Wednesday was supposed to be moving day for the residents of Jamestown Court
Apartments in College Park.

According to the eviction letter their landlord, Jamestown Associates,
distributed to a few tenants in mid-August, the Riverdale Road complex is being
shut down and sold, and was to be vacated by the end of August.

But the tenants have refused to accept little or no notice quietly. And by
fighting back, they apparently have bought themselves some extra time.

At a hastily organized conference last Friday at College Park City Hall,
residents were advised they have at least until the end of September to move
-not the end of August, as the landlord decreed.

"Notice has to be given at the start of the rental period," Atlanta Legal Aid
attorney Donald Horace explained. At Jamestown, rents are due at the first of
the month so, despite the dates in the letter, the clock could not start ticking
until today.

According to the leases Jamestown itself issued, residents are due at least 30
days notice. Those who recently signed six-month or one-year leases can stay
until the expiration of the contract, according to Horace.

"The lease is going to control," Horace said.

Jamestown's attorney, Richard Hubert, was in court Monday and could not be
reached for comment.

Jamestown is eager to evict all tenants, because it cannot sell the property
until it does. The city of Atlanta last April agreed to buy Jamestown for $
1,175,000.

That is an out-of-court settlement of an inverse condemnation lawsuit that
Jamestown filed in October 1991, claiming that noise from the nearby Hartsfield
International Airport had robbed it of the ability to rent apartments.

More than half the 107 units are vacant or boarded up. But that, according to
longtime tenant Paulette Asomah, has nothing to do with airport noise.

"The problem is that they have not done anything to make the apartments
presentable for people to want to live there," she said.

Now that Jamestown's days are numbered, the immediate problem for Asomah and the
40 or so other families still living there is to find someplace to move and to
do it as cheaply as possible. Many of the tenants are on fixed incomes.

Tenant spokeswoman Ardis Lawrence said she had called practically every
community help agency in the phone book and could not find any with funds
available to help the Jamestown residents.

And a representative of the Fulton County Housing Authority could offer
residents little aid at last Friday's conference. She said there were only three
Section 8 vouchers available and encouraged Jamestown residents to apply for
vacancies in public housing projects.

College Park City Councilman Johnny Robinson, who represents the area, has
written a number of apartment complexes in the area, encouraging them to give
Jamestown Court residents priority.

But some tenants said that they cannot afford the rents at other complexes,
which are substantially higher than they have paid at Jamestown Court.

And one mother, who has seven children, said she had not been able to find a
complex that would accept such a large family.

The Jamestown Court situation soon may be repeated. There are five other
multi-family properties in the vicinity that soon will be sold to the city of
Atlanta - units at 2173 Roosevelt Highway, 2190 Horton Drive, 3748 Perkins
Drive, 2049 W. John Wesley Ave., and 3737 South Myrtle St.

"All are still pending," said assistant Atlanta City Attorney Charles Hicks.

LOAD-DATE: September 3, 1994

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH942460293

                    Copyright 1994 The Atlanta Constitution


                              83 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Brattleboro Reformer (Vermont)

                           December 28, 2006 Thursday

Housing starts are up

BYLINE: By CATE LECUYER, Reformer Staff

SECTION: LOCAL

LENGTH: 566 words


BRATTLEBORO -- The majority of new housing developments in Brattleboro are
single-family homes, according to a report released by the town.

The data shows an increase in zoning permits issued for new housing units in
2005 and 2006, although 29 from a total of 62 of the new units in 2006 are from
the development of the former Estey Organ Co. complex on Birge Street. There
were 40 permits issued in 2005.

The Estey buildings are being converted to affordable apartments by the
Brattleboro Area Community Land Trust, and it's the type of multi-family
development that should be happening more to support renters in town, said Byron
Stookey of Brattleboro Area Affordable Housing.

"Rental housing is slowly becoming a smaller percentage, not a larger
percentage," Stookey said, digging out statistics from past years. Rentals have
dropped from 51 percent of housing in 1999 to about 47 percent in 2006, he said.

By the same token, Brattleboro Planning Director Jim Mullen said it has been at
least a decade since anyone has built a new apartment building in town, as
opposed to renovating an existing building, like on Birge Street.

Some single-family homeowners are also taking advantage of local incentives to
create apartments in their houses.

Brattleboro Area Affordable Housing, for example, offers technical and
architectural assistance, and $3,000 to help people add an apartment on to their
home. Eight of these "accessory apartments" were created in 2005, and five were
created in 2006.

"It creates low- or moderate-income rental housing very cheaply, and helps
single family homeowners keep their homes," Stookey said.

Two "detached dwellings," such as guest cottages or apartments over garages were
created in 2005, and none in 2006.

The town also encourages multi-story commercial buildings with apartment rentals
above, and two of these were created in 2006, and none in 2005.

"The data reminded me how important it is to preserve the rental housing we
have," Stookey said. He predicts is will continue to decline.

"One of the things we're going to be seeing is the loss of affordable rental
housing to condominiums," he said. There are at least two developers in
Brattleboro who plan to turn convert their apartments to condos -- one of them
being a California investment group that paid over $7 million last March for 19
local properties belonging to Larry Cooke Trust and Cooke Realty of Brattleboro.

The trend, is seems, is people don't want to live in an apartment building, and
would prefer a complex like Morningside Commons instead, said Diana Wahle of
Alliance for Building Communities.

At a housing coalition steering committee on Sept. 13, Mullen weighed in with a
similar observation, and said developers can't afford to build apartment
buildings in town.

According to the minutes from the meeting, "he stated that one cannot build an
apartment building in Brattleboro and make money."

Developers don't use the density bonus the town offers because they feel 21
units per acre is too dense, Mullen said in the minutes.

"Morningside Commons is an example of what buyers prefer -- and it has a density
of 6.5 units per acre. Market forces keep developers from developing a project
with 21 units per acre," the minutes reported. "People want attractive density:
the buyer wants parking, landscaping, solitude."

Cate Lecuyer can be reached at clecuyer@reformer.com or (802) 254-2311, ext.
277.

LOAD-DATE: December 29, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


   Copyright 2006 MediaNews Group, Inc. and New England Newspaper Group Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              84 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                  New Orleans City Business (New Orleans, LA)

                              April 8, 2011 Friday

St. Bernard Parish President Craig Taffaro's order stops work at new apartment
complexes

BYLINE: CityBusiness Staff

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 356  words


St. Bernard Parish President Craig Taffaro issued a cease and desist order today
that stops all contractors and subcontractors from working on the four Provident
Realty apartment complexes because they don't have proper parish permits.

It's the latest chapter in the ongoing saga involving multi-family housing in
St. Bernard. In the aftermath of Hurricane Katrina, Taffaro has stood in the way
of Provident Realty, arguing the construction of new apartments would have a
negative impact on existing rental housing stock. Fair housing advocates insist
the parish president is attempting to drive out and prevent low-income residents
from living in St. Bernard.

Taffaro had filed for an emergency injunction in state district court to halt
work at the Provident sites. A hearing on that injunction was scheduled for
today but was canceled after Provident Realty and the Greater New Orleans Fair
Housing Action Center went to federal court to prevent the parish president's
maneuver.

The U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development has also weighed in favor
of Provident Realty building the new complexes. Earlier this week, the St.
Bernard Parish Council repealed ordinances restricting multi-family rental
properties after HUD officials threatened to block federal money coming into the
parish if the laws weren't rescinded.

Taffaro claims that Provident has failed to complete construction at the
apartment complexes in the time frame established in its building permits. The
company says economic conditions prevented them from finishing the work within
the prescribed one-year time frame.

The parish refused to grant an extension late last year, leading to additional
legal challenges from the local Fair Housing Action Center. HUD also stepped and
forced the parish to extend the building permits.

"I have attempted to work within the judicial parameters, but St. Bernard Parish
has continued to find itself without protective due process," Taffaro said today
in a release. "The permitting process by local and state law is clear, and my
decision to issue a cease and desist (order) is in line with the enforcement of
that process. "

LOAD-DATE: April 18, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Government activity

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2011 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved


                              85 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            July 20, 2016 Wednesday

Head Line: US Federal Contract Notice: Department of Agriculture (Michigan)
Issues Solicitation for "USDA RD MI-MFH MANAGER SERVICES"

LENGTH: 487  words

DATELINE: New York


WASHINGTON: Department of Agriculture, Rural Development officer has issued
requirement for "USDA RD MI-MFH MANAGER SERVICES"

Solicitation No: AG-5441-K-16-0019

Notice Type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
Posted Date: July 20, 2016

Description: *** AMENDMENT 04 EXTENDS THE REPLY DATE TO AUG 4, 2016, 4 P.M. ET
DUE TO LIMITED RESPONSES. REFER TO ALL AMENDMENTS PRIOR TO SUBMITTING PROPOSAL.


*** AMENDMENT 03 EXTENDS THE REPLY DATE TO JULY 21, 2016, 4 P.M. ET DUE TO
LIMITED RESPONSES. ALSO UPDATES INFORMATION REGARDING SERVICE CONTRACT LABOR
STANDARDS CERTIFICATION/EXEMPTION. See sections H.3. and Section M Instructions
to Offerors.
*** AMENDMENT 02 EXTENDS THE REPLY DATE TO JULY 14, 2016 4 P.M. ET TO ESTABLISH
COMPETITIVE RANGE. LIMITED REPLIES RECEIVED. PERFORMANCE WILL START UPON
CONTRACT AWARDS. ***
*** AMENDMENT 01 EXTENDS THE DUE DATE FOR OFFERS TO JUNE 30 ***
This is a combined synopsis/solicitation for commercial services prepared in
accordance with the format prescribed in Federal Acquisition Regulation Subparts
12, 15 and 37, supplemented with additional information in this notice. THIS
ANNOUNCEMENT CONSTITUTES THE ONLY SOLICITATION; PPROPOSALS ARE BEING REQUESTED.
USDA Rural Development (RD) in Michigan requires management services for
Multi-Family Housing (MFH) properties per HB-2-3560 (MFH Asset Management
Handbook). Properties are expected to come into inventory during Fiscal Years
2016-2018. The typical MFH project is located in a rural area (less than 35,000
residents); has an average of 24-units in 2 buildings; rental assistance to some
tenants; average occupancy is 75%; projects are in good state of repair.
The Contractor shall furnish all necessary personnel, materials, and otherwise
do all things necessary to perform the required services as identified in the
solicitation. USDA RD anticipates awarding up to five (5) Blanket Purchase
Agreements (BPA) to This is a combined synopsis/solicitation for commercial
services prepared in accordance with the format prescribed in Federal
Acquisition Regulation Subparts 12, 15 and 37, supplemented with additional
information in this notice. THIS ANNOUNCEMENT CONSTITUTES THE ONLY SOLICITATION;
PPROPOSALS ARE BEING REQUESTED.
USDA Rural Development (RD) in Michigan requires management services for
Multi-Family Housing (MFH) properties per HB-2-3560 (MFH Asset Management
Handbook). Properties are expected to come into inventory during Fiscal Years
2016-2018. The typical MFH project is located in a rural area (less than 35,000
residents); has an average of 24-units in 2 buildings; rental assistance to some
tenants; average occupancy is 75%; projects are in good state of repair.

Set Aside: Total Small Business

The NAICS code number for this requirement: 531

Contact Details: 3001 Coolidge Road Sutie 200 East Lansing, Michigan 48823

Point of Contact(s): Karen D. Cooper, Contract Program Manager
karend.cooper@mi.usda.gov Phone: 517-324-5203


LOAD-DATE: July 21, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              86 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        The Augusta Chronicle (Georgia)

                            February 20, 2006 Monday
                                  ALL EDITION

BIDS REQUEST FOR PROPOSALS

SECTION: LEGALS; Pg. A10

LENGTH: 279 words


Real Estate Developer for

Low Income Housing Development

The Augusta Affordable Housing Corporation (AAHC) is seeking a company, firm or
consulting team to assist in the preparation of new affordable housing on the 23
acre site on Deans Bridge Road in the City of Augusta, Georgia. The site is
zoned for commercial use and can be developed as multi- family or single family
housing. All submitters will be encouraged to attend a Pre-Submission Conference
10:00 AM Wednesday, February 22, 2006. While attendance is not mandatory, all
proposers will be held responsible for any information given at the conference.

The entity selected will be responsible for the majority of the development
work, with limited involvement and assistance from the AAHC. Service provided by
the Developer and/or its team members would include, but may not be limited to
the following:

"Development of a Master Site Plan

"Obtaining all permits, approvals and environmental clearances

"Architecture and Engineering Services

"Arrange financing and provide all required guarantees

"Site Preparation

"Infrastructure

"Construction

"Marketing and selling homeownership units, if any

"Marketing, renting and managing rental units

Interested parties may download the RFQ from www.aahcorp.org, or call (706)
312-3140 for additional information.

Proposers will be required to submit an original and two copies of the proposal
for review no later than 4:00pm (local time) on Monday, March 6, 2006. The AAHC
reserves the right to reject any and all submissions, to waive informalities and
minor irregularities in submissions received, and to accept any submission
deemed to be in its best interest.

Feb. 13, 20, 2006 Adv#9845948

LOAD-DATE: February 21, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2006 Southeastern Newspapers Corporation


                              87 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        The Augusta Chronicle (Georgia)

                           February 14, 2006 Tuesday
                                  ALL EDITION

REQUEST FOR PROPOSALS

SECTION: LEGALS; Pg. A07

LENGTH: 279 words


Real Estate Developer for

Low Income Housing Development

The Augusta Affordable Housing Corporation (AAHC) is seeking a company, firm or
consulting team to assist in the preparation of new affordable housing on the 23
acre site on Deans Bridge Road in the City of Augusta, Georgia. The site is
zoned for commercial use and can be developed as multi- family or single family
housing. All submitters will be encouraged to attend a Pre-Submission Conference
10:00 AM Wednesday, February 22, 2006. While attendance is not mandatory, all
proposers will be held responsible for any information given at the conference.

The entity selected will be responsible for the majority of the development
work, with limited involvement and assistance from the AAHC. Service provided by
the Developer and/or its team members would include, but may not be limited to
the following:

"Development of a Master Site Plan

"Obtaining all permits, approvals and environmental clearances

"Architecture and Engineering Services

"Arrange financing and provide all required guarantees

"Site Preparation

"Infrastructure

"Construction

"Marketing and selling homeownership units, if any

"Marketing, renting and managing rental units

Interested parties may download the RFQ from www.aahcorp.org, or call (706)
312-3140 for additional information.

Proposers will be required to submit an original and two copies of the proposal
for review no later than 4:00pm (local time) on Monday, March 6, 2006. The AAHC
reserves the right to reject any and all submissions, to waive informalities and
minor irregularities in submissions received, and to accept any submission
deemed to be in its best interest.

Feb. 13, 20, 2006 Adv#9845948

LOAD-DATE: February 15, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2006 Southeastern Newspapers Corporation


                              88 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     The Leader-Post (Regina, Saskatchewan)

                           February 26, 2011 Saturday
                                 Final Edition

NDP's new direction would hurt province

BYLINE: Bruce Johnstone, The Leader-Post

SECTION: BUSINESS & AGRICULTURE; Bruce Johnstone; Pg. D1

LENGTH: 684  words


Is it my imagination, or is NDP Leader Dwain Lingenfelter trying to Iturn back
the clock to an earlier iteration of the New Democratic Party?

Rent controls? Hiking resource royalties? What's next? Nationalizing the potash
mines?

While we all understand the need for political parties to differentiate
themselves, especially in an election year, Lingenfelter's new direction for the
New Democrats is way out in, uh, left field.

A good example is the NDP's recently announced plan for imposing rent controls
as a solution to the lack of affordable housing in Saskatchewan.

No one can deny there's a shortage of affordable housing in Saskatchewan and the
government can and should play a role in making more affordable housing units
available.

Lingenfelter says an NDP government could impose rent caps, as in Manitoba, and
increase the supply of social housing to relieve low vacancy rates and prevent
gouging by landlords.

But rent controls are not the best way of increasing the stock of low-cost
housing in the province. In fact, it can be argued that rent controls can have
the opposite effect.

Manitoba, which has rent controls on apartment buildings more than 20 years old,
has the same problem as Saskatchewan has with low vacancy rates (under one per
cent in Winnipeg).

The problem is compounded by the low supply of new multi-family housing units,
as only 332 apartment units were built in Winnipeg last year.

The result is extremely scarce, older affordable rental housing at one end of
the market, and very few new rental units being added at the other.

In short, Manitoba is hardly affordablehousing heaven, despite having rent
controls for more than 30 years.

What's the solution? Clearly, more rental housing units are needed. If the
government wants to play a role, why not encourage the construction of new
rental units through the tax system?

Remember the old multi-unit residential building (MURB) program from the 1970s?
Why not try some new 21st-Century version of that tax shelter program to
stimulate more investment in multi-family unit construction?

The only problem with the old MURB program was that it was too successful and
flooded the market with rental units, leaving investors holding the bag and
depressing market rents.

With a vacancy rate below one per cent, creating a glut of rental housing on the
market is a risk worth taking. But rent controls? Not so much.

Why not hike potash royalties? Noting that PotashCorp made $1.8 billion in
profits in 2010 but paid only $77 million in royalties, Lingenfelter said an NDP
government would ensure "Saskatchewan families received the maximum benefit''
from the sale of their resources.

First of all, the $77-million figure is "disingenuous'' and Lingenfelter knows
it. A closer examination of PotashCorp's 2010 financial statements indicates the
corporation reported $3.4 billion in "cost of goods sold" (which includes base
royalties) and $642.8 million in income taxes (which include provincial
corporate income taxes).

Suffice to say, PotashCorp paid hundreds of million of dollars in royalties and
taxes to the provincial government last year. More importantly, while it earned
$1.8 billion in profits, it was investing that much and more in capital projects
in the province.

In fact, PotashCorp alone is investing nearly $6 billion in expansion projects
in the province; in total, the potash industry is planning to spend $12 billion
in the province by 2020.

Why? Because of changes made to the province's royalty regime in 2005 by the
Calvert NDP government to encourage production expansions by existing potash
producers. In fact, while changes have been made since then, the basic royalty
regime has been in place since 1990 through several different administrations.

Those royalty rates are, by the way, still the highest in the world and twice as
high as the jurisdiction with the second-highest rates (Jordan).

The point is the policy of using high royalty rates to incent expansions is
working and working very well.

Lingenfelter should be praising the policy, not proposing its demise.

- Bruce Johnstone is the Leader-Post's financial editor.

LOAD-DATE: February 26, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Column

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


  Copyright 2011 The Leader-Post, a division of Canwest MediaWorks Publication
                                      Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              89 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                Sentinel & Enterprise (Fitchburg, Massachusetts)

                             August 29, 2005 Monday

Twin Cities suffering by decline in multi-family housing

BYLINE: Newsmakers

SECTION: NEWSMAKERS

LENGTH: 805 words


Working families are finding it increasingly difficult to rent decent housing at
affordable prices in the twin cities of Fitchburg and Leominster.

According to the North Central Housing Coalition, 9,000 households in the region
are paying more than 30 percent of their income for housing, and the
overwhelming majority of these are working families renting in Fitchburg and
Leominster.

There are many reasons for the difficulty working families face. Among the most
influential, of course, is that wages have not kept pace with housing costs.
Median home sale prices rose 76 percent between 1990 and 2000 in the area, but
wages increased only 9.7 percent.

The rapid rise in home prices in Fitchburg since the 2000 census has added to
the wage-housing cost gap. According to The Warren Group, the median sale price
of a Fitchburg single-family in 2005 is $211,450, almost double the 2000 price.

As home ownership moves out of reach for most renters, a decline in the number
of rental units is making adequate rental housing more difficult to find. In the
1990s, the number of rental units in the Twin Cities declined by six percent;
Fitchburg alone lost more than 700 units.

The decline will continue. The rental housing stock is old, with the majority of
multi-family houses in the area having been built prior to 1939. Age and fire
are taking their toll.

Despite these losses, there is too little profit in building affordable rental
units to attract private investors. The cost of purchasing and rehabilitating
the old multi-family houses in the Twin Cities' core neighborhoods are high and
the rents are limited by the low household income of this urban center. Zoning
laws and not-in-my-backyard opposition limits the expansion of affordable rental
units elsewhere.

This is why over 90 percent of the housing permits taken out in the region are
for single-family homes outside the inner city core.

Yet few Twin City families can afford a single-family home. Mortgage and taxes
on a median-priced single family in the area require an income in excess of
$80,000, plus a substantial down payment. The area's median family income is
$48,000; few can afford a moderately priced single-family home.

The decline in multi-family housing is a grave threat to the area. The density
and diversity of housing in cities are the qualities that make urban life vital
and dynamic. Our commercial and industrial economy depends on the working
families that live in the region's multi-family homes. Affordable rental housing
is critical to the area's future.

It is time for action to preserve and expand this resource. However, a
misinformed bias against renters and a strong preference for home ownership,
even though it is clear that the majority of Twin City residents can't afford to
buy, makes action difficult. It is widely believed that multi-family housing
overcrowds neighborhoods, breeds crime and social turmoil, and puts excessive
burdens on our schools and city services.

If this idea ever had any basis in reality, it has been put to rout in Cleghorn.
There, organized residents have rescued the neighborhood from some of the worst
conditions of urban life. In creating the Twin Cities Community Development
Corporation [CDC], neighbors demonstrated that you can fight back against crime
and civic indifference and, with city backing, rebuild their neighborhood's
housing stock.

In recent years, dozens of single and multi-family units have been built and
sold in Cleghorn with private and public funds. In addition, lead-paint
education and de-leading programs have helped reclaim older units for healthy
living. Residents have taken CDC classes to learn how and when to purchase a
home and, with CDC-managed down-payment assistance programs, have bought them in
Cleghorn. Older homeowners are investing once again in their properties and
small businesses are growing.

Cleghorn's rebirth gives the Twin Cities hope. Dense and diverse neighborhoods
create vital cities. They in turn are built with affordable, multi-family rental
housing. Every one of us depends upon the people who live in them to staff our
factories and businesses, to buy our goods and service, and to create the
markets that encourages entertainers and artists to visit our region.

The Twin Cities CDC has organized a Taking Action Committee to develop awareness
of the critical need for affordable housing in the area and the important role
rental housing plays in our local economy. It is time to give renters some
respect and long past time to seek and welcome public and philanthropic
partnerships that can create a range of affordable rental housing to serve the
working families of the Twin Cities' needs.

Daniel S. Flynn Gary Comeau

Board Member Member

Twin Cities CDC Taking Action Committee

LOAD-DATE: August 29, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

      Copyright 2005 MediaNews Group, Inc. and Mid-States Newspapers, Inc.


                              90 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             March 7, 2015 Saturday

Washington: Rural Development Voucher Program

LENGTH: 3375  words

DATELINE: Washington


US Federal Register has published the following document:

[Federal Register Volume 80, Number 45 (Monday, March 9, 2015)]
[Notices]
[Pages 12426-12429]
From the Federal Register Online via the Government Printing Office
[www.gpo.gov]
[FR Doc No: 2015-05433]


-----------------------------------------------------------------------

DEPARTMENT OF AGRICULTURE

Rural Housing Service


Rural Development Voucher Program

AGENCY: Rural Housing Service, USDA.

ACTION: Notice.

-----------------------------------------------------------------------

SUMMARY: The U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA) in fiscal year (FY)
2006 established the demonstration Rural Development Voucher Program
(RDVP), as authorized under Section 542 of the Housing Act of 1949 as
amended (42 U.S.C. 1490R) (without regard to Section 542(b)). This
Notice informs the public of the general policies and procedures for
the RDVP for FY 2015. Rural Development Vouchers are only available to
low-income tenants of Rural Development (RD)-financed multi-family
properties where the Rural Rental Housing loan (Section 515) has been
prepaid (either through prepayment or foreclosure action), prior to the
loan's maturity date.

DATES: In order for eligible tenants to participate, a voucher
obligation form must be submitted within 10 months of the foreclosure
or pre-payment.

FOR FURTHER INFORMATION CONTACT: Stephanie B.M. White, Director, Multi-
Family Housing Portfolio Management Division, Rural Development, U.S.
Department of Agriculture, 1400 Independence Avenue SW., STOP 0782,
Washington, DC 20250, telephone (202) 720-1615. Persons with hearing or
speech impairments may access this number via TDD by calling the toll-
free Federal Information Relay Service at (800) 877-8339.

SUPPLEMENTARY INFORMATION:

I. Background

This Notice outlines the process for providing voucher assistance
to eligible tenants when a property owner either prepays a Section 515
loan or USDA action results in a foreclosure after September 30, 2005.

II. Design Features of the RDVP

This section sets forth the design features of the RDVP, including
the eligibility of tenants, the inspection of the housing units, and
the calculation of the subsidy amount.
 Rural Development Vouchers under this part are administered by the
Rural Housing Service, an agency under the RD mission area, in
accordance with requirements set forth in this Notice and further
explained in, ``The Rural Development Voucher Program Guide,'' which
can be obtained by contacting any RD Office. Contact information for RD
offices can be found at: http://www.rurdev.usda.gov/StateOfficeAddresses.html.
These requirements are generally based on
the housing choice voucher program regulations of the Department of
Housing and Urban Development (HUD) set forth at 24 CFR part 982,
unless otherwise noted by this Notice.
 The RDVP is intended to offer protection to eligible Multi-Family
Housing tenants in properties financed through RD's Section 515 Rural
Rental Housing program (Section 515 property) who may be subject to
economic hardship due to the property owner's prepayment of the RD
mortgage. When the owner of a Section 515 property pays off the loan
prior to the loan's maturity date (either through prepayment or
foreclosure action), the RD affordable housing requirements and Rental
Assistance (RA) subsidies generally cease to exist. Rents may increase,
thereby making the housing unaffordable to tenants. Regardless, the
tenant may become responsible for the full payment of rent when a
prepayment occurs, whether or not the rent increases.
 The Rural Development Voucher is intended to help tenants by
providing an annual rental subsidy, renewable on the terms and
conditions set forth herein and subject to the availability of funds,
that will supplement the tenant's rent payment. This program enables a
tenant to make an informed decision about remaining in the property,
moving to a new property, or obtaining other financial housing
assistance. Low-income tenants in the prepaying property are eligible
to receive a voucher to use at their current rental property, or to
take to any other rental unit in the United States and its territories.
Tenants in properties foreclosed on by RD are eligible for a Rural
Development Voucher under the same conditions as properties that go
through the standard prepayment process.
 There are some general limitations on the use of a voucher:
 The rental unit must pass a RD health and safety
inspection, and the owner must be willing to accept a Rural Development
Voucher.
 Rural Development Vouchers cannot be used for units in
subsidized

[[Page 12427]]

housing, like Section 8 and public housing, where two housing subsidies
would result. The Rural Development Voucher may be used for rental
units in other properties financed by RD, but it cannot be used in
combination with the RD RA program.
 The Rural Development Voucher may not be used to purchase
a home.
 a. Tenant Eligibility. In order to be eligible for the Rural
Development Voucher under this Notice, the tenant must meet the
following conditions:
 1. Be residing in the Section 515 project on the date of the
prepayment of the Section 515 loan or foreclosure by RD;
 2. Be a United States (U.S.) citizen, U.S. citizen national, or a
resident alien that meets certain qualifications. In accordance with
Section 214 of the Housing and Community Development Act of 1980 (42
U.S.C. 1436a), financial assistance under this voucher program can only
be provided to a United States (U.S.) citizen, U.S. non-citizen
national, or a resident alien that meets certain qualifications. RD
considers the tenant who applies for the voucher under this Notice as
the individual receiving the financial assistance from the voucher.
Accordingly, the individual tenant who applies for a voucher under this
program must submit the following documentation (42 U.S.C. 1436a(d)):
 i. For citizens, a written declaration of U.S. citizenship signed
under the penalty of perjury. RD may request verification of the
declaration by requiring presentation of a U.S. passport, Social
Security card, or other appropriate documentation, as determined by RD;
 ii. For non-citizens who are 62 years of age or older, the evidence
consists of:
 A. A signed declaration of eligible immigration status; and
 B. Proof of age document; and
 iii. For all other non-citizens:
 A. A signed declaration of eligible immigration status;
 B. Alien registration documentation or other proof of immigration
registration from the United States Citizenship and Immigration
Services (USCIS) that contains the individual's alien admission number
or alien file number; and
 C. A signed verification consent form that provides that evidence
of eligible immigration status may be released to RD and USCIS for
purposes of verifying the immigration status of the individual. RD
shall provide a reasonable opportunity, not to exceed 30 days, for an
individual to submit evidence indicating a satisfactory immigration
status, or to appeal to the Immigration and Naturalization Service the
verification determination of the Immigration and Naturalization
Service; and
 3. Be a low-income tenant on the date of the prepayment or
foreclosure. A low-income tenant is a tenant whose annual income does
not exceed 80 percent of the tenant median income for the area as
defined by HUD. HUD's definition of median income can be found at:
http://www.huduser.org/portal/datasets/il/il14/index_mfi.html.
 During the prepayment or foreclosure process, RD will evaluate the
tenant to determine if the tenant is low-income. If RD determines a
tenant is low-income, then within 90 days following the foreclosure or
prepayment, RD will send the tenant a letter offering the tenant a
voucher and will enclose a Voucher Obligation Request Form and a
citizenship declaration form. If the tenant wants to participate in the
RDVP, the tenant has 10 months from the date of prepayment or
foreclosure to return the Voucher Obligation Request Form and the
citizenship declaration to the local RD Office. If RD determines that
the tenant is ineligible, RD will provide administrative appeal rights
in accordance with 7 CFR part 11.
 b. Obtaining a Voucher. RD will monitor the prepayment request
process or foreclosure process, as applicable. As part of prepayment or
foreclosure of the Section 515 property, RD will determine market rents
in the housing market area prior to the date of prepayment or
foreclosure. The market rents will be used to calculate the amount of
the voucher each tenant is entitled to receive.
 As noted above, all tenants will be notified if they are eligible
and the amount of the voucher within 90 days following the date of
prepayment or foreclosure. The tenant notice will include a description
of the RDVP, a Voucher Obligation Request Form, and letter from RD
offering the tenant participation in RDVP. The tenant has 10 months
from the date of prepayment or foreclosure to return the Voucher
Obligation Request Form and the signed citizenship declaration. Failure
to submit the Voucher Obligation Request Form and the signed
citizenship declaration within the required timeframes eliminates the
tenant's opportunity to receive a voucher. A tenant's failure to
respond within the required timeframes is not appealable.
 Once the tenant returns the Voucher Obligation Request Form and the
citizenship declaration to RD, a voucher will be issued within 30 days
subject to the availability of funding. All information necessary for a
housing search, explanations of unit acceptability, and RD contact
information will be provided by RD to the tenant after the Voucher
Obligation Request Form and citizenship declaration are received. In
cases where the foreclosure sale yields no successful bidders and the
property enters RD inventory, vouchers will only be offered upon the
property's entry into inventory. The voucher cannot be used at an
inventory property.
 The tenant receiving a Rural Development Voucher has an initial
period of 60 calendar days from issuance of the voucher to find a
housing unit. At its discretion, RD may grant one or more extensions of
the initial period for up to an additional 60 days. Generally, the
maximum voucher period for any tenant participating in the RDVP is 120
days. RD will extend the voucher search period beyond the 120 days only
if the tenant needs and requests an extension of the initial period as
a reasonable accommodation to make the program accessible to a disabled
family member. If the Rural Development Voucher remains unused after a
period of 150 days from the date of original issuance, the Rural
Development Voucher will become void, any funding will be cancelled,
and the tenant will no longer be eligible to receive a Rural
Development Voucher at that property.
 If a tenant previously participated in the RDVP and was
subsequently terminated, that tenant is ineligible for future
participation in the RDVP.
 c. Initial Lease Term. The initial lease term for the housing unit
where the tenant wishes to use the Rural Development Voucher must be
for one year. The ``initial lease'' is the first lease signed by and
between the tenant and the property owner.
 d. Inspection of Units and Unit Approval. Once the tenant finds a
housing unit, Rural Development will inspect and determine if the
housing standard is acceptable within 30 days of RD's receipt of the
HUD Form 52517, ``Request for Tenancy Approval Housing Choice Voucher
Program'' found at:
http://portal.hud.gov/hudportal/documents/huddoc?id=52517.pdf and the Disclosure
of Information on Lead-Based
Paint Hazards. The inspection standards currently in effect for the RD
Section 515 Multi-Family Housing program apply to the RDVP. RD must
inspect the unit and ensure that the unit meets the housing inspection
standards set forth at 7 CFR 3560.103. Under no circumstances will RD
make voucher rental payments for any period of time prior to the date
that RD physically inspects the unit and determines the unit meets the
housing inspection

[[Page 12428]]

standards. In the case of properties financed by RD under the Section
515 program, RD will only accept the results of physical inspections
performed no more than one year prior to the date of receipt by RD of
Form HUD 52517, in order to make determinations on acceptable housing
standards. Before approving tenancy or executing a Housing Assistance
Payments contract, RD must first determine that the following
conditions are met:
 1. The unit has been inspected by RD and passes the housing
standards inspection or has otherwise been found acceptable by RD, as
noted previously; and
 2. The lease includes the HUD Tenancy Addendum. A copy of the HUD
Tenancy Addendum will be provided by RD when the tenant is informed he/
she is eligible for a voucher.
 Once the conditions in the above paragraph are met, RD will approve
the unit for leasing. RD will then execute with the owner a Housing
Assistance Payments (HAP) contract, Form HUD-52641. The HAP contract
must be executed before Rural Development Voucher payments can be made.
RD will attempt to execute the HAP contract on behalf of the tenant
before the beginning of the lease term. In the event that this does not
occur, the HAP contract may be executed up to 60 calendar days after
the beginning of the lease term. If the HAP contract is executed during
this 60-day period, RD will make retroactive housing assistance
payments to the owner, on behalf of the tenant, to cover the portion of
the approved lease term before execution of the HAP contract. The HAP
contract and lease will need to be revised to the later effective date.
RD will not execute a HAP contract that is dated prior to either the
prepayment date of the Section 515 loan, or the date of foreclosure, as
appropriate. Any HAP contract executed after the 60-day period will be
considered untimely. If the failure to execute the HAP contract within
the aforementioned 60-day period lies with the owner, as determined by
RD, then RD will not pay any housing assistance payment to the owner
for that period.
 e. Subsidy Calculations for Rural Development Vouchers. As stated
earlier, an eligible tenant will be notified of the maximum voucher
amount within 90 days following prepayment or foreclosure. The maximum
voucher amount for the RDVP is the difference between the market rent
in the housing market area and the tenant's contribution on the date of
the prepayment, as determined by RD. The voucher amount will be based
on the market rent; the voucher amount will never exceed the market
rent at the time of prepayment even if the tenant chooses to stay in-
place.
 Also, in no event will the Rural Development Voucher payment exceed
the actual tenant lease rent. The amount of the voucher will not change
either over time or if the tenant chooses to move to a more expensive
location.
 f. Mobility and Portability of Rural Development Vouchers. An
eligible tenant that is issued a Rural Development Voucher may elect to
use the voucher in the same project, or may choose to move to another
location. The Rural Development Voucher may be used at the prepaid
property or any other rental unit in the United States and its
territories that passes RD physical inspection standards, and where the
owner will accept a Rural Development Voucher and execute a Form HUD
52641. Both the tenant and landlord must inform RD if the tenant plans
to move during the HAP agreement term, even to a new unit in the same
complex. All moves (within a complex or to another complex) require a
new voucher obligation form, a new inspection by RD, and a new HAP
agreement. In addition, HUD Section 8 and federally-assisted public
housing are excluded from the RDVP because those units are already
federally subsidized; tenants with a Rural Development Voucher would
have to give up the Rural Development Voucher to accept those other
types of assistance at those properties. However, while the Rural
Development Voucher may be used in other properties financed by RD, it
cannot be used in combination with the RD RA program. Tenants with a
Rural Development Voucher that apply for housing in an RD-financed
property must choose between using the voucher or RA, if available. If
the tenant relinquishes the Rural Development Voucher in favor of RA,
the tenant is not eligible to receive another Rural Development Voucher
while the tenant is receiving such RA.
 g. Term of Funding and Conditions for Renewal for Rural Development
Vouchers. The RDVP provides voucher assistance over 12 monthly
payments. The voucher is issued to the household in the name of the
primary tenant as the voucher holder. The voucher is not transferable
from the voucher holder to any other household member, except in the
case of the voucher holder's death or involuntary household separation,
such as the incarceration of the voucher holder or transfer of the
voucher holder to an assisted living or nursing home facility. Upon
receiving documentation of such cases, the voucher may be transferred
at the Agency's discretion to another tenant on the voucher holder's
lease.
 The voucher is renewable subject to the availability of
appropriations to the USDA. In order to renew a voucher, a tenant must
return a signed Voucher Obligation Request Form, which will be sent to
the tenant within 60-90 days before the current voucher expires. If the
voucher holder fails to return the renewal Voucher Obligation Request
Form before the current voucher funding expires, the voucher will be
terminated and no renewal will occur.
 In order to ensure continued eligibility to use the Rural
Development Voucher, tenants must certify at the time they apply for
renewal of the voucher that the current tenant income does not exceed
the ``maximum income level,'' which is 80 percent of family median
income (a HUD dataset broken down by State, and then county). RD will
advise the tenant of the maximum income level when the renewal Voucher
Obligation Request Form is sent.
 Renewal requests will enjoy no preference over other voucher
requests, and will be processed as described in this Notice.

III. Non-Discrimination Statement

USDA prohibits discrimination in all its programs and activities on
the basis of race, color, national origin, age, disability, and where
applicable, sex, marital status, familial status, parental status,
religion, sexual orientation, genetic information, political beliefs,
reprisal, or because of all or part of an individual's income is
derived from any public assistance program. (Not all prohibited bases
apply to all programs.) Persons with disabilities who require
alternative means for communication of program information (Braille,
large print, audiotape, etc.) should contact USDA's TARGET Center at
(202) 720-2600 (voice and TDD).
 If you wish to file a Civil Rights program complaint of
discrimination, complete the USDA Program Discrimination Complaint
Form, found online at: http://www.ascr.usda.gov/complaint_filing_cust.html or at
any USDA Office, or call (866) 632-
9992 to request the form. Send your completed complaint form or letter
by mail to: U.S. Department of Agriculture, Director, Office of
Adjudication, 1400 Independence Avenue SW., Washington, DC 20250; by
fax at (202) 690-7442; or, by email at: program.intake@usda.gov
Individuals who are deaf, hard of hearing or have speech disabilities
and who wish to file a program complaint should please contact USDA
through the Federal Relay

[[Page 12429]]

Service at (800) 877-8339 or (800) 845-6136 (in Spanish). USDA is an
equal opportunity provider and employer. The full ``Non-Discrimination
Statement'' is found at:
http://www.usda.gov.wps/portal/usda/usdahome?navtype=Non_Discrimination.

IV. Paperwork Reduction Act

The information collection requirements contained in this document
are those of the Housing Choice Voucher Program, which have been
approved by the Office of Management and Budget (OMB) under the
Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995 (44 U.S.C. 3501-3520) and assigned OMB
control number 2577-0169.

Dated: March 3, 2015.
Tony Hernandez,
Administrator, Housing and Community Facilities Programs.
[FR Doc. 2015-05433 Filed 3-6-15; 8:45 am]
BILLING CODE 3410-XV-P


In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: March 8, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              91 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                      Copyright 2016 Zoom Information Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                            Zoom Company Information

                                   July 2016

                              County of Montezuma

                               37 N. Madison St.
                               Cortez,  CO 81321
                                 United States

* * * * * * * * * * COMMUNICATIONS * * * * * * * * * *
TELEPHONE: (970) 565-3831
FAX: (970) 565-0860
URL: www.mc-ha.org

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *

   The Housing Authority of the County of Montezuma (HA) administers Three (3)
rental assistance programs.  The Low Rent Public Housing Program, Housing Choice
Voucher Program and Affordable Tax Credit Units based on Federally established
income limits.  These programs are funded by the U.S. Department of Housing and
Urban Development. Public Housing developments are owned and managed by the
Housing Authority.  These developments are multi-family and single-family
dwellings scattered in various sites throughout the county.  This is primarily
due to the County passing a resolution to develop public housing in scattered
sites within its jurisdiction.  The Program has separate dwelling units for the
elderly, disabled, and families with children. "In accordance with Federal law
and U.S. Department of Agriculture policy, this institution is prohibited from
discriminating on the basis of race, color, national origin, sex, age, or
disability."  FAMILY ELIGIBILITY REQUIREMENTS: Families must meet the following
criteria to be eligible for assistance: Public Housing:  Applicants must meet
the Very Low Income guidelines (earning no more than 50% of the area median
income) established by HUD.  Rental Assistance is available to families,
elderly, disabled and handicapped.  Applicants must meet screening criteria for
the following conditions: Willingness to pay rent Housekeeping habits Criminal
record and credit background HOUSING CHOICE VOUCHER PROGRAM: This program was
created in 1974 to as

LOAD-DATE: July 14, 2016


                              92 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       The Arizona Daily Sun (Flagstaff)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           October 22, 2014 Wednesday

Relocation ordinance on Planning and Zoning agenda

BYLINE: Suzanne Adams-Ockrassa, The Arizona Daily Sun, Flagstaff

SECTION: NATIONAL POLITICAL NEWS

LENGTH: 676 words


Oct. 22--The city of Flagstaff is looking to avoid another situation where the
residents of a trailer park find their lots sold out from under them with
relatively little advance notice or recourse.

The city Planning and Zoning Commission is holding a workshop today to start
work on a Relocation Impact Report and Relocation Assistance ordinance.

The commission meets at 4 p.m. today at City Hall, 211 W. Aspen Ave.

The city has considered creating a relocation ordinance in the past, but the
issue was pushed to the top of the city's To do list after The Standard was
proposed. The Standard was a 650-bedroom student apartment complex near the
intersection of Route 66 and Blackbird Roost that would have displaced 56
families from the Arrowhead Village trailer park.

According to a draft copy of the proposed ordinance on Friends of Flagstaff's
Future's website, it would only apply to a zoning map amendment that would close
a mobile home park or multi-family residential property and force the residents
to move. It would not apply to a resident-owned mobile home park or multi-family
condominium or the property owner who is selling the property.

A developer displacing residents would have to submit a complete relocation plan
to the city's Community Development Division for review before staff started a
"substantive review" of the zoning request. The developer would also have to
hire a relocation specialist who could communicate with all residents of the
trailer park.

The draft copy of the ordinance also shows the amount of detail the city is
looking at requiring developers to provide in their relocation plans.

The plan has to include a description of the property, the contact information
for the relocation specialist and a description and map of the project. It also
requires a list of all of the mobile homes on the site and the current lease
rate and a list of comparable housing in the area. The list of comparable
housing also has to include the current lease rates and terms and the proximity
to bus stops, grocery stores, schools and medical facilities.

There is separate list of requirements for residents who own their trailers but
lease space in a trailer park, including whether the home can be moved, the size
of the home and any financial assistance the developer will give the home owner.

The draft ordinance also includes a section on multi-family housing residents
who may have to move because of new development. This section requires a
developer to list the number households and the size of the housing units, as
well as how much assistance they plan to provide to the families.

Developers are also allowed to claim that providing relocation assistance would
be too great a financial burden but must provide documents showing it's a
hardship. The draft doesn't say what happens if the city doesn't grant a
hardship exception.

Before the relocation plan is submitted to the city, the developer would have to
hold a meeting with the public. The developer also has to report the results of
the meeting to city staff. The developer would also have to provide a written
copy of the proposed relocation plan in English and Spanish to each resident
that would be displaced by the project. The developer would also have to install
a "for sale" sign on the property to alert new residents.

The developer would have to give residents 180-day notice before requiring
residents to leave the property. The 180-day notice would have to be delivered
by hand or by certified mail

Property owners who enter into an agreement with 100 percent of the  households
in their trailer park or development would only have to provide the city with a
copy of the agreement. A redevelopment project that would create similar housing
and would offer displaced residents a place to stay and first dibs on the new
housing would not have to submit a relocation plan.

Suzanne can be reached at (928) 556-2253.

___ (c)2014 The Arizona Daily Sun (Flagstaff, Ariz.) Visit The Arizona Daily Sun
(Flagstaff, Ariz.) at www.azdailysun.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: October 22, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20141022-FF-Relocation-ordinance-on-Planning-and-Zoning-agenda-1022-20141022

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: FF


                      Copyright 2014 The Arizona Daily Sun


                              93 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                  May 7, 1989, Sunday, Late City Final Edition

NEW JERSEY OPINION;
Affordable Housing: State Has Ideas...

BYLINE: By Anthony M. Villane Jr.; Anthony M. Villane Jr., a former State
Assemblyman, was appointed Commissioner of the State Department of Community
Affairs last year.

SECTION: Section 12NJ; Page 28, Column 1; New Jersey Weekly Desk

LENGTH: 1094 words


WHAT do schoolteachers, police officers, sales clerks, secretaries, nurses,
carpenters and accountants in New Jersey have in common? They all have a
difficult time finding affordable housing. The problem is not new to the state.
What is new is that New Jersey's lack of affordable housing now threatens the
quality of life for many more of its residents. In fact, every one - rich or
poor, young or old - will feel its impact because of its long-term effect on the
state's economy.

The median price of a new single-family home in North Jersey is now $200,000.
Such a home is affordable only to a household with an income exceeding $80,000.
But the latest data from the Division of Taxation indicate that only 6 percent
of New Jersey's income earners fall into that category.

The stock of affordable rental housing is similarly constrained. One recent
study notes that New Jersey has the third-worst shortage of affordable rental
housing in the nation. Exacerbating this situation is the nearly total cessation
of new rental housing construction.

The economic impact of this crisis will be that skilled and semiskilled workers
will leave New Jersey for regions where both housing and employment are
available. When workers leave, companies are sure to follow.

The Council on Affordable Housing estimates that New Jersey needs more than
145,000 affordable housing units by 1993 at an estimated cost of $10 billion -
nearly equal to the entire current year's state budget.

Gov. Thomas H. Kean has initiated a series of programs, totaling $44 million in
the 1989 budget, that will make home ownership and decent rental housing a
reality for thousands of New Jersey families.

As Commissioner of the Department of Community Affairs. I'd like to focus on a
few of the strategies proposed in our plan.

Regulatory reform: The lack of coordination in the permitting and review process
has been a substantial factor in driving up the cost of home construction.

Our solution is to reform the permit process so that regulations are clear, do
not overlap and are enforced, as much as possible, by local officials licensed
by the responsible state agency.

We also propose the adoption and enforcement of uniform technical standards for
local site-plan review to establish guidelines for street width and
construction, drainage facilities, storm sewers, sidewalks and utilities. This
would make it easier to estimate construction costs.

Legislation to address these concerns has been introduced in both houses of the
Legislature.

Increasing construction subsidies: Local and state governments must work with
the private sector to create a climate in which developers and builders will
once again be willing to invest and build in New Jersey cities, both large and
small.

One program, already in place, is the New Jersey Urban Multi-family Production
Program. Three projects in Hoboken, East Orange and Carteret have been approved,
with 20 projects in the pipeline. We would expand this program from its present
level of $10 million to $15 million to produce some 1,200 rental units, 300 of
which would be for low-income families.

In Camden, we have undertaken a demonstration program to build two-family homes
on vacant city-owned land. Working with the city and a nonprofit developer, we
plan to build 20 two-family units. They would be sold to moderate-income
families, who would live in one of the units and rent the other to a low-income
family.

We would insure that the low-income families receive Federal Section 8 rental
assistance so that market-rate rental payments are made to the family owning the
house, thus enabling the owner to pay off the mortgage with the rental income.
We will recoup our investment when the property is sold and put back on the tax
rolls.

Another obstacle to affordable housing is the reluctance of banks to provide
construction and permanent financing to urban housing developers and home
buyers. Our solution is to strengthen the Urban Housing Partners program,
through which a consortium of 10 New Jersey banks have pledged $130 million in
construction-loan financing below market rates for urban housing projects.

Increasing home buyer resources: Many low- and moderate-income home buyers
cannot afford the required down payment, closing costs or mortgage insurance.

We propose that the New Jersey Housing and Mortgage Finance Agency offer a
program of no down payments and no closing costs on itsmortgages, as well as
''no insurance'' mortgages. Closing costs would be rolled into the permanent
mortgages; mortgage insurance would be assumed by the agency through an
insurance pool using administrative reserves.

For elderly citizens who own their own homes but cannot afford the escalating
taxes, pending legislation would allow them to defer payment of up to $1,000 a
year in property taxes. The state would pay the taxes, and a lien would be
placed on the property. The loan would be recouped with interest at the time the
property is sold or transferred.

We believe it is important that this program be available to all the elderly,
and so we have already begun discussions with private banks and insurers.

Increasing the pool of nonprofit developers: We recognize the importance of
increasing the participation and effectiveness of nonprofit builders interested
in affordable housing. Very frequently, they have the will but lack the
expertise to see their way through the maze of development, construction and
marketing.

We have begun to address the problem through our Office of Housing Advocacy,
which offers technical assistance, hands-on training and administrative grants
to nonprofits. This summer we will begin a fellows program with the New Jersey
Institute of Technology that will link graduate students in technical fields,
like architecture and engineering, with nonprofit housing agencies in need of
such assistance.

Several years ago, the Department of Community Affairs established the New
Jersey Youth Corps, a program for high school dropouts. We propose to expand
that successful program to include training in housing rehabilitation. Sponsored
by nonprofit organizations, teams of young people aged 16 to 25 would work with
skilled tradesmen to ''rehab'' homes. We have identified demonstration sites in
Newark, Vineland, Asbury Park, Camden and Trenton.

Our Comprehensive Housing Plan is a step toward meeting the crisis head on. It
is a realistic, do-able proposal that, if implemented, will make the dream of
decent, affordable housing come true for thousands of New Jerseyans.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: drawing

                   Copyright 1989 The New York Times Company


                              94 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          Australian Financial Review

                             March 9, 2017 Thursday
                             Print & First Editions

Long leases a 'game changer'

BYLINE: Nick Lenaghan

SECTION: PROPERTY; Pg. 35

LENGTH: 457 words


Changes to rental law to enable residential leases of 10 years or more, which
are being introduced in Victoria and NSW, could open the door for a wave of
institutional investment into housing.

The so-called multi-family sector - typically apartment blocks - is already well
established in global markets and in the US in particular, where Lendlease is
looking to create investment vehicles for the asset class.

But it has become a "holy grail" for affordable rental housing advocates in
Australia, where institutional investors are yet to commit significant capital
to the sector.

That could be overhauled soon, courtesy of changes to Victoria's rental laws
quietly announced by the state government last week.

The state is introducing new long-term standard tenancy agreements for leases of
more than five years, the limit under current law.

In effect, both tenants and landlords who want longer-term agreements of 10
years or more will be able to strike leases that will fall within the
protections of the amended rental law.

NSW is going down the same path, with a review last year recommending
legislation be amended so that fixed-term leases of five years or more are
possible.

So far much of the focus has been the impact the changes will have on individual
renters, who can benefit from much longer-term security.

But the possibility of establishing a broader pool of leases of 10 years or more
could also prove to be a drawcard for institutional investors, such as super
funds, which look for long-dated revenue streams in their investments.

The implications of the rental reform were firmly seized upon at a property
industry forum in Melbourne last week - on the same day the changes were
announced - convened by prominent city law firm Arnold Bloch Leibler.

Planning Minister Richard Wynne, who had worked on the policy as an opposition
housing minister, told the evening gathering the reforms were initially aimed at
supporting people who were locked out of the housing market but needed long-term
accommodation security.

Nick Brown, managing director of mid-tier construction firm and developer Icon
Co, responded enthusiastically to the news.

"This is going to be a game changer," he said.

Icon's new parent, Japanese conglomerate Kajima, which plans to merge Icon and
another local Cockram by 2019, already has 22 multi-family apartment buildings
around the world, he said.

"They can't work out why it doesn't stack up here and it was because of the
tenure of the tenants."

Mark Fischer, from property investment manager Qualitas, also singled out the
significance of multi-family apartments in addressing issues of affordable
housing.

"One thing that Australia is really lacking at a federal level is the ability to
have multi-family product."

LOAD-DATE: March 8, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


             Copyright 2017 Fairfax Media Publications Pty. Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              95 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             March 17, 2015 Tuesday

Rural Development Voucher Program

LENGTH: 3288  words


Washington, D.C.: This Notice document was issued by the Rural Housing Service
(RHS)

Action

Notice.
Summary

The U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA) in fiscal year (FY) 2006 established
the demonstration Rural Development Voucher Program (RDVP), as authorized under
Section 542 of the Housing Act of 1949 as amended (42 U.S.C. 1490R) (without
regard to Section 542(b)). This Notice informs the public of the general
policies and procedures for the RDVP for FY 2015. Rural Development Vouchers are
only available to low-income tenants of Rural Development (RD)-financed
multi-family properties where the Rural Rental Housing loan (Section 515) has
been prepaid (either through prepayment or foreclosure action), prior to the
loan's maturity date.
Dates

In order for eligible tenants to participate, a voucher obligation form must be
submitted within 10 months of the foreclosure or pre-payment.
For Further Information Contact

Stephanie B.M. White, Director, Multi-Family Housing Portfolio Management
Division, Rural Development, U.S. Department of Agriculture, 1400 Independence
Avenue SW., STOP 0782, Washington, DC 20250, telephone (202) 720-1615. Persons
with hearing or speech impairments may access this number via TDD by calling the
toll-free Federal Information Relay Service at (800) 877-8339.
Supplementary Information
I. Background

This Notice outlines the process for providing voucher assistance to eligible
tenants when a property owner either prepays a Section 515 loan or USDA action
results in a foreclosure after September 30, 2005.
II. Design Features of the RDVP

This section sets forth the design features of the RDVP, including the
eligibility of tenants, the inspection of the housing units, and the calculation
of the subsidy amount.

Rural Development Vouchers under this part are administered by the Rural Housing
Service, an agency under the RD mission area, in accordance with requirements
set forth in this Notice and further explained in, "The Rural Development
Voucher Program Guide," which can be obtained by contacting any RD Office.
Contact information for RD offices can be found at:
http://www.rurdev.usda.gov/StateOfficeAddresses.html. These requirements are
generally based on the housing choice voucher program regulations of the
Department of Housing and Urban Development (HUD) set forth at 24 CFR part 982,
unless otherwise noted by this Notice.

The RDVP is intended to offer protection to eligible Multi-Family Housing
tenants in properties financed through RD's Section 515 Rural Rental Housing
program (Section 515 property) who may be subject to economic hardship due to
the property owner's prepayment of the RD mortgage. When the owner of a Section
515 property pays off the loan prior to the loan's maturity date (either through
prepayment or foreclosure action), the RD affordable housing requirements and
Rental Assistance (RA) subsidies generally cease to exist. Rents may increase,
thereby making the housing unaffordable to tenants. Regardless, the tenant may
become responsible for the full payment of rent when a prepayment occurs,
whether or not the rent increases.

The Rural Development Voucher is intended to help tenants by providing an annual
rental subsidy, renewable on the terms and conditions set forth herein and
subject to the availability of funds, that will supplement the tenant's rent
payment. This program enables a tenant to make an informed decision about
remaining in the property, moving to a new property, or obtaining other
financial housing assistance. Low-income tenants in the prepaying property are
eligible to receive a voucher to use at their current rental property, or to
take to any other rental unit in the United States and its territories. Tenants
in properties foreclosed on by RD are eligible for a Rural Development Voucher
under the same conditions as properties that go through the standard prepayment
process.

There are some general limitations on the use of a voucher:

The rental unit must pass a RD health and safety inspection, and the owner must
be willing to accept a Rural Development Voucher.
    Rural Development Vouchers cannot be used for units in subsidizedhousing,
like Section 8 and public housing, where two housing subsidies would result. The
Rural Development Voucher may be used for rental units in other properties
financed by RD, but it cannot be used in combination with the RD RA program.
    The Rural Development Voucher may not be used to purchase a home.

a. Tenant Eligibility. In order to be eligible for the Rural Development Voucher
under this Notice, the tenant must meet the following conditions:

1. Be residing in the Section 515 project on the date of the prepayment of the
Section 515 loan or foreclosure by RD;

2. Be a United States (U.S.) citizen, U.S. citizen national, or a resident alien
that meets certain qualifications. In accordance with Section 214 of the Housing
and Community Development Act of 1980 (42 U.S.C. 1436a), financial assistance
under this voucher program can only be provided to a United States (U.S.)
citizen, U.S. non-citizen national, or a resident alien that meets certain
qualifications. RD considers the tenant who applies for the voucher under this
Notice as the individual receiving the financial assistance from the voucher.
Accordingly, the individual tenant who applies for a voucher under this program
must submit the following documentation (42 U.S.C. 1436a(d)):

i. For citizens, a written declaration of U.S. citizenship signed under the
penalty of perjury. RD may request verification of the declaration by requiring
presentation of a U.S. passport, Social Security card, or other appropriate
documentation, as determined by RD;

ii. For non-citizens who are 62 years of age or older, the evidence consists of:

A. A signed declaration of eligible immigration status; and

B. Proof of age document; and

iii. For all other non-citizens:

A. A signed declaration of eligible immigration status;

B. Alien registration documentation or other proof of immigration registration
from the United States Citizenship and Immigration Services (USCIS) that
contains the individual's alien admission number or alien file number; and

C. A signed verification consent form that provides that evidence of eligible
immigration status may be released to RD and USCIS for purposes of verifying the
immigration status of the individual. RD shall provide a reasonable opportunity,
not to exceed 30 days, for an individual to submit evidence indicating a
satisfactory immigration status, or to appeal to the Immigration and
Naturalization Service the verification determination of the Immigration and
Naturalization Service; and

3. Be a low-income tenant on the date of the prepayment or foreclosure. A
low-income tenant is a tenant whose annual income does not exceed 80 percent of
the tenant median income for the area as defined by HUD. HUD's definition of
median income can be found at:
http://www.huduser.org/portal/datasets/il/il14/index_mfi.html.

During the prepayment or foreclosure process, RD will evaluate the tenant to
determine if the tenant is low-income. If RD determines a tenant is low-income,
then within 90 days following the foreclosure or prepayment, RD will send the
tenant a letter offering the tenant a voucher and will enclose a Voucher
Obligation Request Form and a citizenship declaration form. If the tenant wants
to participate in the RDVP, the tenant has 10 months from the date of prepayment
or foreclosure to return the Voucher Obligation Request Form and the citizenship
declaration to the local RD Office. If RD determines that the tenant is
ineligible, RD will provide administrative appeal rights in accordance with 7
CFR part 11.

b. Obtaining a Voucher. RD will monitor the prepayment request process or
foreclosure process, as applicable. As part of prepayment or foreclosure of the
Section 515 property, RD will determine market rents in the housing market area
prior to the date of prepayment or foreclosure. The market rents will be used to
calculate the amount of the voucher each tenant is entitled to receive.

As noted above, all tenants will be notified if they are eligible and the amount
of the voucher within 90 days following the date of prepayment or foreclosure.
The tenant notice will include a description of the RDVP, a Voucher Obligation
Request Form, and letter from RD offering the tenant participation in RDVP. The
tenant has 10 months from the date of prepayment or foreclosure to return the
Voucher Obligation Request Form and the signed citizenship declaration. Failure
to submit the Voucher Obligation Request Form and the signed citizenship
declaration within the required timeframes eliminates the tenant's opportunity
to receive a voucher. A tenant's failure to respond within the required
timeframes is not appealable.

Once the tenant returns the Voucher Obligation Request Form and the citizenship
declaration to RD, a voucher will be issued within 30 days subject to the
availability of funding. All information necessary for a housing search,
explanations of unit acceptability, and RD contact information will be provided
by RD to the tenant after the Voucher Obligation Request Form and citizenship
declaration are received. In cases where the foreclosure sale yields no
successful bidders and the property enters RD inventory, vouchers will only be
offered upon the property's entry into inventory. The voucher cannot be used at
an inventory property.

The tenant receiving a Rural Development Voucher has an initial period of 60
calendar days from issuance of the voucher to find a housing unit. At its
discretion, RD may grant one or more extensions of the initial period for up to
an additional 60 days. Generally, the maximum voucher period for any tenant
participating in the RDVP is 120 days. RD will extend the voucher search period
beyond the 120 days only if the tenant needs and requests an extension of the
initial period as a reasonable accommodation to make the program accessible to a
disabled family member. If the Rural Development Voucher remains unused after a
period of 150 days from the date of original issuance, the Rural Development
Voucher will become void, any funding will be cancelled, and the tenant will no
longer be eligible to receive a Rural Development Voucher at that property.

If a tenant previously participated in the RDVP and was subsequently terminated,
that tenant is ineligible for future participation in the RDVP.

c. Initial Lease Term. The initial lease term for the housing unit where the
tenant wishes to use the Rural Development Voucher must be for one year. The
"initial lease" is the first lease signed by and between the tenant and the
property owner.

d. Inspection of Units and Unit Approval. Once the tenant finds a housing unit,
Rural Development will inspect and determine if the housing standard is
acceptable within 30 days of RD's receipt of the HUD Form 52517, "Request for
Tenancy Approval Housing Choice Voucher Program" found at:
http://portal.hud.gov/hudportal/documents/huddoc?id=52517.pdf and the Disclosure
of Information on Lead-Based Paint Hazards. The inspection standards currently
in effect for the RD Section 515 Multi-Family Housing program apply to the RDVP.
RD must inspect the unit and ensure that the unit meets the housing inspection
standards set forth at 7 CFR 3560.103. Under no circumstances will RD make
voucher rental payments for any period of time prior to the date that RD
physically inspects the unit and determines the unit meets the housing
inspectionstandards. In the case of properties financed by RD under the Section
515 program, RD will only accept the results of physical inspections performed
no more than one year prior to the date of receipt by RD of Form HUD 52517, in
order to make determinations on acceptable housing standards. Before approving
tenancy or executing a Housing Assistance Payments contract, RD must first
determine that the following conditions are met:

1. The unit has been inspected by RD and passes the housing standards inspection
or has otherwise been found acceptable by RD, as noted previously; and

2. The lease includes the HUD Tenancy Addendum. A copy of the HUD Tenancy
Addendum will be provided by RD when the tenant is informed he/she is eligible
for a voucher.

Once the conditions in the above paragraph are met, RD will approve the unit for
leasing. RD will then execute with the owner a Housing Assistance Payments (HAP)
contract, Form HUD-52641. The HAP contract must be executed before Rural
Development Voucher payments can be made. RD will attempt to execute the HAP
contract on behalf of the tenant before the beginning of the lease term. In the
event that this does not occur, the HAP contract may be executed up to 60
calendar days after the beginning of the lease term. If the HAP contract is
executed during this 60-day period, RD will make retroactive housing assistance
payments to the owner, on behalf of the tenant, to cover the portion of the
approved lease term before execution of the HAP contract. The HAP contract and
lease will need to be revised to the later effective date. RD will not execute a
HAP contract that is dated prior to either the prepayment date of the Section
515 loan, or the date of foreclosure, as appropriate. Any HAP contract executed
after the 60-day period will be considered untimely. If the failure to execute
the HAP contract within the aforementioned 60-day period lies with the owner, as
determined by RD, then RD will not pay any housing assistance payment to the
owner for that period.

e. Subsidy Calculations for Rural Development Vouchers. As stated earlier, an
eligible tenant will be notified of the maximum voucher amount within 90 days
following prepayment or foreclosure. The maximum voucher amount for the RDVP is
the difference between the market rent in the housing market area and the
tenant's contribution on the date of the prepayment, as determined by RD. The
voucher amount will be based on the market rent; the voucher amount will never
exceed the market rent at the time of prepayment even if the tenant chooses to
stay in-place.

Also, in no event will the Rural Development Voucher payment exceed the actual
tenant lease rent. The amount of the voucher will not change either over time or
if the tenant chooses to move to a more expensive location.

f. Mobility and Portability of Rural Development Vouchers. An eligible tenant
that is issued a Rural Development Voucher may elect to use the voucher in the
same project, or may choose to move to another location. The Rural Development
Voucher may be used at the prepaid property or any other rental unit in the
United States and its territories that passes RD physical inspection standards,
and where the owner will accept a Rural Development Voucher and execute a Form
HUD 52641. Both the tenant and landlord must inform RD if the tenant plans to
move during the HAP agreement term, even to a new unit in the same complex. All
moves (within a complex or to another complex) require a new voucher obligation
form, a new inspection by RD, and a new HAP agreement. In addition, HUD Section
8 and federally-assisted public housing are excluded from the RDVP because those
units are already federally subsidized; tenants with a Rural Development Voucher
would have to give up the Rural Development Voucher to accept those other types
of assistance at those properties. However, while the Rural Development Voucher
may be used in other properties financed by RD, it cannot be used in combination
with the RD RA program. Tenants with a Rural Development Voucher that apply for
housing in an RD-financed property must choose between using the voucher or RA,
if available. If the tenant relinquishes the Rural Development Voucher in favor
of RA, the tenant is not eligible to receive another Rural Development Voucher
while the tenant is receiving such RA.

g. Term of Funding and Conditions for Renewal for Rural Development Vouchers.
The RDVP provides voucher assistance over 12 monthly payments. The voucher is
issued to the household in the name of the primary tenant as the voucher holder.
The voucher is not transferable from the voucher holder to any other household
member, except in the case of the voucher holder's death or involuntary
household separation, such as the incarceration of the voucher holder or
transfer of the voucher holder to an assisted living or nursing home facility.
Upon receiving documentation of such cases, the voucher may be transferred at
the Agency's discretion to another tenant on the voucher holder's lease.

The voucher is renewable subject to the availability of appropriations to the
USDA. In order to renew a voucher, a tenant must return a signed Voucher
Obligation Request Form, which will be sent to the tenant within 60-90 days
before the current voucher expires. If the voucher holder fails to return the
renewal Voucher Obligation Request Form before the current voucher funding
expires, the voucher will be terminated and no renewal will occur.

In order to ensure continued eligibility to use the Rural Development Voucher,
tenants must certify at the time they apply for renewal of the voucher that the
current tenant income does not exceed the "maximum income level," which is 80
percent of family median income (a HUD dataset broken down by State, and then
county). RD will advise the tenant of the maximum income level when the renewal
Voucher Obligation Request Form is sent.

Renewal requests will enjoy no preference over other voucher requests, and will
be processed as described in this Notice.
III. Non-Discrimination Statement

USDA prohibits discrimination in all its programs and activities on the basis of
race, color, national origin, age, disability, and where applicable, sex,
marital status, familial status, parental status, religion, sexual orientation,
genetic information, political beliefs, reprisal, or because of all or part of
an individual's income is derived from any public assistance program. (Not all
prohibited bases apply to all programs.) Persons with disabilities who require
alternative means for communication of program information (Braille, large
print, audiotape, etc.) should contact USDA's TARGET Center at (202) 720-2600
(voice and TDD).

If you wish to file a Civil Rights program complaint of discrimination, complete
the USDA Program Discrimination Complaint Form, found online at:
http://www.ascr.usda.gov/complaint_filing_cust.html or at any USDA Office, or
call (866) 632-9992 to request the form. Send your completed complaint form or
letter by mail to: U.S. Department of Agriculture, Director, Office of
Adjudication, 1400 Independence Avenue SW., Washington, DC 20250; by fax at
(202) 690-7442; or, by email at: program.intake@usda.gov Individuals who are
deaf, hard of hearing or have speech disabilities and who wish to file a program
complaint should please contact USDA through the Federal RelayService at (800)
877-8339 or (800) 845-6136 (in Spanish). USDA is an equal opportunity provider
and employer. The full "Non-Discrimination Statement" is found at:
http://www.usda.gov.wps/portal/usda/usdahome?navtype=Non_Discrimination.
IV. Paperwork Reduction Act

The information collection requirements contained in this document are those of
the Housing Choice Voucher Program, which have been approved by the Office of
Management and Budget (OMB) under the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995 (44 U.S.C.
3501-3520) and assigned OMB control number 2577-0169.
Dated: March 3, 2015.
Tony Hernandez,
Administrator, Housing and Community Facilities Programs.
[FR Doc. 2015-05433 Filed 3-6-15; 8:45 am]
BILLING CODE 3410-XV-P

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: May 7, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              96 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                        Contra Costa Times (California)

                            October 10, 2006 Tuesday

Pleasanton looks to update condo-conversion ordinance

BYLINE: Meera Pal, CONTRA COSTA TIMES

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 719 words


Pleasanton's Planning Commission will get its first look Wednesday night at a
drastically changed ordinance governing the conversion of apartments into
condominiums.

The revised ordinance, reviewed by the city's housing and planning commissions,
establishes a long list of regulations and requirements for converting rental
apartments into resident-owned units.

The existing, two-decade old ordinance, while addressing the needs of the
elderly and disabled, did not provide for conversions' potential impacts on
low-income households.

The revised ordinance would limit rent increases during the conversion period;
provide special leaseholder rights to seniors, the disabled and low-income
residents who have lived in their unit for at least two years; and provide
current tenants with purchase and financing discounts.

The new ordinance also would require relocation assistance to displaced tenants,
a public hearing and City Council approval.

In 2005, the City Council directed staff to review the existing condo conversion
ordinance to reflect changes in California law, and to address the potential
community and regional impact of losing affordable rental units. Such
conversions typically bring property owners more profit than do apartments, and
have been a trend in the East Bay in recent years.

Pleasanton is just one of several Bay Area cities that are addressing the
condo-conversion issue. Affordability concerns have prompted many East Bay
cities, including Dublin, Walnut Creek, Albany, Antioch and Livermore, to enact
new conversion ordinances.

Pleasanton's staff report notes that multi-family rental housing generally
represents the most affordable option for low-income households.

When apartments are converted into resident-owned condos, the city loses
affordable housing stock, which can force residents to move to other, more
affordable, communities. To ensure Pleasanton also maintains a healthy stock of
affordable housing, the new ordinance also requires that at least 25 percent of
all units in the development must be affordable.

If the planning commission approves the revised ordinance, it will be forwarded
to the City Council for approval.

Also at Wednesday's meeting, the commission will consider the proposed
Pleasanton Memorial Gardens Cemetery and an application for a new winery and
event center by the Wente Brothers.

Last month, the Pleasanton City Council agreed to buy the run-down 5-acre
cemetery on Sunol Boulevard for $1 from the Livermore chapter of the
International Order of Odd Fellows.

For the sale to move forward, the commission must find the action is consistent
with the city's General Plan.

City Manager Nelson Fialho warned at the Sept. 5 meeting that the city has to
sort out liability issues and get the cemetery's records in order, before it
follows in the footsteps of Dublin and Benicia and officially enters the
municipal "cemetery business." Plot sales would be suspended for up two years.

The council chose to maintain the cemetery at the low, "pioneer" standard, with
an estimated annual cost of around $25,000. The city would also spend an
estimated $204,000 on capital improvements.

The cemetery matter will appear on the commission's consent calendar, before it
considers an application by the Wente Brothers to build a 19,872-square-foot
event center and 4,800-square-foot winery on the southwest corner of Vineyard
and Isabel avenues, south of Ruby Hill Drive.

The commission must approve a major modification to the Ruby Hill development
plan and a special permit to allow the winery and event center to operate and
serve alcoholic beverages after 10 p.m.

The development would use an existing residence as a caretaker's unit, and
existing farm buildings as a tasting room, barrel room/production and equipment
storage.

The staff report notes that facilities for weddings and parties allow people to
enjoy the vineyard setting, which supports the South Livermore Valley Area Plan.
The plan was adopted in 1993 by Alameda County to encourage promotion of the
area as a premier wine-producing center.

The staff report recommends the commission approve the application.

Meera Pal covers Pleasanton. Reach her at 925-847-2120 or mpal2@cctimes.com

The Pleasanton Planning Commission will meet 7 p.m., Wednesday, Oct. 11 in the
city council chambers, 200 Old Bernal Avenue.

LOAD-DATE: October 10, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2006 Contra Costa Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                              97 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            August 30, 2016 Tuesday

Washington: Federal Support Continues for Survivors in Louisiana

LENGTH: 1325  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: Federal Emergency Management Agency has issued the following news
release:



 The Federal Emergency Management Agency (FEMA), along with other federal
agencies, state and local governments, and volunteers from around the country,
continues to support and assist flood survivors in Louisiana.



 Since President Obama's major disaster declaration to 20 parishes in South
Louisiana, more than 128,000 households registered for FEMA assistance - with
FEMA approving more than $385 million for survivors so far. That includes $108
million in advanced flood insurance payments and $277 million for temporary
rental assistance, essential home repairs, and other disaster-related needs.





 Housing Assistance:



 As housing remains a priority for state and federal officials, Louisiana's
Shelter At Home Program, funded by FEMA, is now accepting applications. This
allows residents who qualify to safely live in their own homes as temporary
shelters while they plan and carry out permanent repairs. Detailed information,
guidelines and online pre-registration for the Shelter at Home program are
available at www.ShelteratHome.Louisiana.gov.



 In addition to the state's Shelter at Home program, the Multi Family Lease and
Repair Program may provide funds to make rental units livable again in order to
lease them to provide temporary housing to eligible disaster survivors.
Interested property owners can call 225-382-1464 or email
fema-ia-dhops@fema.dhs.gov



 Rental property resources may be found at www.lahousingsearch.com .



 FEMA has 22 open Disaster Recovery Centers where survivors can meet
face-to-face with recovery specialists. To find the nearest Disaster Recovery
Center visit www.fema.gov/DRC, More than 1,700 families are being housed in
hotels or motels through FEMA 's Transitional Sheltering Assistance program to
provide short-term lodging for eligible survivors who are currently residing in
a personal vehicle, hotel or motel, shelter, or place of employment.



 In addition, the U.S. Small Business Administration is providing low interest
loans to Louisiana survivors and businesses to assist with uninsured and
underinsured flood-related losses. So far, the SBA has approved $56 million in
disaster loans.



 U. S. Housing and Urban Development Secretary Juli&aacute;n Castro visited
Baton Rouge Thursday, meeting with Governor Edwards, touring two public housing
sites, and visiting the Baton Rouge DRC.  HUD has 24 staff in Baton Rouge
working to deliver housing and sheltering solutions to transition survivors from
congregate shelters to temporary housing solutions. HUD's response team will
prioritize damage assessment and re-housing of HUD-assisted residents. While HUD
is and will continue assessing the extent of damages, and have taken several
actions:



 Assisting the state of Louisiana and local governments in re-allocating federal
resources toward disaster relief:



     Granting immediate foreclosure relief.



     Making mortgage insurance available.



     Offering loan guarantee assistance.



 Volunteer Efforts:



 Louisiana is coordinating all volunteer groups and resources. Those interested
in assisting with the relief efforts should log on to the state's website at
www.volunteerlouisiana.gov. Donations may be coordinated by emailing
2016FloodDonations@gmail.com .



 American Red Cross shelters are housing approximately 1,500 people in 13
shelters. Since the flooding began last week, ARC provided more than 60,000
overnight stays in shelters, served more than 611,000 meals and snacks, and
provided more than 305,000 relief items. More than 2,900 ARC personnel, many of
whom are volunteers, are supporting the flood response effort.



 Additionally, ARC handled more than 28,000 calls for assistance and
information, and provided more than 18,000 health services and emotional support
contacts.



 The Corporation for National Community Service deployed more than 820
AmeriCorps members, including FEMA Corps and AmeriCorps Disaster Response Teams,
to support shelter operations, home clean-up operations, survivor call centers,
home recovery operations and disaster survivor assistance teams.



 The National Business Emergency Operations Center is working in coordination
with the U.S. Chamber Foundation Corporate Citizenship Center and nearly 60
businesses in NBEOC engaged in assisting survivors in the Louisiana flooding
with donations of time, money, services, and goods to relief organizations.



 Ongoing Support:



 Since beginning the flood response, more than 3,800 Louisiana National
Guardsmen responded to the flood operations; more than 2,000 remain engaged with
ongoing recovery efforts. Overall missions have included:



     Rescued more than 19,000 residents and 2,660 pets.



     Delivered more than 296,000 meals ready to eat.



     Delivered more than 730,000 bottles of water.



     Delivered more than 994,000 sandbags.



     Delivered more than 2,200 cots and 1,700 blankets for shelter support, and
465 tarps.



 The Louisiana National Guard continues to operate four distribution centers,
supporting relief efforts.



 FEMA obligated nearly $3 million through the public assistance program for work
undertaken to save lives, protect public health and safety, and to protect
public and private property.



 U.S. Army Corps of Engineers debris experts are conducting surveys in impacted
parishes as New Orleans District is providing inundation maps for affected
regions, as well as daily and forecasted inundation maps to show current and
expected extents of flooding to assist local parishes.



 The U.S. Department of Agriculture approved automatic replacements of
Supplemental Nutritional Assistance Program benefits in heavily affected areas.
Those funds help replace groceries and food that were destroyed during the
flooding. For more specific information go to the Food and Nutrition Service
Disaster Assistance web page at www.fns.usda.gov/disaster/louisiana.



 USDA currently has 116 employees on the ground in Louisiana assisting with crop
damage and livestock loss assessments; disaster nutrition assistance; and debris
removal. Additionally, the USDA Rural Development Louisiana State Office has 74
staff members on alert and ready to continue to respond to those in need with
Rural Development financed housing, as well as agency community water and small
business program assistance.



 The U.S. Department of Health and Human Services activated its Emergency
Prescription Assistance Program to pay for prescriptions and medical equipment
for disaster survivors without health insurance. Louisiana patients may obtain a
free 30-day supply of medications or medical supplies at any participating
pharmacy:  www.phe.gov/Preparedness/planning/epap/Pages/default.aspx. HHS
continues to provide medical care at a federal medical station in Baton Rouge
and is working with the state to support behavioral health needs of residents
impacted by the flooding. To date, HHS has provided care for more than 1,000
patients.



 HHS also activated its Disaster Distress helpline. This toll-free,
multilingual, crisis support service is available 24/7 via telephone
(1-800-985-5990) and SMS (text  'TalkWithUs' to 66746) to residents in the U.S.
and its territories who are experiencing emotional distress.



 The U.S. Environmental Protection Agency continues providing support to
Louisiana, augmenting the state's capability to respond to hazardous materials
incidents. EPA is also assisting in developing plans for disposal of household
waste.



 The U.S. Department of Transportation made $2 million in emergency relief funds
immediately available through the Federal Highway Administration (FHWA) to help
repair roads and bridges in the affected areas. The funds will also help
stabilize structures to prevent further damage and set up detours until
permanent repairs are completed.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: August 30, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              98 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             March 7, 2015 Saturday

Washington: Rural Development Voucher Program

LENGTH: 3375  words

DATELINE: Washington


US Federal Register has published the following document:

[Federal Register Volume 80, Number 45 (Monday, March 9, 2015)]
[Notices]
[Pages 12426-12429]
From the Federal Register Online via the Government Printing Office
[www.gpo.gov]
[FR Doc No: 2015-05433]


-----------------------------------------------------------------------

DEPARTMENT OF AGRICULTURE

Rural Housing Service


Rural Development Voucher Program

AGENCY: Rural Housing Service, USDA.

ACTION: Notice.

-----------------------------------------------------------------------

SUMMARY: The U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA) in fiscal year (FY)
2006 established the demonstration Rural Development Voucher Program
(RDVP), as authorized under Section 542 of the Housing Act of 1949 as
amended (42 U.S.C. 1490R) (without regard to Section 542(b)). This
Notice informs the public of the general policies and procedures for
the RDVP for FY 2015. Rural Development Vouchers are only available to
low-income tenants of Rural Development (RD)-financed multi-family
properties where the Rural Rental Housing loan (Section 515) has been
prepaid (either through prepayment or foreclosure action), prior to the
loan's maturity date.

DATES: In order for eligible tenants to participate, a voucher
obligation form must be submitted within 10 months of the foreclosure
or pre-payment.

FOR FURTHER INFORMATION CONTACT: Stephanie B.M. White, Director, Multi-
Family Housing Portfolio Management Division, Rural Development, U.S.
Department of Agriculture, 1400 Independence Avenue SW., STOP 0782,
Washington, DC 20250, telephone (202) 720-1615. Persons with hearing or
speech impairments may access this number via TDD by calling the toll-
free Federal Information Relay Service at (800) 877-8339.

SUPPLEMENTARY INFORMATION:

I. Background

This Notice outlines the process for providing voucher assistance
to eligible tenants when a property owner either prepays a Section 515
loan or USDA action results in a foreclosure after September 30, 2005.

II. Design Features of the RDVP

This section sets forth the design features of the RDVP, including
the eligibility of tenants, the inspection of the housing units, and
the calculation of the subsidy amount.
 Rural Development Vouchers under this part are administered by the
Rural Housing Service, an agency under the RD mission area, in
accordance with requirements set forth in this Notice and further
explained in, ``The Rural Development Voucher Program Guide,'' which
can be obtained by contacting any RD Office. Contact information for RD
offices can be found at: http://www.rurdev.usda.gov/StateOfficeAddresses.html.
These requirements are generally based on
the housing choice voucher program regulations of the Department of
Housing and Urban Development (HUD) set forth at 24 CFR part 982,
unless otherwise noted by this Notice.
 The RDVP is intended to offer protection to eligible Multi-Family
Housing tenants in properties financed through RD's Section 515 Rural
Rental Housing program (Section 515 property) who may be subject to
economic hardship due to the property owner's prepayment of the RD
mortgage. When the owner of a Section 515 property pays off the loan
prior to the loan's maturity date (either through prepayment or
foreclosure action), the RD affordable housing requirements and Rental
Assistance (RA) subsidies generally cease to exist. Rents may increase,
thereby making the housing unaffordable to tenants. Regardless, the
tenant may become responsible for the full payment of rent when a
prepayment occurs, whether or not the rent increases.
 The Rural Development Voucher is intended to help tenants by
providing an annual rental subsidy, renewable on the terms and
conditions set forth herein and subject to the availability of funds,
that will supplement the tenant's rent payment. This program enables a
tenant to make an informed decision about remaining in the property,
moving to a new property, or obtaining other financial housing
assistance. Low-income tenants in the prepaying property are eligible
to receive a voucher to use at their current rental property, or to
take to any other rental unit in the United States and its territories.
Tenants in properties foreclosed on by RD are eligible for a Rural
Development Voucher under the same conditions as properties that go
through the standard prepayment process.
 There are some general limitations on the use of a voucher:
 The rental unit must pass a RD health and safety
inspection, and the owner must be willing to accept a Rural Development
Voucher.
 Rural Development Vouchers cannot be used for units in
subsidized

[[Page 12427]]

housing, like Section 8 and public housing, where two housing subsidies
would result. The Rural Development Voucher may be used for rental
units in other properties financed by RD, but it cannot be used in
combination with the RD RA program.
 The Rural Development Voucher may not be used to purchase
a home.
 a. Tenant Eligibility. In order to be eligible for the Rural
Development Voucher under this Notice, the tenant must meet the
following conditions:
 1. Be residing in the Section 515 project on the date of the
prepayment of the Section 515 loan or foreclosure by RD;
 2. Be a United States (U.S.) citizen, U.S. citizen national, or a
resident alien that meets certain qualifications. In accordance with
Section 214 of the Housing and Community Development Act of 1980 (42
U.S.C. 1436a), financial assistance under this voucher program can only
be provided to a United States (U.S.) citizen, U.S. non-citizen
national, or a resident alien that meets certain qualifications. RD
considers the tenant who applies for the voucher under this Notice as
the individual receiving the financial assistance from the voucher.
Accordingly, the individual tenant who applies for a voucher under this
program must submit the following documentation (42 U.S.C. 1436a(d)):
 i. For citizens, a written declaration of U.S. citizenship signed
under the penalty of perjury. RD may request verification of the
declaration by requiring presentation of a U.S. passport, Social
Security card, or other appropriate documentation, as determined by RD;
 ii. For non-citizens who are 62 years of age or older, the evidence
consists of:
 A. A signed declaration of eligible immigration status; and
 B. Proof of age document; and
 iii. For all other non-citizens:
 A. A signed declaration of eligible immigration status;
 B. Alien registration documentation or other proof of immigration
registration from the United States Citizenship and Immigration
Services (USCIS) that contains the individual's alien admission number
or alien file number; and
 C. A signed verification consent form that provides that evidence
of eligible immigration status may be released to RD and USCIS for
purposes of verifying the immigration status of the individual. RD
shall provide a reasonable opportunity, not to exceed 30 days, for an
individual to submit evidence indicating a satisfactory immigration
status, or to appeal to the Immigration and Naturalization Service the
verification determination of the Immigration and Naturalization
Service; and
 3. Be a low-income tenant on the date of the prepayment or
foreclosure. A low-income tenant is a tenant whose annual income does
not exceed 80 percent of the tenant median income for the area as
defined by HUD. HUD's definition of median income can be found at:
http://www.huduser.org/portal/datasets/il/il14/index_mfi.html.
 During the prepayment or foreclosure process, RD will evaluate the
tenant to determine if the tenant is low-income. If RD determines a
tenant is low-income, then within 90 days following the foreclosure or
prepayment, RD will send the tenant a letter offering the tenant a
voucher and will enclose a Voucher Obligation Request Form and a
citizenship declaration form. If the tenant wants to participate in the
RDVP, the tenant has 10 months from the date of prepayment or
foreclosure to return the Voucher Obligation Request Form and the
citizenship declaration to the local RD Office. If RD determines that
the tenant is ineligible, RD will provide administrative appeal rights
in accordance with 7 CFR part 11.
 b. Obtaining a Voucher. RD will monitor the prepayment request
process or foreclosure process, as applicable. As part of prepayment or
foreclosure of the Section 515 property, RD will determine market rents
in the housing market area prior to the date of prepayment or
foreclosure. The market rents will be used to calculate the amount of
the voucher each tenant is entitled to receive.
 As noted above, all tenants will be notified if they are eligible
and the amount of the voucher within 90 days following the date of
prepayment or foreclosure. The tenant notice will include a description
of the RDVP, a Voucher Obligation Request Form, and letter from RD
offering the tenant participation in RDVP. The tenant has 10 months
from the date of prepayment or foreclosure to return the Voucher
Obligation Request Form and the signed citizenship declaration. Failure
to submit the Voucher Obligation Request Form and the signed
citizenship declaration within the required timeframes eliminates the
tenant's opportunity to receive a voucher. A tenant's failure to
respond within the required timeframes is not appealable.
 Once the tenant returns the Voucher Obligation Request Form and the
citizenship declaration to RD, a voucher will be issued within 30 days
subject to the availability of funding. All information necessary for a
housing search, explanations of unit acceptability, and RD contact
information will be provided by RD to the tenant after the Voucher
Obligation Request Form and citizenship declaration are received. In
cases where the foreclosure sale yields no successful bidders and the
property enters RD inventory, vouchers will only be offered upon the
property's entry into inventory. The voucher cannot be used at an
inventory property.
 The tenant receiving a Rural Development Voucher has an initial
period of 60 calendar days from issuance of the voucher to find a
housing unit. At its discretion, RD may grant one or more extensions of
the initial period for up to an additional 60 days. Generally, the
maximum voucher period for any tenant participating in the RDVP is 120
days. RD will extend the voucher search period beyond the 120 days only
if the tenant needs and requests an extension of the initial period as
a reasonable accommodation to make the program accessible to a disabled
family member. If the Rural Development Voucher remains unused after a
period of 150 days from the date of original issuance, the Rural
Development Voucher will become void, any funding will be cancelled,
and the tenant will no longer be eligible to receive a Rural
Development Voucher at that property.
 If a tenant previously participated in the RDVP and was
subsequently terminated, that tenant is ineligible for future
participation in the RDVP.
 c. Initial Lease Term. The initial lease term for the housing unit
where the tenant wishes to use the Rural Development Voucher must be
for one year. The ``initial lease'' is the first lease signed by and
between the tenant and the property owner.
 d. Inspection of Units and Unit Approval. Once the tenant finds a
housing unit, Rural Development will inspect and determine if the
housing standard is acceptable within 30 days of RD's receipt of the
HUD Form 52517, ``Request for Tenancy Approval Housing Choice Voucher
Program'' found at:
http://portal.hud.gov/hudportal/documents/huddoc?id=52517.pdf and the Disclosure
of Information on Lead-Based
Paint Hazards. The inspection standards currently in effect for the RD
Section 515 Multi-Family Housing program apply to the RDVP. RD must
inspect the unit and ensure that the unit meets the housing inspection
standards set forth at 7 CFR 3560.103. Under no circumstances will RD
make voucher rental payments for any period of time prior to the date
that RD physically inspects the unit and determines the unit meets the
housing inspection

[[Page 12428]]

standards. In the case of properties financed by RD under the Section
515 program, RD will only accept the results of physical inspections
performed no more than one year prior to the date of receipt by RD of
Form HUD 52517, in order to make determinations on acceptable housing
standards. Before approving tenancy or executing a Housing Assistance
Payments contract, RD must first determine that the following
conditions are met:
 1. The unit has been inspected by RD and passes the housing
standards inspection or has otherwise been found acceptable by RD, as
noted previously; and
 2. The lease includes the HUD Tenancy Addendum. A copy of the HUD
Tenancy Addendum will be provided by RD when the tenant is informed he/
she is eligible for a voucher.
 Once the conditions in the above paragraph are met, RD will approve
the unit for leasing. RD will then execute with the owner a Housing
Assistance Payments (HAP) contract, Form HUD-52641. The HAP contract
must be executed before Rural Development Voucher payments can be made.
RD will attempt to execute the HAP contract on behalf of the tenant
before the beginning of the lease term. In the event that this does not
occur, the HAP contract may be executed up to 60 calendar days after
the beginning of the lease term. If the HAP contract is executed during
this 60-day period, RD will make retroactive housing assistance
payments to the owner, on behalf of the tenant, to cover the portion of
the approved lease term before execution of the HAP contract. The HAP
contract and lease will need to be revised to the later effective date.
RD will not execute a HAP contract that is dated prior to either the
prepayment date of the Section 515 loan, or the date of foreclosure, as
appropriate. Any HAP contract executed after the 60-day period will be
considered untimely. If the failure to execute the HAP contract within
the aforementioned 60-day period lies with the owner, as determined by
RD, then RD will not pay any housing assistance payment to the owner
for that period.
 e. Subsidy Calculations for Rural Development Vouchers. As stated
earlier, an eligible tenant will be notified of the maximum voucher
amount within 90 days following prepayment or foreclosure. The maximum
voucher amount for the RDVP is the difference between the market rent
in the housing market area and the tenant's contribution on the date of
the prepayment, as determined by RD. The voucher amount will be based
on the market rent; the voucher amount will never exceed the market
rent at the time of prepayment even if the tenant chooses to stay in-
place.
 Also, in no event will the Rural Development Voucher payment exceed
the actual tenant lease rent. The amount of the voucher will not change
either over time or if the tenant chooses to move to a more expensive
location.
 f. Mobility and Portability of Rural Development Vouchers. An
eligible tenant that is issued a Rural Development Voucher may elect to
use the voucher in the same project, or may choose to move to another
location. The Rural Development Voucher may be used at the prepaid
property or any other rental unit in the United States and its
territories that passes RD physical inspection standards, and where the
owner will accept a Rural Development Voucher and execute a Form HUD
52641. Both the tenant and landlord must inform RD if the tenant plans
to move during the HAP agreement term, even to a new unit in the same
complex. All moves (within a complex or to another complex) require a
new voucher obligation form, a new inspection by RD, and a new HAP
agreement. In addition, HUD Section 8 and federally-assisted public
housing are excluded from the RDVP because those units are already
federally subsidized; tenants with a Rural Development Voucher would
have to give up the Rural Development Voucher to accept those other
types of assistance at those properties. However, while the Rural
Development Voucher may be used in other properties financed by RD, it
cannot be used in combination with the RD RA program. Tenants with a
Rural Development Voucher that apply for housing in an RD-financed
property must choose between using the voucher or RA, if available. If
the tenant relinquishes the Rural Development Voucher in favor of RA,
the tenant is not eligible to receive another Rural Development Voucher
while the tenant is receiving such RA.
 g. Term of Funding and Conditions for Renewal for Rural Development
Vouchers. The RDVP provides voucher assistance over 12 monthly
payments. The voucher is issued to the household in the name of the
primary tenant as the voucher holder. The voucher is not transferable
from the voucher holder to any other household member, except in the
case of the voucher holder's death or involuntary household separation,
such as the incarceration of the voucher holder or transfer of the
voucher holder to an assisted living or nursing home facility. Upon
receiving documentation of such cases, the voucher may be transferred
at the Agency's discretion to another tenant on the voucher holder's
lease.
 The voucher is renewable subject to the availability of
appropriations to the USDA. In order to renew a voucher, a tenant must
return a signed Voucher Obligation Request Form, which will be sent to
the tenant within 60-90 days before the current voucher expires. If the
voucher holder fails to return the renewal Voucher Obligation Request
Form before the current voucher funding expires, the voucher will be
terminated and no renewal will occur.
 In order to ensure continued eligibility to use the Rural
Development Voucher, tenants must certify at the time they apply for
renewal of the voucher that the current tenant income does not exceed
the ``maximum income level,'' which is 80 percent of family median
income (a HUD dataset broken down by State, and then county). RD will
advise the tenant of the maximum income level when the renewal Voucher
Obligation Request Form is sent.
 Renewal requests will enjoy no preference over other voucher
requests, and will be processed as described in this Notice.

III. Non-Discrimination Statement

USDA prohibits discrimination in all its programs and activities on
the basis of race, color, national origin, age, disability, and where
applicable, sex, marital status, familial status, parental status,
religion, sexual orientation, genetic information, political beliefs,
reprisal, or because of all or part of an individual's income is
derived from any public assistance program. (Not all prohibited bases
apply to all programs.) Persons with disabilities who require
alternative means for communication of program information (Braille,
large print, audiotape, etc.) should contact USDA's TARGET Center at
(202) 720-2600 (voice and TDD).
 If you wish to file a Civil Rights program complaint of
discrimination, complete the USDA Program Discrimination Complaint
Form, found online at: http://www.ascr.usda.gov/complaint_filing_cust.html or at
any USDA Office, or call (866) 632-
9992 to request the form. Send your completed complaint form or letter
by mail to: U.S. Department of Agriculture, Director, Office of
Adjudication, 1400 Independence Avenue SW., Washington, DC 20250; by
fax at (202) 690-7442; or, by email at: program.intake@usda.gov
Individuals who are deaf, hard of hearing or have speech disabilities
and who wish to file a program complaint should please contact USDA
through the Federal Relay

[[Page 12429]]

Service at (800) 877-8339 or (800) 845-6136 (in Spanish). USDA is an
equal opportunity provider and employer. The full ``Non-Discrimination
Statement'' is found at:
http://www.usda.gov.wps/portal/usda/usdahome?navtype=Non_Discrimination.

IV. Paperwork Reduction Act

The information collection requirements contained in this document
are those of the Housing Choice Voucher Program, which have been
approved by the Office of Management and Budget (OMB) under the
Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995 (44 U.S.C. 3501-3520) and assigned OMB
control number 2577-0169.

Dated: March 3, 2015.
Tony Hernandez,
Administrator, Housing and Community Facilities Programs.
[FR Doc. 2015-05433 Filed 3-6-15; 8:45 am]
BILLING CODE 3410-XV-P


In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: May 6, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              99 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                               The Times (London)

                              July 5, 2013 Friday
                                   Edition 1;
                                National Edition

The American rental revolution;
US-style schemes are set to transform life for tenants in this country, says
Claire Carponen

BYLINE: Claire Carponen

SECTION: BRICKS AND MORTAR;FEATURES; Pg. 7

LENGTH: 626 words


The uniformed doorman may be a standard feature of rental-apartment living in
the US, but in the UK such services are the preserve of the premium end of the
private rented sector (PRS). Geeta Nanda, the chief executive of Thames Valley
Housing, a leading housing association, is aspiring to change such expectations
- which would fundamentally alter the nature of the PRS in the United Kingdom.

"Ninety-five per cent of the PRS is owned by small-time landlords," Nanda says.
"That's the fundamental thing that has to change." She wants to bring US-style,
large-scale, high-quality rented accommodation to the UK, and has already made a
start. Last year the housing association set up Fizzy Living, an initiative that
offers tenants long tenancy agreements, wi-fi and an on-site manager. All 75
flats in the first Fizzy scheme, in Canning Town, East London, were filled in
three months. Last month Thames Valley acquired 45 flats in a building in nearby
Poplar and there is also a Fizzy block in Epsom, Surrey.

"If people can't afford to buy they should at least have a good rental offer,"
Nanda says. "We wanted a properly established proposition for those who need to
share and those renting on their own."

A recent visit to large, multi-family private rental schemes in Boston and
Washington has confirmed Nanda's view that the PRS in the UK has much to learn
from the US model. She explains: "In America they have a very sophisticated
understanding about what matters to people in the rental market and what they
are willing to pay for."

The apartments in a block may be modest, Nanda explains, but the services,
communal areas and management are excellent. The blocks have a "basic" concierge
service, where you can drop off dry-cleaning and pick up your post. Some have
rooftop terraces, outdoor areas with barbecues and private dining rooms to rent
for parties. There are also gyms, on-site storage and bike racks.

"Some services such as dog-walking are extra but people are willing to pay and
the service is built around that," Nanda says.

Nanda, who was awarded an OBE for her services to social housing last month,
thinks this style of renting will work just as well in Britain as it does in the
US, as the countries have similar fundamentals. Homeownership is unachievable
for many people in the US because of the constraints in the mortgage market - a
situation that looks unlikely to change soon - and the number of people renting
is increasing.

In the UK, renting can still be seen as the inferior option, but attitudes are
different in the US as a result of that nation's severe housing slump. Nanda
says: "I spoke to a lot of people who did own and they don't want to now. Some
had lost their home in the crash and they liked the fact they are not tied to a
mortgage and they can live more centrally."

Building homes for rent has been a key driver of recovery in the US housing
market. Forty per cent of "housing starts" are multi-family housing , which is
viewed as a safe bet, according to Nanda, "If you put up a block of 200 homes to
rent privately you will let it in a year. If they are all for sale than there is
much greater risk."

Nanda argues that the reason the sector works so well in the US is that the
buildings are owned by investment institutions, such as pension funds. As a
result, they have a very different market. There is an expectation that blocks
will be sold and renovated to keep up with trends.

Fizzy Living's long-term aim is to build the accommodation from scratch.

"This is the key to making it a success, to build to rent," Nanda says. "If you
can build with renters in mind then you can do something that is much more
exciting. You can make the accommodation flexible, include en suite bathrooms
and walls that open and shut."

LOAD-DATE: July 5, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: In the US uniformed doormen and concierge services where you can drop
off dry-cleaning and pick up your post are the norm. Geeta Nanda, left, plans to
introduce similar services here
JOHN CHAPPLE / REX FEATURES

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: TIM


                    Copyright 2013 Times Newspapers Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             100 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            April 6, 2016 Wednesday

New Hampshire: Analysis of Occupant Characteristics of NHHFA Financed
Multi-Family Projects

LENGTH: 182  words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Concord: Housing Finance Authority, The State of New Hampshire has issued the
following news release:



 Over the past forty years New Hampshire Housing Finance Authority has financed
more than 275 multi-family rental housing projects for low and moderate income
households in New Hampshire under a variety of Federal housing programs. Those
projects continue to serve their intended populations and while we continue to
monitor their financial and regulatory performance, there is no established
mechanism for collecting comprehensive information on the demographic and
economic characteristics of households living in those projects. In order to
better understand the effectiveness of our multi-family housing programs and to
plan for the future housing needs of New Hampshire households, New Hampshire
Housing is interested in gaining an understanding of the demographic and
economic characteristics of those households currently living in those
multi-family housing projects.







 In case of any query regarding this article or other content please contact:
editorial@plusmediasolution.com

LOAD-DATE: April 7, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             101 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                   New Orleans CityBusiness (New Orleans, LA)

                                 March 30, 2009

Court order moves St. Bernard apartments forward

BYLINE: Greg LaRose

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 441  words


An apartment developer will be able to move forward with a $60 million project
in St. Bernard Parish after a federal judge ruled Wednesday that a moratorium on
multi-family housing construction the parish council enacted in September
violates federal fair housing standards.

Provident Realty Advisors was working on four separate buildings totaling 288
units when the council's moratorium stopped the project. The Greater New Orleans
Fair Housing Action Center intervened on behalf of Provident in federal court,
marking the second time the group has successfully challenged rental
restrictions in St. Bernard Parish since Hurricane Katrina.

"We're hoping this sets a precedent for other government leaders in our metro
area ... so they won't enact measures that unfairly restrict access to
affordable housing for our poorest citizens," said Lucia Blacksher, GNOFHAC
general counsel.

In November 2005, the St. Bernard Parish Council enacted a moratorium on
multi-family housing construction. Parish President Craig Taffaro followed that
ban in early 2006 with a measure that restricted the rental of single-family
residences to blood relatives.

The GNOFHAC challenged the restrictions in federal court in October 2006, and
Judge Helen Berrigan crafted a consent order in February 2007 that rescinded the
moratorium and blood relative ordinance. The order gave her court jurisdiction
over the matter for three years.

When the September 2008 moratorium stopped the Provident projects, GNOFHAC
brought the parish back to federal court in December. In her ruling filed
Wednesday, Berrigan ordered St. Bernard to rescind its latest ordinance that
placed a moratorium on all housing developments with five or more units.

Berrigan said St. Bernard's moratorium has a "disparate impact" on African
Americans in that it reduces the amount of available multi-family housing. Since
17.6 percent of African-American households in the New Orleans area live in
structures with five or more units compared with 9.5 percent of Caucasian
households, African Americans are 85 percent more likely to live in apartment
complexes.

The ruling said African Americans are disproportionately affected because the
moratorium reduces the supply of rental properties. More than 90 percent of
structures with more than five units are rental properties, and 51.7 percent of
African-American households in the New Orleans metropolitan area are renters.

Also, the ruling states African-American households are far more likely to have
incomes within the ranges for the proposed affordable housing developments.

Blacksher said she expects St. Bernard Parish to appeal Berrigan's latest
ruling.

LOAD-DATE: March 31, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Legal activity (lawsuits etc.)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2009 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved


                             102 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                   New Orleans CityBusiness (New Orleans, LA)

                                 March 30, 2009

Apartments get court's OK

BYLINE: Greg LaRose

LENGTH: 442  words


An apartment developer will be able to move forward with a $60 million project
in St. Bernard Parish after a federal judge ruled Wednesday that a moratorium on
multi-family housing construction the parish council enacted in September
violates federal fair housing standards.

Provident Realty Advisors was working on four separate buildings totaling 288
units when the council's moratorium stopped the project. The Greater New Orleans
Fair Housing Action Center intervened on behalf of Provident in federal court,
marking the second time the group has successfully challenged rental
restrictions in St. Bernard Parish since Hurricane Katrina.

"We're hoping this sets a precedent for other government leaders in our metro
area ... so they won't enact measures that unfairly restrict access to
affordable housing for our poorest citizens," said Lucia Blacksher, GNOFHAC
general counsel.

In November 2005, the St. Bernard Parish Council enacted a moratorium on
multi-family housing construction. Parish President Craig Taffaro followed that
ban in early 2006 with a measure that restricted the rental of single-family
residences to blood relatives.

The GNOFHAC challenged the restrictions in federal court in October 2006, and
Judge Helen Berrigan crafted a consent order in February 2007 that rescinded the
moratorium and blood relative ordinance. The order gave her court jurisdiction
over the matter for three years.

When the September 2008 moratorium stopped the Provident projects, GNOFHAC
brought the parish back to federal court in December. In her ruling filed
Wednesday, Berrigan ordered St. Bernard to rescind its latest ordinance that
placed a moratorium on all housing developments with five or more units.

Berrigan said St. Bernard's moratorium has a "disparate impact" on African
Americans in that it reduces the amount of available multi-family housing. Since
17.6 percent of African-American households in the New Orleans area live in
structures with five or more units compared with 9.5 percent of Caucasian
households, African Americans are 85 percent more likely to live in apartment
complexes.

The ruling said African Americans are disproportionately affected because the
moratorium reduces the supply of rental properties. More than 90 percent of
structures with more than five units are rental properties, and 51.7 percent of
African-American households in the New Orleans metropolitan area are renters.

Also, the ruling states African-American households are far more likely to have
incomes within the ranges for the proposed affordable housing developments.

Blacksher said she expects St. Bernard Parish to appeal Berrigan's latest
ruling. o

LOAD-DATE: March 31, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2009 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved


                             103 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                 The Bond Buyer

                           November 2, 2016 Wednesday

Pennsylvania Treasury Announces $100M Impact Initiative

BYLINE: Paul Burton

SECTION: REGIONAL NEWS Vol. 1 No. 34605

LENGTH: 231  words


Pennsylvania Treasurer Timothy Reese on Nov. 1 announced the launch of a $100
million initiative that he said would provide a competitive rate of return while
supporting state investments in affordable housing, small business, health and
educational facilities, and infrastructure projects.

Treasury will invest the funds through RBC Global Asset Management's access
capital community investment strategy which he said will design a portfolio of
securitized, fixed-income investments in Pennsylvania projects.

Since 1998, the RBC has worked with governments and institutional investors to
invest in customized U.S. agency guaranteed mortgage-backed securities and
government-backed loans and municipal securities that support affordable rental
housing, small businesses, healthcare, education and job creation targeted to
low- and moderate-income residents and communities.

As of Sept. 30, the program had more than $910 million in assets under
management. Investment performance for Treasury's funds will be measured against
the Barclays Capital Aggregate Index.

The commonwealth could use the funds to invest in affordable housing by
purchasing multi-family rental and mortgage loans originated by the Pennsylvania
Housing Finance Agency. Such an investment, said Reese, would provide a
sustainable low-cost source of financing to support the development of
affordable multi-family properties.

URL: http://www.bondbuyer.com

LOAD-DATE: November 1, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: BONDBUYER_NEWS


                        Copyright 2016 SourceMedia, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             104 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       Sarasota Herald Tribune (Florida)

                           August 17, 2016 Wednesday

Surplus land could be used for affordable housing

BYLINE: MIKE EISGRAU | Special to the Herald-

SECTION: A; FL News; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 630 words


MANATEE COUNTY

MANATEE COUNTY - To generate more affordable housing in urban areas, the Manatee
County Commission is considering inviting developers to buy "surplus" properties
owned by the county, such as land acquired because of delinquent taxes.

Roughly 70 surplus properties are being reviewed by the Property Management
Department for appropriateness for affordable housing.

While taking high land costs out of the equation will help, Neighborhood
Services Director Cheri Coryea told commissioners Tuesday that the county also
will have to consider land development code changes to provide more housing
options such as triplexes, "tiny homes" and "mother-in-law suites."

"We can bring the lot. We can bring the zoning," Commissioner Larry Bustle said,
saying those steps could enable the county to assist developers such as Habitat
for Humanity.

Bustle said the commission will have to be "strong" as it faces residents
attending public hearings who do not want multi-family zoning, which most likely
will be needed, in their neighborhoods. "That is something we are going to have
to face."

"We have a lot of historical neighborhoods who like it just the way they are,"
Commissioner Betsy Benac said.

"There is still a negative connotation that comes with affordable housing,"
Coryea said.

Coryea and Denise Thomas, the county's housing and community development
coordinator, said the public still needs to understand that "affordable housing"
is not Section 8 housing subsidized with federal rental vouchers for very
low-income households. It is housing for teachers, firefighters, police and
young professionals who cannot afford market-rate rents or a down payment on a
home.

"It is housing for your sons, your

daughters, your grandchildren, your mother," Thomas said.

Coryea suggested the county work with a developer on a demonstration project,
such as a multi-family project on adjoining empty lots the county owns near
Ninth Street West and 30th Avenue in Bradenton.

"All we do is mow it" and not even collect property taxes on it, Commissioner
Carol Whitmore said. Even if the county sold the land for just $100, she said,
"we make the money back on the tax roll. ... A reasonable price to me is to get
it back on the tax roll."

Diana Shoemaker of Habitat for Humanity said the site might be appropriate for
"a small triplex" if the county would allow that use.

"We need property," Shoemaker told commissioners. "We need stock."

The county's contribution of the value of any surplus land could be used as a
match to qualify for affordable housing grants, Thomas said.

County Attorney Mickey Palmer said state law requires the county to only sell
land at "a nominal price" to a non-profit entity. Yet the county may still find
a means for enabling for-profit developers to acquire land for a reasonable
price, Palmer said.

For example, Commissioner Robin DiSabatino said, if the county put out "an
invitation to negotiate" and the highest offer from a for-profit developer
turned out to be $500, the land cost would still be low.

If the county provides land to a for-profit developer, it will need assurances
that it will be used for affordable housing, Thomas noted.

Benac said she wants to be "careful" with such conditions because home ownership
is "the American dream" and she does not want to deny families from seeing their
investments increase in value.

As an incentive, the county now offers impact fee assistance for developers who
build affordable housing. Yet that offer is only for home ownership and needs to
be extended to developers of rentals, Thomas said.

The county cannot waive impact fees, which are assessed on new construction to
pay for infrastructure such as parks and roads, County Administrator Ed Hunzeker
said. It can, however, pay the fees instead of the builder.

LOAD-DATE: August 18, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: MANATEE COUNTY MANATEE COUNTY - To generate more affordable housing in
urban areas, the Manatee County Commission is considering inviting developers to
buy "surplus" properties owned by the county, such as land acquired because of
delinquent taxes. Roughly 70 surplus properties are being reviewed by the
Property Management Department for appropriateness for affordable housing.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 Sarasota Herald-Tribune Co.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             105 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       Sarasota Herald Tribune (Florida)

                           August 17, 2016 Wednesday

Surplus land could be used for affordable housing

BYLINE: Dale White

SECTION: B; FL News; Pg. 2

LENGTH: 630 words


MANATEE COUNTY

MANATEE COUNTY - To generate more affordable housing in urban areas, the Manatee
County Commission is considering inviting developers to buy "surplus" properties
owned by the county, such as land acquired because of delinquent taxes.

Roughly 70 surplus properties are being reviewed by the Property Management
Department for appropriateness for affordable housing.

While taking high land costs out of the equation will help, Neighborhood
Services Director Cheri Coryea told commissioners Tuesday that the county also
will have to consider land development code changes to provide more housing
options such as triplexes, "tiny homes" and "mother-in-law suites."

"We can bring the lot. We can bring the zoning," Commissioner Larry Bustle said,
saying those steps could enable the county to assist developers such as Habitat
for Humanity.

Bustle said the commission will have to be "strong" as it faces residents
attending public hearings who do not want multi-family zoning, which most likely
will be needed, in their neighborhoods. "That is something we are going to have
to face."

"We have a lot of historical neighborhoods who like it just the way they are,"
Commissioner Betsy Benac said.

"There is still a negative connotation that comes with affordable housing,"
Coryea said.

Coryea and Denise Thomas, the county's housing and community development
coordinator, said the public still needs to understand that "affordable housing"
is not Section 8 housing subsidized with federal rental vouchers for very
low-income households. It is housing for teachers, firefighters, police and
young professionals who cannot afford market-rate rents or a down payment on a
home.

"It is housing for your sons, your daughters, your grandchildren, your mother,"
Thomas said.

Coryea suggested the county work with a developer on a demonstration project,
such as a multi-family project on adjoining empty lots the county owns near
Ninth Street West and 30th Avenue in Bradenton.

"All we do is mow it" and not even collect property taxes on it, Commissioner
Carol Whitmore said. Even if the county sold the land for just $100, she said,
"we make the money back on the tax roll. ... A reasonable price to me is to get
it back on the tax roll."

Diana Shoemaker of Habitat for Humanity said the site might be appropriate for
"a small triplex" if the county would allow that use.

"We need property," Shoemaker told commissioners. "We need stock."

The county's contribution of the value of any surplus land could be used as a
match to qualify for affordable housing grants, Thomas said.

County Attorney Mickey Palmer said state law requires the county to only sell
land at "a nominal price" to a non-profit entity. Yet the county may still find
a means for enabling for-profit developers to acquire land for a reasonable
price, Palmer said.

For example, Commissioner Robin DiSabatino said, if the county put out "an
invitation to negotiate" and the highest offer from a for-profit developer
turned out to be $500, the land cost would still be low.

If the county provides land to a for-profit developer, it will need assurances
that it will be used for affordable housing, Thomas noted.

Benac said she wants to be "careful" with such conditions because home ownership
is "the American dream" and she does not want to deny families from seeing their
investments increase in value.

As an incentive, the county now offers impact fee assistance for developers who
build affordable housing. Yet that offer is only for home ownership and needs to
be extended to developers of rentals, Thomas said.

The county cannot waive impact fees, which are assessed on new construction to
pay for infrastructure such as parks and roads, County Administrator Ed Hunzeker
said. It can, however, pay the fees instead of the builder.

LOAD-DATE: August 18, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: MANATEE COUNTY MANATEE COUNTY - To generate more affordable housing in
urban areas, the Manatee County Commission is considering inviting developers to
buy "surplus" properties owned by the county, such as land acquired because of
delinquent taxes. Roughly 70 surplus properties are being reviewed by the
Property Management Department for appropriateness for affordable housing.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 Sarasota Herald-Tribune Co.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             106 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                              May 7, 2015 Thursday

Utah: MacArthur Foundation to Wind Down Housing-Related Investments

LENGTH: 416  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Foundation Center, The State of Utah has issued the following news release:

Over the past fifteen years, the foundation has invested more than $270 million
in efforts to study and create affordable housing, including $76.5 million in
Chicago alone. Not surprisingly, officials at affordable housing organizations
are concerned about the exit of one of the nation's largest foundations from the
affordable housing arena, not least because it may suggest to some that the
nation's housing problems have been "fixed." Just last week, however, the Make
Room initiative was launched to draw attention to the lack of affordable rental
options for families across the nation; MacArthur made a $500,000 grant in
support of the campaign in 2014 after its research found that roughly one in
four renter households spend at least half their income on rent.

Three years ago, MacArthur, along with the Citi, Morgan Stanley, Prudential, and
Ford foundations, invested a total of $100 million to create the Housing
Partnership Equity Trust, an affordable housing REIT that works with a dozen
nonprofits to buy and preserve affordable multi-family buildings, while in the
Chicago area MacArthur's affordable-housing investments have benefited
researchers, loan programs, nonprofits, developers, and municipalities. Among
other things, it helped fund Chicago's Plan for Transformation, which aims to
overhaul the city's public-housing high-rises, and it provided additional funds
to help researchers study the effect of relocation on those residents. It also
provided funding for Elevate Energy, an effort to help owners of multi-family
rental buildings make their properties more energy-efficient. According to Anne
Evens, Elevate Energy's CEO, the program will continue to receive funding from
utility companies and local and state governments.

Still, the possibility that others may misread the foundation's decision worries
Julia Stasch, a former Chicago housing commissioner who was recently named
president of the foundation. "Housing is something I find a very compelling
issue," said Stasch, who noted that the foundation may continue to invest in
specific programs related to housing. "At the same time we are challenged to
say, 'Are we doing too much across our entire portfolio.' When you go down that
path, you have to make some tough decisions. No initiative in any foundation
lasts forever."

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: May 8, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             107 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     The Leader-Post (Regina, Saskatchewan)

                           August 22, 2007 Wednesday
                                 Final Edition

A shared responsibility

BYLINE: The Leader-Post

SECTION: VIEWPOINTS; Pg. B10

LENGTH: 388  words


For years, Saskatchewan's housing market grew at about the same pace as a man
building his dream home one brick at a time -- verrrry slowly.

Not any more.

"Frantic" is a good word to describe the current pace of activity, which
includes:

n Construction of 2,500 single-family homes and 1,500 multi-family units south
of Regina International Airport, 500-600 new townhouses and apartments at the
corner of College Avenue and Broad Street and many new homes in communities from
Swift Current to Saskatoon.

n A 48.4-per-cent increase in new-home prices in Saskatoon in June, compared
with a year earlier, and a 22.5-per-cent increase in Regina for the same period.
Sellers of pre-owned homes are receiving multiple offers, frequently selling
well above list price.

While many are cheering the housing boom, it's created a challenge for those
trying to buy their first home and made life tough for renters.

Rising rents and strong demand for affordable accommodation have fast become big
issues for municipal and provincial politicians and the NDP government is
expected to issue a report on the situation next week. Meanwhile, Community
Resources Minister Kevin Yates is asking cabinet to raise the housing allowance
for those on social assistance.

There are plenty of ideas kicking around, among them a Saskatoon City Council
proposal that developers set aside a portion of each new subdivision for
affordable housing. Homebuilders in Saskatoon and Regina says it's something
they are more than willing to look at.

Construction of more Habitat for Humanity homes and other community- led
projects can also play a role, albeit small.

Other ideas are more controversial and Saskatoon council has dismissed a
suggestion by the government it freeze conversions of rental properties to
condos.

And the Saskatchewan Party -- which could form the next government -- has
rejected the idea of rent controls, which could prompt landlords to sell off
rental housing stock and make the situation even worse for renters.

Ultimately, city councils, developers and community groups can't shoulder all
the responsibility for supplying affordable housing, nor should they be expected
to.

Housing is such a basic human need that all of us will have to play a role
through the taxes we pay to fund government programs that ensure everyone has a
roof over their head.

LOAD-DATE: August 22, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Editorial

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


  Copyright 2007 The Leader-Post, a division of Canwest MediaWorks Publication
                                      Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             108 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            June 29, 2016 Wednesday

FEDERAL REGISTER: Rural Development Voucher Program

LENGTH: 3623  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: Office of the Federal Register has issued the following notice:



  DEPARTMENT OF AGRICULTURE Rural Housing Service Rural Development Voucher
Program AGENCY: Rural Housing Service, USDA. ACTION: Notice.
----------------------------------------------------------------------- SUMMARY:
The U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA) in fiscal year (FY) 2006 established
the demonstration Rural Development Voucher Program (RDVP), as authorized under
Section 542 of the Housing Act of 1949 as amended (42 U.S.C. 1490R) (without
regard to Section 542(b)). This Notice informs the public of the general
policies and procedures for the RDVP for FY 2016. Rural Development Vouchers are
only available to low-income tenants of Rural Development (RD)-financed
multi-family properties where the Rural Rental Housing loan (Section 515) has
been prepaid (either through prepayment or foreclosure action); prior to the
loan's maturity date.

DATES: In order for eligible tenants to participate, a voucher obligation form
must be submitted within 10 months of the foreclosure or pre-payment. FOR
FURTHER INFORMATION CONTACT: Stephanie B.M. White, Director, Multi- [[Page
42310]] Family Housing Portfolio Management Division, Rural Development, U.S.
Department of Agriculture, 1400 Independence Avenue SW., STOP 0782, Washington,
DC 20250, telephone (202) 720-1615. Persons with hearing or speech impairments
may access this number via TDD by calling the toll- free Federal Information
Relay Service at (800) 877-8339. SUPPLEMENTARY INFORMATION: I. Background This
Notice outlines the process for providing voucher assistance to eligible tenants
when a property owner either prepays a Section 515 loan or USDA action results
in a foreclosure after September 30, 2005. The Consolidated Appropriations Act,
2016, Public Law 114-113, provided that the Secretary of the USDA shall carry
out the Rural Development Voucher program as follows: That of the funds made
available under this heading, $15,000,000, shall be available for rural housing
vouchers to any low-income household (including those not receiving rental
assistance) residing in a property financed with a Section 515 loan which has
been prepaid after September 30, 2005. Provided further, that the amount of such
voucher shall be the difference between comparable market rent for the Section
515 unit and the tenant paid rent for such unit: Provided further, that funds
made available for such vouchers shall be subject to the availability of annual
appropriations: Provided further, that the Secretary shall, to the maximum
extent practicable, administer such vouchers with current regulations and
administrative guidance applicable to Section 8 housing vouchers administered by
the Secretary of the Department of Housing and Urban Development. This Notice
outlines the process for providing voucher assistance to the eligible impacted
families when an owner prepays a Section 515 loan or USDA action results in a
foreclosure. II. Design Features of the RDVP This section sets forth the design
features of the RDVP, including the eligibility of tenants, the inspection of
the housing units, and the calculation of the subsidy amount. Rural Development
Vouchers under this part are administered by the Rural Housing Service, an
agency under the RD mission area, in accordance with requirements set forth in
this Notice and further explained in, ``The Rural Development Voucher Program
Guide,'' which can be obtained by contacting any RD Office. Contact information
for RD offices can be found at: http://www.rd.usda.gov/contact-us/state-offices.
These requirements are generally based on the housing choice voucher program
regulations of the Department of Housing and Urban Development (HUD) set forth
at 24 CFR part 982, unless otherwise noted by this Notice. The RDVP is intended
to offer protection to eligible Multi-Family Housing tenants in properties
financed through RD's Section 515 Rural Rental Housing program (Section 515
property) who may be subject to economic hardship due to the property owner's
prepayment of the RD mortgage. When the owner of a Section 515 property pays off
the loan prior to the loan's maturity date (either through prepayment or
foreclosure action), the RD affordable housing requirements and Rental
Assistance (RA) subsidies generally cease to exist. Rents may increase, thereby
making the housing unaffordable to tenants. Regardless, the tenant may become
responsible for the full payment of rent when a prepayment occurs, whether or
not the rent increases. The Rural Development Voucher is intended to help
tenants by providing an annual rental subsidy, renewable on the terms and
conditions set forth herein and subject to the availability of funds, that will
supplement the tenant's rent payment. This program enables a tenant to make an
informed decision about remaining in the property, moving to a new property, or
obtaining other financial housing assistance. Low-income tenants in the
prepaying property are eligible to receive a voucher to use at their current
rental property, or to take to any other rental unit in the United States and
its territories. Tenants in properties foreclosed on by RD are eligible for a
Rural Development Voucher under the same conditions as properties that go
through the standard prepayment process. There are some general limitations on
the use of a voucher:  The rental unit must pass a RD health and safety

 inspection, and the owner must be willing to accept a Rural Development

 Voucher.

      Rural Development Vouchers cannot be used for units in

 subsidized housing, like Section 8 and public housing, where two

 housing subsidies would result. The Rural Development Voucher may be

 used for rental units in other properties financed by RD, but it cannot

 be used in combination with the RD RA program.

      The Rural Development Voucher may not be used to purchase

 a home.

     a. Tenant Eligibility. In order to be eligible for the Rural

 Development Voucher under this Notice, the tenant must meet the

 following conditions:

     1. Be residing in the Section 515 project on the date of the

 prepayment of the Section 515 loan or foreclosure by RD;

     2. Be a United States (U.S.) citizen, U.S. citizen national, or a

 resident alien that meets certain qualifications. In accordance with

 Section 214 of the Housing and Community Development Act of 1980 (42

 U.S.C. 1436a), financial assistance under this voucher program can only

 be provided to a United States (U.S.) citizen, U.S. non-citizen

 national, or a resident alien that meets certain qualifications. RD

 considers the tenant who applies for the voucher under this Notice as

 the individual receiving the financial assistance from the voucher.

 Accordingly, the individual tenant who applies for a voucher under this

 program must submit the following documentation (42 U.S.C. 1436a (d)):

     i. For citizens, a written declaration of U.S. citizenship signed

 under the penalty of perjury. RD may request verification of the

 declaration by requiring presentation of a U.S. passport, Social

 Security card, or other appropriate documentation, as determined by RD;

     ii. For non-citizens who are 62 years of age or older, the evidence

 consists of:

     A. A signed declaration of eligible immigration status; and

     B. Proof of age document; and

     iii. For all other non-citizens:

     A. A signed declaration of eligible immigration status;

     B. Alien registration documentation or other proof of immigration

 registration from the United States Citizenship and Immigration

 Services (USCIS) that contains the individual's alien admission number

 or alien file number; and

     C. A signed verification consent form that provides that evidence

 of eligible immigration status may be released to RD and USCIS for

 purposes of verifying the immigration status of the individual. RD

 shall provide a reasonable opportunity, not to exceed 30 days, for an

 individual to submit evidence indicating a satisfactory immigration

 status, or to appeal to the Immigration and Naturalization Service the

 verification determination of the Immigration and Naturalization

 Service; and

     3. Be a low-income tenant on the date of the prepayment or

 foreclosure. A low-income tenant is a tenant whose annual income does

 not exceed 80 percent of the tenant median income for the area as

 defined by HUD. HUD's definition of



 [[Page 42311]]



 median income can be found at:
https://www.huduser.gov/portal/datasets/il/il16/index_mfi.html.

     During the prepayment or foreclosure process, RD will evaluate the

 tenant to determine if the tenant is low-income. If RD determines a

 tenant is low-income, then within 90 days following the foreclosure or

 prepayment, RD will send the tenant a letter offering the tenant a

 voucher and will enclose a Voucher Obligation Request Form and a

 citizenship declaration form. If the tenant wants to participate in the

 RDVP, the tenant has 10 months from the date of prepayment or

 foreclosure to return the Voucher Obligation Request Form and the

 citizenship declaration to the local RD Office. If RD determines that

 the tenant is ineligible, RD will provide administrative appeal rights

 in accordance with 7 CFR part 11.

     b. Obtaining a Voucher. RD will monitor the prepayment request

 process or foreclosure process, as applicable. As part of prepayment or

 foreclosure of the Section 515 property, RD will determine market rents

 in the housing market area prior to the date of prepayment or

 foreclosure. The market rents will be used to calculate the amount of

 the voucher each tenant is entitled to receive.

     As noted above, all tenants will be notified if they are eligible

 and the amount of the voucher within 90 days following the date of

 prepayment or foreclosure. The tenant notice will include a description

 of the RDVP, a Voucher Obligation Request Form, and letter from RD

 offering the tenant participation in RDVP. The tenant has 10 months

 from the date of prepayment or foreclosure to return the Voucher

 Obligation Request Form and the signed citizenship declaration. Failure

 to submit the Voucher Obligation Request Form and the signed

 citizenship declaration within the required timeframes eliminates the

 tenant's opportunity to receive a voucher. A tenant's failure to

 respond within the required timeframes is not appealable.

     Once the tenant returns the Voucher Obligation Request Form and the

 citizenship declaration to RD, a voucher will be issued within 30 days

 subject to the availability of funding. All information necessary for a

 housing search, explanations of unit acceptability, and RD contact

 information will be provided by RD to the tenant after the Voucher

 Obligation Request Form and citizenship declaration are received. In

 cases where the foreclosure sale yields no successful bidders and the

 property enters RD inventory, vouchers will only be offered upon the

 property's entry into inventory. The voucher cannot be used at an

 inventory property.

     The tenant receiving a Rural Development Voucher has an initial

 period of 60 calendar days from issuance of the voucher to find a

 housing unit. At its discretion, RD may grant one or more extensions of

 the initial period for up to an additional 60 days. Generally, the

 maximum voucher period for any tenant participating in the RDVP is 120

 days. RD will extend the voucher search period beyond the 120 days only

 if the tenant needs and requests an extension of the initial period as

 a reasonable accommodation to make the program accessible to a disabled

 family member. If the Rural Development Voucher remains unused after a

 period of 150 days from the date of original issuance, the Rural

 Development Voucher will become void, any funding will be cancelled,

 and the tenant will no longer be eligible to receive a Rural

 Development Voucher at that property.

     If a tenant previously participated in the RDVP and was

 subsequently terminated, that tenant is ineligible for future

 participation in the RDVP.

     c. Initial Lease Term. The initial lease term for the housing unit

 where the tenant wishes to use the Rural Development Voucher must be

 for one year. The ``initial lease'' is the first lease signed by and

 between the tenant and the property owner.

     d. Inspection of Units and Unit Approval. Once the tenant finds a

 housing unit, Rural Development will inspect and determine if the

 housing standard is acceptable within 30 days of RD's receipt of the

 HUD Form 52517, ``Request for Tenancy Approval Housing Choice Voucher

 Program'' found at
http://portal.hud.gov/hudportal/documents/huddoc?id=52517.pdf and the Disclosure
of Information on Lead-Based

 Paint Hazards. The inspection standards currently in effect for the RD

 Section 515 Multi-Family Housing program apply to the RDVP. RD must

 inspect the unit and ensure that the unit meets the housing inspection

 standards set forth at 7 CFR 3560.103. Under no circumstances will RD

 make voucher rental payments for any period of time prior to the date

 that RD physically inspects the unit and determines the unit meets the

 housing inspection standards. In the case of properties financed by RD

 under the Section 515 program, RD will only accept the results of

 physical inspections performed no more than one year prior to the date

 of receipt by RD of Form HUD 52517, in order to make determinations on

 acceptable housing standards. Before approving tenancy or executing a

 Housing Assistance Payments contract, RD must first determine that the

 following conditions are met:

     1. The unit has been inspected by RD and passes the housing

 standards inspection or has otherwise been found acceptable by RD, as

 noted previously; and

     2. The lease includes the HUD Tenancy Addendum. A copy of the HUD

 Tenancy Addendum will be provided by RD when the tenant is informed he/

 she is eligible for a voucher.

     Once the conditions in the above paragraph are met, RD will approve

 the unit for leasing. RD will then execute with the owner a Housing

 Assistance Payments (HAP) contract, Form HUD-52641. The HAP contract

 must be executed before Rural Development Voucher payments can be made.

 RD will attempt to execute the HAP contract on behalf of the tenant

 before the beginning of the lease term. In the event that this does not

 occur, the HAP contract may be executed up to 60 calendar days after

 the beginning of the lease term. If the HAP contract is executed during

 this 60-day period, RD will make retroactive housing assistance

 payments to the owner, on behalf of the tenant, to cover the portion of

 the approved lease term before execution of the HAP contract. The HAP

 contract and lease will need to be revised to the later effective date.

 RD will not execute a HAP contract that is dated prior to either the

 prepayment date of the Section 515 loan, or the date of foreclosure, as

 appropriate. Any HAP contract executed after the 60-day period will be

 considered untimely. If the failure to execute the HAP contract within

 the aforementioned 60-day period lies with the owner, as determined by

 RD, then RD will not pay any housing assistance payment to the owner

 for that period.

     e. Subsidy Calculations for Rural Development Vouchers. As stated

 earlier, an eligible tenant will be notified of the maximum voucher

 amount within 90 days following prepayment or foreclosure. The maximum

 voucher amount for the RDVP is the difference between the market rent

 in the housing market area and the tenant's contribution on the date of

 the prepayment, as determined by RD. The voucher amount will be based

 on the market rent; the voucher amount will never exceed the market

 rent at the time of prepayment even if the tenant chooses to stay in-

 place.

     Also, in no event will the Rural Development Voucher payment exceed

 the actual tenant lease rent. The amount of the voucher will not change

 either



 [[Page 42312]]



 over time or if the tenant chooses to move to a more expensive

 location.

     f. Mobility and Portability of Rural Development Vouchers. An

 eligible tenant that is issued a Rural Development Voucher may elect to

 use the voucher in the same project, or may choose to move to another

 location. The Rural Development Voucher may be used at the prepaid

 property or any other rental unit in the United States and its

 territories that passes RD physical inspection standards, and where the

 owner will accept a Rural Development Voucher and execute a Form HUD

 52641. Both the tenant and landlord must inform RD if the tenant plans

 to move during the HAP agreement term, even to a new unit in the same

 complex. All moves (within a complex or to another complex) require a

 new voucher obligation form, a new inspection by RD, and a new HAP

 agreement. In addition, HUD Section 8 and federally-assisted public

 housing are excluded from the RDVP because those units are already

 federally subsidized; tenants with a Rural Development Voucher would

 have to give up the Rural Development Voucher to accept those other

 types of assistance at those properties. However, while the Rural

 Development Voucher may be used in other properties financed by RD, it

 cannot be used in combination with the RD RA program. Tenants with a

 Rural Development Voucher that apply for housing in an RD-financed

 property must choose between using the voucher or RA, if available. If

 the tenant relinquishes the Rural Development Voucher in favor of RA,

 the tenant is not eligible to receive another Rural Development Voucher

 while the tenant is receiving such RA.

     g. Term of Funding and Conditions for Renewal for Rural Development

 Vouchers. The RDVP provides voucher assistance over 12 monthly

 payments. The voucher is issued to the household in the name of the

 primary tenant as the voucher holder. The voucher is not transferable

 from the voucher holder to any other household member, except in the

 case of the voucher holder's death or involuntary household separation,

 such as the incarceration of the voucher holder or transfer of the

 voucher holder to an assisted living or nursing home facility. Upon

 receiving documentation of such cases, the voucher may be transferred

 at the Agency's discretion to another tenant on the voucher holder's

 lease.

     The voucher is renewable subject to the availability of

 appropriations to the USDA. In order to renew a voucher, a tenant must

 return a signed Voucher Obligation Request Form, which will be sent to

 the tenant within 60-90 days before the current voucher expires. If the

 voucher holder fails to return the renewal Voucher Obligation Request

 Form before the current voucher funding expires, the voucher will be

 terminated and no renewal will occur.

     In order to ensure continued eligibility to use the Rural

 Development Voucher, tenants must certify at the time they apply for

 renewal of the voucher that the current tenant income does not exceed

 the ``maximum income level,'' which is 80 percent of family median

 income (a HUD dataset broken down by State, and then by county). RD

 will advise the tenant of the maximum income level when the renewal

 Voucher Obligation Request Form is sent.

     Renewal requests will enjoy no preference over other voucher

 requests, and will be processed as described in this Notice.



 III. Non-Discrimination Statement



     In accordance with Federal civil rights law and U.S. Department of

 Agriculture (USDA) civil rights regulations and policies, the USDA its

 Agencies, offices, and employees, and institutions participating in or

 administering USDA programs are prohibited from discrimination based on

 race, color, national origin, religion, sex, gender identity (including

 gender expression, sexual orientation, disability, age, marital status,

 family/parental status, income derived from a public assistance

 program, political beliefs, or reprisal or retaliation for prior civil

 rights activity, in any program or activity conducted or funded by USDA

 (not all bases apply to all programs). Remedies and complaint filing

 deadlines vary by program or incident.

     Persons with disabilities who require alternative means of

 communication for program information (e.g., Braille, large print,

 audiotape, American Sign Language, etc.) should contact the responsible

 Agency or USDA's TARGET Center at (202) 720-2600 (voice and TTY) or

 contact USDA through the Federal Relay Service at (800) 877-8339.

 Additionally, program information may be made available in languages

 other than English.

     To file a program discrimination complaint, complete the USDA

 Program Discrimination Complaint Form, AD-3027, found online at
http://www.ascr.usda.gov/complaint_filing_cust.html, and at any USDA office or

 write a letter addressed to USDA and provide in the letter all of the

 information requested in the form. To request a copy of the complaint

 form, call (866) 632-9992 to request the form. Submit your completed

 form or letter to USDA by:

     (1) Mail: U.S. Department of Agriculture, Office of the Assistant

 Secretary for Civil Rights, 1400 Independence Avenue SW., Washington,

 DC 20250-9410;

     (2) fax (202) 690-7442; or

     (3) email: program.intake@usda.gov

     USDA is an equal opportunity provider, employer, and lender.



 IV. Paperwork Reduction Act



     The information collection requirements contained in this document

 are those of the Housing Choice Voucher Program, which have been

 approved by the Office of Management and Budget (OMB) under the

 Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995 (44 U.S.C. 3501-3520) and assigned OMB

 control number 2577-0169.



      Dated: June 22, 2016.

 Tony Hernandez,

 Administrator, Rural Housing Service.

 [FR Doc. 2016-15393 Filed 6-28-16; 8:45 am]

  BILLING CODE 3410-XV-P



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: June 30, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             109 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                      Nelson Daily News (British Columbia)

                            October 16, 2009 Friday
                                 Final Edition

City council makes homelessness a priority

BYLINE: Margaret Stacey, Special to Nelson Daily News

SECTION: EDITORIAL; Around the Table; Pg. 6

LENGTH: 628  words


I've never been homeless. But I've spent three years on the Nelson Committee for
Homelessness, learning from agencies, housing planners, and shelter managers, as
well as from folks who have been on the move themselves.

I also learned a lot from my son who was a researcher for Roofs 4 Youth a few
years ago. I've asked a lot of people a lot of questions, and the problems and
answers are as individual as the people themselves.

So now I'm a city councillor, asked to write about what Nelson does for the
homeless.

Housing for everybody is one of the priorities for council this term. Housing
and social issues were included for the first time in the Official Community
Plan - a whole chapter on it - check it out on the city's website.

This past month, we have enacted permissive tax exemptions for portions of the
Salvation Army, Ward Street Place run by Nelson CARES, the church facility known
as Our Daily Bread, the Nelson & District Housing Society, the Women's Centre
and Kiwanis senior facilities. This will give some of these organizations a
little relief to carry on the good work they do in their shelter, advocacy, food
support, and their ministry to low-income seniors.

We also passed a bylaw Tuesday night that says single family residences have the
potential to develop secondary suites and duplexes on their properties; this
will open up new spaces to ease the rental crunch, as well as give mortgage
assistance to the owners. We estimate there is potential for over 400 new places
to rent if people follow up on this. Now it remains to review service fees for
these multi-family places, as the rates are pretty high.

Councillors Donna Macdonald and Deb Kozak are assigned housing portfolio areas,
one locally, and one regionally, to bring together all the players who may be in
the business of providing more rental accommodation and moving people through
the continuum of housing levels from apartments and rooms to trailers to single
family dwellings.

Councillors Bob Adams and Robin Cherbo are assigned to the Nelson Committee on
Homelessness and other social agencies, and keep us abreast of concerns.

City Staff facilitate the questions that come up with people who want to develop
rentals for facilities for potentially marginalized folks. Cicada Place is a
good example of a special housing facility for young people; it was vocally
championed by a couple of city councillors.

Everybody has certainly studied the problem of homelessness - we hired the vast
social housing experience of Derek Murphy to report on it through money acquired
through the city from the Union of British Columbia Municipalities.

Council is hoping to see a breakthrough in redeveloping the dorms at Selkirk
College, as the city owns the buildings and land, and it should be put to proper
use by housing students, relieving a lot of low-cost rental housing in the city.

So the bottom line, in my view, is that we have a caring City Hall, in fact, and
a caring community who has worked toward aid for our local homeless,
particularly the most needy, the ones who cannot work, those who are hard to
house, those who are really on the edge, and those who have small children who
are often the ultimate victims of this dilemma.

Local police, hospital and transition house are an important part of the support
too, as they deal with people when they fall over that edge.

My daughter, who lives not far from Hastings Street in Vancouver, says that the
Nelson community is a lot more inclusive and safe for people who are at serious
risk; we have no ghetto here.

My personal gratitude goes out to the agencies, churches and community
organizations who have directly worked for the accommodation and support of
un-housed and fragile people, one by one.

Margaret Stacey is a Nelson City Councillor

LOAD-DATE: October 16, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Business; Column

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2009 Nelson Daily News
                              All Rights Reserved


                             110 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            January 20, 2017 Friday

North Carolina: Final Public Notice of Proposed Activity in 100-year Floodplain

LENGTH: 703  words

DATELINE: New York



 Sampson : Sampson County of North Carolina has issued the following news
release:


 The Federal Emergency Management Agency (FEMA) hereby gives notice that it has
conducted an evaluation as required by Executive Order 11988 in accordance with
FEMA regulations at 44 CFR 9.7, 9.9 and 9.13 to determine the effect of placing
FEMA-provided manufactured housing units (MHUs) on commercial and private sites,
which may be located in or affect a floodplain if it is determined by FEMA that
there are no practicable alternatives to doing so.





 Under major disaster declaration FEMA-4285-DR-NC signed by the President on
October 10, 2016, as amended, FEMA is authorized to provide direct temporary
housing assistance under the Individual and Households Program (IHP) for the
Counties of Bladen, Harnett, Hoke, Johnston, Pitt and Sampson. FEMA intends to
provide direct temporary housing assistance to disaster survivors/applicants in
these six counties by placing FEMA-provided MHUs on commercial and private
sites.



 FEMA has evaluated the alternatives to placing FEMA-provided MHUs in the
floodplain and has determined that it has no practicable alternative to doing
so. FEMA has considered the following significant factors in making this
determination:


  The speedy provision of temporary housing (in other words, how quickly can a
MHU be provided and ready for occupancy?);

  The potential flood risk to the occupants of the temporary MHUs (in other
words, how severe is the threat of flooding during the projected occupancy
period);

  The cost effectiveness (in other words, are the life-cycle costs of the
alternatives more or less expensive than a MHU?);

  The social and neighborhood patterns (in other words, which solution presents
the least disruption to the community?);

  The timely availability of other housing resources (in other words, the speed
with which an alternative can be provided compared to the timeliness with which
a MHU can be provided?); and

  The potential harm to the floodplain (in other words, which alternatives have
the least impact on the floodplain?).

 FEMA has considered the following temporary housing alternatives:


  Providing transitional sheltering assistance in the form of direct payments to
hotels and motels;

  Providing financial assistance to displaced survivors for renting existing
temporary housing units;

  Providing housing to displaced survivors in the form of existing multi-family
rental or commercial properties outside of the floodplain; and

  Placing MHUs on commercial or private sites located outside of the floodplain.


 Any FEMA-provided MHU that will be placed in a floodplain will be anchored and
elevated to the level necessary to comply with all requirements established by
the jurisdiction. Placement of MHUs in a floodplain will comply with all
applicable floodplain management standards. In cases where the best information
available to FEMA indicates that more stringent elevation levels, those beyond
the locally mandated elevation requirements, are prudent, these elevation levels
will be used. FEMA's placement of the MHUs will be done in a manner intended to
minimize harm to or within the floodplain and the potential adverse impacts of
doing so.



 At the same time that the Revocable License for a MHU is signed and in no event
later than the time of occupancy, FEMA will provide health and safety,
evacuation, right-of-entry, and personal property information/advisories to any
individuals/households that will be housed in a MHU in a floodplain.



 The placement of MHUs in the floodplain will have no significant impact on the
floodplain for the following reasons:


  The placement of the MHUs is temporary and following the removal of the MHUs,
the sites will be restored to as near as practicable to the pre-placement
condition of such sites in order to preserve existing conditions;

  The placement of the MHUs will involve only minimal ground-disturbing
activities; and

  FEMA will implement and monitor the placement of the MHUs to ensure that there
is full compliance with all applicable Federal, State and local requirements.







 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: January 20, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2017 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             111 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            January 20, 2017 Friday

North Carolina: Final Public Notice of Proposed Activity in 100-year Floodplain

LENGTH: 703  words

DATELINE: New York



 Sampson : Sampson County of North Carolina has issued the following news
release:


 The Federal Emergency Management Agency (FEMA) hereby gives notice that it has
conducted an evaluation as required by Executive Order 11988 in accordance with
FEMA regulations at 44 CFR 9.7, 9.9 and 9.13 to determine the effect of placing
FEMA-provided manufactured housing units (MHUs) on commercial and private sites,
which may be located in or affect a floodplain if it is determined by FEMA that
there are no practicable alternatives to doing so.





 Under major disaster declaration FEMA-4285-DR-NC signed by the President on
October 10, 2016, as amended, FEMA is authorized to provide direct temporary
housing assistance under the Individual and Households Program (IHP) for the
Counties of Bladen, Harnett, Hoke, Johnston, Pitt and Sampson. FEMA intends to
provide direct temporary housing assistance to disaster survivors/applicants in
these six counties by placing FEMA-provided MHUs on commercial and private
sites.



 FEMA has evaluated the alternatives to placing FEMA-provided MHUs in the
floodplain and has determined that it has no practicable alternative to doing
so. FEMA has considered the following significant factors in making this
determination:


  The speedy provision of temporary housing (in other words, how quickly can a
MHU be provided and ready for occupancy?);

  The potential flood risk to the occupants of the temporary MHUs (in other
words, how severe is the threat of flooding during the projected occupancy
period);

  The cost effectiveness (in other words, are the life-cycle costs of the
alternatives more or less expensive than a MHU?);

  The social and neighborhood patterns (in other words, which solution presents
the least disruption to the community?);

  The timely availability of other housing resources (in other words, the speed
with which an alternative can be provided compared to the timeliness with which
a MHU can be provided?); and

  The potential harm to the floodplain (in other words, which alternatives have
the least impact on the floodplain?).

 FEMA has considered the following temporary housing alternatives:


  Providing transitional sheltering assistance in the form of direct payments to
hotels and motels;

  Providing financial assistance to displaced survivors for renting existing
temporary housing units;

  Providing housing to displaced survivors in the form of existing multi-family
rental or commercial properties outside of the floodplain; and

  Placing MHUs on commercial or private sites located outside of the floodplain.


 Any FEMA-provided MHU that will be placed in a floodplain will be anchored and
elevated to the level necessary to comply with all requirements established by
the jurisdiction. Placement of MHUs in a floodplain will comply with all
applicable floodplain management standards. In cases where the best information
available to FEMA indicates that more stringent elevation levels, those beyond
the locally mandated elevation requirements, are prudent, these elevation levels
will be used. FEMA's placement of the MHUs will be done in a manner intended to
minimize harm to or within the floodplain and the potential adverse impacts of
doing so.



 At the same time that the Revocable License for a MHU is signed and in no event
later than the time of occupancy, FEMA will provide health and safety,
evacuation, right-of-entry, and personal property information/advisories to any
individuals/households that will be housed in a MHU in a floodplain.



 The placement of MHUs in the floodplain will have no significant impact on the
floodplain for the following reasons:


  The placement of the MHUs is temporary and following the removal of the MHUs,
the sites will be restored to as near as practicable to the pre-placement
condition of such sites in order to preserve existing conditions;

  The placement of the MHUs will involve only minimal ground-disturbing
activities; and

  FEMA will implement and monitor the placement of the MHUs to ensure that there
is full compliance with all applicable Federal, State and local requirements.







 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: January 20, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2017 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             112 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             August 1, 2014 Friday

Rural Development Voucher Program

LENGTH: 3757  words

DATELINE: Washington, DC


Office of Federal Register, Government of US has issued the following news
release:


Action

Notice.
Summary

The United States Department of Agriculture (USDA) in Fiscal Year 2006
established the demonstration Rural Development Voucher Program, as authorized
under Section 542 of the Housing Act of 1949 as amended (42 U.S.C. 1490R)
(without regard to Section 542(b)). This Notice informs the public that funding
is available for the Rural Development Voucher Program and also sets forth the
general policies and procedures for use of these vouchers for Fiscal Year 2014.
Pursuant to the requirements in the Consolidated Appropriations Act, 2014,
Public Law 113-76, Rural Development Vouchers are only available to low-income
tenants of Rural Development-financed multifamily properties where Rural Rental
Housing loan (Section 515 loan) has been prepaid (either through prepayment or
foreclosure action), prior to the loan's maturity date and after September 30,
2005.

Table of Contents

DATES:
    FOR FURTHER INFORMATION CONTACT:
    SUPPLEMENTARY INFORMATION:
    I. Background
    II. Design Features of the Rural Development Voucher Program
    III. Non-Discrimination Statement
    IV. Paperwork Reduction Act

DATES:

In order to participate, the voucher obligation form must be submitted within 10
months of the foreclosure or pre-payment.
FOR FURTHER INFORMATION CONTACT:

Stephanie B.M. White, Director, Multi-Family Housing Portfolio Management
Division, Rural Development, U.S. Department of Agriculture, 1400 Independence
Avenue SW., STOP 0782, Washington, DC 20250-0782, telephone (202) 720-1615.
Persons with hearing or speech impairments may access this number via TDD by
calling the toll-free Federal Information Relay Service at 800-877-8339.
SUPPLEMENTARY INFORMATION:

I. Background

The Consolidated Appropriations Act, 2014, Public Law 113-76, provided that the
Secretary of the USDA shall carry out the Rural Development Voucher program as
follows:

That of the funds made available under this heading, $12,575,000 shall be
available for rural housing vouchers to any low-income household (including
those not receiving Rental Assistance) residing in a property financed with a
Section 515 loan which has been prepaid after September 30, 2005: Provided
further, that the amount of such voucher shall be the difference between
comparable market rent for the Section 515 unit and the tenant paid rent for
such unit: Provided further, that funds made available for such vouchers shall
be subject to the availability of annual appropriations: Provided further, that
the Secretary shall, to the maximum extent practicable, administer such vouchers
with current regulations and administrative guidance applicable to Section 8
housing vouchers administered by the Secretary of the Department of Housing and
Urban Development (HUD).

This Notice outlines the process for providing voucher assistance to the
eligible impacted families when an owner prepays a Section 515 loan or USDA
action results in a foreclosure after September 30, 2005.
II. Design Features of the Rural Development Voucher Program

This section sets forth the design features of the Rural Development Voucher
Program, including the eligibility of families, the inspection of the housing
units, and the calculation of the subsidy amount.

Rural Development Vouchers under this part are administered by the Rural Housing
Service, an Agency under the Rural Development mission area, in accordance with
requirements set forth in this Notice and further explained in, "The Rural
Development Voucher Program Guide," which can be obtained by contacting any
Rural Development office. Contact information for Rural Development offices can
be found at https://offices.sc.egov.usda.gov/locator/app. These requirements are
generally based on the housing choice voucher program regulations of HUD set
forth at 24 CFR part 982, unless otherwise noted by this Notice.

The Rural Development Voucher Program is intended to offer protection to
eligible multifamily housing tenants in properties financed through Rural
Development's Section 515 Rural Rental Housing Program (515 property) who may be
subject to economic hardship through prepayment of the Rural Development
mortgage. When the owner of a 515 property pays off the loan prior to the loan's
maturity date (either through prepayment or foreclosure action), the Rural
Development affordable housing requirements and rental assistance subsidies
generally cease to exist. Rents may increase, thereby making the housing
unaffordable to tenants. Regardless, the tenant may be responsible for the full
payment of rent when a prepayment occurs, whether or not the rent increases. The
Rural Development Voucher Program applies to any Section 515 property where the
mortgage is paid off prior to the maturity date in the promissory note, and that
payment occurs after September 30, 2005, this includes properties foreclosed on
by Rural Development. Tenants in properties foreclosed on by Rural Development
are eligible for a Rural Development Voucher under the same conditions as
properties that go through the standard prepayment process.

The Rural Development Voucher is intended to help tenants by providing an annual
rental subsidy, renewable on the terms and conditions set forth herein and
subject to the availability of funds, that will supplement the tenant's rent
payment. This program enables a tenant to make an informed decision about
remaining in the property, moving to a new property, or obtaining other
financial housing assistance. Low-income tenants in the prepaying property are
eligible to receive a voucher to use at their current rental property, or to
take to any other rental unit in the United States and its territories.

There are some general limitations on the use of a voucher:

The rental unit must pass a Rural Development health and safety inspection, and
the owner must be willing to accept a Rural Development Voucher.
    Also, Rural Development Vouchers cannot be used for units in subsidized
housing like Section 8 and public housing where two housing subsidies would
result. The Rural Development Voucher may be used for rental units in other
properties financed by Rural Development, but it will not be used in combination
with the Rural Development Rental Assistance program.
    The Rural Development Voucher may not be used to purchase a home.

a. Family Eligibility. In order to be eligible for the Rural Development Voucher
under this Notice, a family must:

1. Be residing in the Section 515 project on the date of the prepayment of the
Section 515 loan or upon foreclosure by Rural Development;

2. The date of the prepayment or foreclosure must be after September 30, 2005;

3. Based on Section 214 of the Housing and Community Development Act of 1980 (42
U.S.C. 1436a) and similar to Section 8 housing vouchers, financial assistance
under this voucher program can only be provided to a United States (U.S.)
citizen, U.S. non-citizen national, or a resident alien that meets certain
qualifications. Rural Development considers the tenant who applies for the
voucher under this Notice as the individual receiving the financial assistance
from the voucher. Accordingly, the individual tenant who applies for a voucher
under this program must submit the following documentation (42 U.S.C. 1436a
(d)):

i. For citizens, a written declaration of U.S. citizenship under the penalty of
perjury. Rural Development may request verification of the declaration by
requiring presentation of a U.S. passport, Social Security card, or other
appropriate documentation;

ii. For non-citizens who are 62 years of age or older, the evidence consists of:

A. A signed declaration of eligible immigration status; and

B. Proof of age document; and

iii. For all other noncitizens, the evidence consists of:

A. A signed declaration of eligible immigration status;

B. Alien registration documentation or other proof of immigration registration
from the United States Citizenship and Immigration Services (USCIS) that
contains the individual's alien admission number or alien file number; and

C. A signed verification consent form, which provides that evidence of eligible
immigration status may be released to Rural Development and USCIS for purposes
of verifying the immigration status of the individual. Rural Development shall
provide a reasonable opportunity, not to exceed 30 days, for an individual to
submit evidence indicating a satisfactory immigration status, or to appeal to
the Immigration and Naturalization Service the verification determination of the
Immigration and Naturalization Service; and

D. The family must be a low-income family on the date of the prepayment or
foreclosure. A low-income family is a family whose annual income does not exceed
80 percent of the family median income for the area as defined by HUD. HUD's
definition of median income can be found at:
http://www.huduser.org/portal/datasets/il/il14/index_mfi.html.

During the prepayment or foreclosure process, Rural Development will evaluate
every tenant family to determine if it is low-income. If Rural Development
determines a family is low-income, then immediately following the foreclosure or
prepayment, Rural Development will send the primary tenant a letter offering the
family a voucher and will enclose a Voucher Obligation Request Form and a
citizenship declaration form. If the family wants to participate in the Rural
Development Voucher Program, the tenant has 10 months from the date of
prepayment or foreclosure to return the Voucher Obligation Request Form and the
citizenship declaration to the local Rural Development office. If Rural
Development determines that the tenant is ineligible, Rural Development will
provide administrative appeal rights pursuant to 7 CFR part 11.

b. Obtaining a Voucher. Rural Development will monitor the prepayment request
process or foreclosure process, as applicable. As part of prepayment or
foreclosure, Rural Development will obtain a rent comparability study for the
property days prior to the date of prepayment or foreclosure. The rent
comparability study will be used to calculate the amount of voucher each tenant
is entitled to receive. All tenants will be notified if they are eligible and
the amount of the voucher within 90 days following the date of prepayment or
foreclosure. The tenant notice will include a description of the Rural
Development Voucher Program, a Voucher Obligation Request Form, and letter from
Rural Development offering the tenant participation in the Rural Development
Voucher Program. The tenant has 10 months from the date of prepayment or
foreclosure to return the Voucher Obligation Request Form and the signed
citizenship declaration. Failure to submit the Voucher Obligation Request Form
and the signed citizenship declaration within the required timeframes eliminates
the tenant's opportunity to receive a voucher. A tenant's failure to respond
within the required timeframes is not appealable. Once the primary tenant
returns the Voucher Obligation Request Form and the citizenship declaration to
Rural Development, a voucher will be issued within 30 days. All information
necessary for a housing search, explanations of unit acceptability, and Rural
Development contact information will be provided by Rural Development to the
tenant at the time the Voucher Obligation Form and citizenship declaration is
received. In cases when the foreclosure sale yields no successful bidders and
the property enters Rural Development inventory, vouchers will only be offered
upon taking the property into inventory. The voucher cannot be used at an
inventory property. The tenant in an inventory property has 10 months from the
date of the foreclosure to return the Voucher Obligation Request Form and the
signed citizenship declaration. Failure to submit the Voucher Obligation Request
Form and the signed citizenship declaration within the required timeframes
eliminates the tenant's opportunity to receive a voucher. A tenant's failure to
respond within the required timeframes is not appealable.

The family receiving a Rural Development Voucher has an initial period of 60
calendar days from issuance of the voucher to find a housing unit. At its
discretion, Rural Development may grant one or more extensions of the initial
period for up to an additional 60 days. Generally the maximum voucher period for
any family participating in the Rural Development Voucher Program is 120 days.
Only if the family needs and requests an extension of the initial period as a
reasonable accommodation to make the program accessible to a disabled family
member, Rural Development will extend the voucher search period beyond the 120
days. If the Rural Development Voucher remains unused after a period of 150 days
from original issuance, the Rural Development Voucher will become void, any
funding will be cancelled, and the tenant will no longer be eligible to receive
a Rural Development Voucher.

If a tenant previously participated in the Rural Development Voucher Program and
was subsequently terminated, that tenant is ineligible for future participation
in the Rural Development Voucher Program.

c. Initial Lease Term. The initial lease term for the housing unit where the
family wishes to use the Rural Development Voucher must be for one year.

d. Inspection of Units and Unit Approval. Once the family finds a housing unit,
Rural Development will inspect and determine if the housing standard is
acceptable within 30 days of Rural Development's receipt of the HUD Form 52517
"Request for Tenancy Approval Housing Choice Voucher Program" found at
http://www.hud.gov/offices/adm/hudclips/forms/files/52517.pdf and the Disclosure
of Information on Lead-Based Paint Hazards. The inspection standards currently
in effect for the Rural Development Section 515 Multi-Family Housing Program
apply to the Rural Development Voucher Program. Rural Development must inspect
the unit and ensure that the unit meets the housing inspection standards set
forth at 7 CFR 3560.103. Under no circumstances may Rural Development make
voucher rental payments for any period of time prior to the date that Rural
Development physically inspects the unit and determines the unit meets the
housing inspection standards. In the case of properties financed by Rural
Development under the Section 515 program, Rural Development may accept the
results of physical inspections performed no more than one year prior to the
date of receipt by Rural Development of Form HUD 52517, in order to make
determinations on acceptable housing standards. Before approving a family's
assisted tenancy or executing a Housing Assistance Payments contract, Rural
Development must determine that the following conditions are met:

1. The unit has been inspected by Rural Development and passes the housing
standards inspection or has otherwise been found acceptable as noted previously;
and

2. The lease includes the HUD Tenancy Addendum. A copy of the HUD Tenancy
Addendum will be provided by Rural Development when the tenant is informed
he/she is eligible for a voucher.

Once the conditions in the above paragraph are met, Rural Development will
approve the unit for leasing. Rural Development will then execute with the owner
a Housing Assistance Payments (HAP) contract, Form HUD-52641. The HAP contract
must be executed before Rural Development Voucher payments can be made. Rural
Development will use its best efforts to execute the HAP contract on behalf of
the family before the beginning of the lease term. In the event that this does
not occur, the HAP contract may be executed up to 60 calendar days after the
beginning of the lease term. If the HAP contract is executed during this 60-day
period, Rural Development will pay retroactive housing assistance payments to
cover the portion of the approved lease term before execution of the HAP
contract. Any HAP contract executed after the 60-day period will be considered
untimely, and Rural Development will not pay any housing assistance payment to
the owner for that period. In establishing the effective date of the voucher HAP
contracts, Rural Development may not execute a HAP contract that is effective
prior to the Section 515 loan prepayment.

e. Subsidy Calculations for Rural Development Vouchers. As stated earlier, if
eligible, the tenant will be notified of the maximum voucher amount within 90
days following prepayment or foreclosure. The maximum voucher amount for the
Rural Development Voucher Program is the difference between the comparable
market rent for the family's former Section 515 unit and the tenant's rent
contribution on the date of the prepayment. The voucher amount will be based on
the comparable market rent; the voucher amount will never exceed the comparable
market rent at the time of prepayment for the tenant's unit if the tenant
chooses to stay in-place. Also, in no event may the Rural Development Voucher
payment exceed the actual tenant lease rent. The amount of the voucher does not
change either over time or if the tenant chooses to move to a more expensive
location.

f. Mobility and Portability of Rural Development Vouchers. An eligible family
that is issued a Rural Development Voucher may elect to use the assistance in
the same project or may choose to move to another location. The Rural
Development Voucher may be used at the prepaid property or any other rental unit
in the United States and its territories that passes Rural Development physical
inspection standards, and where the owner will accept a Rural Development
Voucher and execute a Form HUD 52641. Tenants and landlords must inform Rural
Development if the tenant plans to move during the HAP agreement term, even to a
new unit in the same complex. All moves (within a complex or to another complex)
require a new obligation, a new inspection and a new HAP agreement. In addition,
HUD Section 8 and Federally assisted public housing is excluded from the Rural
Development Voucher Program because these units are already Federally subsidized
tenants with a Rural Development Voucher would have to give up the Rural
Development Voucher to accept the assistance at those properties. The Rural
Development Voucher may be used in other properties financed by Rural
Development, but it cannot be used in combination with the Rural Development
Rental Assistance program. Tenants with a Rural Development Voucher that apply
for housing in a Rural Development-financed property must choose between using
the voucher or Rental Assistance. If the tenant relinquishes the Rural
Development Voucher in favor of Rental Assistance, the tenant is not eligible to
receive another Rural Development Voucher.

g. Term of Funding and Conditions for Renewal for Rural Development Vouchers.
The Rural Development Voucher Program provides voucher assistance for 12 monthly
payments. The voucher is issued to the household in the name of the primary
tenant, as the voucher holder. The voucher is not transferable from the voucher
holder to any other household member except in the case of the voucher holder's
death or involuntary household separation, such as the incarceration of the
voucher holder or transfer of the voucher holder to an assisted living or
nursing home facility. Upon receiving documentation of such cases, the voucher
may be transferred at the Agency's discretion to another tenant on the voucher
holder's lease.

The voucher is renewable subject to the availability of appropriations to the
USDA. In order to renew a voucher, a tenant must return a signed Voucher
Obligation Form which will be sent to the tenant within 60-90 days before the
current voucher expires. If the voucher holder fails to return the renewal
Voucher Obligation Form before the current voucher funding expires, the voucher
will be terminated.

In order to ensure continued eligibility to use the Rural Development Voucher,
at the time they apply for renewal of the voucher, tenants must certify that the
current family income does not exceed 80 percent of family median income. Rural
Development will advise the tenant of the maximum income level when the renewal
Voucher Obligation Form is sent.

Renewal requests will enjoy no preference and will be processed as described in
this Notice.
III. Non-Discrimination Statement

The U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA) prohibits discrimination in all its
programs and activities on the basis of race, color, national origin, age,
disability, and where applicable, sex, marital status, familial status, parental
status, religion, sexual orientation, genetic information, political beliefs,
reprisal, or because of all or part of an individual's income is derived from
any public assistance program. (Not all prohibited bases apply to all programs.)
Persons with disabilities who require alternative means for communication of
program information (Braille, large print, audiotape, etc.) should contact
USDA's TARGET Center at (202) 720-2600 (voice and TDD).

If you wish to file a Civil Rights program complaint of discrimination, complete
the USDA Program Discrimination Complaint Form, found online at
http://www.ascr.usda.gov/complaint_filing_cust.html, or at any USDA office, or
call (866) 632-9992 to request the form. Send your completed complaint form or
letter to us by mail at U.S. Department of Agriculture, Director, Office of
Adjudication, 1400 Independence Avenue SW., Washington, DC 20250-9410, by fax
(202) 690-7442 or email at program.intake@usda.gov Individuals who are deaf,
hard of hearing or have speech disabilities and wish to file a program complaint
please contact USDA through the Federal Relay Service at (800) 877-8339 or (800)
845-6136 (in Spanish.) USDA is an equal opportunity provider and employer. The
full "Non-Discrimination Statement" is found at:
http://www.usda.gov.wps/portal/usda/usdahome?navtype=Non_Discrimination.
IV. Paperwork Reduction Act

The information collection requirements contained in this document are those of
the Housing Choice Voucher Program, which have been approved by the Office of
Management and Budget (OMB) under the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995 (44 U.S.C.
3501-3520) and assigned OMB control number 2577-0169. In accordance with the
Paperwork Reduction Act, HUD may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not
required to respond to, a collection of information unless the collection
displays a currently valid OMB control number.

Dated: July 8, 2014.

Tony Hernandez,

Administrator, Housing and Community Facilities Programs.

For further information please visit: https://www.federalregister.gov/

LOAD-DATE: August 1, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             113 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             July 2, 2016 Saturday

NYS Homes and Community Renewal Releases RFP With Additional State Financing for
Construction of 1,200 Supportive Housing Units

LENGTH: 955  words

DATELINE: New York



 Albany: New York State Department of Public Service has issued the following
document (news):



  Funding Will Fulfill Year One Commitment of Five-Year, 6,000 Unit Supportive
Housing Opportunity Plan



 $2 Billion Approved in FY 2017 Budget for Governor Cuomo's Affordable Housing
and Homelessness Action Plans



 New York State Homes and Community Renewal today announced that additional
state financing to build 1,200 supportive housing units has been made available
through a competitive Request for Proposals (RFP), as part of the Supportive
Housing Opportunity Plan (SHOP). The new state financing, in addition to
previously allocated funding from the budget, will ensure timely completion of
the first 1,200 units of the state's plan to combat homelessness by providing
6,000 new supportive housing units with services over the next five years. The
FY 2017 Budget invests nearly $2 billion for comprehensive statewide housing and
homelessness action plans.





 The capital funding complements the recently released Request for Proposals to
finance the operation of and services provided by the 1,200 new supportive
housing units. Together, the capital, services and operating funds put the state
on track to complete the construction of 6,000 units of supportive housing over
the next five years, 20,000 units of supportive housing over the next fifteen
years, and the creation or preservation of 100,000 units of affordable housing
over the next five years as part of an unprecedented $20 billion housing and
homeless initiative.



 "Governor Cuomo promised strong, meaningful action to create new comprehensive,
collaborative and innovative ways to address our affordable housing crisis and
prevent homelessness across the state," said NYS Homes and Community Renewal
Commissioner James S. Rubin. "HCR has worked hard to create these programs and
this plan to meet the Governor's ambitious goals for affordable housing creation
and preservation. Now the talk stops and the work begins: the programs are
there, the money is there and over the next five years, starting right now, with
this historic commitment, we will put the state's affordable housing efforts
into high gear."



 The RFP released today also includes funding for nine other HCR construction
and preservation programs. Applications for funding for existing and new
programs may be submitted any time before March 1, 2017, or until all
allocations of resources are committed. Applications will be reviewed as
received and funding determinations will be made throughout the year.



 Programs included in the comprehensive HCR RFP are:



 SUPPORTIVE HOUSING OPPORTUNITY PROGRAM (SHOP): SHOP provides financing
assistance for site acquisition, hard costs and related soft costs associated
with the new construction of or the adaptive reuse of a non-residential property
to affordable supportive housing with on-site social services.



 NEW CONSTRUCTION CAPITAL PROGRAM (NCP): NCP provides financing to stimulate the
new construction of rental housing affordable to households that earn up to 60%
of Area Median Income.



 PUBLIC HOUSING PRESERVATION PROGRAM (PHP): PHP is a partnership among HCR, HUD,
Federal Public Housing Authorities (PHAs) outside New York City, and private for
profit and non-profit developers to address physical needs and assist PHAs to
plan for the long term sustainability. This is the first public housing
preservation capital program to work with HUD's Rental Assistance Program (RAD1)
for public housing properties.



 MULTIFAMILY PRESERVATION PROGRAM (MPP): MPP provides financing assistance for
site acquisition, hard and soft costs associated with the preservation and
improvement of rental properties located throughout New York State.



 HOMES FOR WORKING FAMILIES (HWF): HWF provides financing to stimulate the new
construction and preservation of rental housing affordable to households that
earn up to 60% of Area Median Income.



 MIDDLE INCOME HOUSING PROGRAM (MIHP): MIHP will increase the total number of
mixed and middle income units throughout the State by providing gap funding to
developments that include units that will be occupied by households earning up
to 130% of Area Median Income.



 RURAL AND URBAN COMMUNITY INVESTMENT FUND (CIF): CIF supports retail,
commercial or community facility components of mixed-use affordable housing
developments in urban and rural communities statewide, as well as supporting
preservation of existing affordable multi-family rental housing in rural areas
of the State.



 HOUSE NY MITCHELL-LAMA PROGRAM (HML): HML continues the effort under Governor
Cuomo's original $1 billion House NY plan to preserve as affordable the
44-property portfolio of Mitchell-Lama project loans acquired by HCR's Housing
Finance Agency in 2013.



 MITCHELL-LAMA LOAN PROGRAM (MLLP): MLLP builds upon the original House NY Plan
and bolsters HCR's existing efforts to preserve the State's existing 74,000
units of Mitchell-Lama housing. MLLP will provide owners with financing
incentives for capital repairs in order to preserve and extend the affordability
for such properties. Properties with significant physical and/or financial needs
in "high-need" or rapidly gentrifying areas will be prioritized.



 STATE LOW INCOME HOUSING CREDIT PROGRAM (SLIHC): Producing and preserving
workforce housing for New York State is central to supporting cities and towns
across the State. SLIHC will increase the total number of mixed and
middle-income units throughout the State. Resources will go to projects in areas
that provide housing opportunity and revitalization, including an emphasis on
historic preservation.







 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com



LOAD-DATE: July 3, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             114 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                    October 26, 1991, Saturday, City Edition

Group helps to provide families with affordable housing

BYLINE: Steve Seibert

SECTION: CLEARWATER TIMES; GUEST COLUMN; Pg. 2

LENGTH: 621 words



What is this affordable housing crisis? What does it mean? Is it really a
crisis?

    The bottom line is that normal folks can't afford to buy or maintain rent on
a home. Young people, old people, temporarily out-of-work people, divorced
people with children. The disturbing facts are as follows:

    1. The average cost of a home in Pinellas County is more than $ 86,000.
Average rent is nearly $ 500 a month. A working single parent, earning minimum
wage, brings home only $ 680 a month.  Housing is simply not affordable to an
increasing number of Pinellas residents.

    2. On any night in Pinellas County there are between 700 and 1,500 homeless
families, including those in emergency shelters, those living on the streets or
in vehicles and those doubled up with friends and family.

    3. Thirty-one percent of the homeless are employed

    4. Virtually no new multifamily rental units are being constructed in
Pinellas County, because of construction and permit costs and the high cost of
land.

    Why is this issue so important? The affordable home is a standard for a
healthy American community. People who care about their homes tend to care about
their neighbors and neighborhood.

    When families cannot afford homes, children cannot attend the same school
year-round and families cannot form friendships and become involved in community
activities. Parents find it difficult to meet new security and utility deposits
each time they move.

    The transient family, the homeless family and the unstable family need safe,
affordable shelter. When families cannot afford homes, the community loses
because each community must be able to house citizens from every economic
strata.

    So what can be done about the problem? There are dozens of organizations
dedicated to helping meet the housing needs of the low- and moderate-income
citizen.

    One group, the Community Service Foundation (CSF), celebrates its 50th
anniversary this year. Founded in 1941 as an independent non-profit organization
by the Willis T. Spivey family, CSF aids thousands of families each year.

    CSF has located, rehabilitated and is currently renting affordable homes and
multi-family units to low- and moderate-income families, single working parents
and elderly citizens. CSF provides assistance with rental and utility payments
for those in need and has cooperated with other area agencies in finding food,
medical care and other help.

    In addition, with assistance from local banks and other community agencies,
CSF has established the Neighbors program, which provides training for families
in budgeting, improving and maintaining their homes, seeking a mortgage and
understanding their rights as tenants.

    Sixty-five "students" working with a volunteer "mentor" recently have
completed the six-class program.

    By owning, operating and leasing housing to qualified tenants and by
training people to become self-sufficient, CSF is trying to break the welfare
cycle and is accomplishing that task in an efficient and quiet manner.

    So as we sit in our cozy homes and complain only of the dry spots in the
lawn or the neighbor's dog, please consider those who, because of lack of
training or education or simple bad luck, cannot find adequate housing or need a
temporary home in order to get back on their feet.

    Take time to support the work of an organization like CSF and maybe even
join in its birthday celebration Friday night. (For

L information regarding the birthday party, call 461-0618.)

  Steve Seibert is a Clearwater lawyer and a member of the CSF board of
trustees.

LOAD-DATE: November 12, 1992

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: CLEARWATER TIMES; NORTH PINELLAS TIMES; LARGO-SEMINOLE TIMES;
CITRUS TIMES

                            Times Publishing Company


                             115 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                              The Morgan Messenger

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                 August 5, 2009

Funding should help affordable housing

BYLINE: The Morgan Messenger staff

LENGTH: 335  words


West Virginia will receive more than $16.5 million in. funding through the
American Recovery & Reinvestment Act of 2009 (ARRA) stimulus package to jump
start affordable housing construction projects within the state, report U.S.
Senators Robert Byrd and Jay Rockefeller.

The money comes as a portion of the $2r25 billion in ARRA funds approved by the
U.S. Department of Housing & Urban Development (HUD), allowing state finance
agencies to resume affordable rental housing projects in all 50 states.

"This money will re-energize the construction industry and provide for the
production of thousands of housing units stalled by the current recession," Byrd
said. "Not only will the funding allow those who are less fortunate to afford a
roof over their heads, but it will create jobs across West Virginia --
especially in the construction industry, which has been hit hard in these tough
economic times."

"These critical funds mean more homes for more West Virginia families in need,"
Rockefeller said. "This will help spur housing construction, create jobs, and
help strengthen our local communities and that's a very good thing."

The senators explained that residential home construction has struggled to meet
the challenges imposed by the recession. Tax credits usually provide an
incentive for investors to provide developers with the necessary money to build
multi-family rental housing for low-income families.

But with the contraction of the credit market, traditional investors have been
reluctant to invest, and the value of tax credits has plummeted, causing the
construction of up to 1,000 projects (containing almost 150,000 units of
housing) to be stalled across the country.

The ARRA supplied this money to the new Tax Credit Assistance Program in order
to provide capital investments for stalled low income housing developments. HUD
awarded the grants by formula to state housing agencies to complete the
construction of housing projects that will provide housing to about 35,000
households nationwide.

LOAD-DATE: November 15, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Accomplishment

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: MGM

                      Copyright 2009 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                                 Copyright 2009


                             116 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Mail Tribune (Medford, Oregon)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                            April 11, 2015 Saturday

Council approves short-term rentals in multi-family zones

BYLINE: Thomas Moriarty, Mail Tribune, Medford, Ore.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 359 words


April 11--The Ashland City Council Tuesday approved the creation of short-term
rentals in the city's multiple-family residential zones.

The ordinance, which amend's the city's land-use code, allows short-term rentals
in the R-2 and R-3 zones but expressly prohibits them in the R-1 and R-1-3.5
single-family zones, which make up a significant portion of the city's overall
land base. "I think we've about done this up and down with our last meeting and
I'm prepared to move this forward," said Councilor Pam Marsh.

Officials say the issue of so-called "accessory travelers' accommodations" first
came before the council several years ago, when the city was was considering
whether to allow expansion of whole-house rentals, which have been popularized
by websites like Airbnb.com. While the council ultimately decided not to expand
opportunities for whole-house rentals -- which are allowed via conditional-use
permits under certain circumstances -- it did decide it needed to address the
issue of renting individual rooms in an occupied home.

The ordinance requires the homeowner to be present at the residence for the
duration of the rental and limits the number of accommodations in one residence
to a single unit of two or fewer bedrooms. Property owners are also required to
provide two off-street parking spaces, and are not allowed to display
business-related signs on their property.

The lone dissenter in the 5-1 vote was councilor Rich Rosenthal. Rosenthal,
who'd voted against the first reading of the ordinance, said he was still
worried that the attached travelers accommodations would drive up the cost of
housing in the city. "A recent community survey said it was very difficult for
people to find affordable housing," he said. "While this would help existing
homeowners afford to stay in the homes they already own, I wouldn't see this as
a benefit to long-term housing stock."

Reach reporter Thomas Moriarty at 541-776-4471, or by email at
tmoriarty@mailtribune.com Follow him at @ThomasDMoriarty.

___ (c)2015 the Mail Tribune (Medford, Ore.) Visit the Mail Tribune (Medford,
Ore.) at www.mailtribune.com Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC

LOAD-DATE: April 11, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20150411-ME-Council-approves-short-term-rentals-in-multi-family
-zones-0411-20150411

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: ME


                          Copyright 2015 Mail Tribune


                             117 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              Indian Banking News

                       June 12, 2014 Thursday 6:30 AM EST

Pennsylvania Office of the Governor: Governor Corbett Announces Funding, Tax
Credits to Create Affordable Housing for Pennsylvania Families

LENGTH: 675  words


June 12 -- Governor Tom Corbett today announced the award of $20.4 million in
federal tax credits and $8.5 million in federal PennHOMES funding for the
construction of 24 affordable, multi-family housing developments in suburban and
rural areas of Pennsylvania.



The tax credits are administered by the Pennsylvania Housing Finance Agency
(PHFA) and were approved by its board.

"Affordable, quality housing should not be a dream for Pennsylvania families, it
must be a reality. Through this combination of tax credits and PennHOMES
funding, we are creating a stronger Pennsylvania," Governor Corbett said. "This
investment in Pennsylvania families will not only build and refurbish affordable
housing, but it will also help to create good-paying jobs."

The tax credits will be used to attract more than $185 million of private
investments for building and rehabilitating multi-family housing that will offer
affordable rental fees. Through this effort, 1,248 rental housing units for
low-to moderate-income families will be created.

It is anticipated that the tax credits awarded today will create 1,002
construction jobs and support 745 non-construction jobs.

"These low-income housing tax credits are the best investment tool available to
us to support the construction of affordable rental housing across
Pennsylvania," said PHFA Executive Director and CEO Brian A. Hudson, Sr.

One project receiving tax credits today, Heidelberg Apartments, was selected by
a group of affordable housing professionals for special recognition as a winner
of an "Innovation in Design" award. This award recognizes one multi-family
development proposal during each funding cycle that demonstrates creative
thinking and a unique approach to providing affordable housing solutions.

Heidelberg Apartments, located in Heidelberg, Allegheny County, is being
developed by ACTION Housing, Inc. and the Autism Housing Development Corporation
of Pittsburgh as a unique rental community of 42 units.  Half the units in the
development will be reserved for people with autism. This proposal was selected
because of the opportunities that will be provided to the residents in the form
of transportation, employment and social services. Specific design features will
be incorporated to address the needs of residents with autism.

The 24 multi-family housing proposals that received tax credits or PennHOMES
funding today are:

* Burkett Place, North Strabane Township, Washington County

* Park Place, Bally, Berks County

* Highland Hill, Somerset, Somerset County

* Brunswick Apartments, Lancaster, Lancaster County

* Westminster Place at Queen Street, York, York County

* Whitehall Acres, Oxford, Chester County

* Oak Hill Apartments, Franklin, Venango County

* JT College View Towers, Grove City, Mercer County

* Butler County Senior Housing for Veterans, Butler, Butler County

* Heidelberg Apartments, Heidelberg, Allegheny County

* Bellefonte Mews, Bellefonte, Centre County

* Reliance Crossing, Souderton, Montgomery County

* Wyalusing Meadows, Wyalusing, Bradford County

* Thompson Greene, Butler, Butler County

* Kinder Park II, Woodlyn, Delaware County

* The Old School on Luzerne, West Pittston, Luzerne County

* Gateway Senior Housing, Waynesburg, Greene County

* Governor's Gate Apartments, Bellefonte, Centre County

* Independence Square, Orwigsburg, Schuylkill County

* Falconhurst Neighborhood Restoration, Wilkinsburg, Allegheny County

* Bloom Mills, Bloomsburg, Columbia County

* Masontown Family Housing, Masontown, Fayette County

* Westfall Senior Apartments, Westfall, Pike County

* Serenity Ridge, Plum, Allegheny County

The Pennsylvania Housing Finance Agency works to provide affordable
homeownership and rental housing options for older adults, low- and
moderate-income families, and people with special housing needs. Through its
carefully managed mortgage programs and investments in multifamily housing
developments, PHFA also promotes economic development across the state.

PHFA administers federal HOME funds on behalf of the Pennsylvania Department of
Community and Economic Development.

LOAD-DATE: June 18, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


                           Copyright 2014 Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                             118 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Hesperia Star (California)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                              June 22, 2009 Monday

160 new apartments expected in Hesperia by end of 2009

BYLINE: Beau Yarbrough, Hesperia Star, Calif.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 479 words


Jun. 22--While new single family housing construction has slowed to a trickle,
with only a dozen new permits requested in 2009, Hesperia is experiencing an
apartment-building boom, with 64 individual apartments built so far, and 89 more
expected to be completed by year's end.

The reason for the boom is simple, says the city's principal planner.

"Primarily, they have funding for them," Dave Reno said Thursday. "Those are
projects that have been in the works for a while, and their time has come."

Ground zero for the multi-family housing boom is C Avenue.

"The land along C Avenue, example, has been zoned for multi-family for many
years. In fact, before cityhood" in 1988, Reno said. "Our density plans already
have that [multi-family housing] in place."

With a backlog of newly built houses sitting unsold in the High Desert and
around the country, getting financing to build yet more single family homes is
difficult. But developers can get government financing intended to make more
affordable housing available when they build multifamily housing.

"Billionaires can't get loans for tract homes, but this money is available and
it's in use," Reno said.

What's considered affordable housing is based on calculations done by the county
and state.

In San Bernardino County, the median income for a family of four is $57,500. The
state says that 30 percent of that family's monthly income is what they ought to
be paying in rent, or $1,437 a month. (According to the 2000 US Census, the
median income in Hesperia for a family of four is lower: $43,004.)

In order to get redevelopment funds Hesperia uses to pave roads and help
businesses in the city, it has to hit certain targets for affordable housing,
including having units available for very low income, low income and moderate
income renters.

Very low income units cost a maximum of 60 percent of the standard rental rate
to renters, or $862 a month for a family of four, with the rest subsidized by
tax dollars.

Low income renters will pay $1,150, or 80 percent of the standard rental rate,
and moderate income renters can pay up to 120 percent of the expected rental
rate, or $1,725 for a family of four.

"We're required that 20 percent of our redevelopment money is set aside for
[subsidizing] affordable housing," said Reno. "A lot of the reason multi-family
is going up, when nothing else is, is because they're getting some sort of
financing."

Beau Yarbrough can be reached at 956-7108 or at beau@hesperiastar.com

To see more of the Hesperia Star or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.hesperiastar.com/. Copyright (c) 2009, Hesperia Star, Calif.
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: June 23, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20090622-HS-160-new-apartments-expected-in-Hesperia-by-end-of-2009-0622

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: HS


                          Copyright 2009 Hesperia Star


                             119 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                      Post-Bulletin (Rochester, Minnesota)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                             August 9, 2016 Tuesday

Austin hopes housing initiative jump starts development

BYLINE: Hannah Yang, Post-Bulletin, Rochester, Minn.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 480 words


Aug. 09--AUSTIN -- Finding the perfect place to call home isn't an easy task.
The city of Austin wants to make that search easier.

The Austin City Council this week voted 6-0 to approve the Austin Home
Initiative with the intention of addressing the city's housing shortage and jump
start home development.

The initiative would provide incentives for the construction of owner-occupied
and rental residential housing units within the city of Austin between Aug. 1,
2016, and Dec. 31, 2019. Essentially, the incentive is a five-year property tax
abatement.

"This in turn frees up more affordable units for others and overall increases
the supply," said Craig Clark, city administrator. "These improvements provide
an increase to the tax base, allow employers to add new employees and choose
Austin as their home."

In the last year, Austin saw only six new single-family homes. A housing study
conducted in 2013 indicated that the need is there for more than 440 living
units by 2020. This includes all types of housing from multi-family rental,
senior housing, market rate, affordable and workforce rentals.

From that same study, there was an overall vacancy rate of 3.4 percent for
rental -- 5 percent is considered healthy -- and the current median gross rent
was $649 for renter-occupied housing units, with a stronger demand for
multi-family units.

The study also showed that the average weekly wage was $824, which is 13.2
percent lower than the state average. It's also projected that by 2020, Hormel
Foods hopes to add 1,370 additional jobs.

"We're not going to sit back and accept the status quo," Clark said. "As a
result, we have developed a program to provide tax abatement for a five-year
period to incentivize new housing starts."

For eligible participants, anyone who constructs a single family home, duplex,
or multi-family complex between the specified time frame will be eligible to
receive a 100 percent tax abatement of the city's share of real estate taxes for
a period of five years.

Requirements include having the property located within the corporate limits of
Austin and zoned for the proposed development, the applicant hasn't received
other local financial assistance, and the local governing entity will set the
construction start date no later than six months from date of final development
approval.

Other entities that joined in the AHI include Mower County and the Austin Public
Schools. Clark said that all three major taxing jurisdictions bring "significant
horsepower" to increase housing development. Those interested can contact the
local Housing and Redevelopment Authority to move their new home project ahead.

"We have already been contacted by an interested party to build a new single
family home because of the incentive," he added.

___ (c)2016 the Post-Bulletin Visit the Post-Bulletin at www.postbulletin.com
Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: August 9, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20160809-RC-Austin-hopes-housing
-initiative-jump-starts-development-0809-20160809

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: RC


                          Copyright 2016 Post-Bulletin


                             120 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Sun

                             May 29, 2003 Thursday

The Housing Boom in Waiting

BYLINE: By STEVEN SPINOLA

SECTION: EDITORIAL & OPINION; Pg. 6

LENGTH: 862 words


Governor Pataki appears prepared to extend New York City's rent-stabilization
law. However, we at the Real Estate Board of New York would urge the governor
and the Legislature to consider amendments to the law that would accelerate the
removal of units from the system and bring more money into the city's and
state's coffers. Increasing the number of de-stabilized units would increase tax
revenues, through the property tax and other taxes, and the additional cash
could help avert anticipated cuts in service and even provide more funds for
affordable housing.

New York City's rent-stabilization law reduces local tax revenue and is a
contributing factor to the fiscal crises that have beset the city and state.
Limits on rental income lower the property taxes paid on regulated units and
contribute to lower taxes for co-op and condo units. Furthermore, the
stabilization of more than 1 million apartments discourages capital investment
in these units.

The 2002 Housing and Vacancy Survey, published by the U.S. Census Bureau,
reports that the median monthly rent for an unregulated unit in New York City is
$850; for a regulated unit the rent is $703. This difference in rent lowers the
taxes paid by regulated buildings, since the value of residential rental
property is based primarily on a building's income. Assuming the 1,065,138
stabilized units in the city were deregulated and their rents increased to the
unregulated median monthly rent, we estimate that the real-property taxes for
these properties would increase by $830 million. If we had implemented luxury
and vacancy decontrol a few decades ago, a large portion of this lost tax
revenue would be available today for services and the avoidance of record tax
increases.

The cap on rents in stabilized buildings also lowers taxes from co-op and condo
units that are in the same multi-family residential property class. Last year,
co-ops and condos were assessed at $13.4 billion. However, this value was not
based on their sale price. New York City's real property tax system requires
co-ops and condos to be assessed as comparable to rent-stabilized properties.

Here's one example of how radically rental regulations impede the growth in
value and taxes in co-op and condo apartments: In a 17-unit co-op building in
Brooklyn, the city determined the market value of a one-bedroom unit at $48,621.
In 2002, this unit sold for $300,000. This dramatic difference in value is not
entirely attributable to the impact of rent regulations. However, as the 2002
Housing and Vacancy Survey demonstrates, rent regulations hold down rent, and,
as our analysis indicates, reduce real estate taxes paid by these properties.

Our findings are consistent with a 1988 Peat Marwick study that concluded rent
regulations distort assessments and cost the city an estimated $370 million
annually in property taxes. Adjusted for today's dollars, this total would be
$770 million a year in taxes lost to assessments distorted by rental regulation.

Our members have indicated that they have made capital investments ranging from
$15,000 to $50,000 for each apartment that has left the rent stabilization
system in recent years. More than 786,000 of the city's rent-stabilized units,
almost 75% of the total stock of stabilized units, were built before 1947,
according to the 2002 New York City Housing and Vacancy Survey. The rent from
this aging housing stock will only cover operating expenses and necessary
repairs. As a result, these units will not see the upgrades that, based on their
age, would be forthcoming in an unregulated market. This lack of capital
investment diminishes the quality of the housing stock. More urgently during a
fiscal crisis, it deprives the city and state of tax revenue that this economic
activity would generate. Based on the average investment per unit of $25,000,
the upgrading of the pre-1947 stabilized stock would generate $2.02 billion in
city and state taxes, not counting real-estate taxes, according to an analysis
provided by AKRF, Inc.

Rent stabilization lowers property values directly on rental properties and
indirectly on co-op and condos. And by discouraging unit upgrades, the city and
state are failing to generate other taxes that this economic activity would
produce. In these difficult fiscal times, this additional revenue could be used
to save firehouses, retain the current police staffing, and provide housing for
families whose income merit government assistance. Deregulating the housing
market would also create more private-sector jobs. The current rent-regulation
system subsidizes high-income tenants lucky enough to be living in a
rent-regulated unit. There is no real means test for such apartments and no
application and review process. Owners and taxpayers are subsidizing tenants
throughout the city who are not even asked their income.

To generate badly needed revenue for our city and state, to encourage housing
investment, and to end the unfair subsidy of thousands of individuals who do not
warrant such assistance, New York needs an effective and orderly transition to a
less regulated housing market.

Mr. Spinola is president of the Real Estate Board of New York.

LOAD-DATE: April 21, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2003 The New York Sun, Two SL, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                             121 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               India Pharma News

                      April 17, 2013 Wednesday 6:30 AM EST

Centers for Disease Control and Prevention: Smoke-Free Subsidized Housing Would
Save $521 Million a Year

LENGTH: 694  words


New Delhi, April 17 -- The estimated annual cost savings from eliminating
smoking in all U.S. subsidized housing would be $521 million, according to a new
study from the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention. This is the first
study to estimate the costs that could be saved by prohibiting smoking in
subsidized housing, including public housing and other rental assistance
programs. The bulk of those annual savings - $341 million - would come from
reduced health care expenditures related to secondhand smoke. The study also
estimates savings of $108 million in annual renovation expenses and $72 million
in annual smoking-related fire loses.



"Many of the more than 7 million Americans living in subsidized housing in the
United States are children, the elderly or disabled," said Tim McAfee, M.D.,
M.P.H., director of the Office on Smoking and Health at CDC. "These are people
who are most sensitive to being exposed to secondhand smoke. This report shows
that there are substantial financial benefits to implementing smoke-free
policies, in addition to the health benefits those policies bring."

The study also estimated the cost savings associated with prohibiting smoking in
all U.S. public housing, which is a portion of subsidized housing managed by
public housing authorities. The total annual savings for public housing would be
about $154 million a year, including $101 million from health care costs related
to secondhand smoke exposure, $32 million from renovation expenses, and $21
million from smoking-attributable fire losses.

Studies have shown that people who live in multiunit housing can be particularly
affected by unwanted secondhand smoke exposure. Other studies have shown that
most people who live in subsidized housing favor smoke-free policies.

"Secondhand smoke enters nearby apartments from common areas and apartments
where smoking is occurring," said Brian King Ph.D., an epidemiologist with CDC's
Office on Smoking and Health and lead author of the report. "Opening windows and
installing ventilation systems will not fully eliminate exposure to secondhand
smoke. Implementing smoke-free policies in all areas is the most effective way
to fully protect all residents, visitors, and employees from the harmful effects
of secondhand smoke."

Secondhand smoke is responsible for about 50,000 deaths a year in the United
States. The 2006 Surgeon General's Report, The Health Consequences of
Involuntary Exposure to Tobacco SmokeExternal Web Site Icon, concluded that
secondhand smoke is also known to cause numerous health problems in infants and
children, including more frequent and severe asthma attacks, respiratory
infections, ear infections, and sudden infant death syndrome. In the same
report, the Surgeon General concluded that there is no safe level of exposure to
secondhand smoke, and that only 100 percent smoke-free indoor policies can fully
protect people from secondhand smoke dangers.

The U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development has encouraged public
housing authorities, as well as owners and managers of multi-family housing
rental assistance programs such as Section 8, to adopt smoke-free policies in
their properties. As of January 2012, more than 250 public housing authorities
have gone smoke-free. But overall, only a small percentage of public housing
authorities have implemented smoke-free policies. Educating housing operators
and residents about the health and economic benefits of prohibiting smoking and
providing resources and information on quitting smoking could help increase the
number of subsidized housing residents protected by smoke-free policies.

"This new study reinforces the importance of the Housing and Urban Development
initiative to promote the adoption of smoke-free housing policies in public
housing and other federally-assisted multifamily housing," said Sandra
Henriquez, HUD's Assistant Secretary for Public and Indian Housing. "We have
seen considerable momentum in the number of public housing agencies across the
country adopting this policy, which saves health and housing costs, in places
like Boston, San Antonio, Seattle, and all public housing in the state of
Maine."

LOAD-DATE: April 18, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


                           Copyright 2013 Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                             122 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                         TendersInfo - Project Notices

                          September 25, 2014 Thursday

Bridgeport Affordable Housing Loan Program

LENGTH: 127  words


Scope of work:
Development of Bridgeport Affordable Housing.
Background:
Bridgeport Affordable Housing Loan Program - $1,000,000A grant will be provided
to ComCap, a non-profit organization which has provided over $25 million and
assisted in the development and rehabilitation of over 1,000 units, will provide
financing for the development and preservation of affordable multi-family rental
housing for low- and moderate-income families in Bridgeport.  This funding will
focus on financing projects in transit-oriented neighborhoods with a projected
goal of developing or rehabilitating 40 units of transit

oriented rental housing with this funding.


Project completion date : 2015-12-31 12:00:00
Major organization : COMCAP

Address : Bridgeport

Country :United States

LOAD-DATE: September 26, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: 811


                          Copyright 2014 Tenders Info
                Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.(Syndigate.info)
                              All Rights Reserved


                             123 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                        Calgary Herald (Alberta, Canada)

                     April 12, 2003 Saturday Final Edition

Keeping tenants safe

SOURCE: Calgary Herald

BYLINE: Marty Hope

SECTION: New Condos; Pg. CS063

LENGTH: 381 words

Everyone from landlords and police officers, to manufacturers, have been
honoured for their contributions to rental unit safety and tenant service by the
Calgary Apartment Association.

At a recent annual gala at the Palliser Hotel, Randy Brown of Mircom
Technologies received the 2003 Lifetime Achievement Award.

Brown has been involved with such things as providing input to proposed changes
to fire legislation and regulations, as well as serving on local and provincial
committees. Mircom makes products that include fire alarm control panels and
emergency call systems.

"Because of his extensive knowledge and expertise in this area, he has
consistently volunteered to serve as chair of the Codes and Regulations
Committee," says association executive director Gerry Baxter.

Const. Gord Ehrentraut of the Calgary Police Service was presented with the Safe
City Award for his work with the Crime Free Multi-family Housing program in
Rundle Manor in northeast Calgary.

"As a result of his efforts in establishing this crime prevention program,
police calls for assistance to this complex have dropped from 33 to four in a
three-year period," says Baxter.

Retired fire marshal Sandy McKenzie of the Calgary Fire Department was the
recipient of the Gerry Lesback Award. It is presented to association members for
their citizenship, service, leadership and contribution to the residential
property management industry.

It honours the accomplishments by an individual or business to the industry and
Calgary.

Other awards include:

Customer Service:

- People's Trust, accepted by company vice-president Dennis Aitken; Landlord
911, accepted by Barb Foster, Jay Hayston, and Chris Souster.

Tenant Service (recognizes owners/managers for their customer service):

- Large building -- Christine and Jean Fournier of Realstar Property Management.

- Small building -- Shirley Fleury and Ken Tobler of Professional Land
Investments.

Buildings of the Year (awards owners/ managers on management and maintenance):

- 13-49 units -- Execsuite Inc. for Sunnyside Gardens.

- 50-100 units -- Krita Investments Ltd. for Chinook Court.

- 100-plus units -- Midland Development Ltd. for Glengrove Manor.

- 100-plus units -- Realstar

Property Management for Stanley Park Place.

LOAD-DATE: April 12, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Colour Photo: Calgary Herald Archive; Gerry Baxter of the Calgary
Apartment Association.

TYPE: Business

               Copyright 2003 CanWest Interactive, a division of
                      CanWest Global Communications Corp.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             124 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             April 2, 2015 Thursday

Oklahoma: OHFA Approves Tax-Exempt Bond Financing and AHTC Credits for Shawnee
Apartments

LENGTH: 237  words

DATELINE: Oklahoma City


Department of Housing Finance, The state of Oklahoma has issued the following
news release:

Housing Finance Agency's Board of Trustees approved during its March meeting
reservations of four percent Affordable Housing Tax Credits and the issuance of
tax-exempt multi-family bonds for the development of an apartment complex.

Ashford Place Apartments, LP was awarded a maximum of $200,000 in four percent
Affordable Housing Tax Credits and a maximum of $5.5 million in tax-exempt
multi-family bonds for the acquisition and rehabilitation of 100 apartment units
in Shawnee.

OHFA is authorized to issue tax-exempt bonds for the construction and
rehabilitation of low and moderate income multi-family rental developments.
Tax-exempt bonds provide a source of long-term below market interest rate
financing since interest on the bonds is exempt from federal income taxes for
investors.

The tax credit amount listed is received each year for the first 10 years of a
project's operating period. For example, a $500,000 reservation results in a
total tax credit award of $5 million. Those credits are then sold to investors.
Proceeds provide equity financing that ultimately results in reduced rents for
tenants. OHFA serves as both the bond and tax credit issuer for this
development.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:
editorial@plusme.com

LOAD-DATE: April 3, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             125 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                             National Mortgage News

                                  July 5, 1999

USDA Financing Rural Housing

LENGTH: 130 words

Washington-The USDA will provide over $ 74 million this summer to finance
development of 2,500 new rental housing units.

This about doubles the amount available in 1998, according to the USDA.

"The rental housing program not only provides decent and affordable housing, but
is an important component of USDA's economic development efforts," Agriculture
Secretary Dan Glickman said in announcing the initiative during a speech in
Orlando, Fla., last month.

Under the USDA's program to guarantee rural rental housing loans, the USDA's
Rural Housing Service provides loan guarantees to private lenders who in turn
make loans for the construction of multi-family housing complexes in rural
areas. The USDA will guarantee up to 90% of the total development cost.

LOAD-DATE: July 9, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                         Copyright 1999 Faulkner & Gray


                             126 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              The Bismarck Tribune

                             March 26, 2017 Sunday

Study finds need for affordable housing

SECTION: C; Pg. 4

LENGTH: 247 words


MINOT (AP) - Minot needs more affordable housing, according to a study developed
as part of the city's National Disaster Resilience Program that found a sizable
gap between the number of residents needing affordable housing and the number of
such rental units that are available.

The study, conducted last year, found that Minot had more than 1,058 long-term
affordable rental housing units and nearly 3,613 cost-burdened households paying
more than 30 percent of income for rent, creating a gap of nearly 2,555 units,
the Minot Daily News reported.

If more affordable rental housing isn't developed, that gap will increase to
more than 3,300 units by 2024, the study said.

The study also said the city's senior population has declined, primarily due to
housing costs, it's expected to increase by 35 percent by 2029.

"The 2014 median income for Minot residents over the age of 65 is $36,046, and
many are housing cost burdened," the study said.

It concludes that vacancy rates in market-rate multi-family housing will decline
and rents will normalize.

"Minot should continue to monitor housing conditions to ensure that areas where
higher vacancies or abandonment occur are quickly identified and addressed using
tools that are already available," the study stated.

The study recommended that the city consider monitoring residential building
permits, job growth, and other analytics. It also recommended that policies be
developed that could help avoid overbuilding in future oil cycles.

LOAD-DATE: March 26, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


       Copyright 2017 The Bismarck Tribune, a division of Lee Enterprises
                              All Rights Reserved


                             127 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                The Berkshire Eagle (Pittsfield, Massachusetts)

                           August 31, 2005 Wednesday

Public Housing

SECTION: GUIDES

LENGTH: 400 words


The Pittsfield Housing Authority
 65 Columbus Ave., [413] 443-5936. This agency administers both public housing
and section 8 programs. Family housing developments include: Wilson Park, Dower
Square, Jubilee apartments, Christopher Arms, and McGill Court. Senior housing
developments include: Rose Manor, Providence Court, Wahcohah Heights, Francis
Plaza, and Columbia Arms, Rents, which are based on household income, are
affordable. Twenty-four hour maintenance service is provided. Each senior
development has a community room and laundry facilities.
 The PHA also provides supportive services for tenants through agencies such as
Berkshire Visiting Nurse Association and to the Pittsfield Police Department
which provides D.A.R.E. programs.

Department of Community Development
 City Hall, [413] 499-9453. In addition to overall economic development
responsibilities, the DCD administers programs for the rehabilitation of single
family and multi-family housing, including de-leading of residential spaces.
Below-market-rate loans and/or grants are available to qualified persons for
these purposes. DCD also provides assistance related to Fair Housing and
resolution of tenant/landlord disputes. A guidebook called 'The Complete
Landlord' is available for $5 from DCD at City Hall.

Berkshire County Regional Housing Authority
 150 North St., [413] 443-7138. Develops housing, provides mediation programs,
legal and educational counseling, case-management services, offers workshops on
the rights and responsibilities for landlords and tenants of both, and assists
people trying to find affordable housing.

Berkshire Housing Development Corp.
 74 North St., Rm. 302, [413] 499-1630, Peter J. Lafayette, president. A
non-profit organization dedicated to providing affordable housing opportunities
throughout Berkshire County. Berkshire Housing Development builds new housing,
rehabilitates old housing and operates a home ownership program for First-time
home buyers. Staff also serves as consultants to communities and write grant
proposals. The corporation is also involved in community development projects.
It's subsidiary company, Berkshire Housing Services, Inc. manages 1,500 housing
units throughout Berkshire County and includes government assisted rental units,
market rate condominiums, and commercial properties. www.berkshirehousing.com

LOAD-DATE: August 31, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

   Copyright 2005 MediaNews Group, Inc. and New England Newspaper Group Inc.


                             128 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             April 2, 2015 Thursday

Oklahoma: OHFA Approves Tax-Exempt Bond Financing and AHTC Credits for Shawnee
Apartments

LENGTH: 237  words

DATELINE: Oklahoma City


Department of Housing Finance, The state of Oklahoma has issued the following
news release:

Housing Finance Agency's Board of Trustees approved during its March meeting
reservations of four percent Affordable Housing Tax Credits and the issuance of
tax-exempt multi-family bonds for the development of an apartment complex.

Ashford Place Apartments, LP was awarded a maximum of $200,000 in four percent
Affordable Housing Tax Credits and a maximum of $5.5 million in tax-exempt
multi-family bonds for the acquisition and rehabilitation of 100 apartment units
in Shawnee.

OHFA is authorized to issue tax-exempt bonds for the construction and
rehabilitation of low and moderate income multi-family rental developments.
Tax-exempt bonds provide a source of long-term below market interest rate
financing since interest on the bonds is exempt from federal income taxes for
investors.

The tax credit amount listed is received each year for the first 10 years of a
project's operating period. For example, a $500,000 reservation results in a
total tax credit award of $5 million. Those credits are then sold to investors.
Proceeds provide equity financing that ultimately results in reduced rents for
tenants. OHFA serves as both the bond and tax credit issuer for this
development.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:
editorial@plusme.com

LOAD-DATE: May 9, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             129 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Greeley Tribune (Colorado)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                             July 14, 2015 Tuesday

EDITORIAL: Rising rents mean challenges, opportunities but they're likely here
to stay

BYLINE: Greeley Tribune, Colo.

SECTION: COMMENTARY

LENGTH: 429 words


July 14--If you're one of the thousands of Greeley residents who has tried to
find a place to live in Greeley's rental market, you no doubt have encountered
the frustration that goes with trying to find a place that is both: a)
affordable, and b) available.

A sharp rise in Greeley rental rates combined with a continuing low vacancy rate
are creating both opportunities and challenges for residents.

The opportunities are for development, and there certainly have been some key
multi-family construction projects completed in Greeley and Evans in the last
couple years, and several more are under construction now. That has helped to
revitalize the construction industry in Greeley, which is a key employment
sector in Weld County's economy.

The challenges, though, are many. The median rent in Greeley is now $873. That's
up nearly $300 from 10 years ago; it's an increase of almost $200 from just two
years ago.

Average hourly wages have also increased in the Greeley area, thanks mostly to
the oil and gas boom. For those who make a decent wage, the monthly rental rate
is manageable, although finding a place to live can still take weeks.

Bu wages for most haven't kept pace with rents. Between 2005 and 2015 rents
jumped nearly 50 percent. During roughly the same time period -- from 2007-2014
-- wages rose just 21 percent.

That means there remain thousands of Greeley residents who don't work in the oil
fields or don't make a similar wage. And for them, housing is becoming harder
and harder to find, or is taking up a disproportionate share of their income.

Greeley's residential rental market has an occupancy rate of 98.9 percent, the
highest in the state. Finding an apartment that meets your budget can be almost
a full-time job, some say, because apartments or rental homes are snapped up
within hours after they are on the market.

There is a silver lining in the numbers. Greeley's rental rates remain below the
neighboring communities of Fort Collins and Loveland. And there are a
significant number of multi-family housing units under construction in the
Greeley-Evans area that should be completed by the end of the year.

But it appears as though higher rental rates and a tight market are part of the
new normal in Greeley. For those whose wages haven't kept pace with rising
rents, we as a community must work to ensure affordable housing is available for
those who need it.

-- The Tribune Editorial Board

___ (c)2015 the Greeley Tribune (Greeley, Colo.) Visit the Greeley Tribune
(Greeley, Colo.) at www.greeleytribune.com Distributed by Tribune Content
Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: July 28, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20150714-GY-EDITORIAL-Rising-rents-mean-challenges-opportunities-but-they-re-lik
ely-here-to-stay-0714-20150714

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: GY


                         Copyright 2015 Greeley Tribune


                             130 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Pasadena Star-News (California)

                            December 20, 2009 Sunday

Pasadena's new Web site makes house-hunting as easy as clicking a mouse

BYLINE: By Janette Williams, Staff Writer

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 607 words


PASADENA - Taking a cue from computer Web sites that match compatible couples,
the city's Housing Department has launched a free service linking landlords with
renters looking for affordable housing in Pasadena.

"It's like match-making," Housing Director Bill Huang said of the search site.

Pasadena, he said, is the first city to use this simplified electronic way of
connecting landlords directly with people looking for the right rental, in the
right place, at the right price, and at no cost to either party.

"I don't think it's exaggerating to say this is the most powerful affordable
housing search tool in the country," Huang said. "All the properties listed (on
the site) are affordable, at moderate-income rents or below."

First, all the units listed are currently available, Huang said, and that cuts
out wasted time and effort calling about rental housing that's already taken.

When they click on, house-seekers can instantly see the addresses, rent amount
and contact numbers, sometimes interior/exterior photographs, plus specifics,
such as room sizes, whether the landlord accepts Section 8 renters, how many
occupants are allowed, if pets are allowed, if the rental is
handicap-accessible, and what appliances or utilities are included.

Since Section 8 vouchers expire within weeks of being issued, it's particularly
important to have that information at a glance, Huang said.

"If you scroll way down (on the site), it will tell you the distance to
facilities, how far it is to the bus stop or light rail, or shopping for
groceries," he said.

Huang said the Pasadena housing Web site is linked to, and patterned on, one
that covers Los Angeles County.

A specialized site is available only to "housing locators" for the homeless,
such as Pasadena's Doors of Hope or Union Station, he said.

"It just significantly reduces the amount of time trying to help these very
different individuals who need housing," Huang said.

The list includes units available to special needs people who face serious
challenges in finding housing, including those with criminal records or severe
mental problems.

Sandra Peterson, a housing specialist at Union Station, said Pasadena's new site
will "absolutely" be of use in finding accommodations for the homeless. It comes
just as the agency starts up the new Rapid Rehousing program, funded with
$405,000 in federal stimulus funds and approved by the city Dec. 17, she said.

Peterson said the site could also be a way to "educate" landlords in working
with subsidized tenants.

"There is a mindset that many landlords have about Section 8 recipients - or
anyone getting rental assistance through any government agency," she said. "It
could change their opinion of how they can rent to people and still be assured
of getting the rent due to them."

Huang said the Pasadena site cost about $5,000 to start up and will cost $5,000
a year to maintain, because the city piggy-backed on the county site - which
Huang helped to set up when he worked with the county and which cost $1.1
million.

On any given day the county site has up to 4,000 listings to wade through, Huang
said. The Pasadena site provides fewer but highly specific, current affordable
listings - 18 on a recent day.

Postcards touting the site have gone out to landlords of all 3,000 or so
multi-family rentals in Pasadena, Huang said.

The new Web site is easy to use, both for listing and looking, Huang said, but
anyone without access to a computer can get help from the Housing department,
649 N. Fair Oaks Ave., Suite 202, or by calling 626-744-8300.

Visit the site at http://pasadenahousingsearch.com/ .

janette.williams@sgvn.com

626-578-6300, ext. 4482

LOAD-DATE: December 31, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


   Copyright 2009 MediaNews Group, Inc. and Los Angeles Newspaper Group, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             131 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                 The Bond Buyer

                              June 2, 2015 Tuesday

El Paso Blends PABs, Tax Credits to Rehab Public Housing

BYLINE: Richard Williamson

SECTION: REGIONAL NEWS Vol. 1 No. 34318

LENGTH: 1512  words


DALLASÂ - Faced with dwindling federal funds, the Housing Authority of the City
of El Paso, Texas is combining private investment, tax credits and private
activity bonds to rehabilitate or replace aging federal housing projects.

In the process, ownership of the properties will transfer from the federal
government to a public facilities corporation under a program called the Rental
Assistance Demonstration initiative that Congress authorized in 2011.

"The Rental Assistance Demonstration initiative is a game changer that will
transform the way we think about public housing well into the future," said
Gerald Cichon, El Paso Housing Authority chief executive. "The benefits to the
City of El Paso are unprecedented, bringing $500 million in public and private
investment to our city with a $1 billion local economic impact."

The authority recently closed on Phase 1 of one of the largest rental assistance
rehabilitation projects in the country. The April 9 transaction also marked the
largest single issuance of housing tax credits ever approved by the Texas
Department of Housing and Community Affairs, officials said.

The tax credit program is funded by the U.S. Treasury Department and is overseen
by the Internal Revenue Service. In February, TDHCA approved $8.4 million of
credits for the El Paso project.

Under RAD, ownership of the traditional multi-family housing projects transfers
to a PFC backed by private investors. HACEP continues to manage applications for
the low-income housing. When the financing ends, the property reverts to HACEP's
ownership, Cichon said.

"We're government and we're going to stay government," Cichon said. "But we're
going to run like a private company."

Starved for funding to operate and maintain aging housing complexes, growing
numbers of local housing authorities have tried to reduce their public housing
stock or get out of the business altogether.

"Public housing is a failed business model," Cichon said. "This allows us to
step away from a heavily regulated business model. There's a lot more freedom
for us. El Paso will receive the largest influx of funds to build affordable
housing units in decades."

Conventional public housing is not permitted to carry any debt, limiting options
to repair or rehabilitate existing properties, according to the TDHCA. Under
RAD, local housing authorities can access financing, including tax credits and
private sector investment.

"I had kind of referred to it as a privatization, but it's not really a
privatization," said Bill Avila, bond counsel at Bracewell & Giuliani who worked
on a $125 million private activity bond issue for the authority. "It's really
more of a public-private partnership."

HACEP used to expect between $11 million to $12 million in federal revenue
annually for major maintenance projects such as replacing roofs or repairing
elevators.Â  Such funding has fallen to about $7 million per year, Cichon said.

"We have a $50 million shortfall in five years," Cichon said. "Over 20 years,
it's $200 million."

In some cases, the housing complexes are being demolished and replaced while
others are undergoing remodeling. The oldest project in HACEP's inventory, the
Tays Place project built in 1941, will be replaced.

"The benefits, ranging from asbestos abatement to providing improved
accessibility and modern climate control, are very real benefits to these
residents," said Tim Irvine, TDHCA executive director.

Nationwide, about $26 billion of projects administered by public housing
authorities are expected to use the new financial mechanism for rehabilitation.

"For too long, local housing officials tasked with preserving public housing and
creating new affordable units have been constrained by tight federal budgets and
tough economic conditions that made local funding scarce," Julian Castro,
secretary of the U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development, said in an
April prepared statement.

"The Rental Assistance Demonstration turns that funding stalemate on its head --
allowing public housing authorities and owners of other HUD-supported properties
to access private financing to rehabilitate and preserve existing affordable
housing - expanding opportunity in communities like El Paso and across the
nation," Castro said.

San Francisco has already trumped El Paso with a $1.4 billion RAD program that
will leverage $780 million in investor equity. San Francisco Mayor Edwin M. Lee
said the program will rehab 4,584 public housing units for 5,400 low-income San
Franciscans.

HACEP's five-year remodeling project is expected to cost about $1 billion.Â
HACEP is the largest public housing authority in Texas.

Phase 1 of the RAD project represents about 30% of HACEP's housing units.Â  The
first of three phases is valued at about $250 million. That cost is covered in
part by $125 million of PABs that will be retired upon completion of the
construction. Thus, the contractors provide up-front financing for the
construction, with reimbursement from the bond proceeds, Avila said.

"You wind up with a project that has $250 million of rehab and only $60 million
worth of debt," Avila said.

The first phase of the project will provide major renovations to nearly 1,600
public housing apartment units among 13 properties in El Paso. Those make up 30%
of HACEP's entire ownership of housing units.

Bracewell's San Antonio partners Jane Macon and Carey Troell worked with Avila
on the bond deal.

"This project will run about $1 billion," Macon said. "There's no way that HUD
would be able to fund that. The private sector is basically taking on the mantle
to renovate aging housing stock."

One key to the deal was bundling PABs for several complexes, rather than issuing
them for each complex, Avila said.Â  The Texas Bond Review Board apportions
PABs, rationed by the IRS, to applicants throughout the state.

The issuers took advantage of a provision in state law that allows bundling of
PABs after Aug. 15, Avila said.

"On a multi-family project, there's a $20 million limit," Avila said. "On Aug.
15, the collapse date, you can apply for as much as you want. So, we applied
after Aug. 15."

In 2014, Texas PAB volume grew $169.2 million or 6.8% to $2.65 billion,
according to the BRB. The total size of the PAB program, including 2014 volume
cap and carry-forward, was $5.28 billion, an 11.9% increase from the 2013 total.
As of November 15, 2014, $1.05 billion had been allocated and application
requests totaled $2.8 billion, an increase of 44.2% from 2013.

Under legislation approved by the 2015 Texas Legislature, bundling of PABs will
be allowed earlier in the fiscal year.

House Bill 2878 by Rep. Marisa Marques, D-El Paso, allows HACEP to aggregate
more than one qualified residential rental project into a single, combined
project as part of the RAD program.

HACEP has begun the arduous process of relocating about 20,000 residents from
their current units to other housing around the city so that their homes can be
remodeled or rebuilt. At an estimated cost of $35,000 to $80,000 per unit,
contractors will eliminate asbestos, replace deteriorated ducts, switch from
evaporative coolers to refrigerated air units, and install new cabinetry and
Energy Star appliances.

The cost of physically moving tenants from the housing complexes ranges from
$2,000 to $3,000 per family and requires close attention to detail from a staff
of about 20 employees at HACEP.

"We have to move them, pack them and set them up within 12 hours," Cichon said.
"They have to be able to go to bed that night, and some of these people are
elderly or have disabilities."

Once the construction is complete, the residents will return.

The entire $1 billion project is expected to be completed in 2019.

Created in 1938, HACEP serves more than 40,000 El Pasoans, making it the 14th
largest PHA in the United States. It provides 6,100 public housing units, 495
Section 8 New Construction units, 1,288 tax credit and non-subsidized units, and
5,600 Housing Choice Vouchers.

Since Congress approved 60,000 public housing units for RAD in fiscal year 2012,
HACEP is one of the largest public housing authorities in the U.S. to take
advantage of the initiative.

According to Moody's Investors Service, housing finance authority multifamily
performance in 2014 was strong as loan delinquencies fell to 0.30% from the
0.50% range over the past three years. Loans in foreclosure, workout or real
estate owned, have significantly increased to 0.71% from 0.48% of outstanding
loans, but still remain low, analysts said.

"The low interest rate environment, high occupancy levels and tight supply
should produce high valuations for multifamily properties," they added.

Since Congress approved the RAD demonstration in November of 2011, early results
show it is generating significant additional capital for public and assisted
housing, according to HUD. HUD has made awards to 60,000 public and assisted
housing units in more than 340 different projects across the country. Through
the awards, housing authorities have proposed to generate about $3 billion in
capital repairs by leveraging private debt and equity.

URL: http://www.bondbuyer.com

LOAD-DATE: June 1, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: BONDBUYER_NEWS


                        Copyright 2015 SourceMedia, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             132 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                 bondbuyer.com

                              June 1, 2015 Monday

El Paso Blends PABs, Tax Credits to Rehab Public Housing

BYLINE: Richard Williamson

SECTION: REGIONAL NEWS Vol. 1 No. 1

LENGTH: 1512  words


DALLASÂ - Faced with dwindling federal funds, the Housing Authority of the City
of El Paso, Texas is combining private investment, tax credits and private
activity bonds to rehabilitate or replace aging federal housing projects.

In the process, ownership of the properties will transfer from the federal
government to a public facilities corporation under a program called the Rental
Assistance Demonstration initiative that Congress authorized in 2011.

"The Rental Assistance Demonstration initiative is a game changer that will
transform the way we think about public housing well into the future," said
Gerald Cichon, El Paso Housing Authority chief executive. "The benefits to the
City of El Paso are unprecedented, bringing $500 million in public and private
investment to our city with a $1 billion local economic impact."

The authority recently closed on Phase 1 of one of the largest rental assistance
rehabilitation projects in the country. The April 9 transaction also marked the
largest single issuance of housing tax credits ever approved by the Texas
Department of Housing and Community Affairs, officials said.

The tax credit program is funded by the U.S. Treasury Department and is overseen
by the Internal Revenue Service. In February, TDHCA approved $8.4 million of
credits for the El Paso project.

Under RAD, ownership of the traditional multi-family housing projects transfers
to a PFC backed by private investors. HACEP continues to manage applications for
the low-income housing. When the financing ends, the property reverts to HACEP's
ownership, Cichon said.

"We're government and we're going to stay government," Cichon said. "But we're
going to run like a private company."

Starved for funding to operate and maintain aging housing complexes, growing
numbers of local housing authorities have tried to reduce their public housing
stock or get out of the business altogether.

"Public housing is a failed business model," Cichon said. "This allows us to
step away from a heavily regulated business model. There's a lot more freedom
for us. El Paso will receive the largest influx of funds to build affordable
housing units in decades."

Conventional public housing is not permitted to carry any debt, limiting options
to repair or rehabilitate existing properties, according to the TDHCA. Under
RAD, local housing authorities can access financing, including tax credits and
private sector investment.

"I had kind of referred to it as a privatization, but it's not really a
privatization," said Bill Avila, bond counsel at Bracewell & Giuliani who worked
on a $125 million private activity bond issue for the authority. "It's really
more of a public-private partnership."

HACEP used to expect between $11 million to $12 million in federal revenue
annually for major maintenance projects such as replacing roofs or repairing
elevators.Â  Such funding has fallen to about $7 million per year, Cichon said.

"We have a $50 million shortfall in five years," Cichon said. "Over 20 years,
it's $200 million."

In some cases, the housing complexes are being demolished and replaced while
others are undergoing remodeling. The oldest project in HACEP's inventory, the
Tays Place project built in 1941, will be replaced.

"The benefits, ranging from asbestos abatement to providing improved
accessibility and modern climate control, are very real benefits to these
residents," said Tim Irvine, TDHCA executive director.

Nationwide, about $26 billion of projects administered by public housing
authorities are expected to use the new financial mechanism for rehabilitation.

"For too long, local housing officials tasked with preserving public housing and
creating new affordable units have been constrained by tight federal budgets and
tough economic conditions that made local funding scarce," Julian Castro,
secretary of the U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development, said in an
April prepared statement.

"The Rental Assistance Demonstration turns that funding stalemate on its head --
allowing public housing authorities and owners of other HUD-supported properties
to access private financing to rehabilitate and preserve existing affordable
housing - expanding opportunity in communities like El Paso and across the
nation," Castro said.

San Francisco has already trumped El Paso with a $1.4 billion RAD program that
will leverage $780 million in investor equity. San Francisco Mayor Edwin M. Lee
said the program will rehab 4,584 public housing units for 5,400 low-income San
Franciscans.

HACEP's five-year remodeling project is expected to cost about $1 billion.Â
HACEP is the largest public housing authority in Texas.

Phase 1 of the RAD project represents about 30% of HACEP's housing units.Â  The
first of three phases is valued at about $250 million. That cost is covered in
part by $125 million of PABs that will be retired upon completion of the
construction. Thus, the contractors provide up-front financing for the
construction, with reimbursement from the bond proceeds, Avila said.

"You wind up with a project that has $250 million of rehab and only $60 million
worth of debt," Avila said.

The first phase of the project will provide major renovations to nearly 1,600
public housing apartment units among 13 properties in El Paso. Those make up 30%
of HACEP's entire ownership of housing units.

Bracewell's San Antonio partners Jane Macon and Carey Troell worked with Avila
on the bond deal.

"This project will run about $1 billion," Macon said. "There's no way that HUD
would be able to fund that. The private sector is basically taking on the mantle
to renovate aging housing stock."

One key to the deal was bundling PABs for several complexes, rather than issuing
them for each complex, Avila said.Â  The Texas Bond Review Board apportions
PABs, rationed by the IRS, to applicants throughout the state.

The issuers took advantage of a provision in state law that allows bundling of
PABs after Aug. 15, Avila said.

"On a multi-family project, there's a $20 million limit," Avila said. "On Aug.
15, the collapse date, you can apply for as much as you want. So, we applied
after Aug. 15."

In 2014, Texas PAB volume grew $169.2 million or 6.8% to $2.65 billion,
according to the BRB. The total size of the PAB program, including 2014 volume
cap and carry-forward, was $5.28 billion, an 11.9% increase from the 2013 total.
As of November 15, 2014, $1.05 billion had been allocated and application
requests totaled $2.8 billion, an increase of 44.2% from 2013.

Under legislation approved by the 2015 Texas Legislature, bundling of PABs will
be allowed earlier in the fiscal year.

House Bill 2878 by Rep. Marisa Marques, D-El Paso, allows HACEP to aggregate
more than one qualified residential rental project into a single, combined
project as part of the RAD program.

HACEP has begun the arduous process of relocating about 20,000 residents from
their current units to other housing around the city so that their homes can be
remodeled or rebuilt. At an estimated cost of $35,000 to $80,000 per unit,
contractors will eliminate asbestos, replace deteriorated ducts, switch from
evaporative coolers to refrigerated air units, and install new cabinetry and
Energy Star appliances.

The cost of physically moving tenants from the housing complexes ranges from
$2,000 to $3,000 per family and requires close attention to detail from a staff
of about 20 employees at HACEP.

"We have to move them, pack them and set them up within 12 hours," Cichon said.
"They have to be able to go to bed that night, and some of these people are
elderly or have disabilities."

Once the construction is complete, the residents will return.

The entire $1 billion project is expected to be completed in 2019.

Created in 1938, HACEP serves more than 40,000 El Pasoans, making it the 14th
largest PHA in the United States. It provides 6,100 public housing units, 495
Section 8 New Construction units, 1,288 tax credit and non-subsidized units, and
5,600 Housing Choice Vouchers.

Since Congress approved 60,000 public housing units for RAD in fiscal year 2012,
HACEP is one of the largest public housing authorities in the U.S. to take
advantage of the initiative.

According to Moody's Investors Service, housing finance authority multifamily
performance in 2014 was strong as loan delinquencies fell to 0.30% from the
0.50% range over the past three years. Loans in foreclosure, workout or real
estate owned, have significantly increased to 0.71% from 0.48% of outstanding
loans, but still remain low, analysts said.

"The low interest rate environment, high occupancy levels and tight supply
should produce high valuations for multifamily properties," they added.

Since Congress approved the RAD demonstration in November of 2011, early results
show it is generating significant additional capital for public and assisted
housing, according to HUD. HUD has made awards to 60,000 public and assisted
housing units in more than 340 different projects across the country. Through
the awards, housing authorities have proposed to generate about $3 billion in
capital repairs by leveraging private debt and equity.

URL: http://www.bondbuyer.com

LOAD-DATE: June 1, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: BONDBUYER_NEWS


                        Copyright 2015 SourceMedia, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             133 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                   November 23, 2000, Thursday, Home Edition

Mixed-use urban village going up;
 $ 145 million plan to transform Carver Homes

BYLINE: S.A. Reid, Staff

SOURCE: AJC

SECTION: Metro News; Pg. 3E

LENGTH: 509 words

The old Carver Homes public housing site soon will be transformed into the $ 145
million Villages at Carver, a mixed-use project expected to set the standard for
redevelopment on the south side.

The Atlanta Housing Authority and its joint venture partners, Integral
Properties and H.J. Russell & Company, this week broke ground on the project
that will take up 105 acres along the economically-depressed Pryor Road
corridor, just south of downtown.

Project plans call for the construction of 262 single-family homes and 720 one-,
two-, three- and four-bedroom rental units in the northern section closest to
University Avenue and in the southeast portion of the site.

Recreational and educational facilities, including library and community center,
will be part of the mix, as well as jogging trails. A park will sit in the
middle of the development.

A supermarket will take some of the several thousand square feet of retail and
commercial space that will front Pryor.

The villages is being developed by the joint venture partnership of Integral
Properties, H.J. Russell & Co. and the Atlanta Housing Authority. Integral and
Russell will act as the developer, general contractor and property manager.

"We're very excited about the redevelopment of the entire Pryor Road corridor,"
said Renee Lewis Glover, AHA executive director. "Our partners Integral and H.J.
Russell are very creative and visionary."

Project officials predict it will have as big an impact on south side
redevelopment as the transformation of Techwood Homes into Centennial Place has
had on the north end of downtown. They also expect it to set the standard for
other projects planned for the area.

"We see it as a catalyst to get the whole southside redevelopment plan moving,"
said H. Jerome Russell, president and chief operating officer. "One hundred and
five acres is a lot in the city of Atlanta to be able to really make a
difference."

Previous projects such as Centennial Place and Villages at Castleberry, which
replaced John Hope Homes, involved only 60 and 30 acres respectfully.

As with similar redevelopment efforts the AHA has under taken, the villages will
be mixed-income, allowing the poor and more affluent to live side-by- side.

Today's ceremony marks the start of the project's initial phase expected to be
completed sometime next year. It will result in the construction of 220
multi-family units and community amenities, such as pool, greenspace and paths
for walking, biking and jogging.

The entire project is expected to be completed by 2004.

It will mesh with other redevelopment efforts under way along the corridor, such
as the Hi Point Estates subdivision and construction of a new Price Middle
School.

Councilman Derrick Boazman, who represents the area and has been a champion of
its revitalization, is ecstatic.

"The groundbreaking is another significant milestone in the neighborhood,"
Boazman said. "Carver Homes will be a new place where poor people and those who
have means live side by side in a new community."

LOAD-DATE: November 23, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Graphic
Artist rendition of the $ 145 million Villages at Carver shows quite a different
picture than the Carver Homes public housing community it is replacing. /
Special

                    Copyright 2000 The Atlanta Constitution


                             134 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                The Berkshire Eagle (Pittsfield, Massachusetts)

                            July 19, 2006 Wednesday

Public Housing

SECTION: GUIDES

LENGTH: 385 words


The Pittsfield Housing Authority

65 Columbus Ave., (413) 443-5936. This agency administers both public housing
and section 8 programs. Family housing developments include: Wilson Park, Dower
Square, Jubilee apartments, Christopher Arms, and McGill Court. Senior housing
developments include: Rose Manor, Providence Court, Wahcohah Heights, Francis
Plaza, and Columbia Arms, Rents, which are based on household income, are
affordable. Twenty-four hour maintenance service is provided. Each senior
development has a community room and laundry facilities.

The PHA also provides supportive services for tenants through agencies such as
Berkshire Visiting Nurse Association, Elder Services, and the Pittsfield Police
Department.

Department of Community Development

City Hall, (413) 499-9453. In addition to overall economic development
responsibilities, the DCD administers programs for the rehabilitation of single
family and multi-family housing, including de-leading of residential spaces.
Below-market-rate loans and/or grants are available to qualified persons for
these purposes. DCD also provides assistance related to Fair Housing and
resolution of tenant/landlord disputes. A guidebook called 'The Complete
Landlord' is available for $5 from DCD at City Hall.

Berkshire County Regional Housing Authority

150 North St., (413) 443-7138. Develops housing, provides mediation programs,
legal and educational counseling, case-management services, offers workshops on
the rights and responsibilities for landlords and tenants of both, and assists
people trying to find affordable housing.

Berkshire Housing Development Corp.

74 North St., Rm. 302, (413) 499-1630, Bill Simon, president. A non-profit
organization dedicated to providing affordable housing opportunities throughout
Berkshire County. Berkshire Housing Development builds new housing,
rehabilitates old housing and operates a home ownership program for First-time
home buyers. Staff also serves as consultants to communities and write grant
proposals. The corporation is also involved in community development projects.
It's subsidiary company, Berkshire Housing Services, Inc. manages 1,500 housing
units throughout Berkshire County and includes government assisted rental units,
market rate condominiums, and commercial properties. www.berkshirehousing.com

LOAD-DATE: July 19, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


   Copyright 2006 MediaNews Group, Inc. and New England Newspaper Group Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             135 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                   The Star Phoenix (Saskatoon, Saskatchewan)

                           February 10, 2011 Thursday
                                 Final Edition

Wrong fix for housing

BYLINE: Rob Huck, The StarPhoenix

SECTION: FORUM; Letters To The Editor; Pg. A9

LENGTH: 240  words


The city's new equity building loan program appears at first glance to be a
progressive incentive to improve the lives of those who need a bit of help to
get them their first home.

This is a laudable intention. However, we all know which road is paved with good
intentions.

There are several things wrong with the program that seeks to provide low-cost
loans for those with incomes between $45,000 and $70,000.

First, it creates an artificial demand in Saskatoon's current housing bubble. By
adding 250 buyers to the market, housing prices will rise that much higher,
creating even more difficulty for those who now can barely afford a home and
cannot be assisted through this program.

Second, as the demand for new private homes increases, the incentive will be for
developers to build new homes for sale, rather than sorely needed rental
accommodations.

Rental space has been at record lows, and the last thing developers need is an
excuse not to build more rental units.

If the city truly wants to handle the affordable housing crisis, it would
provide incentives for developers to build new multi-family rental complexes or
remove barriers for homeowners to build rental units on their own property.

own property. But of course, municipal politicians would rather cut the ribbon
in front of a brand new home they directly financed with taxpayer dollars rather
than quietly ensure that 100 new granny suites open up around the city.

Rob Huck

Saskatoon

LOAD-DATE: February 10, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Letter

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 2011 The Star Phoenix, a division of Canwest MediaWorks Publication
                                      Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             136 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                Sentinel & Enterprise (Fitchburg, Massachusetts)

                            August 4, 2005 Thursday

Decline in housing threat to cities

BYLINE: Letters to the EditorDaniel S. Flynn Gary Comeau Board Members Twin
Cities CDC Taking Action Committee

SECTION: LETTERS

LENGTH: 786 words


Working families are finding it increasingly difficult to rent decent housing at
affordable prices in the twin cities of Fitchburg and Leominster.

According to the North Central Housing Coalition, nine thousand households in
the region are paying more than 30% of their income for housing and the
overwhelming majority of these are working families renting in Fitchburg and
Leominster.

There are many reasons for the difficulty working families face.

Among the most influential, of course, is that wages have not kept pace with
housing costs. Median home sale prices rose 76% between 1990 and 2000 in the
area, but wages increased only 9.7%.

The rapid rise in home prices in Fitchburg since the 2000 census has added to
the wage-housing cost gap. According to The Warren Group, the median sale price
of a Fitchburg single-family in 2005 is $211,450, almost double the 2000 price.

As home ownership moves out of reach for most renters, a decline in the number
of rental units is making adequate rental housing more difficult to find. In the
1990s, the number of rental units in the Twin Cities declined by six percent;
Fitchburg alone lost more than 700 units.

The decline will continue. The rental housing stock is old, with the majority of
multi-family houses in the area having been built prior to 1939. Age and fire
are taking their toll.

Despite these losses, there is too little profit in building affordable rental
units to attract private investors. The cost of purchasing and rehabilitating
the old multifamily houses in the Twin Cities' core neighborhoods are high and
the rents are limited by the low household income of this urban center. Zoning
laws and not-in-my-backyard opposition limits the expansion of affordable rental
units elsewhere.

This is why over 90% of the housing permits taken out in the region are for
single-family homes outside the inner city core.

Yet few Twin City families can afford a single-family home. Mortgage and taxes
on a median priced single family in the area require an income in excess of
$80,000, plus a substantial down payment. The area's median family income is
$48,000; few can afford a moderately priced single-family home.

The decline in multifamily housing is a grave threat to the area. The density
and diversity of housing in cities are the qualities that make urban life vital
and dynamic. Our commercial and industrial economy depends on the working
families that live in the region's multi-family homes. Affordable rental housing
is critical to the area's future.

It is time for action to preserve and expand this resource.

However, a misinformed bias against renters and a strong preference for home
ownership, even though it is clear that the majority of Twin City residents
can't afford to buy, makes action difficult. It is widely believed that
multifamily housing overcrowds neighborhoods, breeds crime and social turmoil,
and puts excessive burdens on our schools and city services.

If this idea ever had any basis in reality, it has been put to rout in Cleghorn.
There organized residents have rescued the neighborhood from some of the worst
conditions of urban life. In creating the Twin Cities Community Development
Corporation [CDC], neighbors demonstrated that you can fight back against crime
and civic indifference and, with city backing, rebuild their neighborhood's
housing stock.

In recent years, dozens of single and multi-family units have been built and
sold in Cleghorn with private and public funds. In addition, lead-paint
education and de-leading programs have helped reclaim older units for healthy
living. Residents have taken CDC classes to learn how and when to purchase a
home and, with CDC-managed down-payment assistance programs, have bought them in
Cleghorn. Older homeowners are investing once again in their properties and
small businesses are growing.

Cleghorn's rebirth gives the Twin Cities hope. Dense and diverse neighborhoods
create vital cities. They in turn are built with affordable, multi-family rental
housing. Every one of us depends upon the people who live in them to staff our
factories and businesses, to buy our goods and service, and to create the
markets that encourages entertainers and artists to visit our region.

The Twin Cities CDC has organized a Taking Action Committee to develop awareness
of the critical need for affordable housing in the area and the important role
rental housing plays in our local economy. It is time to give renters some
respect and long past time to seek and welcome public and philanthropic
partnerships that can create a range of affordable rental housing to serve the
working families of the Twin Cities' needs.

LOAD-DATE: August 4, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

      Copyright 2005 MediaNews Group, Inc. and Mid-States Newspapers, Inc.


                             137 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                             National Mortgage News

                               FEBRUARY 22, 1999

Freddie Finances 221,000 Rental Units

LENGTH: 166 words

San Diego-Freddie Mac financed more than 221,000 rental housing units last year,
achieving all of its affordable housing requirements along the way.

Well, actually, the word "achieving" may be something of an understatement, says
vice president Mitchell Kiffe, especially as it applies to the special
affordable housing goal assigned to the big government-sponsored enterprise by
the Department of Housing and Development.

While the company was required to back $ 1 billion worth of loans to apartment
projects affordable to persons earning just 50-60% of the area median income,
Mr. Kiffe reported at the Mortgage Bankers Association's annual commercial real
estate finance/multi-family housing conference here last week, it actually
purchased $ 2.7 billion worth of such mortgages.

The GSE also helped to keep rents low for thousands of low and moderate-income
tenants by providing credit support to $ 473 million in mortgage funded from
proceeds of tax-exempt bonds.

LOAD-DATE: July 14, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                         Copyright 1999 Faulkner & Gray


                             138 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                             Daily News (New York)

                           December 15, 1998, Tuesday

8.7M FOR NEW HOMES

BYLINE: By PAUL H.B. SHIN

SECTION: Suburban; Pg.  1

LENGTH: 352 words


Senior citizens in Bushwick and Ridgewood got an early Christmas present of $
8.7 million from Uncle Sam yesterday to help build and operate apartments for
the elderly.

The federal Department of Housing and Urban Development (HUD) awarded the
multi-million-dollar grant to the Ridgewood Bushwick Senior Citizens Council to
build an 82-unit complex for low-income seniors at Troutman St. and Evergreen
Ave.

The seven-story development of one-bedroom units will include a community room,
kitchen, social services office and a hobby room, officials said. Construction
will begin before the summer of 2000 and be completed within a year of
groundbreaking.

"It's important that we provide a dignified way of living for the elderly," Rep.
Nydia Velazquez (D-Brooklyn, Queens, Manhattan) said at yesterday's
check-presentation ceremony, held at a packed senior center on Stanhope St.

Velazquez was joined by HUD Deputy Secretary Saul Ramirez and by Assemblyman
Vito Lopez (D-Williamsburg), who founded the Ridgewood Bushwick Senior Citizens
Council 25 years ago.

The council today serves more than 11,400 seniors every month and cooks some
2,800 meals for the elderly on Thanksgiving and Christmas, Lopez said. The
council also employs 1,620 workers, most of whom live in the community,
Executive Director Angela Battaglia said.

The Troutman Evergreen Housing proposal was one of eight projects in the New
York City area funded through HUD's Section 202 program.

The program provides capital financing and rental assistance to private
nonprofit sponsors for the development and operation of housing that enables
low-income seniors to live as independently as possible in the community, HUD
officials said.

The eight projects chosen for this round of funding were selected from 16
applicants, said Deborah VanAmerongen, HUD's director of multi-family housing.

In November, federal Housing Secretary Andrew Cuomo announced $ 563 million in
funding nationwide to create and subsidize 6,583 units of rental housing for the
elderly. New York State's share totals $ 70 million for 703 units.

LOAD-DATE: December 15, 1998

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                        Copyright 1998 Daily News, L.P.


                             139 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                             India Investment News

                      January 3, 2017 Tuesday 6:30 AM EST

Alpha-Barnes Real Estate Services Expands Senior Management Team

LENGTH: 417  words


Jan. 3 -- Alpha-Barnes Real Estate Services, a leader in the real estate
management and development field, today announced that Hugh A. Cobb will join
the firm as a principal. Founded in 1990, Alpha-Barnes offers a comprehensive
suite of services including: multi-family development and acquisition,
conventional and affordable multi-family property management, and government
housing program compliance.

Cobb most recently served as chief operating officer for Capstone Real Estate
Services. He has been in the property management industry since 1985.  He has
directly and indirectly supervised hundreds of thousands of units. His
experience includes new construction (lease-up and stabilized management), value
added rehabs, affordable housing, office buildings, retail centers and more.

With more than 20,000 units in 150 properties under management, Alpha-Barnes has
continued to rapidly expand its business. In 2016, the firm ranked number 18 in
the "Affordable 100" rankings compiled by the National Affordable Housing
Management Association, up from number 35 just a year earlier.

Cobb joins principals Jeff Barnes, Stephen Barnes and Mike Clark, a management
team at Alpha-Barnes with more than 100 combined years of experience in the
field of real estate management and development.  They possess exceptional
experience and success few firms can equal.

"Our company is in a growth mode with exciting opportunities to grow every
aspect of our multi-family rental housing business in Texas," said Jeff Barnes,
Alpha-Barnes principal. "Hugh's experience, reputation and industry contacts
will be invaluable as we move our company to the next level."

"This was a rare opportunity to obtain an equity position in a highly respected
company with a solid management team in place, and with a platform that is
poised to continue to grow," said Cobb. "There are tremendous opportunities in
the affordable housing field as well as in market rate properties both for
development and management. Alpha-Barnes has both the team and track record to
take advantage of these opportunities."

"There are continuing growth opportunities in the multi-family-management
field," said Mike Clark, Alpha-Barnes principal. "Our team has long-term
experience in managing the complexities associated with maximizing the value of
an owner's asset in today's intensely competitive market as well as the critical
nature of governmental compliance in the various affordable housing programs."

Source: Alpha-Barnes Real Estate Services

LOAD-DATE: January 4, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


                           Copyright 2017 Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                             140 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                 The Foothills Sun-Gazette (Exeter, California)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                               February 13, 2013

Non-profit builds bettor housing in the foothills;
Tax-credit apartments offer safe, clean environment for low-income families in
Ivanhoe, Woodlake

BYLINE: The Foothills Sun-Gazette staff

LENGTH: 663  words


It has always been difficult for low-income families to find standard housing in
the rural towns of Tulare County. It's the reason Self Help Enterprises was bom
out of a project to help migrant laborers in Goshen more than four decades ago.
Many private companies have entered the market since then as more families dip
below the poverty line during an economy still in decline.

One company making a difference in the lives of farmworkers throughout the
foothills is Corporation For Better Housing (CFBH). On Feb. 2, CFBH held an open
house for its new Linda Vista Apartments in Ivanhoe. Manager Danny Sanchez said
the 76-unit apartment complex at 15999 Avenue 327 just south of Highway 216
opened units for rent in mid-January. Sanchez said Linda Vista includes a
courtyard, park, tot lots, playground, barbecue pits, full-court basketball
court, community clubhouse and a laundry room. Sanchez said a portion of the
clubhouse will include a 12-station computer lab, where CFBH will work with a
local group to provide afterschool programming for children living there. There
are even five, prepiped planter boxes near the park area where residents can
grow their own vegetables.

"It's a very nice project that is great for the area," said Sanchez, who is a
full-time, on-site manager.

Depending on income eligibility, three bedroom, two bathroom units range from
$402-$700 per month; two bedroom, one bathroom from $350-S608; and one bedroom
from $291-$507. All prices include a portion of utilities, such as gas and
electric. CFBH President Jake Lingo the $14.8 million tax credit project was
built with Tulare County Neighborhood Stabilization Funds, California HOME loans
and redevelopment funding.

Lingo said the apartments are GreenPoint Rated, an environmental/community
reating system for developments in California. All appliances installed in the
units are EnergyStar rated to help keep the complex's utility costs down.

"Ivanhoe hasn't had any new multi-family housing built in the last 15-20 years,"
Lingo said. "There was a huge need for this project in that community."

Construction is also underway for a similar project in Wood-lake. Lingo said
CFBH is building a 95-unit apartment complex called Bravo Village at 444 Ropes
Avenue just west of Acacia Street. The $16.5 million tax credit First phase of
60 units was funded by the City of Wood-lake through the State's HOME loan
application program and the federal Affordable Housing Program. Rental
assistance is being provided by the U.S. Department of Agriculture's Rural
Development Department. Low income residents can rent an apartment for as little
as $300 for a one bedroom and $850 for a three bedroom.

"Through the rental assistance, no resident will pay more than 30% of their
monthly income," Lingo said.

A second phase of 35 units is also scheduled for Bravo Village sometime in the
near future as soon as funding is available. Like Linda Vista in Ivanhoe, the
project will include tot lots, playground, community clubhouse, barbecue pits, a
park area and a full-time, on-site manager.

"Families in the Central Valley are in dire need of low-income housing," Lingo
said. "Our goal is to provide quality housing that is state-of-the-art with the
resources available to us."

Bravo Village is CFBH's second project in Woodlake. The company opened Woodlake
Sierra Apartments, 702 W. Sierra Ave. behind Woodlake High School in 2009. The
$15.5 million project created 68 affordable units in five garden style walk up
buildings with Traditional Craftsman design.

Corporation for Better Housing's mission is to provide low to moderate income
seniors and families with safe, quality affordable housing, coordinated access
to enhanced social service programs, and the dignity and peace of mind which
create a better living environment. Since its founding in 1995, Corporation for
Better Housing has completed 36 projects totaling 2, 610 units, with another 8
developments currently under construction consisting of 568 units.

LOAD-DATE: September 20, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Business

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: FSG

                      Copyright 2013 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                    Copyright 2013 The Foothills Sun-Gazette


                             141 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                        Calgary Herald (Alberta, Canada)

                     January 29, 2001 Monday FINAL EDITION

Housing shortage leaves hundreds without shelter

BYLINE: Michael Lau, Calgary Herald

SECTION: CITY, Pg. B1 / FRONT

LENGTH: 618 words


People who find jobs but not affordable housing in Calgary account for at least
a third of the city's homeless, say officials.

"There's lots of work, it's just housing is a problem," said Dermot Baldwin,
executive director of Calgary Drop-In Centre.

"If we had housing, we'd be able to reduce homeless numbers by 33 per cent. At
least, that's our experience in this centre. These people are working but they
have no place to live."

There are about 1,100 people in Calgary's homeless shelters, including the
Drop-In Centre, Salvation Army and Mustard Seed.

Judging by the meagre volume of rental construction last year, the housing
shortage will continue for some time.

In all, there were just 24 new multi-family housing units destined for Calgary's
rental market in 2000.

The biggest cause of the dwindling rental inventory is conversion.

More than 800 units went from rental to condominium ownership last year and
another 600 will make the switch by the end of 2001. Other losses came through
demolition and renovation for different market uses.

However, the federal government recently announced $2 million in new funding for
three local agencies to help the homeless.

The Salvation Army's new Centre of Hope will receive $1.3 million toward
construction of a new building.

The YWCA Family Violence Prevention Centre & Sheriff King Home will garner
$500,000 to create a family violence counselling centre and expand the number of
beds.

Calgary Urban Projects Society (CUPS) will be awarded $ 225,000 to provide
emergency funds for people in danger of becoming homeless.

In November, the Calgary Homeless Foundation and Alberta government unveiled $1
million in funding for the Drop-In Centre and Salvation Army.

Mario Siciliano, co-director for YWCA & Sheriff King Home, said many Calgarians
left homeless are women and children fleeing domestic violence.

"There's an invisible homeless, is what we call them -- that's the women and
children who are homeless because of family violence," said Siciliano.

"They can't stay where their home is because their lives are in danger, so
they're forced to try to get into shelters. But shelters are often full and over
capacity, so it often can force these women and children into a homeless
situation, or even worse, staying in the house which can be sometimes even more
dangerous than some other alternatives."

In 1999, for example, Sheriff King housed 750 women and children but turned away
3,058 others, he said. "We are currently able to house 20 per cent of the
demand."

According to recent studies, about 80 per cent of Calgary's homeless is male, up
to 20 per cent are aboriginal and 51 per cent are between the ages of 25 and 44.

About 45 per cent of the homeless abuse substances and 30 per cent are mentally
ill. Of those, 15 per cent suffer from both substance abuse and mental illness.

Studies have also shown the number of homeless in Calgary has grown steadily
over the past nine years.

Last May, the city's social research unit counted 1,296 homeless people in
Calgary, living in shelters and on the street.

That was up from 988 homeless people in 1998, 615 in 1996, 461 in 1994 and 447
in 1992.

"The broad cause is poverty -- there are many causes of poverty," said Terry
Roberts, the homeless foundation's executive director.

The causes include mental illness, job loss, people moving to Calgary and
running out of money, substance abuse, family break-up, and rising rent and
utilities, said Roberts.

The definition of homeless is someone who lacks a fixed regular adequate night
time residence or whose residence is a supervised public or privately-operated
shelter.

LOAD-DATE: January 29, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: General

               Copyright 2001 CanWest Interactive, a division of
                      CanWest Global Communications Corp.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             142 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               New York Observer

                              June 2, 2014 Monday

Too Damn High? Brooklyn Homeowner Ordered to House Homeless Tenant for Free

BYLINE: dispatches

LENGTH: 313 words


The rent isn't too damn high. In fact, for one homeless lady, the rent was
non-existent.

Mr. McMillan might have to reconsider. (Photo: Pool/Getty)

For one homeless woman, the rent isn't too damn high. In fact, for her most
recent digs, it was non-existent.

In a lawsuit against the New York City Housing Authority, a Brooklyn homeowner,
Patrice James, 40, alleged that the Housing Authority forced her to provide a
year of free housing to a formerly homeless woman.

The tenant, Amy Chambliss, signed a two-year Section 8 lease at $1,134 per month
for the upstairs unit of Ms. James' multi-family East Flatbush home in 2003.
After Ms. Chambliss lost her Section 8 status in 2004, the homeowner took her to
landlord-tenant court.

But NYCHA convinced the Brooklyn judge they were working to reinstate Chambliss'
subsidies, meaning the landlord had to house her homeless guest for free,
according to the New York Post.

Ms. Chambliss' Section 8 status, however, was never renewed.

"The tenant got a free apartment and NYCHA got free housing for the tenant - but
I'm out the money!" Ms. James lamented.

Ms. James' bank account was not all that took a hit. The tenant left the unit
rat-infested and covered in trash, leading Ms. James to sue the NYCHA in
Brooklyn Supreme court for $48,216 to cover rent, renovation costs, and legal
fees.

NYCHA reps declined to comment for the Post story.

The case, while unprecedented in its extreme nature, points to the disconnect
between the judicial and administrative branch of the NYCHA's rental assistance
program. Through the city's Department of Homeless Services, homeless people
facing eviction are entitled to free legal representation, but the agency's
action after court remains muddled, as Ms. James' rat-infested apartment shows.

Maybe next time the landlord should take a hint from the trendy young people and
rent her house on Airbnb instead.

LOAD-DATE: June 2, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2014 The New York Observer, L.P.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             143 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                      Copyright 2016 Zoom Information Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                            Zoom Company Information

                                   July 2016

                                     HANDS

* * * * * * * * * * COMMUNICATIONS * * * * * * * * * *
URL: www.cflhands.org

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *

   HANDS was founded to assist Central Florida communities to increase the
supply and availability of affordable housing, both rental and ownership. HANDS
achieves this mission by providing the following services:   A Resource
web-directory offering housing information and referral services to Central
Florida residents about affordable housing alternatives available to them. As a
HUD-Certified Housing Counseling Agency, HANDS offers counseling services in
group or One-on-One sessions which cover: Pre-purchase, Post-Purchase,
Budget/Credit analysis, Foreclosure or Default counseling, Home Equity Reverse
Mortgage Counseling and Rental/Landlord Tenant Counseling. Technical assistance
and information to developers, builders and others interested in affordable
housing in Central Florida. Assistance to Central Florida governments in
implementation of the affordable housing element of their Consolidated Plans;
and As a Community Housing Development Agency (Federally Approved Housing
Developer) HANDS develops affordable single and multi-family housing units.
HANDS owns over 880 affordable rent units in three counties and builds 5-10
single family homes on scattered lots annually.  In accomplishing this mission,
HANDS works to establish partnerships with other non-profits organizations,
governments and the business community to build, acquire, and rehabilitate and
manage low cost housing units which are sold or rented to individuals and
families well below market rate.

LOAD-DATE: July 14, 2016


                             144 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                      Copyright 2016 Zoom Information Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                            Zoom Company Information

                                   July 2016

                                     HANDS

* * * * * * * * * * COMMUNICATIONS * * * * * * * * * *
URL: www.handsorlando.org

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *

   HANDS was founded to assist Central Florida communities to increase the
supply and availability of affordable housing, both rental and ownership. HANDS
achieves this mission by providing the following services:   A Resource
web-directory offering housing information and referral services to Central
Florida residents about affordable housing alternatives available to them. As a
HUD-Certified Housing Counseling Agency, HANDS offers counseling services in
group or One-on-One sessions which cover: Pre-purchase, Post-Purchase,
Budget/Credit analysis, Foreclosure or Default counseling, Home Equity Reverse
Mortgage Counseling and Rental/Landlord Tenant Counseling. Technical assistance
and information to developers, builders and others interested in affordable
housing in Central Florida. Assistance to Central Florida governments in
implementation of the affordable housing element of their Consolidated Plans;
and As a Community Housing Development Agency (Federally Approved Housing
Developer) HANDS develops affordable single and multi-family housing units.
HANDS owns over 880 affordable rent units in three counties and builds 5-10
single family homes on scattered lots annually.  In accomplishing this mission,
HANDS works to establish partnerships with other non-profits organizations,
governments and the business community to build, acquire, and rehabilitate and
manage low cost housing units which are sold or rented to individuals and
families well below market rate.

LOAD-DATE: July 14, 2016


                             145 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                   New Orleans CityBusiness (New Orleans, LA)

                                  June 8, 2009

Rental revival: New Orleans area's ability to absorb affordable housing glut
hinges on job market

BYLINE: Tommy Santora

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 834  words


Affordable rental housing is on the upswing in New Orleans, and apartment
developers hope they can find enough tenants who fill the new offerings.

New construction since Hurricane Katrina will bring 2,000 units on line. Most of
the projects are designated as mixed-income housing, which combines affordable
and market rate units.

Despite reports that the metropolitan area has lost 3,000 jobs since last April,
apartment developers and managers are confident they will fill most of their
vacancies. Once that inventory is absorbed, the current decline in rental rates
and occupancy will be reversed, said Larry Schedler, president of a multi-family
property transaction firm in Metairie.

"If we can continually create jobs in this market, then we can fuel apartment
absorption and development," Schedler said.

Roughly 700 affordable units and 1,150 market rate units will be added to the
area's apartment inventory, according to the 13th annual Greater New Orleans
Multi-Family Report, a joint product of Schedler's company, Madderra & Cazalot
and The Multi-Family Advisory Group.

Mark Madderra, co-owner of mortgage banking firm Madderra & Cazalot, said the
flurry of mixed income developments are the result of post-Katrina tax credits,
community block grants and other financial incentives. Of the eight recent
mixed-income projects listed in the report, six are in downtown New Orleans, one
is in eastern New Orleans and one is in Slidell.

"They are logical places for our disaster resources to go, to put these
resources back where disasters took place, replacing what was lost with
something better," Madderra said.

Developers are obtaining money to build affordable rental housing through the
federal Low Income Housing Tax Credit program, which targets families with
income less than 60 percent of the area's median salary.

In New Orleans, that prices one-bedroom affordable units at $576 per month and
two bedrooms at $696.

David Abbenante, HRI Properties president of residential property management,
estimates people will be paying about 30 percent of their income on rent and
utilities for new affordable units, down from about 45 percent at their previous
apartments.

Although some renters may rely on government subsidies, Abbenante said there
should not be a stigma attached to the term "affordable housing. "

"When people hear the words 'affordable housing,' they immediately think of
these inferior complexes that people are renting for free, and that's just not
the case with these units coming on line now in New Orleans," Abbenante said.

The low-income tax credits allowed developers to build market-rate apartments
within the same complex. At the latest phase of HRI's River Garden, market rates
are $895 for a one-bedroom unit and $1,240 for two bedrooms.

"They are being leased up as they are built," Abbenante said. "We have a lot of
leasing momentum. ...The renter has more and better choices in the market right
now because of these units. Affordable units are the hottest moving units in the
market right now. "

HRI also manages the Cypress Manor II apartment complex near Interstate 10 and
Carrollton Avenue, where all 48 units are designated affordable. It took about
90 days to reach full occupancy after the complex was completed Feb. 1,
Abbenante said. Cypress Manor II tenants have an average annual income of
$22,000.

Schedler said the New Orleans apartment market is starting to see the effects of
increased supply and competition. According to the GNO Multi-Family report,
metro occupancy rates averaged 87 percent, a 5 percent decline from the fall
2008 report. Monthly rental rates averaged $842, a $21 decrease from the fall.

"The findings of our report show a market that is in the process of absorbing
additional inventory from both new construction as well as some remaining
rehabilitations of Katrina damaged properties," Schedler said. "Over the next
six months, rental and occupancy rates will continue to reflect the absorption
of this new inventory. "

Abbenante said the biggest effect the new units will have on the market is on
the area's aging units and those that have not been rehabbed in the past 10 to
15 years.

"I call them tired units," he said. "They were built awhile ago, survived
Katrina and have not received a facelift in awhile, and those units are a little
soft in the market ... because higher-quality and brand new units for similar
prices are coming on line. "

Brian Gibbs, developer of the 21-story apartment building under construction at
930 Poydras St., said the bigger challenge apartment managers face is whether
people want to rent or buy in New Orleans regardless of the price. For that to
happen, the city has to continue addressing quality of life issues.

"If that happens, then all of these developments will complement what the city
has to offer, and the developments will take care of themselves," Gibbs said.
"Density in the market is a good thing. Whatever can bring people to this city,
to live and work, is a good thing for our entire market. "

LOAD-DATE: June 9, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: General news

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2009 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved


                             146 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            February 8, 2016 Monday

Federal Register: Capital Magnet Fund

LENGTH: 15737  words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Washington: Office of the Federal Register has issued the following notice:





DEPARTMENT OF THE TREASURY
Community Development Financial Institutions Fund
12 CFR Part 1807
RIN 1559-AA00
Capital Magnet Fund
AGENCY: Community Development Financial Institutions Fund, Department
of the Treasury.
ACTION: Interim rule with request for public comment.


-----------------------------------------------------------------------
SUMMARY: The Department of the Treasury is issuing an interim rule
implementing the Capital Magnet Fund (CMF), administered by the
Community Development Financial Institutions Fund (CDFI Fund). This
interim rule incorporates updates to the definitions, requirements and
parameters for CMF implementation and administration. In addition,
sections of the CMF interim rule regarding certain definitions and
project level requirements are revised in order to facilitate alignment
with other federal housing programs and ease of administration. These
revisions are modeled after the credit requirements for Low Income
Housing Credits (LIHTCs) under section 42 of the Internal Revenue Code
of 1986, as amended, and the program requirements of the HOME
Investment Partnership Program (HOME Program) authorized under Title II
of the Cranston-Gonzalez National Affordable Housing Act, as amended,
and the HOME Program final rule published on July 24, 2013.
    This interim rule also reflects requirements set forth in a final
rule, Uniform Administrative Requirements, Cost Principles and Audit
Requirements for Federal Awards, adopted by the Department of the
Treasury on December 19, 2014 (hereafter referred to as the Uniform
Administrative Requirements). The Uniform Administrative Requirements
constitute a government-wide framework for grants management codified
by the Office of Management and Budget (OMB), combining several OMB
grants management circulars aimed at reducing the administrative burden
for Recipients, and reducing the risk of waste, fraud and abuse of
Federal financial assistance. The Uniform Administrative Requirements
establish financial, administrative, procurement, and program
management standards with which Federal award-making programs,
including those administered by the CDFI Fund, and Recipients must
comply. Accordingly, this interim rule includes revisions necessary to
implement the Uniform Administrative Requirements, as well as to make
certain technical corrections and certain programmatic updates, as well
as provide clarifying language to existing program requirements.
DATES: Effective date: February 8, 2016. All comments must be written
and must be received in the offices of the CDFI Fund on or before April
8, 2016. The compliance date requirements for the collection of
information in Sec.  1807.902 is stayed indefinitely, pending Office of
Management and Budget approval and assignment of an OMB control number.
ADDRESSES: You may submit comments concerning this interim rule via the
Federal e-Rulemaking Portal at http://www.regulations.gov (please
follow the instructions for submitting comments). All submissions must
include the agency name and Regulatory Information Number (RIN) for
this rulemaking. Information regarding the CDFI Fund and its programs
may be obtained through the CDFI Fund's Web site at http://www.cdfifund.gov.
FOR FURTHER INFORMATION CONTACT: Marcia Sigal, CMF Program Manager,
Community Development Financial Institutions Fund, at
cdfihelp@cdfi.treas.gov
SUPPLEMENTARY INFORMATION:
I. Background
    The Capital Magnet Fund (CMF) was established through the Housing
and Economic Recovery Act of 2008 (the Act), Public Law 110-289,
section 1131, as a trust fund, the appropriation to which was used to
carry out a competitive grant program administered by the CDFI Fund.
The mission of the CDFI Fund is to increase economic opportunity and
promote community development investments for underserved populations
and in distressed communities in the United States. Its long term
vision is an America in which all people have access to affordable
credit, capital and financial services.
    The Act requires Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac to set aside an amount
equal to 4.2 basis points for each dollar of their unpaid principal
balances of total new business purchases to be allocated to the Housing
Trust Fund (administered by the Department of Housing and Urban
Development) and the Capital Magnet Fund. The Act also provides the
Federal Housing Finance Agency (FHFA) with the authority to temporarily
suspend these allocations upon certain findings. On November 13, 2008,
the Director of the FHFA temporarily suspended the allocation of funds.
On December 11, 2014, the Director of the FHFA terminated the temporary
suspension of those allocations, directing Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac
to begin setting aside and allocating funds to the Housing Trust Fund
and the Capital Magnet Fund. Accordingly, the CDFI Fund is promulgating
this revised interim rule in anticipation of future Capital Magnet Fund
application rounds.
    Through the CMF, the CDFI Fund is authorized to make financial
assistance grants to Certified Community Development Financial
Institutions (CDFIs) and Nonprofit Organizations (if one of their
principal purposes is the development or management of affordable
housing). CMF Awards must be used to attract private financing for and
increase investment in: (i) The Development, Preservation,
Rehabilitation, and Purchase of Affordable Housing for primarily
Extremely Low-, Very Low-, and Low-Income Families; and (ii) Economic
Development Activities which, In Conjunction With Affordable Housing
Activities will implement a Concerted Strategy to stabilize or
revitalize a Low-Income Area or Underserved Rural Area.
    All capitalized terms herein are defined in the definitions section
of the interim rule, as set forth in 12 CFR 1807.104.
II. Comments on the December 3, 2010, Interim Rule
    The comment period for the December 3, 2010, Interim Rule ended on
February 1, 2011. The CDFI Fund received one written comment. The
commenter asserted that the December 3, 2010, Interim Rule did not
allow market-based Section 8 vouchers to be used to satisfy CMF
affordability requirements and that the interim rule should make clear
that, in the event a tenant or a unit in a Multi-family housing project
receives a Federal or State rental subsidy, the maximum rent that can
be charged is the amount allowable under such program. The commenter
suggested that the interim rule should provide for a rent floor of the
project's initial rents, in the event median incomes decrease. The
commenter also suggested that the rent limitation should be adjusted by
the number of bedrooms in the unit.
    In this revised interim rule (at 12 CFR 1807.401(a) and (e)), the
CDFI Fund incorporates the commenter's suggestions regarding Federal or
State rental subsidy and the creation of a rent floor for projects. The
CDFI Fund also adopts the commenter's suggestion that rent limitations
be adjusted by the
[[Page 6435]]
number of bedrooms in the unit (12 CFR 1807.401(a)).
III. Summary of Changes
    Substantive revisions to the interim rule (meaning, revisions other
than the insertion of new language that clarifies existing program
requirements) fall generally into three categories: (i) Adoption of
policy priorities, programmatic changes/clarifications, and technical
corrections; (ii) alignment with the Uniform Administrative
Requirements; and (iii) alignment with HOME Program requirements and
with requirements to qualify for LIHTCs.
    Recent efforts supported by the White House Rental Housing Policy
Working Group, which established joint working groups comprised of
staff from the U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development (HUD),
the U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA), and the U.S. Department of
the Treasury have highlighted the need for alignment amongst federally
subsidized affordable housing program requirements. The CDFI Fund has
determined that Recipients' use of CMF Awards better aligns with LIHTCs
(as opposed to benefits under the HOME Program) in several key
respects, specifically with regard to Project-level requirements. Thus,
this interim rule incorporates some requirements to qualify for LIHTCs
and removes certain requirements that, in the December 10, 2010, CMF
Program interim rule, were modeled after the HOME Program.
    A. Section 1807.101, Summary: ``Community Service Facilities'' has
been stricken as a stand-alone activity; instead, Community Service
Facilities is embedded in the definition of Economic Development
Activities. Per the Uniform Administrative Requirements, the use of the
word ``Awardee'' is replaced with ``Recipient,'' and any reference to a
CMF grant is replaced with ``CMF Award'' as defined in the definitions
section, 12 CFR 1807.104.
    B. Section 1807.102, Relationship to other CDFI Programs: The
requirement for a Certified CDFI to be an operating entity for three
years prior to the application deadline has been deleted; instead, this
subsection establishes that restrictions for using CMF Awards in
conjunction with other CDFI Program awards will be set forth in the
applicable notices of funds, guarantee, or allocation availability.
    C. Section 1807.104, Definitions: As noted above, the defined term
``Awardee'' is deleted and replaced with the new defined term
``Recipient.'' The term ``Applicant'' is now defined. The term ``CMF
Award'' is now defined. The term ``Development'' is revised to clarify
that any combination of the listed activities that result in Affordable
Housing is ``Development.'' The term ``Direct Administrative Expenses''
is now defined. The definition of the term ``Economic Development
Activity'' is revised by striking ``purchase''; the term
``acquisition'' is used instead. The term ``Effective Date'' is now
defined. ``Eligible Income'' is revised to provide adjustments for
Family size. ``Eligible Project Costs'' is revised to strike
``operations'' as an eligible use of CMF Awards. ``Extremely Low-
Income'' is revised to align with income limits published by HUD,
including adjustments for Family size in the case of Homeownership. The
defined term ``Family'' or ``Families'' is revised by removing the
income categories to describe the household. The defined term
``Homeownership'' is updated and restructured based on HOME Program
regulations. The defined term ``Housing'' is also revised to reflect
HOME Program regulation updates. The defined term ``Housing'' is used
in several places throughout the regulations to signify the intent of
the defined term. Some of the structures and facilities excluded from
the definition of Housing may meet the definition of Community Service
Facilities. The term ``In Conjunction With Affordable Housing
Activities'' has been modified in order to be consistent with standards
in other CDFI Fund Programs that fund projects and activities based on
proximity to intended beneficiaries and/or assessment of access to
services for individuals intended to benefit from such programs (e.g.,
Healthy Foods Financing Initiative Financial Assistance under the CDFI
Program). The term ``Investment Period'' is defined in Sec.  1807.104.
The term ``Leveraged Costs'' is revised to clarify that such costs are
limited to Affordable Housing Activities and Economic Development
Activities that exceed the dollar amount of the CMF Award. ``Loan
Guarantee'' is revised to clarify that a loan that is guaranteed with
the CMF Award must be used for Affordable Housing Activities and/or
Economic Development Activities. ``Loan Loss Reserves'' is revised to
clarify that cash reserves set aside to cover losses must be for
Affordable Housing Activities and/or Economic Development Activities.
The term ``Low-Income'' is revised to align with income limits
published by HUD, including adjustments for Family size in the case of
Homeownership. In the case of rental Housing, ``Low-Income'' is revised
to allow for circumstances in which the qualifying Family occupies a
unit that has a Federal or State rental subsidy. The term ``Non-
Metropolitan Area'' is revised to align with and accommodate the OMB
definition, which is periodically updated. The term ``Non-Regulated
CDFI'' is deleted because it is not used in the interim rule. The term
``Operations'' is deleted in Sec.  1807.104 since it is no longer an
eligible activity in Sec.  1807.301; a new term ``Direct Administrative
Expenses'' is defined in Sec.  1807.104. A new term, ``Payment'' is
defined to describe the transmission of CMF Award dollars from the CDFI
Fund to the Recipient. ``Preservation'' is revised to specify that
refinancing must extend the existing affordability and use restrictions
on the property by a minimum of 10 years or as otherwise specified in
the Assistance Agreement. ``Program Income'' is defined to align with
the Uniform Administrative Requirements. ``Project'' is defined to mean
the Affordable Housing Activity and/or Economic Development Activity
that is financed with a CMF Award. The term ``Purchase'' is revised to
clarify that the purchasing Family and Single-family housing must meet
the qualifications set forth in subparts D and E. ``Underserved Rural
Area'' is restructured and revised to serve intended populations per
the statute and allow the CDFI Fund to set forth an alternative
definition of ``Underserved Rural Area'' for any given application
round in the applicable NOFA and/or Assistance Agreement. ``Uniform
Administrative Requirements'' is defined in Sec.  1807.104 to reflect
the Department of the Treasury's codification of the Office of
Management and Budget's government-wide framework for grants
management. The definition of the term ``Very Low-Income'' is revised
to align with income limits published by HUD, including adjustments for
Family size in the case of Homeownership.
    D. Section 1807.107, Applicability of regulations for CMF awards:
Section 1807.107 was added to address the applicability of this rule to
the FY 2010 CMF application round and subsequent application rounds.
The CDFI Fund has determined that this rule applies only to those CMF
awards made pursuant to Notices of Funds Availability (NOFAs) published
after the effective date of this interim rule, except for Sec.
1807.902(e)(1)(i) regarding audited financial statements of Nonprofit
Organization Recipients. As indicated at 2 CFR 200.110, the Uniform
Administrative Requirements, subpart F--Audit Requirements applies to
audits of Nonprofits of fiscal years
[[Page 6436]]
beginning on or after December 26, 2014.
    E. Section 1807.200, Applicant eligibility: In Sec.
1807.200(a)(1), the eligibility requirement that a certifiable CDFI can
apply is deleted because the CDFI Fund has determined that most
Applicants can meet the program's eligibility requirements by being
either a Certified CDFI or a Nonprofit Organization. The eligibility
requirements for a Nonprofit Organization are revised in Sec.
1807.200(a)(2)(iii) to no longer allow an entity to demonstrate its
principal purpose of development or management of affordable housing
through its staffing. Section 1807.200(a)(2)(iii) also states that the
applicable Notice of Funds Availability (NOFA) will indicate the
percentage of a Nonprofit Organization Applicant's assets that must be
dedicated to the development or management of affordable housing.
Section 1807.200(b) is also revised to reflect these eligibility
modifications.
    F. Subpart C, Use of Funds/Eligible activities: Section 1807.300 is
revised to clarify that Recipients must use their CMF Awards for the
financing-related eligible activities set forth in Sec.  1807.301 to
attract private capital and increase investment in those activities in
Sec.  1807.300(a) and (b). Revisions to Sec.  1807.300(b) reinforce the
requirement that when a Recipient undertakes Economic Development
Activities In Conjunction With Affordable Housing Activities, the
Recipient must track and report on such Affordable Housing Activities
if it was financed with a CMF Award. Sections 1807.300 and 1807.301 are
revised by deleting ``Community Service Facilities'' as a stand-alone
eligible activity; instead, ``Community Service Facilities'' is
embedded in the definition of Economic Development Activities. As such,
this term is deleted as a technical correction throughout the interim
rule, when appropriate. Sections 1807.301 and 1807.302 are revised to
eliminate ``operations'' as an eligible activity. The content of former
Sec.  1807.302(c) is now located in Sec.  1807.302(b); the content of
Sec.  1807.302(d) is now located in Sec.  1807.302(c). New Sec.
1807.302(d) and (e) are added to clarify certain tracking and repayment
requirements for Recipients that use CMF Award for Loan Guarantees or
Loan Loss Reserves. Section 1807.302(f) states that Recipients may not
use more than five (5) percent of its CMF Award for Direct
Administrative Expenses. Section 1807.303 is added to address Program
Income requirements.
    G. Subpart D, Qualification as Affordable Housing: Section 1807.400
is revised to indicate that the CDFI Fund may establish greater
commitments for deeper income targeting attributable to Eligible
Project Costs in the applicable NOFA and/or Assistance Agreement.
Section 1807.401 is revised in order to make general program
clarifications and establish certain program requirements, many of
which align with the requirements of the LIHTC Program and the HOME
Program. For example, language was added to Sec.  1807.401 to allow the
CDFI Fund to set forth in the applicable NOFA requirements for
successful applicants to serve targeted incomes that exceed the
requirements of Sec.  1807.401. The rent limitation in Sec.
1807.401(a) is revised to align with requirements to qualify for LIHTCs
and to account for rental subsidies in each of the income categories.
Section 1807.401(c) and (e) are revised to align with requirements to
qualify for LIHTCs. Section 1807.401(f) is revised to align with the
HOME Program regulations' elimination of the U.S. Census long form for
annual income determinations. Thus, the content of the former Sec.
1807.401(f)(2)(i) is deleted and the content of the former Sec.
1807.401(f)(2)(ii) is now located in Sec.  1807.401(f)(2)(i).
Similarly, the content of the former Sec.  1807.401(f)(2)(iii) has
moved up and is now located in Sec.  1807.401(f)(2)(ii). Section
1807.401(g)(2) is revised to clarify rent restrictions when rent is
subject to IRC sections 42(g)(2) and 42(h)(6). Section 1807.401(g)(3)
is revised to clarify that any replacement unit must meet the
affordability qualifications for the income category of the unit that
is being replaced. Section 1807.402(a) and (b) are revised by replacing
``acquisition'' with ``Purchase'' to reflect the use of the new defined
term. Section 1807.402(a)(5) is revised to clarify that, in the event
of resale of CMF-financed Single-family housing to a non-qualifying
family before the 10-year affordability period ends, the Recipient must
use an equivalent amount of the CMF Award used for the applicable
Affordable Housing Activity, whether recouped or not, to finance
additional Affordable Housing Activities for a qualifying Family in the
same income category for Homeownership.
    H. Subpart E, Leveraging and Commitment Requirement: Section
1807.500(b) is revised to include the Assistance Agreement as a source
for the required percentage of Leveraged Costs that must be funded by
non-governmental sources. Section 1807.500(a)(1) is deleted because
``operations'' is no longer an eligible activity and defined term.
Accordingly, the former Sec.  1807.500(a)(2) is now Sec.
1807.500(b)(2) and former Sec.  1807.500(a)(3) is now Sec.
1807.500(b)(2)(ii). Section 1807.500(b)(2)(iii) was added to address
eligible Leveraged Costs for Economic Development Activities. The
content of former Sec.  1807.500(b) is deleted. Section 1807.501(a) is
revised and section 1807.501(b) is added to account for the eligible
activity ``Purchase'' to a qualifying Family, and Sec.  1807.501(b)(3)
is added to provide more accountability regarding Project Completion.
Section 1807.501(c) and (d) are added to align with the Uniform
Administrative Requirements regarding Payments. Section 1807.503 is
revised to include property standards necessary to ensure that CMF
Awards are invested in structures and units that are sound, decent,
safe and sanitary; such standards are largely adopted from the HOME
Program and the requirements to qualify for LIHTCs. Section
1807.503(a)(4) is added to address Project Completion in the case of
Preservation. The content of the former Sec.  1807.503(b)(2) is now
located in Sec.  1807.503(b)(2)(i) and a new Sec.  1807.503(b)(2)(ii)
is added to address disaster mitigation in regards to Project
Completion. Section 1807.503(b)(2)(iii) is added to address lead-based
paint. The content of former Sec.  1807.503(b)(3) is now moved to Sec.
1807.503(b)(4) and incorporates recent HOME Program updates. Thus,
Sec.  1807.503(b)(3) contains new content regarding Rehabilitation
standards. The content of former Sec.  1807.503(c) is moved to Sec.
1807.503(a)(3).
    I. Subpart F, Tracking Requirements: Section 1807.601 is renamed
and revised to reflect that the Uniform Administrative Requirements
apply to all CMF Awards and sets forth the CDFI Fund's policy that
indirect costs are not allowed. Section 1807.602 also establishes the
circumstances in which a CMF Award loses its so-called ``Federal
character.'' Section 1807.602 is also revised to clarify that CMF
Awards are Federal financial assistance for purposes of the
applicability of Federal civil rights laws.
    J. Subpart H, Evaluation and Selection of Applications: In Sec.
1807.800(c)(3) ``blight'' is deleted as an ambiguous term.
    K. Subpart I, Terms and Conditions of Assistance: Section
1807.900(c) is revised to clarify statutory requirements regarding
notice and hearing. To align with the Uniform Administrative
Requirements, Sec.  1807.901 ``Disbursement of funds'' is renamed
``Payment of funds'' to reflect the transmission of CMF Award dollars
[[Page 6437]]
from the CDFI Fund to the Recipient as a ``Payment.'' Section
1807.902(d) and (e) are revised to accommodate the audit requirements
of the Uniform Administrative Requirements. Pursuant to revised Sec.
1807.902(e)(1), Nonprofit Organizations that are not required to have
their financial statements audited pursuant to the Uniform
Administrative Requirements may still be subject to additional audit
requirements, which will be set forth in the applicable NOFA and
Assistance Agreement. In addition, Sec.  1807.902(e)(2), ``Performance
Goal Reporting,'' is renamed as ``Annual Report'' and revised to
clarify and require the submission of performance and financial
reporting in the form of an annual report, as further specified in the
Assistance Agreement. Section 1807.902(e)(3) is added to clarify the
compliance requirements for Insured CDFIs, Depository Institution
Holding Companies, and State-Insured Credit Unions. Section
1807.902(e)(4) is added to convey that any reports under Sec.  1807.902
may be subject to public inspection per the Freedom of Information Act.
Section 1807.903 is revised to specify that in addition to all other
Federal, state, and local laws, Recipients shall also comply with all
applicable Federal environmental requirements.
IV. Rulemaking Analysis
A. Executive Order (E.O.) 12866
    It has been determined that this interim rule is not a significant
regulatory action under Executive Order 12866. Accordingly, a
regulatory impact assessment is not required.
B. Regulatory Flexibility Act
    Because no notice of proposed rulemaking is required under the
Administrative Procedure Act (5 U.S.C 553), or any other law, the
Regulatory Flexibility Act does not apply.
C. Paperwork Reduction Act
    The collections of information contained in this interim rule will
be reviewed and approved by the Office of Management and Budget (OMB)
in accordance with the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995 and assigned the
applicable, approved OMB Control Numbers associated with the CDFI Fund
under 1559-XXXX. An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is
not required to respond to, a collection of information unless it
displays a valid control number assigned by OMB. This document restates
the collections of information without substantive change.
D. National Environmental Policy Act
    This interim rule has been reviewed in accordance with the CDFI
Fund's environmental quality regulations (12 CFR part 1815),
promulgated pursuant to the National Environmental Protection Act of
1969 (NEPA), which requires that the CDFI Fund adequately consider the
cumulative impact proposed activities have upon the human environment.
It is the determination of the CDFI Fund that the interim rule does not
constitute a major federal action significantly affecting the quality
of the human environment and, in accordance with the NEPA and the CDFI
Fund's environmental quality regulations (12 CFR part 1815), neither an
Environmental Assessment nor an Environmental Impact Statement is
required.
E. Administrative Procedure Act
    Because the revisions to this interim rule relate to loans and
grants, notice and public procedure and a delayed effective date are
not required pursuant to the Administrative Procedure Act, 5 U.S.C.
553(a)(2).
F. Comment
    Public comment is solicited on all aspects of this interim rule.
The CDFI Fund will consider all comments made on the substance of this
interim rule, but it does not intend to hold hearings.
G. Catalogue of Federal Domestic Assistance Number
    Capital Magnet Fund--21.011.
List of Subjects in 12 CFR Part 1807
    Community development, Grant programs--housing and community
development, Reporting and record keeping requirements.
0
For the reasons set forth in the preamble, 12 CFR part 1807 is revised
to read as follows:
PART 1807--CAPITAL MAGNET FUND
Subpart A--General Provisions
Sec.
1807.100 Purpose.
1807.101 Summary.
1807.102 Relationship to other CDFI Fund programs.
1807.103 Recipient not instrumentality.
1807.104 Definitions.
1807.105 Waiver authority.
1807.106 OMB control number.
1807.107 Applicability of regulations for CMF Awards.
Subpart B--Eligibility
1807.200 Applicant eligibility.
Subpart C--Eligible Purposes; Eligible Activities; Restrictions
1807.300 Eligible purposes.
1807.301 Eligible activities.
1807.302 Restrictions on use of CMF Award.
1807.303 Authorized uses of Program Income.
Subpart D--Qualification as Affordable Housing
1807.400 Affordable Housing--general.
1807.401 Affordable Housing--Rental Housing.
1807.402 Affordable Housing--Homeownership.
Subpart E--Leveraged Costs; Eligible Project Costs; Commitment
Requirements
1807.500 Leveraged Costs; Eligible Project Costs.
1807.501 Commitments; Payments.
1807.502 CMF Award limits.
1807.503 Projection Completion; Property standards.
Subpart F--Tracking Funds; Uniform Administrative Requirements; Nature
of Funds
1807.600 Tracking funds.
1807.601 Uniform Administrative Requirements.
1807.602 Nature of funds.
Subpart G--Notice of Funds Availability; Applications
1807.700 Notice of funds availability.
Subpart H--Evaluation and Selection of Applications
1807.800 Evaluation and selection--general.
1807.801 Evaluation of applications.
Subpart I--Terms and Conditions of CMF Award
1807.900 Assistance agreement.
1807.901 Payment of funds.
1807.902 Data collection and reporting.
1807.903 Compliance with government requirements.
1807.904 Lobbying restrictions.
1807.905 Criminal provisions.
1807.906 CDFI Fund deemed not to control.
1807.907 Limitation on liability.
1807.908 Fraud, waste and abuse.
    Authority:  12 U.S.C. 4569.
Subpart A--General Provisions
Sec.  1807.100  Purpose.
    The purpose of the Capital Magnet Fund (CMF) is to attract private
capital for and increase investment in Affordable Housing Activities
and related Economic Development Activities.
Sec.  1807.101  Summary.
    (a) Through the CMF, the CDFI Fund competitively awards grants to
CDFIs and qualified Nonprofit Organizations to leverage dollars for:
    (1) The Development, Preservation, Rehabilitation or Purchase of
Affordable Housing primarily for Low-Income Families; and
[[Page 6438]]
    (2) Financing Economic Development Activities.
    (b) The CDFI Fund will select Recipients to receive CMF Awards
through a merit-based, competitive application process. CMF Awards may
only be used for eligible uses set forth in subpart C of this part.
Each Recipient will enter into an Assistance Agreement that will
require it to leverage the CMF Award amount and abide by other terms
and conditions pertinent to any assistance received under this part.
Sec.  1807.102  Relationship to other CDFI Fund programs.
    Restrictions on applying for, receiving, and using CMF Awards in
conjunction with awards under other programs administered by the CDFI
Fund (including, but not limited to, the Bank Enterprise Award Program,
the CDFI Program, the CDFI Bond Guarantee Program, the Native American
CDFI Assistance (NACA) Program, and the New Markets Tax Credit Program)
are as set forth in the applicable Notice of Funds Availability, Notice
of Guarantee Availability, or Notice of Allocation Availability.
Sec.  1807.103  Recipient not instrumentality.
    No Recipient shall be deemed to be an agency, department, or
instrumentality of the United States.
Sec.  1807.104  Definitions.
    For the purpose of this part:
    Act means the Housing and Economic Recovery Act of 2008, as
amended, Public Law 110-289, section 1131;
    Affiliate means any entity that Controls, is Controlled by, or is
under common Control with, an entity;
    Affordable Housing means housing that meets the requirements set
forth in subpart D of this part;
    Affordable Housing Activities means the Development, Preservation,
Rehabilitation, and/or Purchase of Affordable Housing;
    Affordable Housing Fund means a revolving loan, grant or investment
fund that is:
    (1) Managed by the Recipient; and
    (2) Uses its capital to finance Affordable Housing Activities;
    Applicant means any entity submitting an application for a CMF
Award;
    Appropriate Federal Banking Agency has the same meaning as in
section 3 of the Federal Deposit Insurance Act, 12 U.S.C. 1813(q), and
includes, with respect to Insured Credit Unions, the National Credit
Union Administration;
    Appropriate State Agency means an agency or instrumentality of a
State that regulates and/or insures the member accounts of a State-
Insured Credit Union;
    Assistance Agreement means a formal, written agreement between the
CDFI Fund and a Recipient, which agreement specifies the terms and
conditions of assistance under this part;
    Capital Magnet Fund (or CMF) means the program authorized by the
Act and implemented under this part;
    CMF Award means the financial assistance in the form of a grant
made by the CDFI Fund to a Recipient pursuant to this part;
    Certified Community Development Financial Institution (or Certified
CDFI) means an entity that has been determined by the CDFI Fund to meet
the certification requirements set forth in 12 CFR 1805.201;
    Committed means that the Recipient is able to demonstrate, in
written form and substance that is acceptable to the CDFI Fund, a
commitment for use of CMF Award, as set forth in Sec.  1807.501;
    Community Development Financial Institutions Fund (or CDFI Fund)
means the Community Development Financial Institutions Fund, the U.S.
Department of the Treasury, established pursuant to the Community
Development Banking and Financial Institutions Act of 1994, as amended,
12 U.S.C. 4701 et seq.;
    Community Service Facility means the physical structure in which
service programs for residents or service programs for the broader
community (including, but not limited to, health care, childcare,
educational programs including literacy and after school programs, job
training, food and nutrition services, cultural programs, and/or social
services) operate that, In Conjunction With Affordable Housing
Activities, implements a Concerted Strategy to stabilize or revitalize
a Low-Income Area or Underserved Rural Area;
    Concerted Strategy means a formal planning document that evidences
the connection between Affordable Housing Activities and Economic
Development Activities. Such documents include, but are not limited to,
a comprehensive, consolidated, or redevelopment plan, or some other
local or regional planning document adopted or approved by the
jurisdiction;
    Control means:
    (1) Ownership, control, or power to vote 25 percent or more of the
outstanding shares of any class of Voting Securities of any company,
directly or indirectly or acting through one or more other persons;
    (2) Control in any manner over the election of a majority of the
directors, trustees, or general partners (or individuals exercising
similar functions) of any company; or
    (3) The power to exercise, directly or indirectly, a controlling
influence over the management, credit or investment decisions, or
policies of any company;
    Depository Institution Holding Company means a bank holding company
or a savings and loan holding company as each are defined in the
Federal Deposit Insurance Act, 12 U.S.C. 1813(w);
    Development means any combination of the following Project
activities: Land acquisition, demolition of existing facilities, and
construction of new facilities, which may include site improvement,
utilities development and rehabilitation of utilities, necessary
infrastructure, utility services, conversion, and other related
activities resulting in Affordable Housing;
    Direct Administrative Expenses means direct costs incurred by the
Recipient, related to the financing of the Project as described in 2
CFR 200.413 of the Uniform Administrative Requirements;
    Economic Development Activity means the development, preservation,
acquisition and/or rehabilitation of Community Service Facilities and/
or other physical structures in which neighborhood-based businesses
operate which, In Conjunction With Affordable Housing Activities,
implements a Concerted Strategy to stabilize or revitalize a Low-Income
Area or Underserved Rural Area;
    Effective Date means the date that the Assistance Agreement is
effective; such date is determined by the CDFI Fund after the Recipient
has returned an executed, original Assistance Agreement, along with all
required supporting documentation, including the opinion of counsel, if
required;
    Eligible-Income means:
    (1) Having, in the case of owner-occupied Housing units, annual
income not in excess of 120 percent of the area median income adjusted
for Family size in the same manner as HUD makes these adjustments for
its other published income limits; and
    (2) Having, in the case of rental Housing units, annual income not
in excess of 120 percent of the area median income, adjusted for Family
size in the same manner as HUD makes these adjustments for its
published income limits;
    Eligible Project Costs means Leveraged Costs plus those costs
funded directly by a CMF Award;
    Extremely Low-Income means:
    (1) Having, in the case of owner-occupied Housing units, income not
in excess of 30 percent of the area median
[[Page 6439]]
income, adjusted for Family size, as determined by HUD, except that HUD
may establish income ceilings higher or lower than 30 percent of the
median for the area on the basis of HUD findings that such variations
are necessary because of prevailing levels of construction costs or
fair market rents, or unusually high or low Family incomes and
    (2) Having, in the case of rental Housing units, income not in
excess of 30 percent of the area median income, adjusted for Family
size, as determined by HUD, except that HUD may establish income
ceilings higher or lower than 30 percent of the median for the area on
the basis of HUD findings that such variations are necessary because of
prevailing levels of construction costs or fair market rents, or
unusually high or low Family incomes;
    Family or Families means households that reside within the
boundaries of the United Sates (which shall encompass any State of the
United States, the District of Columbia or any territory of the United
States, including Puerto Rico, Guam, American Samoa, the U. S. Virgin
Islands, and the Northern Mariana Islands);
    HOME Program means the HOME Investment Partnership Program
established by the HOME Investment Partnerships Act under title II of
the Cranston-Gonzalez National Affordable Housing Act, as amended, 42
U.S.C. 12701 et seq.;
    Homeownership means ownership in fee simple title interest in one-
to four-unit Housing or in a condominium unit, or equivalent form of
ownership approved by the CDFI Fund. The Recipient must determine
whether ownership or membership in a cooperative or mutual housing
project constitutes Homeownership under State law. The ownership
interest is subject to the following additional requirements:
    (1) Except as otherwise provided in paragraphs (1)(i), (ii), and
(iii) of this definition, the land may be owned in fee simple or the
homeowner may have a 99-year ground lease;
    (i) For Housing located on Indian trust or restricted Indian lands,
the ground lease must be for 50 years or more;
    (ii) For Housing located in Guam, the Northern Mariana Islands, the
U. S. Virgin Islands, and American Samoa, the ground lease must be 40
years or more;
    (iii) For manufactured housing, the ground lease must be for a
minimum period of 10 years or such other applicable time period
regarding location set forth in this definition of Homeownership at the
time of purchase by the homeowner;
    (2) Ownership interest may not merely consist of a right to
possession under a contract for deed, installment contract, or land
contract (pursuant to which the deed is not given until the final
payment is made);
    (3) Ownership interest may only be subject to the restrictions on
resale permitted under the Assistance Agreement and this part;
mortgages, deeds of trust, or other liens or instruments securing debt
on the property; or any other restrictions or encumbrances that do not
impair the good and marketable nature of title to the ownership
interest;
    Housing means Single-family and Multi-family residential units
including, but not limited to, manufactured housing and manufactured
housing lots, permanent housing for disabled and/or homeless persons,
transitional housing, single-room occupancy housing, and group homes.
Housing also includes elder cottage housing opportunity (ECHO) units
that are small, free- standing, barrier-free, energy-efficient,
removable, and designed to be installed adjacent to existing single-
family dwellings. Housing does not include emergency shelters
(including shelters for disaster victims) or facilities such as nursing
homes, convalescent homes, hospitals, residential treatment facilities,
correctional facilities, halfway houses, housing for students, or
dormitories (including farmworker dormitories);
    HUD means the Department of Housing and Urban Development
established under the Department of Housing and Urban Development Act
of 1965, 42 U.S.C. 3532 et seq.;
    In Conjunction With Affordable Housing means:
    (1) Physically proximate to; and
    (2) Reasonably available to residents of Affordable Housing that is
subject to Affordable Housing Activities. For a Metropolitan Area, In
Conjunction With means located within the same census tract or within 1
mile of such Affordable Housing. For a Non-Metropolitan Area, In
Conjunction With means located within the same county, township, or
village, or within 10 miles of such Affordable Housing;
    Insured CDFI means a Certified CDFI that is an Insured Depository
Institution or an Insured Credit Union;
    Insured Credit Union means any credit union, the member accounts of
which are insured by the National Credit Union Share Insurance Fund by
the National Credit Union Administration pursuant to authority granted
in 12 U.S.C. 1783 et seq.;
    Insured Depository Institution means any bank or thrift, the
deposits of which are insured by the Federal Deposit Insurance
Corporation as determined in 12 U.S.C. 1813(c)(2);
    Investment Period means the period beginning with the Effective
Date and ending on the fifth year anniversary of the Effective Date, or
such other period as may be established by the CDFI Fund in the
Assistance Agreement;
    Leveraged Costs means costs for Affordable Housing Activities and
Economic Development Activities that exceed the dollar amount of the
CMF Award, as further described in Sec.  1807.500;
    Loan Guarantee means the Recipient's use of CMF Award to support an
agreement to indemnify the holder of a loan all or a portion of the
unpaid principal balance in case of default by the borrower. The
proceeds of the loan that is guaranteed with the CMF Award must be used
for Affordable Housing Activities and/or Economic Development
Activities;
    Loan Loss Reserves means proceeds from the CMF Award that the
Recipient will set aside in the form of cash reserves, or through
accounting-based accrual reserves, to cover losses on loans, accounts,
and notes receivable for Affordable Housing Activities and/or Economic
Development Activities, or for related purposes that the CDFI Fund
deems appropriate;
    Low-Income means:
    (1) Having, in the case of owner-occupied Housing units, income not
in excess of 80 percent of area median income, adjusted for Family
size, as determined by HUD, except that HUD may establish income
ceilings higher or lower than 80 percent of the median for the area on
the basis of HUD findings that such variations are necessary because of
prevailing levels of construction costs or fair market rents, or
unusually high or low Family incomes; and
    (2) Having, in the case of rental Housing units, income not in
excess of 80 percent of area median income, adjusted for Family size,
as determined by HUD, except that HUD may establish income ceilings
higher or lower than 80 percent of the median for the area on the basis
of HUD findings that such variations are necessary because of
prevailing levels of construction costs or fair market rents, or
unusually high or low Family incomes;
    Low-Income Area or LIA means a census tract or block numbering area
in which the median income does not exceed 80 percent of the median
income for the area in which such census tract or block numbering area
is located. With respect to a census tract or block numbering area
located within a
[[Page 6440]]
Metropolitan Area, the median Family income shall be at or below 80
percent of the Metropolitan Area median Family income or the national
Metropolitan Area median Family income, whichever is greater. In the
case of a census tract or block numbering area located outside of a
Metropolitan Area, the median Family income shall be at or below 80
percent of the statewide Non-Metropolitan Area median Family income or
the national Non-Metropolitan Area median Family income, whichever is
greater;
    Low Income Housing Credits (or LIHTCs) means credits against income
tax under section 42 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended,
26 U.S.C. 42;
    Metropolitan Area means an area designated as such by the Office of
Management and Budget pursuant to 44 U.S.C. 3504(e) and 31 U.S.C.
1104(d) and Executive Order 10253 (3 CFR, 1949-1953 Comp., p. 758), as
amended;
    Multi-family housing means residential properties consisting of
five or more dwelling units, such as a condominium unit, cooperative
unit, apartment, or townhouse;
    Non-Metropolitan Area means counties that are designated as Non-
Metropolitan Counties by the Office of Management and Budget (OMB)
pursuant to 44 U.S.C. 3504(e) and 31 U.S.C. 1104(d) and Executive Order
10253 (3 CFR, 1949-1953 Comp., p. 758), as amended, and as made
available by the CDFI Fund for a specific application funding round;
    Nonprofit Organization means any corporation, trust, association,
cooperative, or other organization that is:
    (1) Designated as a nonprofit or not-for-profit entity under the
laws of the organization's State of formation; and
    (2) Exempt from Federal income taxation pursuant to the Internal
Revenue Code of 1986;
    Participating Jurisdiction means a jurisdiction designated by HUD
as such under the HOME Program in accordance with the requirements of
24 CFR 92.105;
    Payment means the transmission of CMF Award dollars from the CDFI
Fund to the Recipient;
    Preservation means:
    (1) Activities to refinance, with or without Rehabilitation,
Single-family housing or Multi-family housing (rental) mortgages that,
at the time of refinancing, are subject to affordability and use
restrictions under the LIHTC statute or under State or Federal
affordable housing programs, including but not limited to, the HOME
Program, properties with Federal project-based rental assistance, or
the USDA rental housing programs, hereinafter referred to as ``similar
State or Federal affordable housing programs,'' where such refinancing
has the effect of extending the term of any existing affordability and
use restrictions on the properties by a minimum 10 years or as
otherwise specified in the Assistance Agreement;
    (2) Activities to refinance and acquire Single-family housing or
Multi-family housing that, at the time of refinancing or acquisition,
were subject to affordability and use restrictions under similar State
or Federal affordable housing programs or under the LIHTC statute, by
the former tenants of such properties, where such refinancing has the
effect of extending the term of any existing affordability and use
restrictions on the properties by a minimum 10 years or as otherwise
specified in the Assistance Agreement;
    (3) Activities to refinance the mortgages of owner-occupied,
Single-family housing that, at the time of refinancing, are subject to
affordability and use restrictions under similar State or Federal
affordable housing programs, where such refinancing has the effect of
extending the term of any existing affordability and use restrictions
on the properties by a minimum 10 years or as otherwise specified in
the Assistance Agreement;
    (4) Activities to acquire Single-family housing or Multi-family
housing, with or without Rehabilitation, with the commitment to subject
the properties to the affordability qualifications set forth in subpart
D of this part; or
    (5) Activities to refinance, with or without Rehabilitation,
Single-family housing or Multi-family housing, with the commitment to
subject the properties to the affordability qualifications set forth in
subpart D of this part;
    Program Income means gross income, as further described in 2 CFR
part 1000;
    Project means the Affordable Housing Activity and/or Economic
Development Activity that is financed with the CMF Award;
    Project Completion means that all of the requirements set forth at
Sec.  1807.503 for a Project have been met;
    Purchase means to provide direct financing to a Family for purposes
of Homeownership. Before the Recipient provides any financing to a
Family for Homeownership purposes, the Recipient must verify that the
Family and the Single-family housing meet the qualifications set forth
in subparts D and E of this part;
    Recipient means an Applicant selected by the CDFI Fund to receive a
CMF Award pursuant to this part;
    Rehabilitation means any repairs and/or capital improvements that
contribute to the long-term preservation, current building code
compliance, habitability, sustainability, or energy efficiency of
Affordable Housing;
    Revolving Loan Fund means a pool of funds managed by the Applicant
or the Recipient wherein repayments on loans for Affordable Housing
Activities or Economic Development Activities are used to refinance
additional loans;
    Risk-Sharing Loan means loans for Affordable Housing Activities
and/or Economic Development Activities in which the risk of borrower
default is shared by the Applicant or Recipient with other lenders
(e.g., participation loans);
    Service Area means the geographic area in which the Applicant
proposes to use the CMF Award, and the geographic area approved by the
CDFI Fund in which the Recipient must use the CMF Award as set forth in
its Assistance Agreement;
    Single-family housing means a one- to four-Family residence, a
condominium unit, a cooperative unit, a combination of manufactured
housing and lot, or a manufactured housing lot;
    State means the states of the United States, the District of
Columbia, the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico, the Commonwealth of the
Northern Mariana Island, Guam, the U.S. Virgin Islands, American Samoa,
the Trust Territory of the Pacific Islands, and any other territory of
the United States;
    State-Insured Credit Union means any credit union that is regulated
by, and/or the member accounts of which are insured by, a State agency
or instrumentality;
    Subsidiary means any company that is owned or Controlled directly
or indirectly by another company;
    Underserved Rural Area means:
    (1) A Non-Metropolitan Area that:
    (i) Qualifies as a Low-Income Area; and
    (ii) Is experiencing economic distress evidenced by 30 percent or
more of resident households with one or more of these four housing
conditions in the most recent census for which data are available:
    (A) Lacking complete plumbing;
    (B) Lacking complete kitchen;
    (C) Paying 30 percent or more of income for owner costs or tenant
rent; or
    (D) Having more than 1 person per room;
    (2) An area as specified in the applicable NOFA and/or Assistance
Agreement;
    Uniform Administrative Requirements means the Uniform
Administrative
[[Page 6441]]
Requirements, Cost Principles, and Audit Requirements for Federal
Awards (2 CFR part 1000);
    Very Low-Income means:
    (1) Having, in the case of owner-occupied Housing, income not
greater than 50 percent of the area median income with adjustments for
Family size, as determined by HUD, except that HUD may establish income
ceilings higher or lower than 50 percent of the median for the area on
the basis of HUD findings that such variations are necessary because of
prevailing levels of construction costs or fair market rents, or
unusually high or low Family incomes; and
    (2) Having, in the case of rental Housing, income not greater than
50 percent of the area median income, with adjustments for Family size,
as determined by HUD, except that HUD may establish income ceilings
higher or lower than 50 percent of the median for the area on the basis
of HUD findings that such variations are necessary because of
prevailing levels of construction costs or fair market rents, or
unusually high or low Family incomes.
Sec.  1807.105  Waiver authority.
    The CDFI Fund may waive any requirement of this part that is not
required by law upon a determination of good cause. Each such waiver
shall be in writing and supported by a statement of the facts and the
grounds forming the basis of the waiver. For a waiver in an individual
case, the CDFI Fund must determine that application of the requirement
to be waived would adversely affect the achievement of the purposes of
the Act. For waivers of general applicability, the CDFI Fund will
publish notification of granted waivers in the Federal Register.
Sec.  1807.106  OMB control number.
    The OMB control number for the CMF Award application is 1559-0036.
The compliance date requirements for the collection of information in
Sec.  1807.902 is stayed indefinitely, pending Office of Management and
Budget approval and assignment of an OMB control number.
Sec.  1807.107  Applicability of regulations for CMF Awards.
    As of February 8, 2016, the regulations of this part are applicable
for CMF Awards made pursuant to Notices of Funds Availability published
after February 8, 2016.
Subpart B--Eligibility
Sec.  1807.200  Applicant eligibility.
    (a) General requirements. An Applicant will be deemed eligible to
apply for a CMF Award if it is:
    (1) A Certified CDFI. An entity may meet the requirements described
in this paragraph (a)(1) if it is:
    (i) A Certified CDFI, as set forth in 12 CFR 1805.201,
    (ii) A Certified CDFI that has been in existence as a legally
formed entity as set forth in the applicable Notice of Funds
Availability (NOFA); or
    (2) A Nonprofit Organization having as one of its principal
purposes the development or management of affordable housing. An entity
may meet the requirements described in this paragraph (a)(2) if it:
    (i) Has been in existence as a legally formed entity as set forth
in the applicable NOFA;
    (ii) Demonstrates, through articles of incorporation, by-laws, or
other board-approved documents, that the development or management of
affordable housing are among its principal purposes; and
    (iii) Can demonstrate that a certain percentage, set forth in the
applicable NOFA, of the Applicant's total assets are dedicated to the
development or management of affordable housing.
    (b) Eligibility verification. An Applicant shall demonstrate that
it meets the eligibility requirements described in paragraph (a)(2) of
this section by providing information described in the application,
NOFA, and/or supplemental information, as may be requested by the CDFI
Fund. For an Applicant seeking eligibility under paragraph (a)(1) of
this section, the CDFI Fund will verify that the Applicant is a
Certified CDFI during the application eligibility review.
Subpart C--Eligible Purposes; Eligible Activities; Restrictions
Sec.  1807.300  Eligible purposes.
    Each Recipient must use its CMF Award for the eligible activities
described in Sec.  1807.301 so long as such eligible activities
increase private capital for and increase investment in:
    (a) Development, Preservation, Rehabilitation, and/or Purchase of
Affordable Housing for primarily Extremely Low-Income, Very Low-Income,
and Low-Income Families; and/or
    (b) Economic Development Activities.
    (1) Economic Development Activity must support Affordable Housing;
    (2) The Recipient may undertake Economic Development Activity In
Conjunction With Affordable Housing Activities that are undertaken by
parties other than the Recipient;
    (3) If the Recipient uses its CMF Award to fund an Economic
Development Activity In Conjunction With Affordable Housing Activity,
it must track the resulting Affordable Housing, as set forth in subpart
D of this part, to the extent the Affordable Housing was financed by
the CMF Award. For the purposes of meeting the 10-year affordability
period requirement, Recipients are not required to track Affordable
Housing that was financed by sources other than the CMF Award.
Sec.  1807.301  Eligible activities.
    The Recipient must use its CMF Award to finance and support
Affordable Housing Activities and/or Economic Development Activities
through the following eligible activities:
    (a) To capitalize Loan Loss Reserves;
    (b) To capitalize a Revolving Loan Fund;
    (c) To capitalize an Affordable Housing Fund;
    (d) To capitalize a fund to support Economic Development
Activities;
    (e) To make Risk-Sharing Loans; and
    (f) To provide Loan Guarantees.
Sec.  1807.302  Restrictions on use of CMF Award.
    (a) The Recipient may not use its CMF Award for the following:
    (1) Political activities;
    (2) Advocacy;
    (3) Lobbying, whether directly or through other parties;
    (4) Counseling services (including homebuyer or financial
counseling);
    (5) Travel expenses;
    (6) Preparing or providing advice on tax returns;
    (7) Emergency shelters (including shelters for disaster victims);
    (8) Nursing homes;
    (9) Convalescent homes;
    (10) Residential treatment facilities;
    (11) Correctional facilities; or
    (12) Student dormitories.
    (b) The Recipient shall not use the CMF Award to finance or support
Projects that include:
    (1) The operation of any private or commercial golf course, country
club, massage parlor, hot tub facility, suntan facility, racetrack or
other facility used for gambling, or any store the principal business
of which is the sale of alcoholic beverages for consumption off
premises; or
    (2) Farming activities (within the meaning of Internal Revenue Code
(IRC) section 2032A(e)(5)(A) or (B)), if, as of the close of the
taxable year of the
[[Page 6442]]
taxpayer conducting such trade or business, the sum of the aggregate
unadjusted bases (or, if greater, the fair market value) of the assets
owned by the taxpayer that are used in such a trade or business, and
the aggregate value of the assets leased by the taxpayer that are used
in such a trade or business, exceeds $500,000.
    (c) In any given application round, no more than 30 percent of a
CMF Award may be used for Economic Development Activities.
    (d) Any Recipient that uses its CMF Award for a Loan Guarantee or
Loan Loss Reserves must ensure the underlying loan(s) are made to
support Affordable Housing Activities and Economic Development
Activities. The Affordable Housing resulting from the Recipient's Loan
Guarantee or Loan Loss Reserve shall be tracked for 10 years, as set
forth in subpart D of this part.
    (e) If loans that are made pursuant to a Loan Guarantee or Loan
Loss Reserves are repaid during the Investment Period, the Recipient
must use the repaid funds for Loan Guarantees or Loan Loss Reserves
targeted to the income population (Extremely Low-Income, Very Low-
Income, Low-Income) set forth in the Recipient's Assistance Agreement,
for the duration of the Investment Period.
    (f) The Recipient may not use more than five (5) percent of its CMF
Award for Direct Administrative Expenses.
Sec.  1807.303  Authorized uses of Program Income.
    (a) Program Income earned in the form of principal and equity
repayments must be used by the Recipient for the approved, eligible CMF
Award uses as further set forth in the Assistance Agreement for the
duration of the Investment Period.
    (b) Program Income earned in the form of interest payments, and all
other forms of Program Income (except for that which is earned as
described in paragraph (a) of this section, must be used by the
Recipient as set forth in the Assistance Agreement and in accordance
with 2 CFR part 1000.
Subpart D--Qualification as Affordable Housing
Sec.  1807.400  Affordable Housing--general.
    Each Recipient that uses its CMF Award for Affordable Housing
Activities must ensure that 100 percent of Eligible Project Costs are
attributable to Affordable Housing; meaning, that they comply with the
affordability qualifications set forth in this subpart for Eligible-
Income Families. Further, as a subset of said 100 percent, greater than
50 percent of the Eligible Project Costs must be attributable to
Affordable Housing that comply with the affordability qualifications
set forth in this subpart for Low-Income, Very Low-Income, or Extremely
Low-Income Families, or as further set forth in the applicable NOFA
and/or Assistance Agreement.
Sec.  1807.401  Affordable Housing--Rental Housing.
    To qualify as Affordable Housing, each rental Multi-family housing
Project financed with CMF Award must have at least 20 percent of the
units occupied by any combination of Low-Income, Very Low-Income, or
Extremely Low-Income Families and must comply with the rent limits set
forth herein. However, the CDFI Fund may require a greater percentage
of the units per Project to be income-targeted and/or require a
specific targeted income commitment in any given application round, as
set forth in the NOFA and Assistance Agreement for that application
round.
    (a) Rent limitation. The gross rent limits for Affordable Housing
are determined under the provisions in IRC section 42(g)(2). In this
determination, if this part imposes an income restriction on a unit
that is greater than 60 percent of area median income, adjusted for
Family size, then the provisions of IRC section 42(g)(2) are applied as
if that income restriction on the unit satisfied IRC section 42(g)(1).
The maximum rent is a rent that does not exceed:
    (1) For an Eligible-Income Family, 30 percent of the annual income
of a Family whose annual income equals 120 percent of the area median
income, with adjustments for number of bedrooms in the unit, as set
forth in IRC section 42(g)(2).
    (2) For a Low-Income Family, 30 percent of the annual income of a
Family whose annual income equals 80 percent of the area median income,
with adjustments for number of bedrooms in the unit, as set forth in
IRC section 42(g)(2). If the unit or tenant receives Federal or State
rental subsidy, and the Family pays as a contribution towards rent not
more than 30 percent of the Family's income, the maximum rent (i.e.,
tenant contribution plus rental subsidy) is the rent allowable under
the Federal or State rental subsidy program;
    (3) For a Very Low-Income Family, 30 percent of the annual income
of a Family whose annual income equals 50 percent of the area median
income, with adjustments for number of bedrooms in the unit as
described in paragraph (a) of this section. If the unit or tenant
receives Federal or State rental subsidy, and the Family pays as a
contribution towards rent not more than 30 percent of the Family's
income, the maximum rent (i.e., tenant contribution plus rental
subsidy) is the rent allowable under the Federal or State rental
subsidy program; or
    (4) For an Extremely Low-Income Family, 30 percent of the annual
income of a Family whose annual income equals 30 percent of the area
median income, with adjustments for number of bedrooms in the unit as
described in paragraph (a) of this section. If the unit or tenant
receives Federal or State rental subsidy, and the Family pays as a
contribution toward rent not more than 30 percent of the Family's
income, the maximum rent (i.e., tenant contribution plus rental
subsidy) is the rent allowable under the Federal or State rental
subsidy program.
    (b) Nondiscrimination against rental assistance subsidy holders.
The Recipient shall require that the owner of a rental unit cannot
refuse to lease the unit to a Section 8 Program certificate or voucher
holder (24 CFR part 982, Section 8 Tenant-Based Assistance: Unified
Rule for Tenant-Based Assistance under the Section 8 Rental Certificate
Program and the Section 8 Rental Voucher Program) or to the holder of a
comparable document evidencing participation in a HOME tenant-based
rental assistance program because of the status of the prospective
tenant as a holder of such certificate, voucher, or comparable HOME
tenant-based assistance document.
    (c) Initial rent schedule and utility allowances. The Recipient
shall ensure that utility allowances and submetering rules are
consistent with regulations concerning utility allowances and
submetering in buildings that are subject to gross rent restrictions
under IRC section 42(g)(2).
    (d) Periods of affordability. Housing under this section must meet
the affordability requirements for not less than 10 years, beginning
after Project Completion and at initial occupancy. The affordability
requirements apply without regard to the term of any loan or mortgage
or the transfer of ownership and must be imposed by deed restrictions,
covenants running with the land, or other recordable mechanisms. Other
recordable mechanisms must be approved in writing and in advance by the
CDFI Fund. The affordability restrictions may terminate upon
foreclosure or transfer in lieu of foreclosure. However, the
affordability restrictions shall be revived according to the original
terms if, during the original affordability period, the owner of record
before the foreclosure, or deed in lieu of
[[Page 6443]]
foreclosure, or any entity that includes the former owner or those with
whom the former owner has or had family or business ties, obtains an
ownership interest in the Project.
    (e) Subsequent rents during the affordability period. Any increase
in rent for a CMF-financed unit requires that tenants of those units be
given at least 30 days prior written notice before the implementation
of the rent increase. Regardless of changes in annual rents and in
median income over time, the CMF rents for a Project are not required
to be lower than the CMF rent limits for the Project in effect at the
time when the Project is Committed for use.
    (f) Tenant income determination. (1) Each year during the period of
affordability, the tenant's income shall be re-examined; tenant income
examination and verification is ultimately the responsibility of the
Recipient. Annual income shall include income from all household
members. The Recipient must require the Project owner to obtain
information on rents and occupancy of Affordable Housing financed or
assisted with a CMF Award in order to demonstrate compliance with this
section.
    (2) One of the following two definitions of ``annual income'' must
be used to determine whether a Family is income-eligible:
    (i) Adjusted gross income as defined for purposes of reporting
under Internal Revenue Service (IRS) Form 1040 series for individual
Federal annual income tax purposes; or
    (ii) ``Annual Income'' as defined at 24 CFR 5.609 (except that when
determining the income of a homeowner for an owner-occupied
Rehabilitation Project, the value of the homeowner's principal
residence may be excluded from the calculation of Net Family Assets, as
defined in 24 CFR 5.603).
    (3) Although either of the above two definitions of ``annual
income'' is permitted, in order to calculate adjusted income,
exclusions from income set forth at 24 CFR 5.611 shall be applied.
    (4) The CDFI Fund reserves the right to deem certain government
programs, under which a Low-Income Family is a recipient, as income
eligible for purposes of meeting the tenant income requirements under
this section.
    (g) Over-income tenants. (1) CMF-financed or assisted units
continue to qualify as Affordable Housing despite a temporary
noncompliance caused by increases in the incomes of existing tenants if
actions satisfactory to the CDFI Fund are being taken to ensure that
all vacancies are filled in accordance with this section until the
noncompliance is corrected.
    (2) Tenants whose incomes no longer qualify must pay rent no
greater than the lesser of the amount payable by the tenant under State
or local law or 30 percent of the Family's annual income, except if the
gross rent of a unit is subject to the restrictions in IRC section
42(g)(2) or the restrictions in an extended low-income housing
commitment under IRC section 42(h)(6), then the tenants of that unit
must pay rent governed by those restrictions. Tenants who no longer
qualify as Eligible-Income are not required to pay rent in excess of
the market rent for comparable, unassisted units in the neighborhood.
    (3) If the income of a tenant of a CMF-financed or assisted unit no
longer qualifies, the Recipient may designate another unit, within the
CMF-financed or assisted Project, as a replacement unit that meets the
affordability qualifications for the same income category as the
original unit, as further set forth in the Recipient's Assistance
Agreement. If there is not an available replacement unit, the Recipient
must fill the first available vacancy with a tenant that meets the
affordability qualifications for the same income category of the
original unit as necessary to maintain compliance with the CMF
requirements and the Assistance Agreement.
Sec.  1807.402  Affordable Housing--Homeownership.
    (a) Purchase with or without Rehabilitation. A Recipient that uses
the CMF Award for the eligible activities set forth in Sec.  1807.301
for Purchase must ensure the purchasing Family and Housing meets the
affordability requirements of this subpart.
    (1) The Housing must be Single-family housing.
    (2) The Single-family housing price does not exceed 95 percent of
the median purchase price for the area as used in the HOME Program and
as determined by HUD and the applicable Participating Jurisdiction.
    (3) The Single-family housing must be purchased by a qualifying
Family as set forth in Sec.  1807.400. The Single-family housing must
be the principal residence of the Family throughout the period
described in paragraph (a)(4) of this section.
    (4) Periods of affordability. Single-family housing under this
section must meet the affordability requirements for at least 10 years
at the time of purchase by the Family.
    (5) Resale. To ensure that CMF Awards are being used for qualifying
Families for the entire 10-year affordability period, recoupment and
redeployment or resale strategies must be imposed by the Recipient. A
recoupment strategy must ensure that, in the event the qualifying
homeowner sells the Housing before the end of the 10-year affordability
period and the new homeowner does not meet the affordability
qualifications set forth in Sec.  1807.400, an amount equal to the
amount of the CMF Award investment in the Housing, whether recouped or
not, is used to finance additional Affordable Housing Activities for a
qualifying Family in the same income category for Affordable Housing
Homeownership in the manner set forth in this section, except that the
Housing must meet the affordability requirements only for the remaining
duration of the affordability period. The Recipient may design and
implement its own recoupment strategy. Deed restrictions, covenants
running with the land, or other similar mechanisms may be used as the
mechanism to impose a resale strategy. The Recipient shall report to
the CDFI Fund the event of resale and/or recoupment and redeployment of
the CMF Award, or an equivalent amount, in the manner described in the
Assistance Agreement. The affordability restrictions may terminate upon
occurrence of any of the following termination events: Foreclosure,
transfer in lieu of foreclosure, or assignment of an FHA-insured
mortgage to HUD. The Recipient may use purchase options, rights of
first refusal or other preemptive rights to purchase the Housing before
foreclosure to preserve affordability. The affordability restrictions
shall be revived according to the original terms if, during the
original affordability period, the owner of record before the
termination event, obtains an ownership interest in the Housing. If
there is a sale of Single-family housing funded by a CMF Award prior to
the completion of the 10-year affordability period, the Recipient must
demonstrate that it placed into service Single-family housing targeting
the same income population (i.e., Extremely Low-Income, Very Low-
Income, Low-Income) as the original Single-family housing, as set forth
in the Assistance Agreement, financed with an equivalent amount to the
recouped portion of the CMF Award, that will be tracked for the
duration of the affordability period of the original Single-family
housing.
    (b) Rehabilitation not involving Purchase. Single-family housing
that is currently owned by a qualifying Family, as set forth in Sec.
1807.400, qualifies as Affordable Housing if it meets the requirements
of this paragraph (b).
    (1) The estimated value of the Single-family housing, after
Rehabilitation,
[[Page 6444]]
does not exceed 95 percent of the median purchase price for the area,
as used in the HOME Program and as determined by the applicable
Participating Jurisdiction; or
    (2) The Single-family housing is the principal residence of a
qualifying Family as set forth in Sec.  1807.400, at the time that the
CMF Award is Committed to the Single-family housing.
    (3) Single-family housing under this paragraph (b) must meet the
affordability requirements for at least 10 years after Rehabilitation
is completed or meet the resale provisions of paragraph (a)(5) of this
section.
    (c) Ownership interest. The ownership in the Single-family housing
assisted under this section must meet the definition of Homeownership
as defined in Sec.  1807.104.
    (d) New construction without Purchase. Newly constructed Single-
family housing that is built on property currently owned by a Family
that will occupy the Single-family housing upon completion, qualifies
as Affordable Housing if it meets the requirements under paragraph (a)
of this section.
    (e) Converting rental units to Homeownership units for existing
tenants. CMF-financed rental units may be converted to Homeownership
units by selling, donating, or otherwise conveying the units to the
existing tenants to enable the tenants to become homeowners in
accordance with the requirements of this section. The Homeownership
units are subject to a minimum period of affordability equal to the
remaining affordability period.
Subpart E--Leveraged Costs; Eligible Project Costs; Commitment
Requirements
Sec.  1807.500  Leveraged Costs; Eligible Project Costs.
    (a) Each CMF Award must result in Eligible Project Costs in an
amount that equals at least 10 times the amount of the CMF Award or
some higher standard established by the CDFI Fund in the Recipient's
Assistance Agreement. Such Eligible Project Costs must be for
Affordable Housing Activities and Economic Development Activities, as
set forth in the Assistance Agreement.
    (b) Leveraged Costs. (1) The applicable NOFA and/or the Assistance
Agreement may set forth a required percentage of Leveraged Costs that
must be funded by non-governmental sources.
    (2) The Recipient must report to the CDFI Fund all Leveraged Costs,
with the following limitations:
    (i) No costs attributable to prohibited uses as set forth in Sec.
1807.302(a) and (b) may be reported as Leveraged Costs;
    (ii) All Leveraged Costs attributable to Affordable Housing
Activities must be for Affordable Housing, as set forth in Sec.
1807.401 or Sec.  1807.402, and as further described in the Assistance
Agreement;
    (iii) All eligible Leveraged Costs attributable to Economic
Development Activities shall be described in the Assistance Agreement.
    (c) Recipients must report Leveraged Costs information through
forms or electronic systems provided by the CDFI Fund. Consequently,
Recipients must maintain appropriate documentation, such as audited
financial statements, wire transfers documents, pro-formas, and other
relevant records, to support such reports.
Sec.  1807.501  Commitments; Payments.
    (a) The CMF Award must be Committed by the Recipient for use by the
date designated in its Assistance Agreement.
    (b) The Recipient must evidence such commitment with a written,
legally binding agreement to provide CMF Award proceeds to the
qualifying Family, developer or project sponsor for a Project whose:
    (1) Construction can reasonably be expected to start within 12
months of the commitment agreement date;
    (2) Property title will be transferred within 6 months of the
commitment agreement date; or
    (3) Construction schedule ensures Project Completion within 5 years
of a date specified in the Assistance Agreement.
    (c) The CDFI Fund will make Payment of CMF Award based on a
deployment schedule contained in the CMF Award application, in addition
to any other documentation and/or forms that the CDFI Fund may require.
    (d) Upon receipt of CMF Award, the Recipient must make an initial
disbursement of said CMF Award by the date designated in its Assistance
Agreement. The CDFI Fund may make Payment of CMF Award in a lump sum or
other manner, as determined appropriate by the CDFI Fund. The CDFI Fund
will not provide any Payment until the Recipient has satisfied all
conditions set forth in the applicable NOFA and Assistance Agreement.
Sec.  1807.502  CMF Award limits.
    An eligible Applicant and its Subsidiaries and Affiliates may not
be awarded more than 15 percent of the aggregate funds available for
CMF Awards during any year.
Sec.  1807.503  Project Completion; Property standards.
    (a) Upon Project Completion, the Project must be placed into
service by the date designated in the Assistance Agreement. Project
Completion occurs, as determined by the CDFI Fund, when:
    (1) All necessary title transfer requirements and construction work
have been performed;
    (2) The property standards of paragraph (b) of this section have
been met; and
    (3) The final drawdown of the CMF Award has been made to the
project sponsor or developer;
    (4) When a CMF Award is used for Preservation, Project Completion
occurs when the refinance and/or Rehabilitation is completed in
addition to the requirements set forth in this paragraph (a).
    (b) By the Project Completion date, the Project must meet the
requirements of this part, including the following property standards
(which must be met for a period of at least 10 years after the Project
Completion date):
    (1) Projects that are constructed or Rehabilitated with a CMF Award
must meet all applicable State and local codes, Rehabilitation
standards, ordinances, and zoning requirements at the time of Project
Completion or, in the absence of a State or local building code, the
International Residential Code or International Building Code (as
applicable) of the International Code Council.
    (2) In addition, Projects must meet the following requirements:
    (i) Accessibility. The Project must meet all applicable
accessibility requirements set forth at 24 CFR part 8, which implements
section 504 of the Rehabilitation Act of 1973 (29 U.S.C. 794), and
Titles II and III of the Americans with Disabilities Act (42 U.S.C.
12131-12189) implemented at 28 CFR parts 35 and 36, as applicable.
Multi-family housing, as defined in 24 CFR 100.201, must also meet all
applicable design and construction requirements set forth in 24 CFR
100.205, which implements the Fair Housing Act (42 U.S.C. 3601-3619).
    (ii) Disaster mitigation. The Project must meet all applicable
State and local codes, ordinances, or other disaster mitigation
requirements (e.g., earthquake, hurricanes, flooding, wild fires), or
other requirements as the Department of Housing and Urban Development
has established in 24 CFR part 93.
    (iii) Lead-based paint. The Project must meet all applicable lead-
based paint requirements, including those set forth in 24 CFR part 35.
[[Page 6445]]
    (3) Rehabilitation standards. In addition, all Rehabilitation that
is financed with a CMF Award must meet the following requirements:
    (i) For rental Housing, if the remaining useful life of one or more
major systems is less than the 10-year period of affordability, the
Recipient must ensure that, at Project Completion, the developer or
Project sponsor establishes a replacement reserve and that monthly
payments are made to the reserve that are adequate to repair or replace
the systems as needed. Major systems include: Structural support;
roofing; cladding and weatherproofing (e.g., windows, doors, siding,
gutters); plumbing; electrical; heating, ventilation, and air
conditioning.
    (ii) For Homeownership Single-family housing, the Recipient must
ensure that, at Project Completion, the Housing is decent, safe,
sanitary, and in good repair. The Recipient must ensure that timely
corrective and remedial actions are taken by the Project owner to
address identified life threatening deficiencies.
    (4) Manufactured housing. Construction of all manufactured housing
must meet the Manufactured Home Construction and Safety Standards set
forth in 24 CFR part 3280. These standards preempt State and local laws
or codes, which are not identical to the Federal standards for the new
construction of manufactured housing. The installation of all
manufactured housing units must comply with applicable State and local
laws or codes. In the absence of such laws or codes, the installation
must comply with the manufacturer's written instructions for
installation of manufactured housing units. Manufactured housing that
is rehabilitated using a CMF Award must meet the requirements set out
in paragraph (b)(1) of this section.
Subpart F--Tracking Funds; Uniform Administrative Requirements;
Nature of Funds
Sec.  1807.600  Tracking funds.
    The Recipient shall develop and maintain an internal tracking and
reporting system that ensures that the CMF Award is used in accordance
with this part and the Assistance Agreement.
Sec.  1807.601  Uniform Administrative Requirements.
    The Uniform Administrative Requirements apply to all CMF Awards.
Sec.  1807.602  Nature of funds.
    CMF Awards are Federal financial assistance with regard to the
application of Federal civil rights laws. CMF Award funds retain their
Federal character until the end of the Investment Period.
Subpart G--Notice of Funds Availability; Applications
Sec.  1807.700  Notice of funds availability.
    Each Applicant must submit a CMF Award application in accordance
with the applicable Notice of Funds Availability (NOFA) published in
the Federal Register. The NOFA will advise prospective Applicants on
how to obtain and complete an application and will establish deadlines
and other requirements. The NOFA will specify application evaluation
factors and any limitations, special rules, procedures, and
restrictions for a particular application round. After receipt of an
application, the CDFI Fund may request clarifying or technical
information on the materials submitted as part of the application.
Subpart H--Evaluation and Selection of Applications
Sec.  1807.800  Evaluation and selection--general.
    Each Applicant will be evaluated and selected, at the sole
discretion of the CDFI Fund, to receive a CMF Award based on a review
process that will include a paper or electronic application, and may
include an interview(s) and/or site visit(s), and that is intended to:
    (a) Ensure that Applicants are evaluated on a merit basis and in a
fair and consistent manner;
    (b) Ensure that each Recipient can successfully meet its leveraging
goals and achieve Affordable Housing Activity and Economic Development
Activity impacts;
    (c) Ensure that Recipients represent a geographically diverse group
of Applicants serving Metropolitan Areas and Underserved Rural Areas
across the United States that meet criteria of economic distress, which
may include:
    (1) The percentage of Low-Income Families or the extent of poverty;
    (2) The rate of unemployment or underemployment;
    (3) The extent of disinvestment;
    (4) Economic Development Activities that target Extremely Low-
Income, Very Low-Income, and Low-Income Families within the Recipient's
Service Area; and
    (5) Any other criteria the CDFI Fund shall set forth in the
applicable NOFA; and
    (d) Take into consideration other factors as set forth in the
applicable NOFA.
Sec.  1807.801  Evaluation of applications.
    (a) Eligibility and completeness. An Applicant will not be eligible
to receive a CMF Award if it fails to meet the eligibility requirements
described in Sec.  1807.200 and in the applicable NOFA, or if the
Applicant has not submitted complete application materials. For the
purposes of this paragraph (a), the CDFI Fund reserves the right to
request additional information from the Applicant, if the CDFI Fund
deems it appropriate.
    (b) Substantive review. In evaluating and selecting applications to
receive assistance, the CDFI Fund will evaluate the Applicant's
likelihood of success in meeting the factors set forth in the
applicable NOFA including, but not limited to:
    (1) The Applicant's ability to use a CMF Award to generate
additional investments, including private sources of funding;
    (2) The need for affordable housing in the Applicant's Service
Area;
    (3) The ability of the Applicant to obligate amounts and undertake
activities in a timely manner; and
    (4) In the case of an Applicant that has previously received
assistance under any CDFI Fund program, the Applicant's level of
success in meeting its performance goals, reporting requirements, and
other requirements contained in the previously negotiated and executed
assistance, allocation or award agreement(s) with the CDFI Fund, any
undisbursed balance of assistance, and compliance with applicable
Federal laws.
    (c) The CDFI Fund may consider any other factors that it deems
appropriate in reviewing an application, as set forth in the applicable
NOFA, the application and related guidance materials.
    (d) Consultation with appropriate regulatory agencies. In the case
of an Applicant that is a Federally regulated financial institution,
the CDFI Fund may consult with the Appropriate Federal Banking Agency
or Appropriate State Agency prior to making a final award decision and
prior to entering into an Assistance Agreement.
    (e) Recipient selection. The CDFI Fund will select Recipients based
on the criteria described in paragraph (b) of this section and any
other criteria set forth in this part or the applicable NOFA.
Subpart I--Terms and Conditions of CMF Award
Sec.  1807.900  Assistance agreement.
    (a) Each Applicant that is selected to receive a CMF Award must
enter into an Assistance Agreement with the CDFI
[[Page 6446]]
Fund. The Assistance Agreement will set forth certain required terms
and conditions for the CMF Award that may include, but are not limited
to, the following:
    (1) The amount of the CMF Award;
    (2) The approved uses of the CMF Award;
    (3) The approved Service Area;
    (4) The time period by which the CMF Award proceeds must be
Committed;
    (5) The required documentation to evidence Project Completion; and
    (6) Performance goals that have been established by the CDFI Fund
pursuant to this part, the NOFA, and the Recipient's application.
    (b) The Assistance Agreement shall provide that, in the event of
fraud, mismanagement, noncompliance with the Act or these regulations,
or noncompliance with the terms and conditions of the Assistance
Agreement, on the part of the Recipient, the CDFI Fund, in its
discretion, may make a determination to:
    (1) Require changes in the performance goals set forth in the
Assistance Agreement;
    (2) Revoke approval of the Recipient's application;
    (3) Reduce or terminate the CMF Award;
    (4) Require repayment of any CMF Award that have been paid to the
Recipient;
    (5) Bar the Recipient from applying for any assistance from the
CDFI Fund; or
    (6) Take such other actions as the CDFI Fund deems appropriate or
as set forth in the Assistance Agreement.
    (c) Prior to making a determination that the Recipient has failed
to comply substantially with the Act or these regulations or an
Assistance Agreement, the CDFI Fund shall provide the Recipient with
reasonable notice and opportunity for hearing.
Sec.  1807.901  Payment of funds.
    CMF Awards provided pursuant to this part may be provided in a lump
sum payment or in some other manner, as determined appropriate by the
CDFI Fund. The CDFI Fund shall not provide any Payment under this part
until a Recipient has satisfied all conditions set forth in the
applicable NOFA and Assistance Agreement.
Sec.  1807.902  Data collection and reporting.
    (a) Data; General. The Recipient must maintain such records as may
be prescribed by the CDFI Fund that are necessary to:
    (1) Disclose the manner in which the CMF Award is used, including
providing documentation to demonstrate Project Completion;
    (2) Demonstrate compliance with the requirements of this part and
the Assistance Agreement; and
    (3) Evaluate the impact of the CMF Award.
    (b) Customer profiles. The Recipient must compile such data on the
gender, race, ethnicity, national origin, or other information on
individuals that are benefiting from the CMF Award, as the CDFI Fund
shall prescribe in the Assistance Agreement. Such data will be used to
determine whether residents of the Recipient's Service Area are
adequately served and to evaluate the impact of the CMF Award.
    (c) Access to records. The Recipient must submit such financial and
activity reports, records, statements, and documents at such times, in
such forms, and accompanied by such reporting data, as required by the
CDFI Fund or the U.S. Department of the Treasury to ensure compliance
with the requirements of this part and to evaluate the impact of the
CMF Award. The United States Government, including the U.S. Department
of the Treasury, the Comptroller General, and their duly authorized
representatives, shall have full and free access to the Recipient's
offices and facilities and all books, documents, records, and financial
statements relating to use of Federal funds and may copy such documents
as they deem appropriate and audit or provide for an audit at least
annually. The CDFI Fund, if it deems appropriate, may prescribe access
to record requirements for entities that receive a CMF Award from the
Recipient.
    (d) Retention of records. The Recipient shall comply with all
applicable record retention requirements set forth in the Uniform
Administrative Requirements (as applicable) and the Assistance
Agreement.
    (e) Data collection and reporting--(1) Financial reporting, (i) All
Nonprofit Organization Recipients that are required to have their
financial statements audited pursuant to the Uniform Administrative
Requirements, must submit their single-audits by a time set forth in
the applicable NOFA or Assistance Agreement. Nonprofit Organization
Recipients (excluding Insured CDFIs and State-Insured Credit Unions)
that are not required to have financial statements audited pursuant to
the Uniform Administrative Requirements, must submit to the CDFI Fund a
statement signed by the Recipient's authorized representative or
certified public accountant, asserting that the Recipient is not
required to have a single-audit pursuant to the Uniform Administrative
Requirements as indicated in the Assistance Agreement. In such
instances, the CDFI Fund may require additional audits to be performed
and/or submitted to the CDFI Fund as stated in the applicable Notice of
Funds Availability and Assistance Agreement.
    (ii) For-profit Recipients (excluding Insured CDFIs and State-
Insured Credit Unions) must submit to the CDFI Fund financial
statements audited in conformity with generally accepted auditing
standards as promulgated by the American Institute of Certified Public
Accountants by a time set forth in the applicable NOFA or Assistance
Agreement.
    (iii) Insured CDFIs are not required to submit financial statements
to the CDFI Fund. The CDFI Fund will obtain the necessary information
from publicly available sources. State-Insured Credit Unions must
submit to the CDFI Fund copies of the financial statements that they
submit to the Appropriate State Agency.
    (2) Annual report. (i) The Recipient shall submit a performance and
financial report that shall be specified in the Assistance Agreement
(annual report). The annual report consists of several components which
may include, but are not limited to, a report on performance goals and
measures, explanation of any Recipient noncompliance, and such other
information as may be required by the CDFI Fund. The annual report
components shall be specified and described in the Assistance
Agreement.
    (ii) The CDFI Fund will use the annual report to collect data to
assess the Recipient's compliance with its performance goals and the
impact of the CMF and the CDFI industry.
    (iii) The Recipient is responsible for the timely and complete
submission of the annual report, even if all or a portion of the
documents actually are completed by another entity. If such other
entities are required to provide information for the annual report, or
such other documentation that the CDFI Fund might require, the
Recipient is responsible for ensuring that the information is submitted
timely and complete. The CDFI Fund reserves the right to contact such
other entities and require that additional information and
documentation be provided.
    (iv) The CDFI Fund's review of the compliance of an Insured CDFI, a
Depository Institution Holding Company or a State-Insured Credit Union
with the terms and conditions of its Assistance Agreement may also
include information from the Appropriate Federal Banking Agency or
[[Page 6447]]
Appropriate State Agency, as the case may be.
    (f) Public access. The CDFI Fund shall make reports described in
this section available for public inspection after deleting or
redacting any materials necessary to protect privacy or proprietary
interests.
Sec.  1807.903  Compliance with government requirements.
    In carrying out its responsibilities pursuant to an Assistance
Agreement, the Recipient shall comply with all applicable Federal,
State, and local laws, regulations, and ordinances, Uniform
Administrative Requirements, and Executive Orders. Furthermore,
Recipients must comply with the CDFI Fund's environmental quality
regulations (12 CFR part 1815) as well as all other Federal
environmental requirements applicable to Federal awards.
Sec.  1807.904  Lobbying restrictions.
    No CMF Award may be expended by a Recipient to pay any person to
influence or attempt to influence any agency, elected official, officer
or employee of a State or local government in connection with the
making, award, extension, continuation, renewal, amendment, or
modification of any State or local government contract, grant, loan or
cooperative agreement as such terms are defined in 31 U.S.C. 1352.
Sec.  1807.905  Criminal provisions.
    The criminal provisions of 18 U.S.C. 657 regarding embezzlement or
misappropriation of funds are applicable to all Recipients and
insiders.
Sec.  1807.906  CDFI Fund deemed not to control.
    The CDFI Fund shall not be deemed to control a Recipient by reason
of any CMF Award provided under the Act for the purpose of any
applicable law.
Sec.  1807.907  Limitation on liability.
    The liability of the CDFI Fund and the United States Government
arising out of any CMF Award shall be limited to the amount of the CMF
Award. The CDFI Fund shall be exempt from any assessments and other
liabilities that may be imposed on controlling or principal
shareholders by any Federal law or the law of any State. Nothing in
this section shall affect the application of any Federal tax law.
Sec.  1807.908  Fraud, waste and abuse.
    Any person who becomes aware of the existence or apparent existence
of fraud, waste or abuse of a CMF Award should report such incidences
to the Office of Inspector General of the U.S. Department of the
Treasury.
Mary Ann Donovan,
Director, Community Development Financial Institutions Fund.
[FR Doc. 2016-02132 Filed 2-3-16; 4:15 pm]
 BILLING CODE 4810-70-P


 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: February 9, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             147 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            February 8, 2016 Monday

Federal Register: Capital Magnet Fund

LENGTH: 15737  words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Washington: Office of the Federal Register has issued the following notice:





DEPARTMENT OF THE TREASURY
Community Development Financial Institutions Fund
12 CFR Part 1807
RIN 1559-AA00
Capital Magnet Fund
AGENCY: Community Development Financial Institutions Fund, Department
of the Treasury.
ACTION: Interim rule with request for public comment.


-----------------------------------------------------------------------
SUMMARY: The Department of the Treasury is issuing an interim rule
implementing the Capital Magnet Fund (CMF), administered by the
Community Development Financial Institutions Fund (CDFI Fund). This
interim rule incorporates updates to the definitions, requirements and
parameters for CMF implementation and administration. In addition,
sections of the CMF interim rule regarding certain definitions and
project level requirements are revised in order to facilitate alignment
with other federal housing programs and ease of administration. These
revisions are modeled after the credit requirements for Low Income
Housing Credits (LIHTCs) under section 42 of the Internal Revenue Code
of 1986, as amended, and the program requirements of the HOME
Investment Partnership Program (HOME Program) authorized under Title II
of the Cranston-Gonzalez National Affordable Housing Act, as amended,
and the HOME Program final rule published on July 24, 2013.
    This interim rule also reflects requirements set forth in a final
rule, Uniform Administrative Requirements, Cost Principles and Audit
Requirements for Federal Awards, adopted by the Department of the
Treasury on December 19, 2014 (hereafter referred to as the Uniform
Administrative Requirements). The Uniform Administrative Requirements
constitute a government-wide framework for grants management codified
by the Office of Management and Budget (OMB), combining several OMB
grants management circulars aimed at reducing the administrative burden
for Recipients, and reducing the risk of waste, fraud and abuse of
Federal financial assistance. The Uniform Administrative Requirements
establish financial, administrative, procurement, and program
management standards with which Federal award-making programs,
including those administered by the CDFI Fund, and Recipients must
comply. Accordingly, this interim rule includes revisions necessary to
implement the Uniform Administrative Requirements, as well as to make
certain technical corrections and certain programmatic updates, as well
as provide clarifying language to existing program requirements.
DATES: Effective date: February 8, 2016. All comments must be written
and must be received in the offices of the CDFI Fund on or before April
8, 2016. The compliance date requirements for the collection of
information in Sec.  1807.902 is stayed indefinitely, pending Office of
Management and Budget approval and assignment of an OMB control number.
ADDRESSES: You may submit comments concerning this interim rule via the
Federal e-Rulemaking Portal at http://www.regulations.gov (please
follow the instructions for submitting comments). All submissions must
include the agency name and Regulatory Information Number (RIN) for
this rulemaking. Information regarding the CDFI Fund and its programs
may be obtained through the CDFI Fund's Web site at http://www.cdfifund.gov.
FOR FURTHER INFORMATION CONTACT: Marcia Sigal, CMF Program Manager,
Community Development Financial Institutions Fund, at
cdfihelp@cdfi.treas.gov
SUPPLEMENTARY INFORMATION:
I. Background
    The Capital Magnet Fund (CMF) was established through the Housing
and Economic Recovery Act of 2008 (the Act), Public Law 110-289,
section 1131, as a trust fund, the appropriation to which was used to
carry out a competitive grant program administered by the CDFI Fund.
The mission of the CDFI Fund is to increase economic opportunity and
promote community development investments for underserved populations
and in distressed communities in the United States. Its long term
vision is an America in which all people have access to affordable
credit, capital and financial services.
    The Act requires Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac to set aside an amount
equal to 4.2 basis points for each dollar of their unpaid principal
balances of total new business purchases to be allocated to the Housing
Trust Fund (administered by the Department of Housing and Urban
Development) and the Capital Magnet Fund. The Act also provides the
Federal Housing Finance Agency (FHFA) with the authority to temporarily
suspend these allocations upon certain findings. On November 13, 2008,
the Director of the FHFA temporarily suspended the allocation of funds.
On December 11, 2014, the Director of the FHFA terminated the temporary
suspension of those allocations, directing Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac
to begin setting aside and allocating funds to the Housing Trust Fund
and the Capital Magnet Fund. Accordingly, the CDFI Fund is promulgating
this revised interim rule in anticipation of future Capital Magnet Fund
application rounds.
    Through the CMF, the CDFI Fund is authorized to make financial
assistance grants to Certified Community Development Financial
Institutions (CDFIs) and Nonprofit Organizations (if one of their
principal purposes is the development or management of affordable
housing). CMF Awards must be used to attract private financing for and
increase investment in: (i) The Development, Preservation,
Rehabilitation, and Purchase of Affordable Housing for primarily
Extremely Low-, Very Low-, and Low-Income Families; and (ii) Economic
Development Activities which, In Conjunction With Affordable Housing
Activities will implement a Concerted Strategy to stabilize or
revitalize a Low-Income Area or Underserved Rural Area.
    All capitalized terms herein are defined in the definitions section
of the interim rule, as set forth in 12 CFR 1807.104.
II. Comments on the December 3, 2010, Interim Rule
    The comment period for the December 3, 2010, Interim Rule ended on
February 1, 2011. The CDFI Fund received one written comment. The
commenter asserted that the December 3, 2010, Interim Rule did not
allow market-based Section 8 vouchers to be used to satisfy CMF
affordability requirements and that the interim rule should make clear
that, in the event a tenant or a unit in a Multi-family housing project
receives a Federal or State rental subsidy, the maximum rent that can
be charged is the amount allowable under such program. The commenter
suggested that the interim rule should provide for a rent floor of the
project's initial rents, in the event median incomes decrease. The
commenter also suggested that the rent limitation should be adjusted by
the number of bedrooms in the unit.
    In this revised interim rule (at 12 CFR 1807.401(a) and (e)), the
CDFI Fund incorporates the commenter's suggestions regarding Federal or
State rental subsidy and the creation of a rent floor for projects. The
CDFI Fund also adopts the commenter's suggestion that rent limitations
be adjusted by the
[[Page 6435]]
number of bedrooms in the unit (12 CFR 1807.401(a)).
III. Summary of Changes
    Substantive revisions to the interim rule (meaning, revisions other
than the insertion of new language that clarifies existing program
requirements) fall generally into three categories: (i) Adoption of
policy priorities, programmatic changes/clarifications, and technical
corrections; (ii) alignment with the Uniform Administrative
Requirements; and (iii) alignment with HOME Program requirements and
with requirements to qualify for LIHTCs.
    Recent efforts supported by the White House Rental Housing Policy
Working Group, which established joint working groups comprised of
staff from the U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development (HUD),
the U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA), and the U.S. Department of
the Treasury have highlighted the need for alignment amongst federally
subsidized affordable housing program requirements. The CDFI Fund has
determined that Recipients' use of CMF Awards better aligns with LIHTCs
(as opposed to benefits under the HOME Program) in several key
respects, specifically with regard to Project-level requirements. Thus,
this interim rule incorporates some requirements to qualify for LIHTCs
and removes certain requirements that, in the December 10, 2010, CMF
Program interim rule, were modeled after the HOME Program.
    A. Section 1807.101, Summary: ``Community Service Facilities'' has
been stricken as a stand-alone activity; instead, Community Service
Facilities is embedded in the definition of Economic Development
Activities. Per the Uniform Administrative Requirements, the use of the
word ``Awardee'' is replaced with ``Recipient,'' and any reference to a
CMF grant is replaced with ``CMF Award'' as defined in the definitions
section, 12 CFR 1807.104.
    B. Section 1807.102, Relationship to other CDFI Programs: The
requirement for a Certified CDFI to be an operating entity for three
years prior to the application deadline has been deleted; instead, this
subsection establishes that restrictions for using CMF Awards in
conjunction with other CDFI Program awards will be set forth in the
applicable notices of funds, guarantee, or allocation availability.
    C. Section 1807.104, Definitions: As noted above, the defined term
``Awardee'' is deleted and replaced with the new defined term
``Recipient.'' The term ``Applicant'' is now defined. The term ``CMF
Award'' is now defined. The term ``Development'' is revised to clarify
that any combination of the listed activities that result in Affordable
Housing is ``Development.'' The term ``Direct Administrative Expenses''
is now defined. The definition of the term ``Economic Development
Activity'' is revised by striking ``purchase''; the term
``acquisition'' is used instead. The term ``Effective Date'' is now
defined. ``Eligible Income'' is revised to provide adjustments for
Family size. ``Eligible Project Costs'' is revised to strike
``operations'' as an eligible use of CMF Awards. ``Extremely Low-
Income'' is revised to align with income limits published by HUD,
including adjustments for Family size in the case of Homeownership. The
defined term ``Family'' or ``Families'' is revised by removing the
income categories to describe the household. The defined term
``Homeownership'' is updated and restructured based on HOME Program
regulations. The defined term ``Housing'' is also revised to reflect
HOME Program regulation updates. The defined term ``Housing'' is used
in several places throughout the regulations to signify the intent of
the defined term. Some of the structures and facilities excluded from
the definition of Housing may meet the definition of Community Service
Facilities. The term ``In Conjunction With Affordable Housing
Activities'' has been modified in order to be consistent with standards
in other CDFI Fund Programs that fund projects and activities based on
proximity to intended beneficiaries and/or assessment of access to
services for individuals intended to benefit from such programs (e.g.,
Healthy Foods Financing Initiative Financial Assistance under the CDFI
Program). The term ``Investment Period'' is defined in Sec.  1807.104.
The term ``Leveraged Costs'' is revised to clarify that such costs are
limited to Affordable Housing Activities and Economic Development
Activities that exceed the dollar amount of the CMF Award. ``Loan
Guarantee'' is revised to clarify that a loan that is guaranteed with
the CMF Award must be used for Affordable Housing Activities and/or
Economic Development Activities. ``Loan Loss Reserves'' is revised to
clarify that cash reserves set aside to cover losses must be for
Affordable Housing Activities and/or Economic Development Activities.
The term ``Low-Income'' is revised to align with income limits
published by HUD, including adjustments for Family size in the case of
Homeownership. In the case of rental Housing, ``Low-Income'' is revised
to allow for circumstances in which the qualifying Family occupies a
unit that has a Federal or State rental subsidy. The term ``Non-
Metropolitan Area'' is revised to align with and accommodate the OMB
definition, which is periodically updated. The term ``Non-Regulated
CDFI'' is deleted because it is not used in the interim rule. The term
``Operations'' is deleted in Sec.  1807.104 since it is no longer an
eligible activity in Sec.  1807.301; a new term ``Direct Administrative
Expenses'' is defined in Sec.  1807.104. A new term, ``Payment'' is
defined to describe the transmission of CMF Award dollars from the CDFI
Fund to the Recipient. ``Preservation'' is revised to specify that
refinancing must extend the existing affordability and use restrictions
on the property by a minimum of 10 years or as otherwise specified in
the Assistance Agreement. ``Program Income'' is defined to align with
the Uniform Administrative Requirements. ``Project'' is defined to mean
the Affordable Housing Activity and/or Economic Development Activity
that is financed with a CMF Award. The term ``Purchase'' is revised to
clarify that the purchasing Family and Single-family housing must meet
the qualifications set forth in subparts D and E. ``Underserved Rural
Area'' is restructured and revised to serve intended populations per
the statute and allow the CDFI Fund to set forth an alternative
definition of ``Underserved Rural Area'' for any given application
round in the applicable NOFA and/or Assistance Agreement. ``Uniform
Administrative Requirements'' is defined in Sec.  1807.104 to reflect
the Department of the Treasury's codification of the Office of
Management and Budget's government-wide framework for grants
management. The definition of the term ``Very Low-Income'' is revised
to align with income limits published by HUD, including adjustments for
Family size in the case of Homeownership.
    D. Section 1807.107, Applicability of regulations for CMF awards:
Section 1807.107 was added to address the applicability of this rule to
the FY 2010 CMF application round and subsequent application rounds.
The CDFI Fund has determined that this rule applies only to those CMF
awards made pursuant to Notices of Funds Availability (NOFAs) published
after the effective date of this interim rule, except for Sec.
1807.902(e)(1)(i) regarding audited financial statements of Nonprofit
Organization Recipients. As indicated at 2 CFR 200.110, the Uniform
Administrative Requirements, subpart F--Audit Requirements applies to
audits of Nonprofits of fiscal years
[[Page 6436]]
beginning on or after December 26, 2014.
    E. Section 1807.200, Applicant eligibility: In Sec.
1807.200(a)(1), the eligibility requirement that a certifiable CDFI can
apply is deleted because the CDFI Fund has determined that most
Applicants can meet the program's eligibility requirements by being
either a Certified CDFI or a Nonprofit Organization. The eligibility
requirements for a Nonprofit Organization are revised in Sec.
1807.200(a)(2)(iii) to no longer allow an entity to demonstrate its
principal purpose of development or management of affordable housing
through its staffing. Section 1807.200(a)(2)(iii) also states that the
applicable Notice of Funds Availability (NOFA) will indicate the
percentage of a Nonprofit Organization Applicant's assets that must be
dedicated to the development or management of affordable housing.
Section 1807.200(b) is also revised to reflect these eligibility
modifications.
    F. Subpart C, Use of Funds/Eligible activities: Section 1807.300 is
revised to clarify that Recipients must use their CMF Awards for the
financing-related eligible activities set forth in Sec.  1807.301 to
attract private capital and increase investment in those activities in
Sec.  1807.300(a) and (b). Revisions to Sec.  1807.300(b) reinforce the
requirement that when a Recipient undertakes Economic Development
Activities In Conjunction With Affordable Housing Activities, the
Recipient must track and report on such Affordable Housing Activities
if it was financed with a CMF Award. Sections 1807.300 and 1807.301 are
revised by deleting ``Community Service Facilities'' as a stand-alone
eligible activity; instead, ``Community Service Facilities'' is
embedded in the definition of Economic Development Activities. As such,
this term is deleted as a technical correction throughout the interim
rule, when appropriate. Sections 1807.301 and 1807.302 are revised to
eliminate ``operations'' as an eligible activity. The content of former
Sec.  1807.302(c) is now located in Sec.  1807.302(b); the content of
Sec.  1807.302(d) is now located in Sec.  1807.302(c). New Sec.
1807.302(d) and (e) are added to clarify certain tracking and repayment
requirements for Recipients that use CMF Award for Loan Guarantees or
Loan Loss Reserves. Section 1807.302(f) states that Recipients may not
use more than five (5) percent of its CMF Award for Direct
Administrative Expenses. Section 1807.303 is added to address Program
Income requirements.
    G. Subpart D, Qualification as Affordable Housing: Section 1807.400
is revised to indicate that the CDFI Fund may establish greater
commitments for deeper income targeting attributable to Eligible
Project Costs in the applicable NOFA and/or Assistance Agreement.
Section 1807.401 is revised in order to make general program
clarifications and establish certain program requirements, many of
which align with the requirements of the LIHTC Program and the HOME
Program. For example, language was added to Sec.  1807.401 to allow the
CDFI Fund to set forth in the applicable NOFA requirements for
successful applicants to serve targeted incomes that exceed the
requirements of Sec.  1807.401. The rent limitation in Sec.
1807.401(a) is revised to align with requirements to qualify for LIHTCs
and to account for rental subsidies in each of the income categories.
Section 1807.401(c) and (e) are revised to align with requirements to
qualify for LIHTCs. Section 1807.401(f) is revised to align with the
HOME Program regulations' elimination of the U.S. Census long form for
annual income determinations. Thus, the content of the former Sec.
1807.401(f)(2)(i) is deleted and the content of the former Sec.
1807.401(f)(2)(ii) is now located in Sec.  1807.401(f)(2)(i).
Similarly, the content of the former Sec.  1807.401(f)(2)(iii) has
moved up and is now located in Sec.  1807.401(f)(2)(ii). Section
1807.401(g)(2) is revised to clarify rent restrictions when rent is
subject to IRC sections 42(g)(2) and 42(h)(6). Section 1807.401(g)(3)
is revised to clarify that any replacement unit must meet the
affordability qualifications for the income category of the unit that
is being replaced. Section 1807.402(a) and (b) are revised by replacing
``acquisition'' with ``Purchase'' to reflect the use of the new defined
term. Section 1807.402(a)(5) is revised to clarify that, in the event
of resale of CMF-financed Single-family housing to a non-qualifying
family before the 10-year affordability period ends, the Recipient must
use an equivalent amount of the CMF Award used for the applicable
Affordable Housing Activity, whether recouped or not, to finance
additional Affordable Housing Activities for a qualifying Family in the
same income category for Homeownership.
    H. Subpart E, Leveraging and Commitment Requirement: Section
1807.500(b) is revised to include the Assistance Agreement as a source
for the required percentage of Leveraged Costs that must be funded by
non-governmental sources. Section 1807.500(a)(1) is deleted because
``operations'' is no longer an eligible activity and defined term.
Accordingly, the former Sec.  1807.500(a)(2) is now Sec.
1807.500(b)(2) and former Sec.  1807.500(a)(3) is now Sec.
1807.500(b)(2)(ii). Section 1807.500(b)(2)(iii) was added to address
eligible Leveraged Costs for Economic Development Activities. The
content of former Sec.  1807.500(b) is deleted. Section 1807.501(a) is
revised and section 1807.501(b) is added to account for the eligible
activity ``Purchase'' to a qualifying Family, and Sec.  1807.501(b)(3)
is added to provide more accountability regarding Project Completion.
Section 1807.501(c) and (d) are added to align with the Uniform
Administrative Requirements regarding Payments. Section 1807.503 is
revised to include property standards necessary to ensure that CMF
Awards are invested in structures and units that are sound, decent,
safe and sanitary; such standards are largely adopted from the HOME
Program and the requirements to qualify for LIHTCs. Section
1807.503(a)(4) is added to address Project Completion in the case of
Preservation. The content of the former Sec.  1807.503(b)(2) is now
located in Sec.  1807.503(b)(2)(i) and a new Sec.  1807.503(b)(2)(ii)
is added to address disaster mitigation in regards to Project
Completion. Section 1807.503(b)(2)(iii) is added to address lead-based
paint. The content of former Sec.  1807.503(b)(3) is now moved to Sec.
1807.503(b)(4) and incorporates recent HOME Program updates. Thus,
Sec.  1807.503(b)(3) contains new content regarding Rehabilitation
standards. The content of former Sec.  1807.503(c) is moved to Sec.
1807.503(a)(3).
    I. Subpart F, Tracking Requirements: Section 1807.601 is renamed
and revised to reflect that the Uniform Administrative Requirements
apply to all CMF Awards and sets forth the CDFI Fund's policy that
indirect costs are not allowed. Section 1807.602 also establishes the
circumstances in which a CMF Award loses its so-called ``Federal
character.'' Section 1807.602 is also revised to clarify that CMF
Awards are Federal financial assistance for purposes of the
applicability of Federal civil rights laws.
    J. Subpart H, Evaluation and Selection of Applications: In Sec.
1807.800(c)(3) ``blight'' is deleted as an ambiguous term.
    K. Subpart I, Terms and Conditions of Assistance: Section
1807.900(c) is revised to clarify statutory requirements regarding
notice and hearing. To align with the Uniform Administrative
Requirements, Sec.  1807.901 ``Disbursement of funds'' is renamed
``Payment of funds'' to reflect the transmission of CMF Award dollars
[[Page 6437]]
from the CDFI Fund to the Recipient as a ``Payment.'' Section
1807.902(d) and (e) are revised to accommodate the audit requirements
of the Uniform Administrative Requirements. Pursuant to revised Sec.
1807.902(e)(1), Nonprofit Organizations that are not required to have
their financial statements audited pursuant to the Uniform
Administrative Requirements may still be subject to additional audit
requirements, which will be set forth in the applicable NOFA and
Assistance Agreement. In addition, Sec.  1807.902(e)(2), ``Performance
Goal Reporting,'' is renamed as ``Annual Report'' and revised to
clarify and require the submission of performance and financial
reporting in the form of an annual report, as further specified in the
Assistance Agreement. Section 1807.902(e)(3) is added to clarify the
compliance requirements for Insured CDFIs, Depository Institution
Holding Companies, and State-Insured Credit Unions. Section
1807.902(e)(4) is added to convey that any reports under Sec.  1807.902
may be subject to public inspection per the Freedom of Information Act.
Section 1807.903 is revised to specify that in addition to all other
Federal, state, and local laws, Recipients shall also comply with all
applicable Federal environmental requirements.
IV. Rulemaking Analysis
A. Executive Order (E.O.) 12866
    It has been determined that this interim rule is not a significant
regulatory action under Executive Order 12866. Accordingly, a
regulatory impact assessment is not required.
B. Regulatory Flexibility Act
    Because no notice of proposed rulemaking is required under the
Administrative Procedure Act (5 U.S.C 553), or any other law, the
Regulatory Flexibility Act does not apply.
C. Paperwork Reduction Act
    The collections of information contained in this interim rule will
be reviewed and approved by the Office of Management and Budget (OMB)
in accordance with the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995 and assigned the
applicable, approved OMB Control Numbers associated with the CDFI Fund
under 1559-XXXX. An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is
not required to respond to, a collection of information unless it
displays a valid control number assigned by OMB. This document restates
the collections of information without substantive change.
D. National Environmental Policy Act
    This interim rule has been reviewed in accordance with the CDFI
Fund's environmental quality regulations (12 CFR part 1815),
promulgated pursuant to the National Environmental Protection Act of
1969 (NEPA), which requires that the CDFI Fund adequately consider the
cumulative impact proposed activities have upon the human environment.
It is the determination of the CDFI Fund that the interim rule does not
constitute a major federal action significantly affecting the quality
of the human environment and, in accordance with the NEPA and the CDFI
Fund's environmental quality regulations (12 CFR part 1815), neither an
Environmental Assessment nor an Environmental Impact Statement is
required.
E. Administrative Procedure Act
    Because the revisions to this interim rule relate to loans and
grants, notice and public procedure and a delayed effective date are
not required pursuant to the Administrative Procedure Act, 5 U.S.C.
553(a)(2).
F. Comment
    Public comment is solicited on all aspects of this interim rule.
The CDFI Fund will consider all comments made on the substance of this
interim rule, but it does not intend to hold hearings.
G. Catalogue of Federal Domestic Assistance Number
    Capital Magnet Fund--21.011.
List of Subjects in 12 CFR Part 1807
    Community development, Grant programs--housing and community
development, Reporting and record keeping requirements.
0
For the reasons set forth in the preamble, 12 CFR part 1807 is revised
to read as follows:
PART 1807--CAPITAL MAGNET FUND
Subpart A--General Provisions
Sec.
1807.100 Purpose.
1807.101 Summary.
1807.102 Relationship to other CDFI Fund programs.
1807.103 Recipient not instrumentality.
1807.104 Definitions.
1807.105 Waiver authority.
1807.106 OMB control number.
1807.107 Applicability of regulations for CMF Awards.
Subpart B--Eligibility
1807.200 Applicant eligibility.
Subpart C--Eligible Purposes; Eligible Activities; Restrictions
1807.300 Eligible purposes.
1807.301 Eligible activities.
1807.302 Restrictions on use of CMF Award.
1807.303 Authorized uses of Program Income.
Subpart D--Qualification as Affordable Housing
1807.400 Affordable Housing--general.
1807.401 Affordable Housing--Rental Housing.
1807.402 Affordable Housing--Homeownership.
Subpart E--Leveraged Costs; Eligible Project Costs; Commitment
Requirements
1807.500 Leveraged Costs; Eligible Project Costs.
1807.501 Commitments; Payments.
1807.502 CMF Award limits.
1807.503 Projection Completion; Property standards.
Subpart F--Tracking Funds; Uniform Administrative Requirements; Nature
of Funds
1807.600 Tracking funds.
1807.601 Uniform Administrative Requirements.
1807.602 Nature of funds.
Subpart G--Notice of Funds Availability; Applications
1807.700 Notice of funds availability.
Subpart H--Evaluation and Selection of Applications
1807.800 Evaluation and selection--general.
1807.801 Evaluation of applications.
Subpart I--Terms and Conditions of CMF Award
1807.900 Assistance agreement.
1807.901 Payment of funds.
1807.902 Data collection and reporting.
1807.903 Compliance with government requirements.
1807.904 Lobbying restrictions.
1807.905 Criminal provisions.
1807.906 CDFI Fund deemed not to control.
1807.907 Limitation on liability.
1807.908 Fraud, waste and abuse.
    Authority:  12 U.S.C. 4569.
Subpart A--General Provisions
Sec.  1807.100  Purpose.
    The purpose of the Capital Magnet Fund (CMF) is to attract private
capital for and increase investment in Affordable Housing Activities
and related Economic Development Activities.
Sec.  1807.101  Summary.
    (a) Through the CMF, the CDFI Fund competitively awards grants to
CDFIs and qualified Nonprofit Organizations to leverage dollars for:
    (1) The Development, Preservation, Rehabilitation or Purchase of
Affordable Housing primarily for Low-Income Families; and
[[Page 6438]]
    (2) Financing Economic Development Activities.
    (b) The CDFI Fund will select Recipients to receive CMF Awards
through a merit-based, competitive application process. CMF Awards may
only be used for eligible uses set forth in subpart C of this part.
Each Recipient will enter into an Assistance Agreement that will
require it to leverage the CMF Award amount and abide by other terms
and conditions pertinent to any assistance received under this part.
Sec.  1807.102  Relationship to other CDFI Fund programs.
    Restrictions on applying for, receiving, and using CMF Awards in
conjunction with awards under other programs administered by the CDFI
Fund (including, but not limited to, the Bank Enterprise Award Program,
the CDFI Program, the CDFI Bond Guarantee Program, the Native American
CDFI Assistance (NACA) Program, and the New Markets Tax Credit Program)
are as set forth in the applicable Notice of Funds Availability, Notice
of Guarantee Availability, or Notice of Allocation Availability.
Sec.  1807.103  Recipient not instrumentality.
    No Recipient shall be deemed to be an agency, department, or
instrumentality of the United States.
Sec.  1807.104  Definitions.
    For the purpose of this part:
    Act means the Housing and Economic Recovery Act of 2008, as
amended, Public Law 110-289, section 1131;
    Affiliate means any entity that Controls, is Controlled by, or is
under common Control with, an entity;
    Affordable Housing means housing that meets the requirements set
forth in subpart D of this part;
    Affordable Housing Activities means the Development, Preservation,
Rehabilitation, and/or Purchase of Affordable Housing;
    Affordable Housing Fund means a revolving loan, grant or investment
fund that is:
    (1) Managed by the Recipient; and
    (2) Uses its capital to finance Affordable Housing Activities;
    Applicant means any entity submitting an application for a CMF
Award;
    Appropriate Federal Banking Agency has the same meaning as in
section 3 of the Federal Deposit Insurance Act, 12 U.S.C. 1813(q), and
includes, with respect to Insured Credit Unions, the National Credit
Union Administration;
    Appropriate State Agency means an agency or instrumentality of a
State that regulates and/or insures the member accounts of a State-
Insured Credit Union;
    Assistance Agreement means a formal, written agreement between the
CDFI Fund and a Recipient, which agreement specifies the terms and
conditions of assistance under this part;
    Capital Magnet Fund (or CMF) means the program authorized by the
Act and implemented under this part;
    CMF Award means the financial assistance in the form of a grant
made by the CDFI Fund to a Recipient pursuant to this part;
    Certified Community Development Financial Institution (or Certified
CDFI) means an entity that has been determined by the CDFI Fund to meet
the certification requirements set forth in 12 CFR 1805.201;
    Committed means that the Recipient is able to demonstrate, in
written form and substance that is acceptable to the CDFI Fund, a
commitment for use of CMF Award, as set forth in Sec.  1807.501;
    Community Development Financial Institutions Fund (or CDFI Fund)
means the Community Development Financial Institutions Fund, the U.S.
Department of the Treasury, established pursuant to the Community
Development Banking and Financial Institutions Act of 1994, as amended,
12 U.S.C. 4701 et seq.;
    Community Service Facility means the physical structure in which
service programs for residents or service programs for the broader
community (including, but not limited to, health care, childcare,
educational programs including literacy and after school programs, job
training, food and nutrition services, cultural programs, and/or social
services) operate that, In Conjunction With Affordable Housing
Activities, implements a Concerted Strategy to stabilize or revitalize
a Low-Income Area or Underserved Rural Area;
    Concerted Strategy means a formal planning document that evidences
the connection between Affordable Housing Activities and Economic
Development Activities. Such documents include, but are not limited to,
a comprehensive, consolidated, or redevelopment plan, or some other
local or regional planning document adopted or approved by the
jurisdiction;
    Control means:
    (1) Ownership, control, or power to vote 25 percent or more of the
outstanding shares of any class of Voting Securities of any company,
directly or indirectly or acting through one or more other persons;
    (2) Control in any manner over the election of a majority of the
directors, trustees, or general partners (or individuals exercising
similar functions) of any company; or
    (3) The power to exercise, directly or indirectly, a controlling
influence over the management, credit or investment decisions, or
policies of any company;
    Depository Institution Holding Company means a bank holding company
or a savings and loan holding company as each are defined in the
Federal Deposit Insurance Act, 12 U.S.C. 1813(w);
    Development means any combination of the following Project
activities: Land acquisition, demolition of existing facilities, and
construction of new facilities, which may include site improvement,
utilities development and rehabilitation of utilities, necessary
infrastructure, utility services, conversion, and other related
activities resulting in Affordable Housing;
    Direct Administrative Expenses means direct costs incurred by the
Recipient, related to the financing of the Project as described in 2
CFR 200.413 of the Uniform Administrative Requirements;
    Economic Development Activity means the development, preservation,
acquisition and/or rehabilitation of Community Service Facilities and/
or other physical structures in which neighborhood-based businesses
operate which, In Conjunction With Affordable Housing Activities,
implements a Concerted Strategy to stabilize or revitalize a Low-Income
Area or Underserved Rural Area;
    Effective Date means the date that the Assistance Agreement is
effective; such date is determined by the CDFI Fund after the Recipient
has returned an executed, original Assistance Agreement, along with all
required supporting documentation, including the opinion of counsel, if
required;
    Eligible-Income means:
    (1) Having, in the case of owner-occupied Housing units, annual
income not in excess of 120 percent of the area median income adjusted
for Family size in the same manner as HUD makes these adjustments for
its other published income limits; and
    (2) Having, in the case of rental Housing units, annual income not
in excess of 120 percent of the area median income, adjusted for Family
size in the same manner as HUD makes these adjustments for its
published income limits;
    Eligible Project Costs means Leveraged Costs plus those costs
funded directly by a CMF Award;
    Extremely Low-Income means:
    (1) Having, in the case of owner-occupied Housing units, income not
in excess of 30 percent of the area median
[[Page 6439]]
income, adjusted for Family size, as determined by HUD, except that HUD
may establish income ceilings higher or lower than 30 percent of the
median for the area on the basis of HUD findings that such variations
are necessary because of prevailing levels of construction costs or
fair market rents, or unusually high or low Family incomes and
    (2) Having, in the case of rental Housing units, income not in
excess of 30 percent of the area median income, adjusted for Family
size, as determined by HUD, except that HUD may establish income
ceilings higher or lower than 30 percent of the median for the area on
the basis of HUD findings that such variations are necessary because of
prevailing levels of construction costs or fair market rents, or
unusually high or low Family incomes;
    Family or Families means households that reside within the
boundaries of the United Sates (which shall encompass any State of the
United States, the District of Columbia or any territory of the United
States, including Puerto Rico, Guam, American Samoa, the U. S. Virgin
Islands, and the Northern Mariana Islands);
    HOME Program means the HOME Investment Partnership Program
established by the HOME Investment Partnerships Act under title II of
the Cranston-Gonzalez National Affordable Housing Act, as amended, 42
U.S.C. 12701 et seq.;
    Homeownership means ownership in fee simple title interest in one-
to four-unit Housing or in a condominium unit, or equivalent form of
ownership approved by the CDFI Fund. The Recipient must determine
whether ownership or membership in a cooperative or mutual housing
project constitutes Homeownership under State law. The ownership
interest is subject to the following additional requirements:
    (1) Except as otherwise provided in paragraphs (1)(i), (ii), and
(iii) of this definition, the land may be owned in fee simple or the
homeowner may have a 99-year ground lease;
    (i) For Housing located on Indian trust or restricted Indian lands,
the ground lease must be for 50 years or more;
    (ii) For Housing located in Guam, the Northern Mariana Islands, the
U. S. Virgin Islands, and American Samoa, the ground lease must be 40
years or more;
    (iii) For manufactured housing, the ground lease must be for a
minimum period of 10 years or such other applicable time period
regarding location set forth in this definition of Homeownership at the
time of purchase by the homeowner;
    (2) Ownership interest may not merely consist of a right to
possession under a contract for deed, installment contract, or land
contract (pursuant to which the deed is not given until the final
payment is made);
    (3) Ownership interest may only be subject to the restrictions on
resale permitted under the Assistance Agreement and this part;
mortgages, deeds of trust, or other liens or instruments securing debt
on the property; or any other restrictions or encumbrances that do not
impair the good and marketable nature of title to the ownership
interest;
    Housing means Single-family and Multi-family residential units
including, but not limited to, manufactured housing and manufactured
housing lots, permanent housing for disabled and/or homeless persons,
transitional housing, single-room occupancy housing, and group homes.
Housing also includes elder cottage housing opportunity (ECHO) units
that are small, free- standing, barrier-free, energy-efficient,
removable, and designed to be installed adjacent to existing single-
family dwellings. Housing does not include emergency shelters
(including shelters for disaster victims) or facilities such as nursing
homes, convalescent homes, hospitals, residential treatment facilities,
correctional facilities, halfway houses, housing for students, or
dormitories (including farmworker dormitories);
    HUD means the Department of Housing and Urban Development
established under the Department of Housing and Urban Development Act
of 1965, 42 U.S.C. 3532 et seq.;
    In Conjunction With Affordable Housing means:
    (1) Physically proximate to; and
    (2) Reasonably available to residents of Affordable Housing that is
subject to Affordable Housing Activities. For a Metropolitan Area, In
Conjunction With means located within the same census tract or within 1
mile of such Affordable Housing. For a Non-Metropolitan Area, In
Conjunction With means located within the same county, township, or
village, or within 10 miles of such Affordable Housing;
    Insured CDFI means a Certified CDFI that is an Insured Depository
Institution or an Insured Credit Union;
    Insured Credit Union means any credit union, the member accounts of
which are insured by the National Credit Union Share Insurance Fund by
the National Credit Union Administration pursuant to authority granted
in 12 U.S.C. 1783 et seq.;
    Insured Depository Institution means any bank or thrift, the
deposits of which are insured by the Federal Deposit Insurance
Corporation as determined in 12 U.S.C. 1813(c)(2);
    Investment Period means the period beginning with the Effective
Date and ending on the fifth year anniversary of the Effective Date, or
such other period as may be established by the CDFI Fund in the
Assistance Agreement;
    Leveraged Costs means costs for Affordable Housing Activities and
Economic Development Activities that exceed the dollar amount of the
CMF Award, as further described in Sec.  1807.500;
    Loan Guarantee means the Recipient's use of CMF Award to support an
agreement to indemnify the holder of a loan all or a portion of the
unpaid principal balance in case of default by the borrower. The
proceeds of the loan that is guaranteed with the CMF Award must be used
for Affordable Housing Activities and/or Economic Development
Activities;
    Loan Loss Reserves means proceeds from the CMF Award that the
Recipient will set aside in the form of cash reserves, or through
accounting-based accrual reserves, to cover losses on loans, accounts,
and notes receivable for Affordable Housing Activities and/or Economic
Development Activities, or for related purposes that the CDFI Fund
deems appropriate;
    Low-Income means:
    (1) Having, in the case of owner-occupied Housing units, income not
in excess of 80 percent of area median income, adjusted for Family
size, as determined by HUD, except that HUD may establish income
ceilings higher or lower than 80 percent of the median for the area on
the basis of HUD findings that such variations are necessary because of
prevailing levels of construction costs or fair market rents, or
unusually high or low Family incomes; and
    (2) Having, in the case of rental Housing units, income not in
excess of 80 percent of area median income, adjusted for Family size,
as determined by HUD, except that HUD may establish income ceilings
higher or lower than 80 percent of the median for the area on the basis
of HUD findings that such variations are necessary because of
prevailing levels of construction costs or fair market rents, or
unusually high or low Family incomes;
    Low-Income Area or LIA means a census tract or block numbering area
in which the median income does not exceed 80 percent of the median
income for the area in which such census tract or block numbering area
is located. With respect to a census tract or block numbering area
located within a
[[Page 6440]]
Metropolitan Area, the median Family income shall be at or below 80
percent of the Metropolitan Area median Family income or the national
Metropolitan Area median Family income, whichever is greater. In the
case of a census tract or block numbering area located outside of a
Metropolitan Area, the median Family income shall be at or below 80
percent of the statewide Non-Metropolitan Area median Family income or
the national Non-Metropolitan Area median Family income, whichever is
greater;
    Low Income Housing Credits (or LIHTCs) means credits against income
tax under section 42 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended,
26 U.S.C. 42;
    Metropolitan Area means an area designated as such by the Office of
Management and Budget pursuant to 44 U.S.C. 3504(e) and 31 U.S.C.
1104(d) and Executive Order 10253 (3 CFR, 1949-1953 Comp., p. 758), as
amended;
    Multi-family housing means residential properties consisting of
five or more dwelling units, such as a condominium unit, cooperative
unit, apartment, or townhouse;
    Non-Metropolitan Area means counties that are designated as Non-
Metropolitan Counties by the Office of Management and Budget (OMB)
pursuant to 44 U.S.C. 3504(e) and 31 U.S.C. 1104(d) and Executive Order
10253 (3 CFR, 1949-1953 Comp., p. 758), as amended, and as made
available by the CDFI Fund for a specific application funding round;
    Nonprofit Organization means any corporation, trust, association,
cooperative, or other organization that is:
    (1) Designated as a nonprofit or not-for-profit entity under the
laws of the organization's State of formation; and
    (2) Exempt from Federal income taxation pursuant to the Internal
Revenue Code of 1986;
    Participating Jurisdiction means a jurisdiction designated by HUD
as such under the HOME Program in accordance with the requirements of
24 CFR 92.105;
    Payment means the transmission of CMF Award dollars from the CDFI
Fund to the Recipient;
    Preservation means:
    (1) Activities to refinance, with or without Rehabilitation,
Single-family housing or Multi-family housing (rental) mortgages that,
at the time of refinancing, are subject to affordability and use
restrictions under the LIHTC statute or under State or Federal
affordable housing programs, including but not limited to, the HOME
Program, properties with Federal project-based rental assistance, or
the USDA rental housing programs, hereinafter referred to as ``similar
State or Federal affordable housing programs,'' where such refinancing
has the effect of extending the term of any existing affordability and
use restrictions on the properties by a minimum 10 years or as
otherwise specified in the Assistance Agreement;
    (2) Activities to refinance and acquire Single-family housing or
Multi-family housing that, at the time of refinancing or acquisition,
were subject to affordability and use restrictions under similar State
or Federal affordable housing programs or under the LIHTC statute, by
the former tenants of such properties, where such refinancing has the
effect of extending the term of any existing affordability and use
restrictions on the properties by a minimum 10 years or as otherwise
specified in the Assistance Agreement;
    (3) Activities to refinance the mortgages of owner-occupied,
Single-family housing that, at the time of refinancing, are subject to
affordability and use restrictions under similar State or Federal
affordable housing programs, where such refinancing has the effect of
extending the term of any existing affordability and use restrictions
on the properties by a minimum 10 years or as otherwise specified in
the Assistance Agreement;
    (4) Activities to acquire Single-family housing or Multi-family
housing, with or without Rehabilitation, with the commitment to subject
the properties to the affordability qualifications set forth in subpart
D of this part; or
    (5) Activities to refinance, with or without Rehabilitation,
Single-family housing or Multi-family housing, with the commitment to
subject the properties to the affordability qualifications set forth in
subpart D of this part;
    Program Income means gross income, as further described in 2 CFR
part 1000;
    Project means the Affordable Housing Activity and/or Economic
Development Activity that is financed with the CMF Award;
    Project Completion means that all of the requirements set forth at
Sec.  1807.503 for a Project have been met;
    Purchase means to provide direct financing to a Family for purposes
of Homeownership. Before the Recipient provides any financing to a
Family for Homeownership purposes, the Recipient must verify that the
Family and the Single-family housing meet the qualifications set forth
in subparts D and E of this part;
    Recipient means an Applicant selected by the CDFI Fund to receive a
CMF Award pursuant to this part;
    Rehabilitation means any repairs and/or capital improvements that
contribute to the long-term preservation, current building code
compliance, habitability, sustainability, or energy efficiency of
Affordable Housing;
    Revolving Loan Fund means a pool of funds managed by the Applicant
or the Recipient wherein repayments on loans for Affordable Housing
Activities or Economic Development Activities are used to refinance
additional loans;
    Risk-Sharing Loan means loans for Affordable Housing Activities
and/or Economic Development Activities in which the risk of borrower
default is shared by the Applicant or Recipient with other lenders
(e.g., participation loans);
    Service Area means the geographic area in which the Applicant
proposes to use the CMF Award, and the geographic area approved by the
CDFI Fund in which the Recipient must use the CMF Award as set forth in
its Assistance Agreement;
    Single-family housing means a one- to four-Family residence, a
condominium unit, a cooperative unit, a combination of manufactured
housing and lot, or a manufactured housing lot;
    State means the states of the United States, the District of
Columbia, the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico, the Commonwealth of the
Northern Mariana Island, Guam, the U.S. Virgin Islands, American Samoa,
the Trust Territory of the Pacific Islands, and any other territory of
the United States;
    State-Insured Credit Union means any credit union that is regulated
by, and/or the member accounts of which are insured by, a State agency
or instrumentality;
    Subsidiary means any company that is owned or Controlled directly
or indirectly by another company;
    Underserved Rural Area means:
    (1) A Non-Metropolitan Area that:
    (i) Qualifies as a Low-Income Area; and
    (ii) Is experiencing economic distress evidenced by 30 percent or
more of resident households with one or more of these four housing
conditions in the most recent census for which data are available:
    (A) Lacking complete plumbing;
    (B) Lacking complete kitchen;
    (C) Paying 30 percent or more of income for owner costs or tenant
rent; or
    (D) Having more than 1 person per room;
    (2) An area as specified in the applicable NOFA and/or Assistance
Agreement;
    Uniform Administrative Requirements means the Uniform
Administrative
[[Page 6441]]
Requirements, Cost Principles, and Audit Requirements for Federal
Awards (2 CFR part 1000);
    Very Low-Income means:
    (1) Having, in the case of owner-occupied Housing, income not
greater than 50 percent of the area median income with adjustments for
Family size, as determined by HUD, except that HUD may establish income
ceilings higher or lower than 50 percent of the median for the area on
the basis of HUD findings that such variations are necessary because of
prevailing levels of construction costs or fair market rents, or
unusually high or low Family incomes; and
    (2) Having, in the case of rental Housing, income not greater than
50 percent of the area median income, with adjustments for Family size,
as determined by HUD, except that HUD may establish income ceilings
higher or lower than 50 percent of the median for the area on the basis
of HUD findings that such variations are necessary because of
prevailing levels of construction costs or fair market rents, or
unusually high or low Family incomes.
Sec.  1807.105  Waiver authority.
    The CDFI Fund may waive any requirement of this part that is not
required by law upon a determination of good cause. Each such waiver
shall be in writing and supported by a statement of the facts and the
grounds forming the basis of the waiver. For a waiver in an individual
case, the CDFI Fund must determine that application of the requirement
to be waived would adversely affect the achievement of the purposes of
the Act. For waivers of general applicability, the CDFI Fund will
publish notification of granted waivers in the Federal Register.
Sec.  1807.106  OMB control number.
    The OMB control number for the CMF Award application is 1559-0036.
The compliance date requirements for the collection of information in
Sec.  1807.902 is stayed indefinitely, pending Office of Management and
Budget approval and assignment of an OMB control number.
Sec.  1807.107  Applicability of regulations for CMF Awards.
    As of February 8, 2016, the regulations of this part are applicable
for CMF Awards made pursuant to Notices of Funds Availability published
after February 8, 2016.
Subpart B--Eligibility
Sec.  1807.200  Applicant eligibility.
    (a) General requirements. An Applicant will be deemed eligible to
apply for a CMF Award if it is:
    (1) A Certified CDFI. An entity may meet the requirements described
in this paragraph (a)(1) if it is:
    (i) A Certified CDFI, as set forth in 12 CFR 1805.201,
    (ii) A Certified CDFI that has been in existence as a legally
formed entity as set forth in the applicable Notice of Funds
Availability (NOFA); or
    (2) A Nonprofit Organization having as one of its principal
purposes the development or management of affordable housing. An entity
may meet the requirements described in this paragraph (a)(2) if it:
    (i) Has been in existence as a legally formed entity as set forth
in the applicable NOFA;
    (ii) Demonstrates, through articles of incorporation, by-laws, or
other board-approved documents, that the development or management of
affordable housing are among its principal purposes; and
    (iii) Can demonstrate that a certain percentage, set forth in the
applicable NOFA, of the Applicant's total assets are dedicated to the
development or management of affordable housing.
    (b) Eligibility verification. An Applicant shall demonstrate that
it meets the eligibility requirements described in paragraph (a)(2) of
this section by providing information described in the application,
NOFA, and/or supplemental information, as may be requested by the CDFI
Fund. For an Applicant seeking eligibility under paragraph (a)(1) of
this section, the CDFI Fund will verify that the Applicant is a
Certified CDFI during the application eligibility review.
Subpart C--Eligible Purposes; Eligible Activities; Restrictions
Sec.  1807.300  Eligible purposes.
    Each Recipient must use its CMF Award for the eligible activities
described in Sec.  1807.301 so long as such eligible activities
increase private capital for and increase investment in:
    (a) Development, Preservation, Rehabilitation, and/or Purchase of
Affordable Housing for primarily Extremely Low-Income, Very Low-Income,
and Low-Income Families; and/or
    (b) Economic Development Activities.
    (1) Economic Development Activity must support Affordable Housing;
    (2) The Recipient may undertake Economic Development Activity In
Conjunction With Affordable Housing Activities that are undertaken by
parties other than the Recipient;
    (3) If the Recipient uses its CMF Award to fund an Economic
Development Activity In Conjunction With Affordable Housing Activity,
it must track the resulting Affordable Housing, as set forth in subpart
D of this part, to the extent the Affordable Housing was financed by
the CMF Award. For the purposes of meeting the 10-year affordability
period requirement, Recipients are not required to track Affordable
Housing that was financed by sources other than the CMF Award.
Sec.  1807.301  Eligible activities.
    The Recipient must use its CMF Award to finance and support
Affordable Housing Activities and/or Economic Development Activities
through the following eligible activities:
    (a) To capitalize Loan Loss Reserves;
    (b) To capitalize a Revolving Loan Fund;
    (c) To capitalize an Affordable Housing Fund;
    (d) To capitalize a fund to support Economic Development
Activities;
    (e) To make Risk-Sharing Loans; and
    (f) To provide Loan Guarantees.
Sec.  1807.302  Restrictions on use of CMF Award.
    (a) The Recipient may not use its CMF Award for the following:
    (1) Political activities;
    (2) Advocacy;
    (3) Lobbying, whether directly or through other parties;
    (4) Counseling services (including homebuyer or financial
counseling);
    (5) Travel expenses;
    (6) Preparing or providing advice on tax returns;
    (7) Emergency shelters (including shelters for disaster victims);
    (8) Nursing homes;
    (9) Convalescent homes;
    (10) Residential treatment facilities;
    (11) Correctional facilities; or
    (12) Student dormitories.
    (b) The Recipient shall not use the CMF Award to finance or support
Projects that include:
    (1) The operation of any private or commercial golf course, country
club, massage parlor, hot tub facility, suntan facility, racetrack or
other facility used for gambling, or any store the principal business
of which is the sale of alcoholic beverages for consumption off
premises; or
    (2) Farming activities (within the meaning of Internal Revenue Code
(IRC) section 2032A(e)(5)(A) or (B)), if, as of the close of the
taxable year of the
[[Page 6442]]
taxpayer conducting such trade or business, the sum of the aggregate
unadjusted bases (or, if greater, the fair market value) of the assets
owned by the taxpayer that are used in such a trade or business, and
the aggregate value of the assets leased by the taxpayer that are used
in such a trade or business, exceeds $500,000.
    (c) In any given application round, no more than 30 percent of a
CMF Award may be used for Economic Development Activities.
    (d) Any Recipient that uses its CMF Award for a Loan Guarantee or
Loan Loss Reserves must ensure the underlying loan(s) are made to
support Affordable Housing Activities and Economic Development
Activities. The Affordable Housing resulting from the Recipient's Loan
Guarantee or Loan Loss Reserve shall be tracked for 10 years, as set
forth in subpart D of this part.
    (e) If loans that are made pursuant to a Loan Guarantee or Loan
Loss Reserves are repaid during the Investment Period, the Recipient
must use the repaid funds for Loan Guarantees or Loan Loss Reserves
targeted to the income population (Extremely Low-Income, Very Low-
Income, Low-Income) set forth in the Recipient's Assistance Agreement,
for the duration of the Investment Period.
    (f) The Recipient may not use more than five (5) percent of its CMF
Award for Direct Administrative Expenses.
Sec.  1807.303  Authorized uses of Program Income.
    (a) Program Income earned in the form of principal and equity
repayments must be used by the Recipient for the approved, eligible CMF
Award uses as further set forth in the Assistance Agreement for the
duration of the Investment Period.
    (b) Program Income earned in the form of interest payments, and all
other forms of Program Income (except for that which is earned as
described in paragraph (a) of this section, must be used by the
Recipient as set forth in the Assistance Agreement and in accordance
with 2 CFR part 1000.
Subpart D--Qualification as Affordable Housing
Sec.  1807.400  Affordable Housing--general.
    Each Recipient that uses its CMF Award for Affordable Housing
Activities must ensure that 100 percent of Eligible Project Costs are
attributable to Affordable Housing; meaning, that they comply with the
affordability qualifications set forth in this subpart for Eligible-
Income Families. Further, as a subset of said 100 percent, greater than
50 percent of the Eligible Project Costs must be attributable to
Affordable Housing that comply with the affordability qualifications
set forth in this subpart for Low-Income, Very Low-Income, or Extremely
Low-Income Families, or as further set forth in the applicable NOFA
and/or Assistance Agreement.
Sec.  1807.401  Affordable Housing--Rental Housing.
    To qualify as Affordable Housing, each rental Multi-family housing
Project financed with CMF Award must have at least 20 percent of the
units occupied by any combination of Low-Income, Very Low-Income, or
Extremely Low-Income Families and must comply with the rent limits set
forth herein. However, the CDFI Fund may require a greater percentage
of the units per Project to be income-targeted and/or require a
specific targeted income commitment in any given application round, as
set forth in the NOFA and Assistance Agreement for that application
round.
    (a) Rent limitation. The gross rent limits for Affordable Housing
are determined under the provisions in IRC section 42(g)(2). In this
determination, if this part imposes an income restriction on a unit
that is greater than 60 percent of area median income, adjusted for
Family size, then the provisions of IRC section 42(g)(2) are applied as
if that income restriction on the unit satisfied IRC section 42(g)(1).
The maximum rent is a rent that does not exceed:
    (1) For an Eligible-Income Family, 30 percent of the annual income
of a Family whose annual income equals 120 percent of the area median
income, with adjustments for number of bedrooms in the unit, as set
forth in IRC section 42(g)(2).
    (2) For a Low-Income Family, 30 percent of the annual income of a
Family whose annual income equals 80 percent of the area median income,
with adjustments for number of bedrooms in the unit, as set forth in
IRC section 42(g)(2). If the unit or tenant receives Federal or State
rental subsidy, and the Family pays as a contribution towards rent not
more than 30 percent of the Family's income, the maximum rent (i.e.,
tenant contribution plus rental subsidy) is the rent allowable under
the Federal or State rental subsidy program;
    (3) For a Very Low-Income Family, 30 percent of the annual income
of a Family whose annual income equals 50 percent of the area median
income, with adjustments for number of bedrooms in the unit as
described in paragraph (a) of this section. If the unit or tenant
receives Federal or State rental subsidy, and the Family pays as a
contribution towards rent not more than 30 percent of the Family's
income, the maximum rent (i.e., tenant contribution plus rental
subsidy) is the rent allowable under the Federal or State rental
subsidy program; or
    (4) For an Extremely Low-Income Family, 30 percent of the annual
income of a Family whose annual income equals 30 percent of the area
median income, with adjustments for number of bedrooms in the unit as
described in paragraph (a) of this section. If the unit or tenant
receives Federal or State rental subsidy, and the Family pays as a
contribution toward rent not more than 30 percent of the Family's
income, the maximum rent (i.e., tenant contribution plus rental
subsidy) is the rent allowable under the Federal or State rental
subsidy program.
    (b) Nondiscrimination against rental assistance subsidy holders.
The Recipient shall require that the owner of a rental unit cannot
refuse to lease the unit to a Section 8 Program certificate or voucher
holder (24 CFR part 982, Section 8 Tenant-Based Assistance: Unified
Rule for Tenant-Based Assistance under the Section 8 Rental Certificate
Program and the Section 8 Rental Voucher Program) or to the holder of a
comparable document evidencing participation in a HOME tenant-based
rental assistance program because of the status of the prospective
tenant as a holder of such certificate, voucher, or comparable HOME
tenant-based assistance document.
    (c) Initial rent schedule and utility allowances. The Recipient
shall ensure that utility allowances and submetering rules are
consistent with regulations concerning utility allowances and
submetering in buildings that are subject to gross rent restrictions
under IRC section 42(g)(2).
    (d) Periods of affordability. Housing under this section must meet
the affordability requirements for not less than 10 years, beginning
after Project Completion and at initial occupancy. The affordability
requirements apply without regard to the term of any loan or mortgage
or the transfer of ownership and must be imposed by deed restrictions,
covenants running with the land, or other recordable mechanisms. Other
recordable mechanisms must be approved in writing and in advance by the
CDFI Fund. The affordability restrictions may terminate upon
foreclosure or transfer in lieu of foreclosure. However, the
affordability restrictions shall be revived according to the original
terms if, during the original affordability period, the owner of record
before the foreclosure, or deed in lieu of
[[Page 6443]]
foreclosure, or any entity that includes the former owner or those with
whom the former owner has or had family or business ties, obtains an
ownership interest in the Project.
    (e) Subsequent rents during the affordability period. Any increase
in rent for a CMF-financed unit requires that tenants of those units be
given at least 30 days prior written notice before the implementation
of the rent increase. Regardless of changes in annual rents and in
median income over time, the CMF rents for a Project are not required
to be lower than the CMF rent limits for the Project in effect at the
time when the Project is Committed for use.
    (f) Tenant income determination. (1) Each year during the period of
affordability, the tenant's income shall be re-examined; tenant income
examination and verification is ultimately the responsibility of the
Recipient. Annual income shall include income from all household
members. The Recipient must require the Project owner to obtain
information on rents and occupancy of Affordable Housing financed or
assisted with a CMF Award in order to demonstrate compliance with this
section.
    (2) One of the following two definitions of ``annual income'' must
be used to determine whether a Family is income-eligible:
    (i) Adjusted gross income as defined for purposes of reporting
under Internal Revenue Service (IRS) Form 1040 series for individual
Federal annual income tax purposes; or
    (ii) ``Annual Income'' as defined at 24 CFR 5.609 (except that when
determining the income of a homeowner for an owner-occupied
Rehabilitation Project, the value of the homeowner's principal
residence may be excluded from the calculation of Net Family Assets, as
defined in 24 CFR 5.603).
    (3) Although either of the above two definitions of ``annual
income'' is permitted, in order to calculate adjusted income,
exclusions from income set forth at 24 CFR 5.611 shall be applied.
    (4) The CDFI Fund reserves the right to deem certain government
programs, under which a Low-Income Family is a recipient, as income
eligible for purposes of meeting the tenant income requirements under
this section.
    (g) Over-income tenants. (1) CMF-financed or assisted units
continue to qualify as Affordable Housing despite a temporary
noncompliance caused by increases in the incomes of existing tenants if
actions satisfactory to the CDFI Fund are being taken to ensure that
all vacancies are filled in accordance with this section until the
noncompliance is corrected.
    (2) Tenants whose incomes no longer qualify must pay rent no
greater than the lesser of the amount payable by the tenant under State
or local law or 30 percent of the Family's annual income, except if the
gross rent of a unit is subject to the restrictions in IRC section
42(g)(2) or the restrictions in an extended low-income housing
commitment under IRC section 42(h)(6), then the tenants of that unit
must pay rent governed by those restrictions. Tenants who no longer
qualify as Eligible-Income are not required to pay rent in excess of
the market rent for comparable, unassisted units in the neighborhood.
    (3) If the income of a tenant of a CMF-financed or assisted unit no
longer qualifies, the Recipient may designate another unit, within the
CMF-financed or assisted Project, as a replacement unit that meets the
affordability qualifications for the same income category as the
original unit, as further set forth in the Recipient's Assistance
Agreement. If there is not an available replacement unit, the Recipient
must fill the first available vacancy with a tenant that meets the
affordability qualifications for the same income category of the
original unit as necessary to maintain compliance with the CMF
requirements and the Assistance Agreement.
Sec.  1807.402  Affordable Housing--Homeownership.
    (a) Purchase with or without Rehabilitation. A Recipient that uses
the CMF Award for the eligible activities set forth in Sec.  1807.301
for Purchase must ensure the purchasing Family and Housing meets the
affordability requirements of this subpart.
    (1) The Housing must be Single-family housing.
    (2) The Single-family housing price does not exceed 95 percent of
the median purchase price for the area as used in the HOME Program and
as determined by HUD and the applicable Participating Jurisdiction.
    (3) The Single-family housing must be purchased by a qualifying
Family as set forth in Sec.  1807.400. The Single-family housing must
be the principal residence of the Family throughout the period
described in paragraph (a)(4) of this section.
    (4) Periods of affordability. Single-family housing under this
section must meet the affordability requirements for at least 10 years
at the time of purchase by the Family.
    (5) Resale. To ensure that CMF Awards are being used for qualifying
Families for the entire 10-year affordability period, recoupment and
redeployment or resale strategies must be imposed by the Recipient. A
recoupment strategy must ensure that, in the event the qualifying
homeowner sells the Housing before the end of the 10-year affordability
period and the new homeowner does not meet the affordability
qualifications set forth in Sec.  1807.400, an amount equal to the
amount of the CMF Award investment in the Housing, whether recouped or
not, is used to finance additional Affordable Housing Activities for a
qualifying Family in the same income category for Affordable Housing
Homeownership in the manner set forth in this section, except that the
Housing must meet the affordability requirements only for the remaining
duration of the affordability period. The Recipient may design and
implement its own recoupment strategy. Deed restrictions, covenants
running with the land, or other similar mechanisms may be used as the
mechanism to impose a resale strategy. The Recipient shall report to
the CDFI Fund the event of resale and/or recoupment and redeployment of
the CMF Award, or an equivalent amount, in the manner described in the
Assistance Agreement. The affordability restrictions may terminate upon
occurrence of any of the following termination events: Foreclosure,
transfer in lieu of foreclosure, or assignment of an FHA-insured
mortgage to HUD. The Recipient may use purchase options, rights of
first refusal or other preemptive rights to purchase the Housing before
foreclosure to preserve affordability. The affordability restrictions
shall be revived according to the original terms if, during the
original affordability period, the owner of record before the
termination event, obtains an ownership interest in the Housing. If
there is a sale of Single-family housing funded by a CMF Award prior to
the completion of the 10-year affordability period, the Recipient must
demonstrate that it placed into service Single-family housing targeting
the same income population (i.e., Extremely Low-Income, Very Low-
Income, Low-Income) as the original Single-family housing, as set forth
in the Assistance Agreement, financed with an equivalent amount to the
recouped portion of the CMF Award, that will be tracked for the
duration of the affordability period of the original Single-family
housing.
    (b) Rehabilitation not involving Purchase. Single-family housing
that is currently owned by a qualifying Family, as set forth in Sec.
1807.400, qualifies as Affordable Housing if it meets the requirements
of this paragraph (b).
    (1) The estimated value of the Single-family housing, after
Rehabilitation,
[[Page 6444]]
does not exceed 95 percent of the median purchase price for the area,
as used in the HOME Program and as determined by the applicable
Participating Jurisdiction; or
    (2) The Single-family housing is the principal residence of a
qualifying Family as set forth in Sec.  1807.400, at the time that the
CMF Award is Committed to the Single-family housing.
    (3) Single-family housing under this paragraph (b) must meet the
affordability requirements for at least 10 years after Rehabilitation
is completed or meet the resale provisions of paragraph (a)(5) of this
section.
    (c) Ownership interest. The ownership in the Single-family housing
assisted under this section must meet the definition of Homeownership
as defined in Sec.  1807.104.
    (d) New construction without Purchase. Newly constructed Single-
family housing that is built on property currently owned by a Family
that will occupy the Single-family housing upon completion, qualifies
as Affordable Housing if it meets the requirements under paragraph (a)
of this section.
    (e) Converting rental units to Homeownership units for existing
tenants. CMF-financed rental units may be converted to Homeownership
units by selling, donating, or otherwise conveying the units to the
existing tenants to enable the tenants to become homeowners in
accordance with the requirements of this section. The Homeownership
units are subject to a minimum period of affordability equal to the
remaining affordability period.
Subpart E--Leveraged Costs; Eligible Project Costs; Commitment
Requirements
Sec.  1807.500  Leveraged Costs; Eligible Project Costs.
    (a) Each CMF Award must result in Eligible Project Costs in an
amount that equals at least 10 times the amount of the CMF Award or
some higher standard established by the CDFI Fund in the Recipient's
Assistance Agreement. Such Eligible Project Costs must be for
Affordable Housing Activities and Economic Development Activities, as
set forth in the Assistance Agreement.
    (b) Leveraged Costs. (1) The applicable NOFA and/or the Assistance
Agreement may set forth a required percentage of Leveraged Costs that
must be funded by non-governmental sources.
    (2) The Recipient must report to the CDFI Fund all Leveraged Costs,
with the following limitations:
    (i) No costs attributable to prohibited uses as set forth in Sec.
1807.302(a) and (b) may be reported as Leveraged Costs;
    (ii) All Leveraged Costs attributable to Affordable Housing
Activities must be for Affordable Housing, as set forth in Sec.
1807.401 or Sec.  1807.402, and as further described in the Assistance
Agreement;
    (iii) All eligible Leveraged Costs attributable to Economic
Development Activities shall be described in the Assistance Agreement.
    (c) Recipients must report Leveraged Costs information through
forms or electronic systems provided by the CDFI Fund. Consequently,
Recipients must maintain appropriate documentation, such as audited
financial statements, wire transfers documents, pro-formas, and other
relevant records, to support such reports.
Sec.  1807.501  Commitments; Payments.
    (a) The CMF Award must be Committed by the Recipient for use by the
date designated in its Assistance Agreement.
    (b) The Recipient must evidence such commitment with a written,
legally binding agreement to provide CMF Award proceeds to the
qualifying Family, developer or project sponsor for a Project whose:
    (1) Construction can reasonably be expected to start within 12
months of the commitment agreement date;
    (2) Property title will be transferred within 6 months of the
commitment agreement date; or
    (3) Construction schedule ensures Project Completion within 5 years
of a date specified in the Assistance Agreement.
    (c) The CDFI Fund will make Payment of CMF Award based on a
deployment schedule contained in the CMF Award application, in addition
to any other documentation and/or forms that the CDFI Fund may require.
    (d) Upon receipt of CMF Award, the Recipient must make an initial
disbursement of said CMF Award by the date designated in its Assistance
Agreement. The CDFI Fund may make Payment of CMF Award in a lump sum or
other manner, as determined appropriate by the CDFI Fund. The CDFI Fund
will not provide any Payment until the Recipient has satisfied all
conditions set forth in the applicable NOFA and Assistance Agreement.
Sec.  1807.502  CMF Award limits.
    An eligible Applicant and its Subsidiaries and Affiliates may not
be awarded more than 15 percent of the aggregate funds available for
CMF Awards during any year.
Sec.  1807.503  Project Completion; Property standards.
    (a) Upon Project Completion, the Project must be placed into
service by the date designated in the Assistance Agreement. Project
Completion occurs, as determined by the CDFI Fund, when:
    (1) All necessary title transfer requirements and construction work
have been performed;
    (2) The property standards of paragraph (b) of this section have
been met; and
    (3) The final drawdown of the CMF Award has been made to the
project sponsor or developer;
    (4) When a CMF Award is used for Preservation, Project Completion
occurs when the refinance and/or Rehabilitation is completed in
addition to the requirements set forth in this paragraph (a).
    (b) By the Project Completion date, the Project must meet the
requirements of this part, including the following property standards
(which must be met for a period of at least 10 years after the Project
Completion date):
    (1) Projects that are constructed or Rehabilitated with a CMF Award
must meet all applicable State and local codes, Rehabilitation
standards, ordinances, and zoning requirements at the time of Project
Completion or, in the absence of a State or local building code, the
International Residential Code or International Building Code (as
applicable) of the International Code Council.
    (2) In addition, Projects must meet the following requirements:
    (i) Accessibility. The Project must meet all applicable
accessibility requirements set forth at 24 CFR part 8, which implements
section 504 of the Rehabilitation Act of 1973 (29 U.S.C. 794), and
Titles II and III of the Americans with Disabilities Act (42 U.S.C.
12131-12189) implemented at 28 CFR parts 35 and 36, as applicable.
Multi-family housing, as defined in 24 CFR 100.201, must also meet all
applicable design and construction requirements set forth in 24 CFR
100.205, which implements the Fair Housing Act (42 U.S.C. 3601-3619).
    (ii) Disaster mitigation. The Project must meet all applicable
State and local codes, ordinances, or other disaster mitigation
requirements (e.g., earthquake, hurricanes, flooding, wild fires), or
other requirements as the Department of Housing and Urban Development
has established in 24 CFR part 93.
    (iii) Lead-based paint. The Project must meet all applicable lead-
based paint requirements, including those set forth in 24 CFR part 35.
[[Page 6445]]
    (3) Rehabilitation standards. In addition, all Rehabilitation that
is financed with a CMF Award must meet the following requirements:
    (i) For rental Housing, if the remaining useful life of one or more
major systems is less than the 10-year period of affordability, the
Recipient must ensure that, at Project Completion, the developer or
Project sponsor establishes a replacement reserve and that monthly
payments are made to the reserve that are adequate to repair or replace
the systems as needed. Major systems include: Structural support;
roofing; cladding and weatherproofing (e.g., windows, doors, siding,
gutters); plumbing; electrical; heating, ventilation, and air
conditioning.
    (ii) For Homeownership Single-family housing, the Recipient must
ensure that, at Project Completion, the Housing is decent, safe,
sanitary, and in good repair. The Recipient must ensure that timely
corrective and remedial actions are taken by the Project owner to
address identified life threatening deficiencies.
    (4) Manufactured housing. Construction of all manufactured housing
must meet the Manufactured Home Construction and Safety Standards set
forth in 24 CFR part 3280. These standards preempt State and local laws
or codes, which are not identical to the Federal standards for the new
construction of manufactured housing. The installation of all
manufactured housing units must comply with applicable State and local
laws or codes. In the absence of such laws or codes, the installation
must comply with the manufacturer's written instructions for
installation of manufactured housing units. Manufactured housing that
is rehabilitated using a CMF Award must meet the requirements set out
in paragraph (b)(1) of this section.
Subpart F--Tracking Funds; Uniform Administrative Requirements;
Nature of Funds
Sec.  1807.600  Tracking funds.
    The Recipient shall develop and maintain an internal tracking and
reporting system that ensures that the CMF Award is used in accordance
with this part and the Assistance Agreement.
Sec.  1807.601  Uniform Administrative Requirements.
    The Uniform Administrative Requirements apply to all CMF Awards.
Sec.  1807.602  Nature of funds.
    CMF Awards are Federal financial assistance with regard to the
application of Federal civil rights laws. CMF Award funds retain their
Federal character until the end of the Investment Period.
Subpart G--Notice of Funds Availability; Applications
Sec.  1807.700  Notice of funds availability.
    Each Applicant must submit a CMF Award application in accordance
with the applicable Notice of Funds Availability (NOFA) published in
the Federal Register. The NOFA will advise prospective Applicants on
how to obtain and complete an application and will establish deadlines
and other requirements. The NOFA will specify application evaluation
factors and any limitations, special rules, procedures, and
restrictions for a particular application round. After receipt of an
application, the CDFI Fund may request clarifying or technical
information on the materials submitted as part of the application.
Subpart H--Evaluation and Selection of Applications
Sec.  1807.800  Evaluation and selection--general.
    Each Applicant will be evaluated and selected, at the sole
discretion of the CDFI Fund, to receive a CMF Award based on a review
process that will include a paper or electronic application, and may
include an interview(s) and/or site visit(s), and that is intended to:
    (a) Ensure that Applicants are evaluated on a merit basis and in a
fair and consistent manner;
    (b) Ensure that each Recipient can successfully meet its leveraging
goals and achieve Affordable Housing Activity and Economic Development
Activity impacts;
    (c) Ensure that Recipients represent a geographically diverse group
of Applicants serving Metropolitan Areas and Underserved Rural Areas
across the United States that meet criteria of economic distress, which
may include:
    (1) The percentage of Low-Income Families or the extent of poverty;
    (2) The rate of unemployment or underemployment;
    (3) The extent of disinvestment;
    (4) Economic Development Activities that target Extremely Low-
Income, Very Low-Income, and Low-Income Families within the Recipient's
Service Area; and
    (5) Any other criteria the CDFI Fund shall set forth in the
applicable NOFA; and
    (d) Take into consideration other factors as set forth in the
applicable NOFA.
Sec.  1807.801  Evaluation of applications.
    (a) Eligibility and completeness. An Applicant will not be eligible
to receive a CMF Award if it fails to meet the eligibility requirements
described in Sec.  1807.200 and in the applicable NOFA, or if the
Applicant has not submitted complete application materials. For the
purposes of this paragraph (a), the CDFI Fund reserves the right to
request additional information from the Applicant, if the CDFI Fund
deems it appropriate.
    (b) Substantive review. In evaluating and selecting applications to
receive assistance, the CDFI Fund will evaluate the Applicant's
likelihood of success in meeting the factors set forth in the
applicable NOFA including, but not limited to:
    (1) The Applicant's ability to use a CMF Award to generate
additional investments, including private sources of funding;
    (2) The need for affordable housing in the Applicant's Service
Area;
    (3) The ability of the Applicant to obligate amounts and undertake
activities in a timely manner; and
    (4) In the case of an Applicant that has previously received
assistance under any CDFI Fund program, the Applicant's level of
success in meeting its performance goals, reporting requirements, and
other requirements contained in the previously negotiated and executed
assistance, allocation or award agreement(s) with the CDFI Fund, any
undisbursed balance of assistance, and compliance with applicable
Federal laws.
    (c) The CDFI Fund may consider any other factors that it deems
appropriate in reviewing an application, as set forth in the applicable
NOFA, the application and related guidance materials.
    (d) Consultation with appropriate regulatory agencies. In the case
of an Applicant that is a Federally regulated financial institution,
the CDFI Fund may consult with the Appropriate Federal Banking Agency
or Appropriate State Agency prior to making a final award decision and
prior to entering into an Assistance Agreement.
    (e) Recipient selection. The CDFI Fund will select Recipients based
on the criteria described in paragraph (b) of this section and any
other criteria set forth in this part or the applicable NOFA.
Subpart I--Terms and Conditions of CMF Award
Sec.  1807.900  Assistance agreement.
    (a) Each Applicant that is selected to receive a CMF Award must
enter into an Assistance Agreement with the CDFI
[[Page 6446]]
Fund. The Assistance Agreement will set forth certain required terms
and conditions for the CMF Award that may include, but are not limited
to, the following:
    (1) The amount of the CMF Award;
    (2) The approved uses of the CMF Award;
    (3) The approved Service Area;
    (4) The time period by which the CMF Award proceeds must be
Committed;
    (5) The required documentation to evidence Project Completion; and
    (6) Performance goals that have been established by the CDFI Fund
pursuant to this part, the NOFA, and the Recipient's application.
    (b) The Assistance Agreement shall provide that, in the event of
fraud, mismanagement, noncompliance with the Act or these regulations,
or noncompliance with the terms and conditions of the Assistance
Agreement, on the part of the Recipient, the CDFI Fund, in its
discretion, may make a determination to:
    (1) Require changes in the performance goals set forth in the
Assistance Agreement;
    (2) Revoke approval of the Recipient's application;
    (3) Reduce or terminate the CMF Award;
    (4) Require repayment of any CMF Award that have been paid to the
Recipient;
    (5) Bar the Recipient from applying for any assistance from the
CDFI Fund; or
    (6) Take such other actions as the CDFI Fund deems appropriate or
as set forth in the Assistance Agreement.
    (c) Prior to making a determination that the Recipient has failed
to comply substantially with the Act or these regulations or an
Assistance Agreement, the CDFI Fund shall provide the Recipient with
reasonable notice and opportunity for hearing.
Sec.  1807.901  Payment of funds.
    CMF Awards provided pursuant to this part may be provided in a lump
sum payment or in some other manner, as determined appropriate by the
CDFI Fund. The CDFI Fund shall not provide any Payment under this part
until a Recipient has satisfied all conditions set forth in the
applicable NOFA and Assistance Agreement.
Sec.  1807.902  Data collection and reporting.
    (a) Data; General. The Recipient must maintain such records as may
be prescribed by the CDFI Fund that are necessary to:
    (1) Disclose the manner in which the CMF Award is used, including
providing documentation to demonstrate Project Completion;
    (2) Demonstrate compliance with the requirements of this part and
the Assistance Agreement; and
    (3) Evaluate the impact of the CMF Award.
    (b) Customer profiles. The Recipient must compile such data on the
gender, race, ethnicity, national origin, or other information on
individuals that are benefiting from the CMF Award, as the CDFI Fund
shall prescribe in the Assistance Agreement. Such data will be used to
determine whether residents of the Recipient's Service Area are
adequately served and to evaluate the impact of the CMF Award.
    (c) Access to records. The Recipient must submit such financial and
activity reports, records, statements, and documents at such times, in
such forms, and accompanied by such reporting data, as required by the
CDFI Fund or the U.S. Department of the Treasury to ensure compliance
with the requirements of this part and to evaluate the impact of the
CMF Award. The United States Government, including the U.S. Department
of the Treasury, the Comptroller General, and their duly authorized
representatives, shall have full and free access to the Recipient's
offices and facilities and all books, documents, records, and financial
statements relating to use of Federal funds and may copy such documents
as they deem appropriate and audit or provide for an audit at least
annually. The CDFI Fund, if it deems appropriate, may prescribe access
to record requirements for entities that receive a CMF Award from the
Recipient.
    (d) Retention of records. The Recipient shall comply with all
applicable record retention requirements set forth in the Uniform
Administrative Requirements (as applicable) and the Assistance
Agreement.
    (e) Data collection and reporting--(1) Financial reporting, (i) All
Nonprofit Organization Recipients that are required to have their
financial statements audited pursuant to the Uniform Administrative
Requirements, must submit their single-audits by a time set forth in
the applicable NOFA or Assistance Agreement. Nonprofit Organization
Recipients (excluding Insured CDFIs and State-Insured Credit Unions)
that are not required to have financial statements audited pursuant to
the Uniform Administrative Requirements, must submit to the CDFI Fund a
statement signed by the Recipient's authorized representative or
certified public accountant, asserting that the Recipient is not
required to have a single-audit pursuant to the Uniform Administrative
Requirements as indicated in the Assistance Agreement. In such
instances, the CDFI Fund may require additional audits to be performed
and/or submitted to the CDFI Fund as stated in the applicable Notice of
Funds Availability and Assistance Agreement.
    (ii) For-profit Recipients (excluding Insured CDFIs and State-
Insured Credit Unions) must submit to the CDFI Fund financial
statements audited in conformity with generally accepted auditing
standards as promulgated by the American Institute of Certified Public
Accountants by a time set forth in the applicable NOFA or Assistance
Agreement.
    (iii) Insured CDFIs are not required to submit financial statements
to the CDFI Fund. The CDFI Fund will obtain the necessary information
from publicly available sources. State-Insured Credit Unions must
submit to the CDFI Fund copies of the financial statements that they
submit to the Appropriate State Agency.
    (2) Annual report. (i) The Recipient shall submit a performance and
financial report that shall be specified in the Assistance Agreement
(annual report). The annual report consists of several components which
may include, but are not limited to, a report on performance goals and
measures, explanation of any Recipient noncompliance, and such other
information as may be required by the CDFI Fund. The annual report
components shall be specified and described in the Assistance
Agreement.
    (ii) The CDFI Fund will use the annual report to collect data to
assess the Recipient's compliance with its performance goals and the
impact of the CMF and the CDFI industry.
    (iii) The Recipient is responsible for the timely and complete
submission of the annual report, even if all or a portion of the
documents actually are completed by another entity. If such other
entities are required to provide information for the annual report, or
such other documentation that the CDFI Fund might require, the
Recipient is responsible for ensuring that the information is submitted
timely and complete. The CDFI Fund reserves the right to contact such
other entities and require that additional information and
documentation be provided.
    (iv) The CDFI Fund's review of the compliance of an Insured CDFI, a
Depository Institution Holding Company or a State-Insured Credit Union
with the terms and conditions of its Assistance Agreement may also
include information from the Appropriate Federal Banking Agency or
[[Page 6447]]
Appropriate State Agency, as the case may be.
    (f) Public access. The CDFI Fund shall make reports described in
this section available for public inspection after deleting or
redacting any materials necessary to protect privacy or proprietary
interests.
Sec.  1807.903  Compliance with government requirements.
    In carrying out its responsibilities pursuant to an Assistance
Agreement, the Recipient shall comply with all applicable Federal,
State, and local laws, regulations, and ordinances, Uniform
Administrative Requirements, and Executive Orders. Furthermore,
Recipients must comply with the CDFI Fund's environmental quality
regulations (12 CFR part 1815) as well as all other Federal
environmental requirements applicable to Federal awards.
Sec.  1807.904  Lobbying restrictions.
    No CMF Award may be expended by a Recipient to pay any person to
influence or attempt to influence any agency, elected official, officer
or employee of a State or local government in connection with the
making, award, extension, continuation, renewal, amendment, or
modification of any State or local government contract, grant, loan or
cooperative agreement as such terms are defined in 31 U.S.C. 1352.
Sec.  1807.905  Criminal provisions.
    The criminal provisions of 18 U.S.C. 657 regarding embezzlement or
misappropriation of funds are applicable to all Recipients and
insiders.
Sec.  1807.906  CDFI Fund deemed not to control.
    The CDFI Fund shall not be deemed to control a Recipient by reason
of any CMF Award provided under the Act for the purpose of any
applicable law.
Sec.  1807.907  Limitation on liability.
    The liability of the CDFI Fund and the United States Government
arising out of any CMF Award shall be limited to the amount of the CMF
Award. The CDFI Fund shall be exempt from any assessments and other
liabilities that may be imposed on controlling or principal
shareholders by any Federal law or the law of any State. Nothing in
this section shall affect the application of any Federal tax law.
Sec.  1807.908  Fraud, waste and abuse.
    Any person who becomes aware of the existence or apparent existence
of fraud, waste or abuse of a CMF Award should report such incidences
to the Office of Inspector General of the U.S. Department of the
Treasury.
Mary Ann Donovan,
Director, Community Development Financial Institutions Fund.
[FR Doc. 2016-02132 Filed 2-3-16; 4:15 pm]
 BILLING CODE 4810-70-P


 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: February 8, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             148 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                             Missouri Lawyers Media

                              May 13, 2011 Friday

Report cites scarcity of rental units in St. Charles

BYLINE: Mike Trask

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 1014  words


A new analysis on the state of housing in St. Charles County says there is a
severe shortage of rental units and the demand for such units is rising.

"The vacancy level for rental housing is very, very low," said Wayne Anthony,
director community development for county government. While this shows a need
for more apartment complexes and rental units to be built, "the problem is
nobody is filling that need," he said.

Anthony's department authored the report, called "2010 St. Charles County
Housing Analysis. "

Last year officials had Chesterfield-based Keith Kramer Associates survey 37
apartment developments, containing 10,242 units, in the county. The company
found the occupancy level for those units to be 96.4 percent; in the industry
full occupancy is considered to be 95 percent.

The report cites several reasons for the shortage of available rental units.
Because the county has a relatively young median age for residents (age 37),
young adult individuals are entering the workforce and young families are
forming. Also, the relatively high number of foreclosures has forced some former
homeowners into the rental market.

Mostly though, the supply of rental units has not kept up with demand. From 2000
through 2010, the report says, the "vast majority of multiple-family residential
housing constructed was for units to be sold," typically townhomes, condos and
villas. More than 10,000 multi-family units were built during that time, but of
that number only 3,082, or approximately 30 percent, were rental apartment
units. The 3,082 number represents all apartment complexes containing five or
more units, and includes market-rate apartments, government-assisted rental
units and units designed just for seniors.

"The scarcity of rental housing and costs of rental housing may result in people
who find jobs [entry level and service jobs] in the county not being able to
locate and/or afford rental housing within the county," the report says.

If there is a demand for rental units, one would think developers would respond.
There are a couple of good reasons why they are not, said Matt Johannesman, a
regional president and commercial loan officer at Carrollton Bank. He also
serves on the board of the not-for-profit St. Charles County Housing Development
Corp.

It has been widely reported that banks have adopted stricter lending standards.
Actually, Johannesman said, banks are returning to the old ways of doing
business. This includes banks requiring a 20 percent down payment on a
construction loan from a developer.

"Banks got away from that and they paid for it," he said.

Also, "developers are fairly risk adverse right now," Johannesman said. He said
many are not in position to start a new project.

The banker pointed out that many commercial developers have projects that aren't
faring well at present. Even if a developer's proposal for an apartment-complex
project appears worthy, that same developer also could have floundering projects
that makes him a credit risk.

"I need to see your whole picture," Johannesman said about any developer who
comes to him seeking money for a project.

Lastly, the county is not all that receptive to proposals for inexpensive
housing, Johannesman said. Even before the housing market collapsed, the cities
here didn't want workforce housing, he said.

Still, there are some developers willing to put up multi-family housing if the
demand is there. Gundaker Commercial Group has started work on the second phase
of its senior-living community in the Peruque Hills Estates development in the
Wentzville area.

All of the existing 34 units are 100 percent occupied, and "we have a waiting
list of more than 90 people" for the 32 units that will be built, said Michael
J. Hejna, company president and CEO. Henja said his company sees a much greater
demand for senior housing than for other segments of the housing market.

There is no doubt that single-family homes are the preferred type of housing in
the county. While some 10,000 multi-family units were constructed during the
past decade, builders obtained permits for the construction of more than 27,000
single-family houses.

Denise Liebel, executive director of the Community Council of St. Charles
County, agreed with Johannesman as regards the county's attitude toward
multi-family housing. "So how many people are going to spin their wheels in the
mud" trying to get financing and all the permits needed for such a project? she
asked.

As was alluded to above, rents in the county are expensive for a growing number
of people. St. Charles generally is considered to be one of the most affluent
counties in the state, so it is somewhat surprising that the report says 39
percent of renters here spend more than 30 percent of family income on housing.
The generally accepted definition of affordable housing is for a household to
pay no more than 30 percent of its annual income for a place to live.

To rent a one-bedroom apartment at the average monthly rate of $687, a household
must earn at least $27,480 a year if housing cost is not to exceed 30 percent,
according to the report. For a two-bedroom unit, with the average rate of $867
monthly, the household would have to bring in $34,680 annually. For a
three-bedroom unit, with an average monthly rate of $1,116, the household would
have to earn $44,640. Officials say the average hourly wage in 2009 for people
who worked in the county was $36,566 annually.

Government does provide some assistance to low-income people needing help
finding a place to live, but there is a long line of those people.

"Four or five people a day come in and ask us for help, and we can't because
they're not on our waiting lists," said Pat Nissen, executive director of the
St. Charles Housing Authority. At present, she said, there are waiting lists of
approximately 800 for Section 8 housing and about 200 for public housing. In the
Section 8 program, the federal government subsidizes a tenant's rent payment to
a private landlord.

Nissen said last year more than 1,000 families applied for fewer than one dozen
Section 8 vouchers that were available.

LOAD-DATE: May 20, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: General news

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2011 Missouri Lawyers Media
                              All Rights Reserved


                             149 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                  Times Colonist (Victoria, British Columbia)

                              April 3, 2009 Friday
                                 Final Edition

Non-profit housing to get tax holiday; Conditions will apply to plan designed to
increase affordable rental-housing stock

BYLINE: Bill Cleverley, Times Colonist

SECTION: CAPITAL & VAN. ISL.; Pg. A4

LENGTH: 323  words


New affordable rental housing built over the next couple of years in Victoria
will be eligible for a 10-year tax holiday.

Victoria councillors have agreed to amend the city's policy to give the tax
break, but there will be conditions:

- Building permits will have to be issued by March 31, 2010, and an occupancy
permit by June 30, 2011.

- Renovation of existing rental buildings will be eligible only if additional
rental units are created.

- The policy applies only to multi-family rental accommodation of three or more
units.

- Ownership of the land and buildings must be in the name of a non-profit
organization.

- Affordable rental housing is defined as housing with rent equal to 30 per cent
or less of a household's annual income -- currently targeting the
$30,000-to-$60,000 income range.

The goal of the move is to encourage the creation of new, affordable rental
housing.

Coun. Geoff Young suggested council consider a tax break on a sliding scale --
starting at 100 per cent and decreasing 10 per cent a year over the next 10
years. That way, non-profits won't be caught by surprise when the holiday period
expires and end up returning to council looking for tax forgiveness.

But Coun. Pam Madoff said a sliding scale would compromise the value of the
incentive, adding the 10-year tax break would be close to the difference between
what it costs to build a unit and the rental income.

"I think in our housing market, the construction costs are an extraordinary cost
and we're trying to achieve rental housing," said Madoff.

Coun. Philippe Lucas also disagreed with phasing in the incentive. "I don't feel
it's our job to micro-manage the financial considerations of non-profits. I
think that complicates this proposal considerably."

Affordable-housing developments might also be eligible for $10,000-per-unit
funding through the city's housing trust fund to offset development cost charges
and building permit fees.

bcleverley@tc.canwest.com

LOAD-DATE: April 3, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:
Photo: Handout; Philippe Lucas: Not city's job to "micro-manage" non-profits. ;

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


Copyright 2009 Times Colonist, a division of Canwest MediaWorks Publication Inc.

                              All Rights Reserved


                             150 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                      North Shore News (British Columbia)

                            July 30, 2008 Wednesday
                                 Final Edition

City adopts crime-free rental standards

BYLINE: Heidi Castle, North Shore News

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 8

LENGTH: 379  words


THE City of North Vancouver is taking aim at nuisance crime by implementing a
crime-free multi-housing program.

Council voted unanimously July 21 to change its rental premises standards and
business licence bylaws to set the multi-family apartment crime reduction
program in motion.

The program aims to reduce crime in condominiums, apartments and other
multi-family neighbourhoods by setting rental standards and crime-proofing
buildings.

Apartment owners, managers and residents work with local police, who administer
the program.

Coun. Craig Keating said he supports the program but has concerns about the
barriers to tenancy this program might create.

People who can't produce credit or other references could be denied tenancy
under the new program, something he can't support, he said.

This could disadvantage young people or those coming from other countries or
other parts of this county, he said.

Obtaining proper tenancy records or conducting credit checks may not be possible
in every case, said Keating.

"Would that then become a violation of the crime free multi housing regulation?"
he asked.

He said he wants a rigorous examination by staff of the possible outcomes.

"The intention of this is to give property managers the tools to manage their
places in an effective manner," said Coun. Bob Heywood.

Buildings without on-site supervision, rules, guidelines or regulations are
often the source of many problems for the police and the community, said
Heywood. This program gives property owners and managers those tools, he said.
"It's all in the spirit of the application," he said.

Enforcement is also key to the success of this program, said Coun. Pam Bookham.
"If we don't apply the bylaw, if we don't enforce the bylaw, we might just as
well not have it."

"A lot of communities in the Lower Mainland already use crime-free multi-housing
, and they use it because it's a good idea," said Coun. Bob Fearnley. "It gives
our staff and police better tools for dealing with problem situations."

As a further incentive, the city will reduce by 10 per cent the business licence
fees of registered current properties participating in the program.

Eleven other Lower Mainland municipalities participate in the crime-free multi-
housing program, which came to British Columbia in 1994.

LOAD-DATE: July 30, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2008 North Shore News
                              All Rights Reserved


                             151 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            February 8, 2016 Monday

Capital Magnet Fund

LENGTH: 15576  words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Washington, DC:  This Rule document was issued by the Community Development
Financial Institutions Fund (CDFI)



  Action



 Interim rule with request for public comment.

 Summary



 The Department of the Treasury is issuing an interim rule implementing the
Capital Magnet Fund (CMF), administered by the Community Development Financial
Institutions Fund (CDFI Fund). This interim rule incorporates updates to the
definitions, requirements and parameters for CMF implementation and
administration. In addition, sections of the CMF interim rule regarding certain
definitions and project level requirements are revised in order to facilitate
alignment with other federal housing programs and ease of administration. These
revisions are modeled after the credit requirements for Low Income Housing
Credits (LIHTCs) under section 42 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as
amended, and the program requirements of the HOME Investment Partnership Program
(HOME Program) authorized under Title II of the Cranston-Gonzalez National
Affordable Housing Act, as amended, and the HOME Program final rule published on
July 24, 2013.





 This interim rule also reflects requirements set forth in a final rule, Uniform
Administrative Requirements, Cost Principles and Audit Requirements for Federal
Awards, adopted by the Department of the Treasury on December 19, 2014
(hereafter referred to as the Uniform Administrative Requirements). The Uniform
Administrative Requirements constitute a government-wide framework for grants
management codified by the Office of Management and Budget (OMB), combining
several OMB grants management circulars aimed at reducing the administrative
burden for Recipients, and reducing the risk of waste, fraud and abuse of
Federal financial assistance. The Uniform Administrative Requirements establish
financial, administrative, procurement, and program management standards with
which Federal award-making programs, including those administered by the CDFI
Fund, and Recipients must comply. Accordingly, this interim rule includes
revisions necessary to implement the Uniform Administrative Requirements, as
well as to make certain technical corrections and certain programmatic updates,
as well as provide clarifying language to existing program requirements.

 Dates



 Effective date: February 8, 2016. All comments must be written and must be
received in the offices of the CDFI Fund on or before April 8, 2016. The
compliance date requirements for the collection of information in
]&thinsp;1807.902 is stayed indefinitely, pending Office of Management and
Budget approval and assignment of an OMB control number.

 Addresses



 You may submit comments concerning this interim rule via the Federal
e-Rulemaking Portal at http://www.regulations.gov (please follow the
instructions for submitting comments). All submissions must include the agency
name and Regulatory Information Number (RIN) for this rulemaking. Information
regarding the CDFI Fund and its programs may be obtained through the CDFI Fund's
Web site at http://www.cdfifund.gov.

 For Further Information Contact



 Marcia Sigal, CMF Program Manager, Community Development Financial Institutions
Fund, at cdfihelp@cdfi.treas.gov

 Supplementary Information

 I. Background



 The Capital Magnet Fund (CMF) was established through the Housing and Economic
Recovery Act of 2008 (the Act), Public Law 110-289, section 1131, as a trust
fund, the appropriation to which was used to carry out a competitive grant
program administered by the CDFI Fund. The mission of the CDFI Fund is to
increase economic opportunity and promote community development investments for
underserved populations and in distressed communities in the United States. Its
long term vision is an America in which all people have access to affordable
credit, capital and financial services.



 The Act requires Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac to set aside an amount equal to 4.2
basis points for each dollar of their unpaid principal balances of total new
business purchases to be allocated to the Housing Trust Fund (administered by
the Department of Housing and Urban Development) and the Capital Magnet Fund.
The Act also provides the Federal Housing Finance Agency (FHFA) with the
authority to temporarily suspend these allocations upon certain findings. On
November 13, 2008, the Director of the FHFA temporarily suspended the allocation
of funds. On December 11, 2014, the Director of the FHFA terminated the
temporary suspension of those allocations, directing Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac
to begin setting aside and allocating funds to the Housing Trust Fund and the
Capital Magnet Fund. Accordingly, the CDFI Fund is promulgating this revised
interim rule in anticipation of future Capital Magnet Fund application rounds.



 Through the CMF, the CDFI Fund is authorized to make financial assistance
grants to Certified Community Development Financial Institutions (CDFIs) and
Nonprofit Organizations (if one of their principal purposes is the development
or management of affordable housing). CMF Awards must be used to attract private
financing for and increase investment in: (i) The Development, Preservation,
Rehabilitation, and Purchase of Affordable Housing for primarily Extremely Low-,
Very Low-, and Low-Income Families; and (ii) Economic Development Activities
which, In Conjunction With Affordable Housing Activities will implement a
Concerted Strategy to stabilize or revitalize a Low-Income Area or Underserved
Rural Area.



 All capitalized terms herein are defined in the definitions section of the
interim rule, as set forth in 12 CFR 1807.104.

 II. Comments on the December 3, 2010, Interim Rule



 The comment period for the December 3, 2010, Interim Rule ended on February 1,
2011. The CDFI Fund received one written comment. The commenter asserted that
the December 3, 2010, Interim Rule did not allow market-based Section 8 vouchers
to be used to satisfy CMF affordability requirements and that the interim rule
should make clear that, in the event a tenant or a unit in a Multi-family
housing project receives a Federal or State rental subsidy, the maximum rent
that can be charged is the amount allowable under such program. The commenter
suggested that the interim rule should provide for a rent floor of the project's
initial rents, in the event median incomes decrease. The commenter also
suggested that the rent limitation should be adjusted by the number of bedrooms
in the unit.



 In this revised interim rule (at 12 CFR 1807.401(a) and (e)), the CDFI Fund
incorporates the commenter's suggestions regarding Federal or State rental
subsidy and the creation of a rent floor for projects. The CDFI Fund also adopts
the commenter's suggestion that rent limitations be adjusted by the number of
bedrooms in the unit (12 CFR 1807.401(a)).

 III. Summary of Changes



 Substantive revisions to the interim rule (meaning, revisions other than the
insertion of new language that clarifies existing program requirements) fall
generally into three categories: (i) Adoption of policy priorities, programmatic
changes/clarifications, and technical corrections; (ii) alignment with the
Uniform Administrative Requirements; and (iii) alignment with HOME Program
requirements and with requirements to qualify for LIHTCs.



 Recent efforts supported by the White House Rental Housing Policy Working
Group, which established joint working groups comprised of staff from the U.S.
Department of Housing and Urban Development (HUD), the U.S. Department of
Agriculture (USDA), and the U.S. Department of the Treasury have highlighted the
need for alignment amongst federally subsidized affordable housing program
requirements. The CDFI Fund has determined that Recipients' use of CMF Awards
better aligns with LIHTCs (as opposed to benefits under the HOME Program) in
several key respects, specifically with regard to Project-level requirements.
Thus, this interim rule incorporates some requirements to qualify for LIHTCs and
removes certain requirements that, in the December 10, 2010, CMF Program interim
rule, were modeled after the HOME Program.



 A. Section 1807.101, Summary: "Community Service Facilities" has been stricken
as a stand-alone activity; instead, Community Service Facilities is embedded in
the definition of Economic Development Activities. Per the Uniform
Administrative Requirements, the use of the word "Awardee" is replaced with
"Recipient," and any reference to a CMF grant is replaced with "CMF Award" as
defined in the definitions section, 12 CFR 1807.104.



 B. Section 1807.102, Relationship to other CDFI Programs: The requirement for a
Certified CDFI to be an operating entity for three years prior to the
application deadline has been deleted; instead, this subsection establishes that
restrictions for using CMF Awards in conjunction with other CDFI Program awards
will be set forth in the applicable notices of funds, guarantee, or allocation
availability.



 C. Section 1807.104, Definitions: As noted above, the defined term "Awardee" is
deleted and replaced with the new defined term "Recipient." The term "Applicant"
is now defined. The term "CMF Award" is now defined. The term "Development" is
revised to clarify that any combination of the listed activities that result in
Affordable Housing is "Development." The term "Direct Administrative Expenses"
is now defined. The definition of the term "Economic Development Activity" is
revised by striking "purchase"; the term "acquisition" is used instead. The term
"Effective Date" is now defined. "Eligible Income" is revised to provide
adjustments for Family size. "Eligible Project Costs" is revised to strike
"operations" as an eligible use of CMF Awards. "Extremely Low-Income" is revised
to align with income limits published by HUD, including adjustments for Family
size in the case of Homeownership. The defined term "Family" or "Families" is
revised by removing the income categories to describe the household. The defined
term "Homeownership" is updated and restructured based on HOME Program
regulations. The defined term "Housing" is also revised to reflect HOME Program
regulation updates. The defined term "Housing" is used in several places
throughout the regulations to signify the intent of the defined term. Some of
the structures and facilities excluded from the definition of Housing may meet
the definition of Community Service Facilities. The term "In Conjunction With
Affordable Housing Activities" has been modified in order to be consistent with
standards in other CDFI Fund Programs that fund projects and activities based on
proximity to intended beneficiaries and/or assessment of access to services for
individuals intended to benefit from such programs (e.g., Healthy Foods
Financing Initiative Financial Assistance under the CDFI Program). The term
"Investment Period" is defined in ]&thinsp;1807.104. The term "Leveraged Costs"
is revised to clarify that such costs are limited to Affordable Housing
Activities and Economic Development Activities that exceed the dollar amount of
the CMF Award. "Loan Guarantee" is revised to clarify that a loan that is
guaranteed with the CMF Award must be used for Affordable Housing Activities
and/or Economic Development Activities. "Loan Loss Reserves" is revised to
clarify that cash reserves set aside to cover losses must be for Affordable
Housing Activities and/or Economic Development Activities. The term "Low-Income"
is revised to align with income limits published by HUD, including adjustments
for Family size in the case of Homeownership. In the case of rental Housing,
"Low-Income" is revised to allow for circumstances in which the qualifying
Family occupies a unit that has a Federal or State rental subsidy. The term
"Non-Metropolitan Area" is revised to align with and accommodate the OMB
definition, which is periodically updated. The term "Non-Regulated CDFI" is
deleted because it is not used in the interim rule. The term "Operations" is
deleted in ]&thinsp;1807.104 since it is no longer an eligible activity in
]&thinsp;1807.301; a new term "Direct Administrative Expenses" is defined in
]&thinsp;1807.104. A new term, "Payment" is defined to describe the transmission
of CMF Award dollars from the CDFI Fund to the Recipient. "Preservation" is
revised to specify that refinancing must extend the existing affordability and
use restrictions on the property by a minimum of 10 years or as otherwise
specified in the Assistance Agreement. "Program Income" is defined to align with
the Uniform Administrative Requirements. "Project" is defined to mean the
Affordable Housing Activity and/or Economic Development Activity that is
financed with a CMF Award. The term "Purchase" is revised to clarify that the
purchasing Family and Single-family housing must meet the qualifications set
forth in subparts D and E. "Underserved Rural Area" is restructured and revised
to serve intended populations per the statute and allow the CDFI Fund to set
forth an alternative definition of "Underserved Rural Area" for any given
application round in the applicable NOFA and/or Assistance Agreement. "Uniform
Administrative Requirements" is defined in ]&thinsp;1807.104 to reflect the
Department of the Treasury's codification of the Office of Management and
Budget's government-wide framework for grants management. The definition of the
term "Very Low-Income" is revised to align with income limits published by HUD,
including adjustments for Family size in the case of Homeownership.



 D. Section 1807.107, Applicability of regulations for CMF awards: Section
1807.107 was added to address the applicability of this rule to the FY 2010 CMF
application round and subsequent application rounds. The CDFI Fund has
determined that this rule applies only to those CMF awards made pursuant to
Notices of Funds Availability (NOFAs) published after the effective date of this
interim rule, except for ]&thinsp;1807.902(e)(1)(i) regarding audited financial
statements of Nonprofit Organization Recipients. As indicated at 2 CFR 200.110,
the Uniform Administrative Requirements, subpart F--Audit Requirements applies
to audits of Nonprofits of fiscal years beginning on or after December 26, 2014.




 E. Section 1807.200, Applicant eligibility: In ]&thinsp;1807.200(a)(1), the
eligibility requirement that a certifiable CDFI can apply is deleted because the
CDFI Fund has determined that most Applicants can meet the program's eligibility
requirements by being either a Certified CDFI or a Nonprofit Organization. The
eligibility requirements for a Nonprofit Organization are revised in
]&thinsp;1807.200(a)(2)(iii) to no longer allow an entity to demonstrate its
principal purpose of development or management of affordable housing through its
staffing. Section 1807.200(a)(2)(iii) also states that the applicable Notice of
Funds Availability (NOFA) will indicate the percentage of a Nonprofit
Organization Applicant's assets that must be dedicated to the development or
management of affordable housing. Section 1807.200(b) is also revised to reflect
these eligibility modifications.



 F. Subpart C, Use of Funds/Eligible activities: Section 1807.300 is revised to
clarify that Recipients must use their CMF Awards for the financing-related
eligible activities set forth in ]&thinsp;1807.301 to attract private capital
and increase investment in those activities in ]&thinsp;1807.300(a) and (b).
Revisions to ]&thinsp;1807.300(b) reinforce the requirement that when a
Recipient undertakes Economic Development Activities In Conjunction With
Affordable Housing Activities, the Recipient must track and report on such
Affordable Housing Activities if it was financed with a CMF Award. Sections
1807.300 and 1807.301 are revised by deleting "Community Service Facilities" as
a stand-alone eligible activity; instead, "Community Service Facilities" is
embedded in the definition of Economic Development Activities. As such, this
term is deleted as a technical correction throughout the interim rule, when
appropriate. Sections 1807.301 and 1807.302 are revised to eliminate
"operations" as an eligible activity. The content of former ]&thinsp;1807.302(c)
is now located in ]&thinsp;1807.302(b); the content of ]&thinsp;1807.302(d) is
now located in ]&thinsp;1807.302(c). New ]&thinsp;1807.302(d) and (e) are added
to clarify certain tracking and repayment requirements for Recipients that use
CMF Award for Loan Guarantees or Loan Loss Reserves. Section 1807.302(f) states
that Recipients may not use more than five (5) percent of its CMF Award for
Direct Administrative Expenses. Section 1807.303 is added to address Program
Income requirements.



 G. Subpart D, Qualification as Affordable Housing: Section 1807.400 is revised
to indicate that the CDFI Fund may establish greater commitments for deeper
income targeting attributable to Eligible Project Costs in the applicable NOFA
and/or Assistance Agreement. Section 1807.401 is revised in order to make
general program clarifications and establish certain program requirements, many
of which align with the requirements of the LIHTC Program and the HOME Program.
For example, language was added to ]&thinsp;1807.401 to allow the CDFI Fund to
set forth in the applicable NOFA requirements for successful applicants to serve
targeted incomes that exceed the requirements of ]&thinsp;1807.401. The rent
limitation in ]&thinsp;1807.401(a) is revised to align with requirements to
qualify for LIHTCs and to account for rental subsidies in each of the income
categories. Section 1807.401(c) and (e) are revised to align with requirements
to qualify for LIHTCs. Section 1807.401(f) is revised to align with the HOME
Program regulations' elimination of the U.S. Census long form for annual income
determinations. Thus, the content of the former ]&thinsp;1807.401(f)(2)(i) is
deleted and the content of the former ]&thinsp;1807.401(f)(2)(ii) is now located
in ]&thinsp;1807.401(f)(2)(i). Similarly, the content of the former
]&thinsp;1807.401(f)(2)(iii) has moved up and is now located in
]&thinsp;1807.401(f)(2)(ii). Section 1807.401(g)(2) is revised to clarify rent
restrictions when rent is subject to IRC sections 42(g)(2) and 42(h)(6). Section
1807.401(g)(3) is revised to clarify that any replacement unit must meet the
affordability qualifications for the income category of the unit that is being
replaced. Section 1807.402(a) and (b) are revised by replacing "acquisition"
with "Purchase" to reflect the use of the new defined term. Section
1807.402(a)(5) is revised to clarify that, in the event of resale of
CMF-financed Single-family housing to a non-qualifying family before the 10-year
affordability period ends, the Recipient must use an equivalent amount of the
CMF Award used for the applicable Affordable Housing Activity, whether recouped
or not, to finance additional Affordable Housing Activities for a qualifying
Family in the same income category for Homeownership.



 H. Subpart E, Leveraging and Commitment Requirement: Section 1807.500(b) is
revised to include the Assistance Agreement as a source for the required
percentage of Leveraged Costs that must be funded by non-governmental sources.
Section 1807.500(a)(1) is deleted because "operations" is no longer an eligible
activity and defined term. Accordingly, the former ]&thinsp;1807.500(a)(2) is
now ]&thinsp;1807.500(b)(2) and former ]&thinsp;1807.500(a)(3) is now
]&thinsp;1807.500(b)(2)(ii). Section 1807.500(b)(2)(iii) was added to address
eligible Leveraged Costs for Economic Development Activities. The content of
former ]&thinsp;1807.500(b) is deleted. Section 1807.501(a) is revised and
section 1807.501(b) is added to account for the eligible activity "Purchase" to
a qualifying Family, and ]&thinsp;1807.501(b)(3) is added to provide more
accountability regarding Project Completion. Section 1807.501(c) and (d) are
added to align with the Uniform Administrative Requirements regarding Payments.
Section 1807.503 is revised to include property standards necessary to ensure
that CMF Awards are invested in structures and units that are sound, decent,
safe and sanitary; such standards are largely adopted from the HOME Program and
the requirements to qualify for LIHTCs. Section 1807.503(a)(4) is added to
address Project Completion in the case of Preservation. The content of the
former ]&thinsp;1807.503(b)(2) is now located in ]&thinsp;1807.503(b)(2)(i) and
a new ]&thinsp;1807.503(b)(2)(ii) is added to address disaster mitigation in
regards to Project Completion. Section 1807.503(b)(2)(iii) is added to address
lead-based paint. The content of former ]&thinsp;1807.503(b)(3) is now moved to
]&thinsp;1807.503(b)(4) and incorporates recent HOME Program updates. Thus,
]&thinsp;1807.503(b)(3) contains new content regarding Rehabilitation standards.
The content of former ]&thinsp;1807.503(c) is moved to ]&thinsp;1807.503(a)(3).



 I. Subpart F, Tracking Requirements: Section 1807.601 is renamed and revised to
reflect that the Uniform Administrative Requirements apply to all CMF Awards and
sets forth the CDFI Fund's policy that indirect costs are not allowed. Section
1807.602 also establishes the circumstances in which a CMF Award loses its
so-called "Federal character." Section 1807.602 is also revised to clarify that
CMF Awards are Federal financial assistance for purposes of the applicability of
Federal civil rights laws.



 J. Subpart H, Evaluation and Selection of Applications: In
]&thinsp;1807.800(c)(3) "blight" is deleted as an ambiguous term.



 K. Subpart I, Terms and Conditions of Assistance: Section 1807.900(c) is
revised to clarify statutory requirements regarding notice and hearing. To align
with the Uniform Administrative Requirements, ]&thinsp;1807.901 "Disbursement of
funds" is renamed "Payment of funds" to reflect the transmission of CMF Award
dollars from the CDFI Fund to the Recipient as a "Payment." Section 1807.902(d)
and (e) are revised to accommodate the audit requirements of the Uniform
Administrative Requirements. Pursuant to revised ]&thinsp;1807.902(e)(1),
Nonprofit Organizations that are not required to have their financial statements
audited pursuant to the Uniform Administrative Requirements may still be subject
to additional audit requirements, which will be set forth in the applicable NOFA
and Assistance Agreement. In addition, ]&thinsp;1807.902(e)(2), "Performance
Goal Reporting," is renamed as "Annual Report" and revised to clarify and
require the submission of performance and financial reporting in the form of an
annual report, as further specified in the Assistance Agreement. Section
1807.902(e)(3) is added to clarify the compliance requirements for Insured
CDFIs, Depository Institution Holding Companies, and State-Insured Credit
Unions. Section 1807.902(e)(4) is added to convey that any reports under
]&thinsp;1807.902 may be subject to public inspection per the Freedom of
Information Act. Section 1807.903 is revised to specify that in addition to all
other Federal, state, and local laws, Recipients shall also comply with all
applicable Federal environmental requirements.

 IV. Rulemaking Analysis



 It has been determined that this interim rule is not a significant regulatory
action under Executive Order 12866. Accordingly, a regulatory impact assessment
is not required.



 Because no notice of proposed rulemaking is required under the Administrative
Procedure Act (5 U.S.C 553), or any other law, the Regulatory Flexibility Act
does not apply.



 The collections of information contained in this interim rule will be reviewed
and approved by the Office of Management and Budget (OMB) in accordance with the
Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995 and assigned the applicable, approved OMB
Control Numbers associated with the CDFI Fund under 1559-XXXX. An agency may not
conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of
information unless it displays a valid control number assigned by OMB. This
document restates the collections of information without substantive change.



 This interim rule has been reviewed in accordance with the CDFI Fund's
environmental quality regulations (12 CFR part 1815), promulgated pursuant to
the National Environmental Protection Act of 1969 (NEPA), which requires that
the CDFI Fund adequately consider the cumulative impact proposed activities have
upon the human environment. It is the determination of the CDFI Fund that the
interim rule does not constitute a major federal action significantly affecting
the quality of the human environment and, in accordance with the NEPA and the
CDFI Fund's environmental quality regulations (12 CFR part 1815), neither an
Environmental Assessment nor an Environmental Impact Statement is required.



 Because the revisions to this interim rule relate to loans and grants, notice
and public procedure and a delayed effective date are not required pursuant to
the Administrative Procedure Act, 5 U.S.C. 553(a)(2).



 Public comment is solicited on all aspects of this interim rule. The CDFI Fund
will consider all comments made on the substance of this interim rule, but it
does not intend to hold hearings.



 Capital Magnet Fund--21.011.

 List of Subjects in 12 CFR Part 1807



 Community development, Grant programs--housing and community development,
Reporting and record keeping requirements.



 For the reasons set forth in the preamble, 12 CFR part 1807 is revised to read
as follows:

 Regulatory Text

 Part 1807 Capital Magnet Fund

 Subpart a General Provisions

 Sec.

 1807.100

 Purpose.

 1807.101

 Summary.

 1807.102

 Relationship to other CDFI Fund programs.

 1807.103

 Recipient not instrumentality.

 1807.104

 Definitions.

 1807.105

 Waiver authority.

 1807.106

 OMB control number.

 1807.107

 Applicability of regulations for CMF Awards.

 Subpart B Eligibility

 1807.200

 Applicant eligibility.

 Subpart C Eligible Purposes Eligible Activities Restrictions

 1807.300

 Eligible purposes.

 1807.301

 Eligible activities.

 1807.302

 Restrictions on use of CMF Award.

 1807.303

 Authorized uses of Program Income.

 Subpart D Qualification As Affordable Housing

 1807.400

 Affordable Housing--general.

 1807.401

 Affordable Housing--Rental Housing.

 1807.402

 Affordable Housing--Homeownership.

 Subpart E Leveraged Costs Eligible Project Costs Commitment Requirements

 1807.500

 Leveraged Costs; Eligible Project Costs.

 1807.501

 Commitments; Payments.

 1807.502

 CMF Award limits.

 1807.503

 Projection Completion; Property standards.

 Subpart F Tracking Funds Uniform Administrative Requirements Nature of Funds

 1807.600

 Tracking funds.

 1807.601

 Uniform Administrative Requirements.

 1807.602

 Nature of funds.

 Subpart G Notice of Funds Availability Applications

 1807.700

 Notice of funds availability.

 Subpart H Evaluation and Selection of Applications

 1807.800

 Evaluation and selection--general.

 1807.801

 Evaluation of applications.

 Subpart I Terms and Conditions of Cmf Award

 1807.900

 Assistance agreement.

 1807.901

 Payment of funds.

 1807.902

 Data collection and reporting.

 1807.903

 Compliance with government requirements.

 1807.904

 Lobbying restrictions.

 1807.905

 Criminal provisions.

 1807.906

 CDFI Fund deemed not to control.

 1807.907

 Limitation on liability.

 1807.908

 Fraud, waste and abuse.

 Authority



 12 U.S.C. 4569.

 Subpart a General Provisions

 ]&thinsp;1807.100

 Purpose.



 The purpose of the Capital Magnet Fund (CMF) is to attract private capital for
and increase investment in Affordable Housing Activities and related Economic
Development Activities.

 ]&thinsp;1807.101

 Summary.



 (a) Through the CMF, the CDFI Fund competitively awards grants to CDFIs and
qualified Nonprofit Organizations to leverage dollars for:



 (1) The Development, Preservation, Rehabilitation or Purchase of Affordable
Housing primarily for Low-Income Families; and



 (2) Financing Economic Development Activities.



 (b) The CDFI Fund will select Recipients to receive CMF Awards through a
merit-based, competitive application process. CMF Awards may only be used for
eligible uses set forth in subpart C of this part. Each Recipient will enter
into an Assistance Agreement that will require it to leverage the CMF Award
amount and abide by other terms and conditions pertinent to any assistance
received under this part.

 ]&thinsp;1807.102

 Relationship to other CDFI Fund programs.



 Restrictions on applying for, receiving, and using CMF Awards in conjunction
with awards under other programs administered by the CDFI Fund (including, but
not limited to, the Bank Enterprise Award Program, the CDFI Program, the CDFI
Bond Guarantee Program, the Native American CDFI Assistance (NACA) Program, and
the New Markets Tax Credit Program) are as set forth in the applicable Notice of
Funds Availability, Notice of Guarantee Availability, or Notice of Allocation
Availability.

 ]&thinsp;1807.103

 Recipient not instrumentality.



 No Recipient shall be deemed to be an agency, department, or instrumentality of
the United States.

 ]&thinsp;1807.104

 Definitions.



 For the purpose of this part:



 Act means the Housing and Economic Recovery Act of 2008, as amended, Public Law
110-289, section 1131;



 Affiliate means any entity that Controls, is Controlled by, or is under common
Control with, an entity;



 Affordable Housing means housing that meets the requirements set forth in
subpart D of this part;



 Affordable Housing Activities means the Development, Preservation,
Rehabilitation, and/or Purchase of Affordable Housing;



 Affordable Housing Fund means a revolving loan, grant or investment fund that
is:



 (1) Managed by the Recipient; and



 (2) Uses its capital to finance Affordable Housing Activities;



 Applicant means any entity submitting an application for a CMF Award;



 Appropriate Federal Banking Agency has the same meaning as in section 3 of the
Federal Deposit Insurance Act, 12 U.S.C. 1813(q), and includes, with respect to
Insured Credit Unions, the National Credit Union Administration;



 Appropriate State Agency means an agency or instrumentality of a State that
regulates and/or insures the member accounts of a State-Insured Credit Union;



 Assistance Agreement means a formal, written agreement between the CDFI Fund
and a Recipient, which agreement specifies the terms and conditions of
assistance under this part;



 Capital Magnet Fund (or CMF) means the program authorized by the Act and
implemented under this part;



 CMF Award means the financial assistance in the form of a grant made by the
CDFI Fund to a Recipient pursuant to this part;



 Certified Community Development Financial Institution (or Certified CDFI) means
an entity that has been determined by the CDFI Fund to meet the certification
requirements set forth in 12 CFR 1805.201;



 Committed means that the Recipient is able to demonstrate, in written form and
substance that is acceptable to the CDFI Fund, a commitment for use of CMF
Award, as set forth in ]&thinsp;1807.501;



 Community Development Financial Institutions Fund (or CDFI Fund) means the
Community Development Financial Institutions Fund, the U.S. Department of the
Treasury, established pursuant to the Community Development Banking and
Financial Institutions Act of 1994, as amended, 12 U.S.C. 4701 et seq.;



 Community Service Facility means the physical structure in which service
programs for residents or service programs for the broader community (including,
but not limited to, health care, childcare, educational programs including
literacy and after school programs, job training, food and nutrition services,
cultural programs, and/or social services) operate that, In Conjunction With
Affordable Housing Activities, implements a Concerted Strategy to stabilize or
revitalize a Low-Income Area or Underserved Rural Area;



 Concerted Strategy means a formal planning document that evidences the
connection between Affordable Housing Activities and Economic Development
Activities. Such documents include, but are not limited to, a comprehensive,
consolidated, or redevelopment plan, or some other local or regional planning
document adopted or approved by the jurisdiction;



 Control means:



 (1) Ownership, control, or power to vote 25 percent or more of the outstanding
shares of any class of Voting Securities of any company, directly or indirectly
or acting through one or more other persons;



 (2) Control in any manner over the election of a majority of the directors,
trustees, or general partners (or individuals exercising similar functions) of
any company; or



 (3) The power to exercise, directly or indirectly, a controlling influence over
the management, credit or investment decisions, or policies of any company;



 Depository Institution Holding Company means a bank holding company or a
savings and loan holding company as each are defined in the Federal Deposit
Insurance Act, 12 U.S.C. 1813(w);



 Development means any combination of the following Project activities: Land
acquisition, demolition of existing facilities, and construction of new
facilities, which may include site improvement, utilities development and
rehabilitation of utilities, necessary infrastructure, utility services,
conversion, and other related activities resulting in Affordable Housing;



 Direct Administrative Expenses means direct costs incurred by the Recipient,
related to the financing of the Project as described in 2 CFR 200.413 of the
Uniform Administrative Requirements;



 Economic Development Activity means the development, preservation, acquisition
and/or rehabilitation of Community Service Facilities and/or other physical
structures in which neighborhood-based businesses operate which, In Conjunction
With Affordable Housing Activities, implements a Concerted Strategy to stabilize
or revitalize a Low-Income Area or Underserved Rural Area;



 Effective Date means the date that the Assistance Agreement is effective; such
date is determined by the CDFI Fund after the Recipient has returned an
executed, original Assistance Agreement, along with all required supporting
documentation, including the opinion of counsel, if required;



 Eligible-Income means:



 (1) Having, in the case of owner-occupied Housing units, annual income not in
excess of 120 percent of the area median income adjusted for Family size in the
same manner as HUD makes these adjustments for its other published income
limits; and



 (2) Having, in the case of rental Housing units, annual income not in excess of
120 percent of the area median income, adjusted for Family size in the same
manner as HUD makes these adjustments for its published income limits;



 Eligible Project Costs means Leveraged Costs plus those costs funded directly
by a CMF Award;



 Extremely Low-Income means:



 (1) Having, in the case of owner-occupied Housing units, income not in excess
of 30 percent of the area median income, adjusted for Family size, as determined
by HUD, except that HUD may establish income ceilings higher or lower than 30
percent of the median for the area on the basis of HUD findings that such
variations are necessary because of prevailing levels of construction costs or
fair market rents, or unusually high or low Family incomes and



 (2) Having, in the case of rental Housing units, income not in excess of 30
percent of the area median income, adjusted for Family size, as determined by
HUD, except that HUD may establish income ceilings higher or lower than 30
percent of the median for the area on the basis of HUD findings that such
variations are necessary because of prevailing levels of construction costs or
fair market rents, or unusually high or low Family incomes;



 Family or Families means households that reside within the boundaries of the
United Sates (which shall encompass any State of the United States, the District
of Columbia or any territory of the United States, including Puerto Rico, Guam,
American Samoa, the U. S. Virgin Islands, and the Northern Mariana Islands);



 HOME Program means the HOME Investment Partnership Program established by the
HOME Investment Partnerships Act under title II of the Cranston-Gonzalez
National Affordable Housing Act, as amended, 42 U.S.C. 12701 et seq.;



 Homeownership means ownership in fee simple title interest in one- to four-unit
Housing or in a condominium unit, or equivalent form of ownership approved by
the CDFI Fund. The Recipient must determine whether ownership or membership in a
cooperative or mutual housing project constitutes Homeownership under State law.
The ownership interest is subject to the following additional requirements:



 (1) Except as otherwise provided in paragraphs (1)(i), (ii), and (iii) of this
definition, the land may be owned in fee simple or the homeowner may have a
99-year ground lease;



 (i) For Housing located on Indian trust or restricted Indian lands, the ground
lease must be for 50 years or more;



 (ii) For Housing located in Guam, the Northern Mariana Islands, the U. S.
Virgin Islands, and American Samoa, the ground lease must be 40 years or more;



 (iii) For manufactured housing, the ground lease must be for a minimum period
of 10 years or such other applicable time period regarding location set forth in
this definition of Homeownership at the time of purchase by the homeowner;



 (2) Ownership interest may not merely consist of a right to possession under a
contract for deed, installment contract, or land contract (pursuant to which the
deed is not given until the final payment is made);



 (3) Ownership interest may only be subject to the restrictions on resale
permitted under the Assistance Agreement and this part; mortgages, deeds of
trust, or other liens or instruments securing debt on the property; or any other
restrictions or encumbrances that do not impair the good and marketable nature
of title to the ownership interest;



 Housing means Single-family and Multi-family residential units including, but
not limited to, manufactured housing and manufactured housing lots, permanent
housing for disabled and/or homeless persons, transitional housing, single-room
occupancy housing, and group homes. Housing also includes elder cottage housing
opportunity (ECHO) units that are small, free- standing, barrier-free,
energy-efficient, removable, and designed to be installed adjacent to existing
single-family dwellings. Housing does not include emergency shelters (including
shelters for disaster victims) or facilities such as nursing homes, convalescent
homes, hospitals, residential treatment facilities, correctional facilities,
halfway houses, housing for students, or dormitories (including farmworker
dormitories);



 HUD means the Department of Housing and Urban Development established under the
Department of Housing and Urban Development Act of 1965, 42 U.S.C. 3532 et seq.;




 In Conjunction With Affordable Housing means:



 (1) Physically proximate to; and



 (2) Reasonably available to residents of Affordable Housing that is subject to
Affordable Housing Activities. For a Metropolitan Area, In Conjunction With
means located within the same census tract or within 1 mile of such Affordable
Housing. For a Non-Metropolitan Area, In Conjunction With means located within
the same county, township, or village, or within 10 miles of such Affordable
Housing;



 Insured CDFI means a Certified CDFI that is an Insured Depository Institution
or an Insured Credit Union;



 Insured Credit Union means any credit union, the member accounts of which are
insured by the National Credit Union Share Insurance Fund by the National Credit
Union Administration pursuant to authority granted in 12 U.S.C. 1783 et seq.;



 Insured Depository Institution means any bank or thrift, the deposits of which
are insured by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation as determined in 12
U.S.C. 1813(c)(2);



 Investment Period means the period beginning with the Effective Date and ending
on the fifth year anniversary of the Effective Date, or such other period as may
be established by the CDFI Fund in the Assistance Agreement;



 Leveraged Costs means costs for Affordable Housing Activities and Economic
Development Activities that exceed the dollar amount of the CMF Award, as
further described in ]&thinsp;1807.500;



 Loan Guarantee means the Recipient's use of CMF Award to support an agreement
to indemnify the holder of a loan all or a portion of the unpaid principal
balance in case of default by the borrower. The proceeds of the loan that is
guaranteed with the CMF Award must be used for Affordable Housing Activities
and/or Economic Development Activities;



 Loan Loss Reserves means proceeds from the CMF Award that the Recipient will
set aside in the form of cash reserves, or through accounting-based accrual
reserves, to cover losses on loans, accounts, and notes receivable for
Affordable Housing Activities and/or Economic Development Activities, or for
related purposes that the CDFI Fund deems appropriate;



 Low-Income means:



 (1) Having, in the case of owner-occupied Housing units, income not in excess
of 80 percent of area median income, adjusted for Family size, as determined by
HUD, except that HUD may establish income ceilings higher or lower than 80
percent of the median for the area on the basis of HUD findings that such
variations are necessary because of prevailing levels of construction costs or
fair market rents, or unusually high or low Family incomes; and



 (2) Having, in the case of rental Housing units, income not in excess of 80
percent of area median income, adjusted for Family size, as determined by HUD,
except that HUD may establish income ceilings higher or lower than 80 percent of
the median for the area on the basis of HUD findings that such variations are
necessary because of prevailing levels of construction costs or fair market
rents, or unusually high or low Family incomes;



 Low-Income Area or LIA means a census tract or block numbering area in which
the median income does not exceed 80 percent of the median income for the area
in which such census tract or block numbering area is located. With respect to a
census tract or block numbering area located within a Metropolitan Area, the
median Family income shall be at or below 80 percent of the Metropolitan Area
median Family income or the national Metropolitan Area median Family income,
whichever is greater. In the case of a census tract or block numbering area
located outside of a Metropolitan Area, the median Family income shall be at or
below 80 percent of the statewide Non-Metropolitan Area median Family income or
the national Non-Metropolitan Area median Family income, whichever is greater;



 Low Income Housing Credits (or LIHTCs) means credits against income tax under
section 42 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, 26 U.S.C. 42;



 Metropolitan Area means an area designated as such by the Office of Management
and Budget pursuant to 44 U.S.C. 3504(e) and 31 U.S.C. 1104(d) and Executive
Order 10253 (3 CFR, 1949-1953 Comp., p. 758), as amended;



 Multi-family housing means residential properties consisting of five or more
dwelling units, such as a condominium unit, cooperative unit, apartment, or
townhouse;



 Non-Metropolitan Area means counties that are designated as Non-Metropolitan
Counties by the Office of Management and Budget (OMB) pursuant to 44 U.S.C.
3504(e) and 31 U.S.C. 1104(d) and Executive Order 10253 (3 CFR, 1949-1953 Comp.,
p. 758), as amended, and as made available by the CDFI Fund for a specific
application funding round;



 Nonprofit Organization means any corporation, trust, association, cooperative,
or other organization that is:



 (1) Designated as a nonprofit or not-for-profit entity under the laws of the
organization's State of formation; and



 (2) Exempt from Federal income taxation pursuant to the Internal Revenue Code
of 1986;



 Participating Jurisdiction means a jurisdiction designated by HUD as such under
the HOME Program in accordance with the requirements of 24 CFR 92.105;



 Payment means the transmission of CMF Award dollars from the CDFI Fund to the
Recipient;



 Preservation means:



 (1) Activities to refinance, with or without Rehabilitation, Single-family
housing or Multi-family housing (rental) mortgages that, at the time of
refinancing, are subject to affordability and use restrictions under the LIHTC
statute or under State or Federal affordable housing programs, including but not
limited to, the HOME Program, properties with Federal project-based rental
assistance, or the USDA rental housing programs, hereinafter referred to as
"similar State or Federal affordable housing programs," where such refinancing
has the effect of extending the term of any existing affordability and use
restrictions on the properties by a minimum 10 years or as otherwise specified
in the Assistance Agreement;



 (2) Activities to refinance and acquire Single-family housing or Multi-family
housing that, at the time of refinancing or acquisition, were subject to
affordability and use restrictions under similar State or Federal affordable
housing programs or under the LIHTC statute, by the former tenants of such
properties, where such refinancing has the effect of extending the term of any
existing affordability and use restrictions on the properties by a minimum 10
years or as otherwise specified in the Assistance Agreement;



 (3) Activities to refinance the mortgages of owner-occupied, Single-family
housing that, at the time of refinancing, are subject to affordability and use
restrictions under similar State or Federal affordable housing programs, where
such refinancing has the effect of extending the term of any existing
affordability and use restrictions on the properties by a minimum 10 years or as
otherwise specified in the Assistance Agreement;



 (4) Activities to acquire Single-family housing or Multi-family housing, with
or without Rehabilitation, with the commitment to subject the properties to the
affordability qualifications set forth in subpart D of this part; or



 (5) Activities to refinance, with or without Rehabilitation, Single-family
housing or Multi-family housing, with the commitment to subject the properties
to the affordability qualifications set forth in subpart D of this part;



 Program Income means gross income, as further described in 2 CFR part 1000;



 Project means the Affordable Housing Activity and/or Economic Development
Activity that is financed with the CMF Award;



 Project Completion means that all of the requirements set forth at
]&thinsp;1807.503 for a Project have been met;



 Purchase means to provide direct financing to a Family for purposes of
Homeownership. Before the Recipient provides any financing to a Family for
Homeownership purposes, the Recipient must verify that the Family and the
Single-family housing meet the qualifications set forth in subparts D and E of
this part;



 Recipient means an Applicant selected by the CDFI Fund to receive a CMF Award
pursuant to this part;



 Rehabilitation means any repairs and/or capital improvements that contribute to
the long-term preservation, current building code compliance, habitability,
sustainability, or energy efficiency of Affordable Housing;



 Revolving Loan Fund means a pool of funds managed by the Applicant or the
Recipient wherein repayments on loans for Affordable Housing Activities or
Economic Development Activities are used to refinance additional loans;



 Risk-Sharing Loan means loans for Affordable Housing Activities and/or Economic
Development Activities in which the risk of borrower default is shared by the
Applicant or Recipient with other lenders (e.g., participation loans);



 Service Area means the geographic area in which the Applicant proposes to use
the CMF Award, and the geographic area approved by the CDFI Fund in which the
Recipient must use the CMF Award as set forth in its Assistance Agreement;



 Single-family housing means a one- to four-Family residence, a condominium
unit, a cooperative unit, a combination of manufactured housing and lot, or a
manufactured housing lot;



 State means the states of the United States, the District of Columbia, the
Commonwealth of Puerto Rico, the Commonwealth of the Northern Mariana Island,
Guam, the U.S. Virgin Islands, American Samoa, the Trust Territory of the
Pacific Islands, and any other territory of the United States;



 State-Insured Credit Union means any credit union that is regulated by, and/or
the member accounts of which are insured by, a State agency or instrumentality;



 Subsidiary means any company that is owned or Controlled directly or indirectly
by another company;



 Underserved Rural Area means:



 (1) A Non-Metropolitan Area that:



 (i) Qualifies as a Low-Income Area; and



 (ii) Is experiencing economic distress evidenced by 30 percent or more of
resident households with one or more of these four housing conditions in the
most recent census for which data are available:



 (A) Lacking complete plumbing;



 (B) Lacking complete kitchen;



 (C) Paying 30 percent or more of income for owner costs or tenant rent; or



 (D) Having more than 1 person per room;



 (2) An area as specified in the applicable NOFA and/or Assistance Agreement;



 Uniform Administrative Requirements means the Uniform Administrative
Requirements, Cost Principles, and Audit Requirements for Federal Awards (2 CFR
part 1000);



 Very Low-Income means:



 (1) Having, in the case of owner-occupied Housing, income not greater than 50
percent of the area median income with adjustments for Family size, as
determined by HUD, except that HUD may establish income ceilings higher or lower
than 50 percent of the median for the area on the basis of HUD findings that
such variations are necessary because of prevailing levels of construction costs
or fair market rents, or unusually high or low Family incomes; and



 (2) Having, in the case of rental Housing, income not greater than 50 percent
of the area median income, with adjustments for Family size, as determined by
HUD, except that HUD may establish income ceilings higher or lower than 50
percent of the median for the area on the basis of HUD findings that such
variations are necessary because of prevailing levels of construction costs or
fair market rents, or unusually high or low Family incomes.

 ]&thinsp;1807.105

 Waiver authority.



 The CDFI Fund may waive any requirement of this part that is not required by
law upon a determination of good cause. Each such waiver shall be in writing and
supported by a statement of the facts and the grounds forming the basis of the
waiver. For a waiver in an individual case, the CDFI Fund must determine that
application of the requirement to be waived would adversely affect the
achievement of the purposes of the Act. For waivers of general applicability,
the CDFI Fund will publish notification of granted waivers in the Federal
Register.

 ]&thinsp;1807.106

 OMB control number.



 The OMB control number for the CMF Award application is 1559-0036. The
compliance date requirements for the collection of information in
]&thinsp;1807.902 is stayed indefinitely, pending Office of Management and
Budget approval and assignment of an OMB control number.

 ]&thinsp;1807.107

 Applicability of regulations for CMF Awards.



 As of February 8, 2016, the regulations of this part are applicable for CMF
Awards made pursuant to Notices of Funds Availability published after February
8, 2016.

 Subpart B Eligibility

 ]&thinsp;1807.200

 Applicant eligibility.



 (a) General requirements. An Applicant will be deemed eligible to apply for a
CMF Award if it is:



 (1) A Certified CDFI. An entity may meet the requirements described in this
paragraph (a)(1) if it is:



 (i) A Certified CDFI, as set forth in 12 CFR 1805.201,



 (ii) A Certified CDFI that has been in existence as a legally formed entity as
set forth in the applicable Notice of Funds Availability (NOFA); or



 (2) A Nonprofit Organization having as one of its principal purposes the
development or management of affordable housing. An entity may meet the
requirements described in this paragraph (a)(2) if it:



 (i) Has been in existence as a legally formed entity as set forth in the
applicable NOFA;



 (ii) Demonstrates, through articles of incorporation, by-laws, or other
board-approved documents, that the development or management of affordable
housing are among its principal purposes; and



 (iii) Can demonstrate that a certain percentage, set forth in the applicable
NOFA, of the Applicant's total assets are dedicated to the development or
management of affordable housing.



 (b) Eligibility verification. An Applicant shall demonstrate that it meets the
eligibility requirements described in paragraph (a)(2) of this section by
providing information described in the application, NOFA, and/or supplemental
information, as may be requested by the CDFI Fund. For an Applicant seeking
eligibility under paragraph (a)(1) of this section, the CDFI Fund will verify
that the Applicant is a Certified CDFI during the application eligibility
review.

 Subpart C Eligible Purposes Eligible Activities Restrictions

 ]&thinsp;1807.300

 Eligible purposes.



 Each Recipient must use its CMF Award for the eligible activities described in
]&thinsp;1807.301 so long as such eligible activities increase private capital
for and increase investment in:



 (a) Development, Preservation, Rehabilitation, and/or Purchase of Affordable
Housing for primarily Extremely Low-Income, Very Low-Income, and Low-Income
Families; and/or



 (b) Economic Development Activities.



 (1) Economic Development Activity must support Affordable Housing;



 (2) The Recipient may undertake Economic Development Activity In Conjunction
With Affordable Housing Activities that are undertaken by parties other than the
Recipient;



 (3) If the Recipient uses its CMF Award to fund an Economic Development
Activity In Conjunction With Affordable Housing Activity, it must track the
resulting Affordable Housing, as set forth in subpart D of this part, to the
extent the Affordable Housing was financed by the CMF Award. For the purposes of
meeting the 10-year affordability period requirement, Recipients are not
required to track Affordable Housing that was financed by sources other than the
CMF Award.

 ]&thinsp;1807.301

 Eligible activities.



 The Recipient must use its CMF Award to finance and support Affordable Housing
Activities and/or Economic Development Activities through the following eligible
activities:



 (a) To capitalize Loan Loss Reserves;



 (b) To capitalize a Revolving Loan Fund;



 (c) To capitalize an Affordable Housing Fund;



 (d) To capitalize a fund to support Economic Development Activities;



 (e) To make Risk-Sharing Loans; and



 (f) To provide Loan Guarantees.

 ]&thinsp;1807.302

 Restrictions on use of CMF Award.



 (a) The Recipient may not use its CMF Award for the following:



 (1) Political activities;



 (2) Advocacy;



 (3) Lobbying, whether directly or through other parties;



 (4) Counseling services (including homebuyer or financial counseling);



 (5) Travel expenses;



 (6) Preparing or providing advice on tax returns;



 (7) Emergency shelters (including shelters for disaster victims);



 (8) Nursing homes;



 (9) Convalescent homes;



 (10) Residential treatment facilities;



 (11) Correctional facilities; or



 (12) Student dormitories.



 (b) The Recipient shall not use the CMF Award to finance or support Projects
that include:



 (1) The operation of any private or commercial golf course, country club,
massage parlor, hot tub facility, suntan facility, racetrack or other facility
used for gambling, or any store the principal business of which is the sale of
alcoholic beverages for consumption off premises; or



 (2) Farming activities (within the meaning of Internal Revenue Code (IRC)
section 2032A(e)(5)(A) or (B)), if, as of the close of the taxable year of the
taxpayer conducting such trade or business, the sum of the aggregate unadjusted
bases (or, if greater, the fair market value) of the assets owned by the
taxpayer that are used in such a trade or business, and the aggregate value of
the assets leased by the taxpayer that are used in such a trade or business,
exceeds $500,000.



 (c) In any given application round, no more than 30 percent of a CMF Award may
be used for Economic Development Activities.



 (d) Any Recipient that uses its CMF Award for a Loan Guarantee or Loan Loss
Reserves must ensure the underlying loan(s) are made to support Affordable
Housing Activities and Economic Development Activities. The Affordable Housing
resulting from the Recipient's Loan Guarantee or Loan Loss Reserve shall be
tracked for 10 years, as set forth in subpart D of this part.



 (e) If loans that are made pursuant to a Loan Guarantee or Loan Loss Reserves
are repaid during the Investment Period, the Recipient must use the repaid funds
for Loan Guarantees or Loan Loss Reserves targeted to the income population
(Extremely Low-Income, Very Low-Income, Low-Income) set forth in the Recipient's
Assistance Agreement, for the duration of the Investment Period.



 (f) The Recipient may not use more than five (5) percent of its CMF Award for
Direct Administrative Expenses.

 ]&thinsp;1807.303

 Authorized uses of Program Income.



 (a) Program Income earned in the form of principal and equity repayments must
be used by the Recipient for the approved, eligible CMF Award uses as further
set forth in the Assistance Agreement for the duration of the Investment Period.




 (b) Program Income earned in the form of interest payments, and all other forms
of Program Income (except for that which is earned as described in paragraph (a)
of this section, must be used by the Recipient as set forth in the Assistance
Agreement and in accordance with 2 CFR part 1000.

 Subpart D Qualification As Affordable Housing

 ]&thinsp;1807.400

 Affordable Housing--general.



 Each Recipient that uses its CMF Award for Affordable Housing Activities must
ensure that 100 percent of Eligible Project Costs are attributable to Affordable
Housing; meaning, that they comply with the affordability qualifications set
forth in this subpart for Eligible-Income Families. Further, as a subset of said
100 percent, greater than 50 percent of the Eligible Project Costs must be
attributable to Affordable Housing that comply with the affordability
qualifications set forth in this subpart for Low-Income, Very Low-Income, or
Extremely Low-Income Families, or as further set forth in the applicable NOFA
and/or Assistance Agreement.

 ]&thinsp;1807.401

 Affordable Housing--Rental Housing.



 To qualify as Affordable Housing, each rental Multi-family housing Project
financed with CMF Award must have at least 20 percent of the units occupied by
any combination of Low-Income, Very Low-Income, or Extremely Low-Income Families
and must comply with the rent limits set forth herein. However, the CDFI Fund
may require a greater percentage of the units per Project to be income-targeted
and/or require a specific targeted income commitment in any given application
round, as set forth in the NOFA and Assistance Agreement for that application
round.



 (a) Rent limitation. The gross rent limits for Affordable Housing are
determined under the provisions in IRC section 42(g)(2). In this determination,
if this part imposes an income restriction on a unit that is greater than 60
percent of area median income, adjusted for Family size, then the provisions of
IRC section 42(g)(2) are applied as if that income restriction on the unit
satisfied IRC section 42(g)(1). The maximum rent is a rent that does not exceed:




 (1) For an Eligible-Income Family, 30 percent of the annual income of a Family
whose annual income equals 120 percent of the area median income, with
adjustments for number of bedrooms in the unit, as set forth in IRC section
42(g)(2).



 (2) For a Low-Income Family, 30 percent of the annual income of a Family whose
annual income equals 80 percent of the area median income, with adjustments for
number of bedrooms in the unit, as set forth in IRC section 42(g)(2). If the
unit or tenant receives Federal or State rental subsidy, and the Family pays as
a contribution towards rent not more than 30 percent of the Family's income, the
maximum rent (i.e., tenant contribution plus rental subsidy) is the rent
allowable under the Federal or State rental subsidy program;



 (3) For a Very Low-Income Family, 30 percent of the annual income of a Family
whose annual income equals 50 percent of the area median income, with
adjustments for number of bedrooms in the unit as described in paragraph (a) of
this section. If the unit or tenant receives Federal or State rental subsidy,
and the Family pays as a contribution towards rent not more than 30 percent of
the Family's income, the maximum rent (i.e., tenant contribution plus rental
subsidy) is the rent allowable under the Federal or State rental subsidy
program; or



 (4) For an Extremely Low-Income Family, 30 percent of the annual income of a
Family whose annual income equals 30 percent of the area median income, with
adjustments for number of bedrooms in the unit as described in paragraph (a) of
this section. If the unit or tenant receives Federal or State rental subsidy,
and the Family pays as a contribution toward rent not more than 30 percent of
the Family's income, the maximum rent (i.e., tenant contribution plus rental
subsidy) is the rent allowable under the Federal or State rental subsidy
program.



 (b) Nondiscrimination against rental assistance subsidy holders. The Recipient
shall require that the owner of a rental unit cannot refuse to lease the unit to
a Section 8 Program certificate or voucher holder (24 CFR part 982, Section 8
Tenant-Based Assistance: Unified Rule for Tenant-Based Assistance under the
Section 8 Rental Certificate Program and the Section 8 Rental Voucher Program)
or to the holder of a comparable document evidencing participation in a HOME
tenant-based rental assistance program because of the status of the prospective
tenant as a holder of such certificate, voucher, or comparable HOME tenant-based
assistance document.



 (c) Initial rent schedule and utility allowances. The Recipient shall ensure
that utility allowances and submetering rules are consistent with regulations
concerning utility allowances and submetering in buildings that are subject to
gross rent restrictions under IRC section 42(g)(2).



 (d) Periods of affordability. Housing under this section must meet the
affordability requirements for not less than 10 years, beginning after Project
Completion and at initial occupancy. The affordability requirements apply
without regard to the term of any loan or mortgage or the transfer of ownership
and must be imposed by deed restrictions, covenants running with the land, or
other recordable mechanisms. Other recordable mechanisms must be approved in
writing and in advance by the CDFI Fund. The affordability restrictions may
terminate upon foreclosure or transfer in lieu of foreclosure. However, the
affordability restrictions shall be revived according to the original terms if,
during the original affordability period, the owner of record before the
foreclosure, or deed in lieu of foreclosure, or any entity that includes the
former owner or those with whom the former owner has or had family or business
ties, obtains an ownership interest in the Project.



 (e) Subsequent rents during the affordability period. Any increase in rent for
a CMF-financed unit requires that tenants of those units be given at least 30
days prior written notice before the implementation of the rent increase.
Regardless of changes in annual rents and in median income over time, the CMF
rents for a Project are not required to be lower than the CMF rent limits for
the Project in effect at the time when the Project is Committed for use.



 (f) Tenant income determination. (1) Each year during the period of
affordability, the tenant's income shall be re-examined; tenant income
examination and verification is ultimately the responsibility of the Recipient.
Annual income shall include income from all household members. The Recipient
must require the Project owner to obtain information on rents and occupancy of
Affordable Housing financed or assisted with a CMF Award in order to demonstrate
compliance with this section.



 (2) One of the following two definitions of "annual income" must be used to
determine whether a Family is income-eligible:



 (i) Adjusted gross income as defined for purposes of reporting under Internal
Revenue Service (IRS) Form 1040 series for individual Federal annual income tax
purposes; or



 (ii) "Annual Income" as defined at 24 CFR 5.609 (except that when determining
the income of a homeowner for an owner-occupied Rehabilitation Project, the
value of the homeowner's principal residence may be excluded from the
calculation of Net Family Assets, as defined in 24 CFR 5.603).



 (3) Although either of the above two definitions of "annual income" is
permitted, in order to calculate adjusted income, exclusions from income set
forth at 24 CFR 5.611 shall be applied.



 (4) The CDFI Fund reserves the right to deem certain government programs, under
which a Low-Income Family is a recipient, as income eligible for purposes of
meeting the tenant income requirements under this section.



 (g) Over-income tenants. (1) CMF-financed or assisted units continue to qualify
as Affordable Housing despite a temporary noncompliance caused by increases in
the incomes of existing tenants if actions satisfactory to the CDFI Fund are
being taken to ensure that all vacancies are filled in accordance with this
section until the noncompliance is corrected.



 (2) Tenants whose incomes no longer qualify must pay rent no greater than the
lesser of the amount payable by the tenant under State or local law or 30
percent of the Family's annual income, except if the gross rent of a unit is
subject to the restrictions in IRC section 42(g)(2) or the restrictions in an
extended low-income housing commitment under IRC section 42(h)(6), then the
tenants of that unit must pay rent governed by those restrictions. Tenants who
no longer qualify as Eligible-Income are not required to pay rent in excess of
the market rent for comparable, unassisted units in the neighborhood.



 (3) If the income of a tenant of a CMF-financed or assisted unit no longer
qualifies, the Recipient may designate another unit, within the CMF-financed or
assisted Project, as a replacement unit that meets the affordability
qualifications for the same income category as the original unit, as further set
forth in the Recipient's Assistance Agreement. If there is not an available
replacement unit, the Recipient must fill the first available vacancy with a
tenant that meets the affordability qualifications for the same income category
of the original unit as necessary to maintain compliance with the CMF
requirements and the Assistance Agreement.

 ]&thinsp;1807.402

 Affordable Housing--Homeownership.



 (a) Purchase with or without Rehabilitation. A Recipient that uses the CMF
Award for the eligible activities set forth in ]&thinsp;1807.301 for Purchase
must ensure the purchasing Family and Housing meets the affordability
requirements of this subpart.



 (1) The Housing must be Single-family housing.



 (2) The Single-family housing price does not exceed 95 percent of the median
purchase price for the area as used in the HOME Program and as determined by HUD
and the applicable Participating Jurisdiction.



 (3) The Single-family housing must be purchased by a qualifying Family as set
forth in ]&thinsp;1807.400. The Single-family housing must be the principal
residence of the Family throughout the period described in paragraph (a)(4) of
this section.



 (4) Periods of affordability. Single-family housing under this section must
meet the affordability requirements for at least 10 years at the time of
purchase by the Family.



 (5) Resale. To ensure that CMF Awards are being used for qualifying Families
for the entire 10-year affordability period, recoupment and redeployment or
resale strategies must be imposed by the Recipient. A recoupment strategy must
ensure that, in the event the qualifying homeowner sells the Housing before the
end of the 10-year affordability period and the new homeowner does not meet the
affordability qualifications set forth in ]&thinsp;1807.400, an amount equal to
the amount of the CMF Award investment in the Housing, whether recouped or not,
is used to finance additional Affordable Housing Activities for a qualifying
Family in the same income category for Affordable Housing Homeownership in the
manner set forth in this section, except that the Housing must meet the
affordability requirements only for the remaining duration of the affordability
period. The Recipient may design and implement its own recoupment strategy. Deed
restrictions, covenants running with the land, or other similar mechanisms may
be used as the mechanism to impose a resale strategy. The Recipient shall report
to the CDFI Fund the event of resale and/or recoupment and redeployment of the
CMF Award, or an equivalent amount, in the manner described in the Assistance
Agreement. The affordability restrictions may terminate upon occurrence of any
of the following termination events: Foreclosure, transfer in lieu of
foreclosure, or assignment of an FHA-insured mortgage to HUD. The Recipient may
use purchase options, rights of first refusal or other preemptive rights to
purchase the Housing before foreclosure to preserve affordability. The
affordability restrictions shall be revived according to the original terms if,
during the original affordability period, the owner of record before the
termination event, obtains an ownership interest in the Housing. If there is a
sale of Single-family housing funded by a CMF Award prior to the completion of
the 10-year affordability period, the Recipient must demonstrate that it placed
into service Single-family housing targeting the same income population (i.e.,
Extremely Low-Income, Very Low-Income, Low-Income) as the original Single-family
housing, as set forth in the Assistance Agreement, financed with an equivalent
amount to the recouped portion of the CMF Award, that will be tracked for the
duration of the affordability period of the original Single-family housing.



 (b) Rehabilitation not involving Purchase. Single-family housing that is
currently owned by a qualifying Family, as set forth in ]&thinsp;1807.400,
qualifies as Affordable Housing if it meets the requirements of this paragraph
(b).



 (1) The estimated value of the Single-family housing, after Rehabilitation,
does not exceed 95 percent of the median purchase price for the area, as used in
the HOME Program and as determined by the applicable Participating Jurisdiction;
or



 (2) The Single-family housing is the principal residence of a qualifying Family
as set forth in ]&thinsp;1807.400, at the time that the CMF Award is Committed
to the Single-family housing.



 (3) Single-family housing under this paragraph (b) must meet the affordability
requirements for at least 10 years after Rehabilitation is completed or meet the
resale provisions of paragraph (a)(5) of this section.



 (c) Ownership interest. The ownership in the Single-family housing assisted
under this section must meet the definition of Homeownership as defined in
]&thinsp;1807.104.



 (d) New construction without Purchase. Newly constructed Single-family housing
that is built on property currently owned by a Family that will occupy the
Single-family housing upon completion, qualifies as Affordable Housing if it
meets the requirements under paragraph (a) of this section.



 (e) Converting rental units to Homeownership units for existing tenants.
CMF-financed rental units may be converted to Homeownership units by selling,
donating, or otherwise conveying the units to the existing tenants to enable the
tenants to become homeowners in accordance with the requirements of this
section. The Homeownership units are subject to a minimum period of
affordability equal to the remaining affordability period.

 Subpart E Leveraged Costs Eligible Project Costs Commitment Requirements

 ]&thinsp;1807.500

 Leveraged Costs; Eligible Project Costs.



 (a) Each CMF Award must result in Eligible Project Costs in an amount that
equals at least 10 times the amount of the CMF Award or some higher standard
established by the CDFI Fund in the Recipient's Assistance Agreement. Such
Eligible Project Costs must be for Affordable Housing Activities and Economic
Development Activities, as set forth in the Assistance Agreement.



 (b) Leveraged Costs. (1) The applicable NOFA and/or the Assistance Agreement
may set forth a required percentage of Leveraged Costs that must be funded by
non-governmental sources.



 (2) The Recipient must report to the CDFI Fund all Leveraged Costs, with the
following limitations:



 (i) No costs attributable to prohibited uses as set forth in
]&thinsp;1807.302(a) and (b) may be reported as Leveraged Costs;



 (ii) All Leveraged Costs attributable to Affordable Housing Activities must be
for Affordable Housing, as set forth in ]&thinsp;1807.401 or ]&thinsp;1807.402,
and as further described in the Assistance Agreement;



 (iii) All eligible Leveraged Costs attributable to Economic Development
Activities shall be described in the Assistance Agreement.



 (c) Recipients must report Leveraged Costs information through forms or
electronic systems provided by the CDFI Fund. Consequently, Recipients must
maintain appropriate documentation, such as audited financial statements, wire
transfers documents, pro-formas, and other relevant records, to support such
reports.

 ]&thinsp;1807.501

 Commitments; Payments.



 (a) The CMF Award must be Committed by the Recipient for use by the date
designated in its Assistance Agreement.



 (b) The Recipient must evidence such commitment with a written, legally binding
agreement to provide CMF Award proceeds to the qualifying Family, developer or
project sponsor for a Project whose:



 (1) Construction can reasonably be expected to start within 12 months of the
commitment agreement date;



 (2) Property title will be transferred within 6 months of the commitment
agreement date; or



 (3) Construction schedule ensures Project Completion within 5 years of a date
specified in the Assistance Agreement.



 (c) The CDFI Fund will make Payment of CMF Award based on a deployment schedule
contained in the CMF Award application, in addition to any other documentation
and/or forms that the CDFI Fund may require.



 (d) Upon receipt of CMF Award, the Recipient must make an initial disbursement
of said CMF Award by the date designated in its Assistance Agreement. The CDFI
Fund may make Payment of CMF Award in a lump sum or other manner, as determined
appropriate by the CDFI Fund. The CDFI Fund will not provide any Payment until
the Recipient has satisfied all conditions set forth in the applicable NOFA and
Assistance Agreement.

 ]&thinsp;1807.502

 CMF Award limits.



 An eligible Applicant and its Subsidiaries and Affiliates may not be awarded
more than 15 percent of the aggregate funds available for CMF Awards during any
year.

 ]&thinsp;1807.503

 Project Completion; Property standards.



 (a) Upon Project Completion, the Project must be placed into service by the
date designated in the Assistance Agreement. Project Completion occurs, as
determined by the CDFI Fund, when:



 (1) All necessary title transfer requirements and construction work have been
performed;



 (2) The property standards of paragraph (b) of this section have been met; and



 (3) The final drawdown of the CMF Award has been made to the project sponsor or
developer;



 (4) When a CMF Award is used for Preservation, Project Completion occurs when
the refinance and/or Rehabilitation is completed in addition to the requirements
set forth in this paragraph (a).



 (b) By the Project Completion date, the Project must meet the requirements of
this part, including the following property standards (which must be met for a
period of at least 10 years after the Project Completion date):



 (1) Projects that are constructed or Rehabilitated with a CMF Award must meet
all applicable State and local codes, Rehabilitation standards, ordinances, and
zoning requirements at the time of Project Completion or, in the absence of a
State or local building code, the International Residential Code or
International Building Code (as applicable) of the International Code Council.



 (2) In addition, Projects must meet the following requirements:



 (i) Accessibility. The Project must meet all applicable accessibility
requirements set forth at 24 CFR part 8, which implements section 504 of the
Rehabilitation Act of 1973 (29 U.S.C. 794), and Titles II and III of the
Americans with Disabilities Act (42 U.S.C. 12131-12189) implemented at 28 CFR
parts 35 and 36, as applicable. Multi-family housing, as defined in 24 CFR
100.201, must also meet all applicable design and construction requirements set
forth in 24 CFR 100.205, which implements the Fair Housing Act (42 U.S.C.
3601-3619).



 (ii) Disaster mitigation. The Project must meet all applicable State and local
codes, ordinances, or other disaster mitigation requirements (e.g., earthquake,
hurricanes, flooding, wild fires), or other requirements as the Department of
Housing and Urban Development has established in 24 CFR part 93.



 (iii) Lead-based paint. The Project must meet all applicable lead-based paint
requirements, including those set forth in 24 CFR part 35.



 (3) Rehabilitation standards. In addition, all Rehabilitation that is financed
with a CMF Award must meet the following requirements:



 (i) For rental Housing, if the remaining useful life of one or more major
systems is less than the 10-year period of affordability, the Recipient must
ensure that, at Project Completion, the developer or Project sponsor establishes
a replacement reserve and that monthly payments are made to the reserve that are
adequate to repair or replace the systems as needed. Major systems include:
Structural support; roofing; cladding and weatherproofing (e.g., windows, doors,
siding, gutters); plumbing; electrical; heating, ventilation, and air
conditioning.



 (ii) For Homeownership Single-family housing, the Recipient must ensure that,
at Project Completion, the Housing is decent, safe, sanitary, and in good
repair. The Recipient must ensure that timely corrective and remedial actions
are taken by the Project owner to address identified life threatening
deficiencies.



 (4) Manufactured housing. Construction of all manufactured housing must meet
the Manufactured Home Construction and Safety Standards set forth in 24 CFR part
3280. These standards preempt State and local laws or codes, which are not
identical to the Federal standards for the new construction of manufactured
housing. The installation of all manufactured housing units must comply with
applicable State and local laws or codes. In the absence of such laws or codes,
the installation must comply with the manufacturer's written instructions for
installation of manufactured housing units. Manufactured housing that is
rehabilitated using a CMF Award must meet the requirements set out in paragraph
(b)(1) of this section.

 Subpart F Tracking Funds Uniform Administrative Requirements Nature of Funds

 ]&thinsp;1807.600

 Tracking funds.



 The Recipient shall develop and maintain an internal tracking and reporting
system that ensures that the CMF Award is used in accordance with this part and
the Assistance Agreement.

 ]&thinsp;1807.601

 Uniform Administrative Requirements.



 The Uniform Administrative Requirements apply to all CMF Awards.

 ]&thinsp;1807.602

 Nature of funds.



 CMF Awards are Federal financial assistance with regard to the application of
Federal civil rights laws. CMF Award funds retain their Federal character until
the end of the Investment Period.

 Subpart G Notice of Funds Availability Applications

 ]&thinsp;1807.700

 Notice of funds availability.



 Each Applicant must submit a CMF Award application in accordance with the
applicable Notice of Funds Availability (NOFA) published in the Federal
Register. The NOFA will advise prospective Applicants on how to obtain and
complete an application and will establish deadlines and other requirements. The
NOFA will specify application evaluation factors and any limitations, special
rules, procedures, and restrictions for a particular application round. After
receipt of an application, the CDFI Fund may request clarifying or technical
information on the materials submitted as part of the application.

 Subpart H Evaluation and Selection of Applications

 ]&thinsp;1807.800

 Evaluation and selection--general.



 Each Applicant will be evaluated and selected, at the sole discretion of the
CDFI Fund, to receive a CMF Award based on a review process that will include a
paper or electronic application, and may include an interview(s) and/or site
visit(s), and that is intended to:



 (a) Ensure that Applicants are evaluated on a merit basis and in a fair and
consistent manner;



 (b) Ensure that each Recipient can successfully meet its leveraging goals and
achieve Affordable Housing Activity and Economic Development Activity impacts;



 (c) Ensure that Recipients represent a geographically diverse group of
Applicants serving Metropolitan Areas and Underserved Rural Areas across the
United States that meet criteria of economic distress, which may include:



 (1) The percentage of Low-Income Families or the extent of poverty;



 (2) The rate of unemployment or underemployment;



 (3) The extent of disinvestment;



 (4) Economic Development Activities that target Extremely Low-Income, Very
Low-Income, and Low-Income Families within the Recipient's Service Area; and



 (5) Any other criteria the CDFI Fund shall set forth in the applicable NOFA;
and



 (d) Take into consideration other factors as set forth in the applicable NOFA.

 ]&thinsp;1807.801

 Evaluation of applications.



 (a) Eligibility and completeness. An Applicant will not be eligible to receive
a CMF Award if it fails to meet the eligibility requirements described in
]&thinsp;1807.200 and in the applicable NOFA, or if the Applicant has not
submitted complete application materials. For the purposes of this paragraph
(a), the CDFI Fund reserves the right to request additional information from the
Applicant, if the CDFI Fund deems it appropriate.



 (b) Substantive review. In evaluating and selecting applications to receive
assistance, the CDFI Fund will evaluate the Applicant's likelihood of success in
meeting the factors set forth in the applicable NOFA including, but not limited
to:



 (1) The Applicant's ability to use a CMF Award to generate additional
investments, including private sources of funding;



 (2) The need for affordable housing in the Applicant's Service Area;



 (3) The ability of the Applicant to obligate amounts and undertake activities
in a timely manner; and



 (4) In the case of an Applicant that has previously received assistance under
any CDFI Fund program, the Applicant's level of success in meeting its
performance goals, reporting requirements, and other requirements contained in
the previously negotiated and executed assistance, allocation or award
agreement(s) with the CDFI Fund, any undisbursed balance of assistance, and
compliance with applicable Federal laws.



 (c) The CDFI Fund may consider any other factors that it deems appropriate in
reviewing an application, as set forth in the applicable NOFA, the application
and related guidance materials.



 (d) Consultation with appropriate regulatory agencies. In the case of an
Applicant that is a Federally regulated financial institution, the CDFI Fund may
consult with the Appropriate Federal Banking Agency or Appropriate State Agency
prior to making a final award decision and prior to entering into an Assistance
Agreement.



 (e) Recipient selection. The CDFI Fund will select Recipients based on the
criteria described in paragraph (b) of this section and any other criteria set
forth in this part or the applicable NOFA.

 Subpart I Terms and Conditions of Cmf Award

 ]&thinsp;1807.900

 Assistance agreement.



 (a) Each Applicant that is selected to receive a CMF Award must enter into an
Assistance Agreement with the CDFI Fund. The Assistance Agreement will set forth
certain required terms and conditions for the CMF Award that may include, but
are not limited to, the following:



 (1) The amount of the CMF Award;



 (2) The approved uses of the CMF Award;



 (3) The approved Service Area;



 (4) The time period by which the CMF Award proceeds must be Committed;



 (5) The required documentation to evidence Project Completion; and



 (6) Performance goals that have been established by the CDFI Fund pursuant to
this part, the NOFA, and the Recipient's application.



 (b) The Assistance Agreement shall provide that, in the event of fraud,
mismanagement, noncompliance with the Act or these regulations, or noncompliance
with the terms and conditions of the Assistance Agreement, on the part of the
Recipient, the CDFI Fund, in its discretion, may make a determination to:



 (1) Require changes in the performance goals set forth in the Assistance
Agreement;



 (2) Revoke approval of the Recipient's application;



 (3) Reduce or terminate the CMF Award;



 (4) Require repayment of any CMF Award that have been paid to the Recipient;



 (5) Bar the Recipient from applying for any assistance from the CDFI Fund; or



 (6) Take such other actions as the CDFI Fund deems appropriate or as set forth
in the Assistance Agreement.



 (c) Prior to making a determination that the Recipient has failed to comply
substantially with the Act or these regulations or an Assistance Agreement, the
CDFI Fund shall provide the Recipient with reasonable notice and opportunity for
hearing.

 ]&thinsp;1807.901

 Payment of funds.



 CMF Awards provided pursuant to this part may be provided in a lump sum payment
or in some other manner, as determined appropriate by the CDFI Fund. The CDFI
Fund shall not provide any Payment under this part until a Recipient has
satisfied all conditions set forth in the applicable NOFA and Assistance
Agreement.

 ]&thinsp;1807.902

 Data collection and reporting.



 (a) Data; General. The Recipient must maintain such records as may be
prescribed by the CDFI Fund that are necessary to:



 (1) Disclose the manner in which the CMF Award is used, including providing
documentation to demonstrate Project Completion;



 (2) Demonstrate compliance with the requirements of this part and the
Assistance Agreement; and



 (3) Evaluate the impact of the CMF Award.



 (b) Customer profiles. The Recipient must compile such data on the gender,
race, ethnicity, national origin, or other information on individuals that are
benefiting from the CMF Award, as the CDFI Fund shall prescribe in the
Assistance Agreement. Such data will be used to determine whether residents of
the Recipient's Service Area are adequately served and to evaluate the impact of
the CMF Award.



 (c) Access to records. The Recipient must submit such financial and activity
reports, records, statements, and documents at such times, in such forms, and
accompanied by such reporting data, as required by the CDFI Fund or the U.S.
Department of the Treasury to ensure compliance with the requirements of this
part and to evaluate the impact of the CMF Award. The United States Government,
including the U.S. Department of the Treasury, the Comptroller General, and
their duly authorized representatives, shall have full and free access to the
Recipient's offices and facilities and all books, documents, records, and
financial statements relating to use of Federal funds and may copy such
documents as they deem appropriate and audit or provide for an audit at least
annually. The CDFI Fund, if it deems appropriate, may prescribe access to record
requirements for entities that receive a CMF Award from the Recipient.



 (d) Retention of records. The Recipient shall comply with all applicable record
retention requirements set forth in the Uniform Administrative Requirements (as
applicable) and the Assistance Agreement.



 (e) Data collection and reporting--(1) Financial reporting, (i) All Nonprofit
Organization Recipients that are required to have their financial statements
audited pursuant to the Uniform Administrative Requirements, must submit their
single-audits by a time set forth in the applicable NOFA or Assistance
Agreement. Nonprofit Organization Recipients (excluding Insured CDFIs and
State-Insured Credit Unions) that are not required to have financial statements
audited pursuant to the Uniform Administrative Requirements, must submit to the
CDFI Fund a statement signed by the Recipient's authorized representative or
certified public accountant, asserting that the Recipient is not required to
have a single-audit pursuant to the Uniform Administrative Requirements as
indicated in the Assistance Agreement. In such instances, the CDFI Fund may
require additional audits to be performed and/or submitted to the CDFI Fund as
stated in the applicable Notice of Funds Availability and Assistance Agreement.



 (ii) For-profit Recipients (excluding Insured CDFIs and State-Insured Credit
Unions) must submit to the CDFI Fund financial statements audited in conformity
with generally accepted auditing standards as promulgated by the American
Institute of Certified Public Accountants by a time set forth in the applicable
NOFA or Assistance Agreement.



 (iii) Insured CDFIs are not required to submit financial statements to the CDFI
Fund. The CDFI Fund will obtain the necessary information from publicly
available sources. State-Insured Credit Unions must submit to the CDFI Fund
copies of the financial statements that they submit to the Appropriate State
Agency.



 (2) Annual report. (i) The Recipient shall submit a performance and financial
report that shall be specified in the Assistance Agreement (annual report). The
annual report consists of several components which may include, but are not
limited to, a report on performance goals and measures, explanation of any
Recipient noncompliance, and such other information as may be required by the
CDFI Fund. The annual report components shall be specified and described in the
Assistance Agreement.



 (ii) The CDFI Fund will use the annual report to collect data to assess the
Recipient's compliance with its performance goals and the impact of the CMF and
the CDFI industry.



 (iii) The Recipient is responsible for the timely and complete submission of
the annual report, even if all or a portion of the documents actually are
completed by another entity. If such other entities are required to provide
information for the annual report, or such other documentation that the CDFI
Fund might require, the Recipient is responsible for ensuring that the
information is submitted timely and complete. The CDFI Fund reserves the right
to contact such other entities and require that additional information and
documentation be provided.



 (iv) The CDFI Fund's review of the compliance of an Insured CDFI, a Depository
Institution Holding Company or a State-Insured Credit Union with the terms and
conditions of its Assistance Agreement may also include information from the
Appropriate Federal Banking Agency or Appropriate State Agency, as the case may
be.



 (f) Public access. The CDFI Fund shall make reports described in this section
available for public inspection after deleting or redacting any materials
necessary to protect privacy or proprietary interests.

 ]&thinsp;1807.903

 Compliance with government requirements.



 In carrying out its responsibilities pursuant to an Assistance Agreement, the
Recipient shall comply with all applicable Federal, State, and local laws,
regulations, and ordinances, Uniform Administrative Requirements, and Executive
Orders. Furthermore, Recipients must comply with the CDFI Fund's environmental
quality regulations (12 CFR part 1815) as well as all other Federal
environmental requirements applicable to Federal awards.

 ]&thinsp;1807.904

 Lobbying restrictions.



 No CMF Award may be expended by a Recipient to pay any person to influence or
attempt to influence any agency, elected official, officer or employee of a
State or local government in connection with the making, award, extension,
continuation, renewal, amendment, or modification of any State or local
government contract, grant, loan or cooperative agreement as such terms are
defined in 31 U.S.C. 1352.

 ]&thinsp;1807.905

 Criminal provisions.



 The criminal provisions of 18 U.S.C. 657 regarding embezzlement or
misappropriation of funds are applicable to all Recipients and insiders.

 ]&thinsp;1807.906

 CDFI Fund deemed not to control.



 The CDFI Fund shall not be deemed to control a Recipient by reason of any CMF
Award provided under the Act for the purpose of any applicable law.

 ]&thinsp;1807.907

 Limitation on liability.



 The liability of the CDFI Fund and the United States Government arising out of
any CMF Award shall be limited to the amount of the CMF Award. The CDFI Fund
shall be exempt from any assessments and other liabilities that may be imposed
on controlling or principal shareholders by any Federal law or the law of any
State. Nothing in this section shall affect the application of any Federal tax
law.

 ]&thinsp;1807.908

 Fraud, waste and abuse.



 Any person who becomes aware of the existence or apparent existence of fraud,
waste or abuse of a CMF Award should report such incidences to the Office of
Inspector General of the U.S. Department of the Treasury.

 Mary Ann Donovan,

 Director, Community Development Financial Institutions Fund.

 [FR Doc. 2016-02132 Filed 2-3-16; 4:15 pm]

 BILLING CODE 4810-70-P



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: February 8, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             152 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            February 8, 2016 Monday

Capital Magnet Fund

LENGTH: 15576  words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Washington, DC:  This Rule document was issued by the Community Development
Financial Institutions Fund (CDFI)



  Action



 Interim rule with request for public comment.

 Summary



 The Department of the Treasury is issuing an interim rule implementing the
Capital Magnet Fund (CMF), administered by the Community Development Financial
Institutions Fund (CDFI Fund). This interim rule incorporates updates to the
definitions, requirements and parameters for CMF implementation and
administration. In addition, sections of the CMF interim rule regarding certain
definitions and project level requirements are revised in order to facilitate
alignment with other federal housing programs and ease of administration. These
revisions are modeled after the credit requirements for Low Income Housing
Credits (LIHTCs) under section 42 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as
amended, and the program requirements of the HOME Investment Partnership Program
(HOME Program) authorized under Title II of the Cranston-Gonzalez National
Affordable Housing Act, as amended, and the HOME Program final rule published on
July 24, 2013.





 This interim rule also reflects requirements set forth in a final rule, Uniform
Administrative Requirements, Cost Principles and Audit Requirements for Federal
Awards, adopted by the Department of the Treasury on December 19, 2014
(hereafter referred to as the Uniform Administrative Requirements). The Uniform
Administrative Requirements constitute a government-wide framework for grants
management codified by the Office of Management and Budget (OMB), combining
several OMB grants management circulars aimed at reducing the administrative
burden for Recipients, and reducing the risk of waste, fraud and abuse of
Federal financial assistance. The Uniform Administrative Requirements establish
financial, administrative, procurement, and program management standards with
which Federal award-making programs, including those administered by the CDFI
Fund, and Recipients must comply. Accordingly, this interim rule includes
revisions necessary to implement the Uniform Administrative Requirements, as
well as to make certain technical corrections and certain programmatic updates,
as well as provide clarifying language to existing program requirements.

 Dates



 Effective date: February 8, 2016. All comments must be written and must be
received in the offices of the CDFI Fund on or before April 8, 2016. The
compliance date requirements for the collection of information in
]&thinsp;1807.902 is stayed indefinitely, pending Office of Management and
Budget approval and assignment of an OMB control number.

 Addresses



 You may submit comments concerning this interim rule via the Federal
e-Rulemaking Portal at http://www.regulations.gov (please follow the
instructions for submitting comments). All submissions must include the agency
name and Regulatory Information Number (RIN) for this rulemaking. Information
regarding the CDFI Fund and its programs may be obtained through the CDFI Fund's
Web site at http://www.cdfifund.gov.

 For Further Information Contact



 Marcia Sigal, CMF Program Manager, Community Development Financial Institutions
Fund, at cdfihelp@cdfi.treas.gov

 Supplementary Information

 I. Background



 The Capital Magnet Fund (CMF) was established through the Housing and Economic
Recovery Act of 2008 (the Act), Public Law 110-289, section 1131, as a trust
fund, the appropriation to which was used to carry out a competitive grant
program administered by the CDFI Fund. The mission of the CDFI Fund is to
increase economic opportunity and promote community development investments for
underserved populations and in distressed communities in the United States. Its
long term vision is an America in which all people have access to affordable
credit, capital and financial services.



 The Act requires Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac to set aside an amount equal to 4.2
basis points for each dollar of their unpaid principal balances of total new
business purchases to be allocated to the Housing Trust Fund (administered by
the Department of Housing and Urban Development) and the Capital Magnet Fund.
The Act also provides the Federal Housing Finance Agency (FHFA) with the
authority to temporarily suspend these allocations upon certain findings. On
November 13, 2008, the Director of the FHFA temporarily suspended the allocation
of funds. On December 11, 2014, the Director of the FHFA terminated the
temporary suspension of those allocations, directing Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac
to begin setting aside and allocating funds to the Housing Trust Fund and the
Capital Magnet Fund. Accordingly, the CDFI Fund is promulgating this revised
interim rule in anticipation of future Capital Magnet Fund application rounds.



 Through the CMF, the CDFI Fund is authorized to make financial assistance
grants to Certified Community Development Financial Institutions (CDFIs) and
Nonprofit Organizations (if one of their principal purposes is the development
or management of affordable housing). CMF Awards must be used to attract private
financing for and increase investment in: (i) The Development, Preservation,
Rehabilitation, and Purchase of Affordable Housing for primarily Extremely Low-,
Very Low-, and Low-Income Families; and (ii) Economic Development Activities
which, In Conjunction With Affordable Housing Activities will implement a
Concerted Strategy to stabilize or revitalize a Low-Income Area or Underserved
Rural Area.



 All capitalized terms herein are defined in the definitions section of the
interim rule, as set forth in 12 CFR 1807.104.

 II. Comments on the December 3, 2010, Interim Rule



 The comment period for the December 3, 2010, Interim Rule ended on February 1,
2011. The CDFI Fund received one written comment. The commenter asserted that
the December 3, 2010, Interim Rule did not allow market-based Section 8 vouchers
to be used to satisfy CMF affordability requirements and that the interim rule
should make clear that, in the event a tenant or a unit in a Multi-family
housing project receives a Federal or State rental subsidy, the maximum rent
that can be charged is the amount allowable under such program. The commenter
suggested that the interim rule should provide for a rent floor of the project's
initial rents, in the event median incomes decrease. The commenter also
suggested that the rent limitation should be adjusted by the number of bedrooms
in the unit.



 In this revised interim rule (at 12 CFR 1807.401(a) and (e)), the CDFI Fund
incorporates the commenter's suggestions regarding Federal or State rental
subsidy and the creation of a rent floor for projects. The CDFI Fund also adopts
the commenter's suggestion that rent limitations be adjusted by the number of
bedrooms in the unit (12 CFR 1807.401(a)).

 III. Summary of Changes



 Substantive revisions to the interim rule (meaning, revisions other than the
insertion of new language that clarifies existing program requirements) fall
generally into three categories: (i) Adoption of policy priorities, programmatic
changes/clarifications, and technical corrections; (ii) alignment with the
Uniform Administrative Requirements; and (iii) alignment with HOME Program
requirements and with requirements to qualify for LIHTCs.



 Recent efforts supported by the White House Rental Housing Policy Working
Group, which established joint working groups comprised of staff from the U.S.
Department of Housing and Urban Development (HUD), the U.S. Department of
Agriculture (USDA), and the U.S. Department of the Treasury have highlighted the
need for alignment amongst federally subsidized affordable housing program
requirements. The CDFI Fund has determined that Recipients' use of CMF Awards
better aligns with LIHTCs (as opposed to benefits under the HOME Program) in
several key respects, specifically with regard to Project-level requirements.
Thus, this interim rule incorporates some requirements to qualify for LIHTCs and
removes certain requirements that, in the December 10, 2010, CMF Program interim
rule, were modeled after the HOME Program.



 A. Section 1807.101, Summary: "Community Service Facilities" has been stricken
as a stand-alone activity; instead, Community Service Facilities is embedded in
the definition of Economic Development Activities. Per the Uniform
Administrative Requirements, the use of the word "Awardee" is replaced with
"Recipient," and any reference to a CMF grant is replaced with "CMF Award" as
defined in the definitions section, 12 CFR 1807.104.



 B. Section 1807.102, Relationship to other CDFI Programs: The requirement for a
Certified CDFI to be an operating entity for three years prior to the
application deadline has been deleted; instead, this subsection establishes that
restrictions for using CMF Awards in conjunction with other CDFI Program awards
will be set forth in the applicable notices of funds, guarantee, or allocation
availability.



 C. Section 1807.104, Definitions: As noted above, the defined term "Awardee" is
deleted and replaced with the new defined term "Recipient." The term "Applicant"
is now defined. The term "CMF Award" is now defined. The term "Development" is
revised to clarify that any combination of the listed activities that result in
Affordable Housing is "Development." The term "Direct Administrative Expenses"
is now defined. The definition of the term "Economic Development Activity" is
revised by striking "purchase"; the term "acquisition" is used instead. The term
"Effective Date" is now defined. "Eligible Income" is revised to provide
adjustments for Family size. "Eligible Project Costs" is revised to strike
"operations" as an eligible use of CMF Awards. "Extremely Low-Income" is revised
to align with income limits published by HUD, including adjustments for Family
size in the case of Homeownership. The defined term "Family" or "Families" is
revised by removing the income categories to describe the household. The defined
term "Homeownership" is updated and restructured based on HOME Program
regulations. The defined term "Housing" is also revised to reflect HOME Program
regulation updates. The defined term "Housing" is used in several places
throughout the regulations to signify the intent of the defined term. Some of
the structures and facilities excluded from the definition of Housing may meet
the definition of Community Service Facilities. The term "In Conjunction With
Affordable Housing Activities" has been modified in order to be consistent with
standards in other CDFI Fund Programs that fund projects and activities based on
proximity to intended beneficiaries and/or assessment of access to services for
individuals intended to benefit from such programs (e.g., Healthy Foods
Financing Initiative Financial Assistance under the CDFI Program). The term
"Investment Period" is defined in ]&thinsp;1807.104. The term "Leveraged Costs"
is revised to clarify that such costs are limited to Affordable Housing
Activities and Economic Development Activities that exceed the dollar amount of
the CMF Award. "Loan Guarantee" is revised to clarify that a loan that is
guaranteed with the CMF Award must be used for Affordable Housing Activities
and/or Economic Development Activities. "Loan Loss Reserves" is revised to
clarify that cash reserves set aside to cover losses must be for Affordable
Housing Activities and/or Economic Development Activities. The term "Low-Income"
is revised to align with income limits published by HUD, including adjustments
for Family size in the case of Homeownership. In the case of rental Housing,
"Low-Income" is revised to allow for circumstances in which the qualifying
Family occupies a unit that has a Federal or State rental subsidy. The term
"Non-Metropolitan Area" is revised to align with and accommodate the OMB
definition, which is periodically updated. The term "Non-Regulated CDFI" is
deleted because it is not used in the interim rule. The term "Operations" is
deleted in ]&thinsp;1807.104 since it is no longer an eligible activity in
]&thinsp;1807.301; a new term "Direct Administrative Expenses" is defined in
]&thinsp;1807.104. A new term, "Payment" is defined to describe the transmission
of CMF Award dollars from the CDFI Fund to the Recipient. "Preservation" is
revised to specify that refinancing must extend the existing affordability and
use restrictions on the property by a minimum of 10 years or as otherwise
specified in the Assistance Agreement. "Program Income" is defined to align with
the Uniform Administrative Requirements. "Project" is defined to mean the
Affordable Housing Activity and/or Economic Development Activity that is
financed with a CMF Award. The term "Purchase" is revised to clarify that the
purchasing Family and Single-family housing must meet the qualifications set
forth in subparts D and E. "Underserved Rural Area" is restructured and revised
to serve intended populations per the statute and allow the CDFI Fund to set
forth an alternative definition of "Underserved Rural Area" for any given
application round in the applicable NOFA and/or Assistance Agreement. "Uniform
Administrative Requirements" is defined in ]&thinsp;1807.104 to reflect the
Department of the Treasury's codification of the Office of Management and
Budget's government-wide framework for grants management. The definition of the
term "Very Low-Income" is revised to align with income limits published by HUD,
including adjustments for Family size in the case of Homeownership.



 D. Section 1807.107, Applicability of regulations for CMF awards: Section
1807.107 was added to address the applicability of this rule to the FY 2010 CMF
application round and subsequent application rounds. The CDFI Fund has
determined that this rule applies only to those CMF awards made pursuant to
Notices of Funds Availability (NOFAs) published after the effective date of this
interim rule, except for ]&thinsp;1807.902(e)(1)(i) regarding audited financial
statements of Nonprofit Organization Recipients. As indicated at 2 CFR 200.110,
the Uniform Administrative Requirements, subpart F--Audit Requirements applies
to audits of Nonprofits of fiscal years beginning on or after December 26, 2014.




 E. Section 1807.200, Applicant eligibility: In ]&thinsp;1807.200(a)(1), the
eligibility requirement that a certifiable CDFI can apply is deleted because the
CDFI Fund has determined that most Applicants can meet the program's eligibility
requirements by being either a Certified CDFI or a Nonprofit Organization. The
eligibility requirements for a Nonprofit Organization are revised in
]&thinsp;1807.200(a)(2)(iii) to no longer allow an entity to demonstrate its
principal purpose of development or management of affordable housing through its
staffing. Section 1807.200(a)(2)(iii) also states that the applicable Notice of
Funds Availability (NOFA) will indicate the percentage of a Nonprofit
Organization Applicant's assets that must be dedicated to the development or
management of affordable housing. Section 1807.200(b) is also revised to reflect
these eligibility modifications.



 F. Subpart C, Use of Funds/Eligible activities: Section 1807.300 is revised to
clarify that Recipients must use their CMF Awards for the financing-related
eligible activities set forth in ]&thinsp;1807.301 to attract private capital
and increase investment in those activities in ]&thinsp;1807.300(a) and (b).
Revisions to ]&thinsp;1807.300(b) reinforce the requirement that when a
Recipient undertakes Economic Development Activities In Conjunction With
Affordable Housing Activities, the Recipient must track and report on such
Affordable Housing Activities if it was financed with a CMF Award. Sections
1807.300 and 1807.301 are revised by deleting "Community Service Facilities" as
a stand-alone eligible activity; instead, "Community Service Facilities" is
embedded in the definition of Economic Development Activities. As such, this
term is deleted as a technical correction throughout the interim rule, when
appropriate. Sections 1807.301 and 1807.302 are revised to eliminate
"operations" as an eligible activity. The content of former ]&thinsp;1807.302(c)
is now located in ]&thinsp;1807.302(b); the content of ]&thinsp;1807.302(d) is
now located in ]&thinsp;1807.302(c). New ]&thinsp;1807.302(d) and (e) are added
to clarify certain tracking and repayment requirements for Recipients that use
CMF Award for Loan Guarantees or Loan Loss Reserves. Section 1807.302(f) states
that Recipients may not use more than five (5) percent of its CMF Award for
Direct Administrative Expenses. Section 1807.303 is added to address Program
Income requirements.



 G. Subpart D, Qualification as Affordable Housing: Section 1807.400 is revised
to indicate that the CDFI Fund may establish greater commitments for deeper
income targeting attributable to Eligible Project Costs in the applicable NOFA
and/or Assistance Agreement. Section 1807.401 is revised in order to make
general program clarifications and establish certain program requirements, many
of which align with the requirements of the LIHTC Program and the HOME Program.
For example, language was added to ]&thinsp;1807.401 to allow the CDFI Fund to
set forth in the applicable NOFA requirements for successful applicants to serve
targeted incomes that exceed the requirements of ]&thinsp;1807.401. The rent
limitation in ]&thinsp;1807.401(a) is revised to align with requirements to
qualify for LIHTCs and to account for rental subsidies in each of the income
categories. Section 1807.401(c) and (e) are revised to align with requirements
to qualify for LIHTCs. Section 1807.401(f) is revised to align with the HOME
Program regulations' elimination of the U.S. Census long form for annual income
determinations. Thus, the content of the former ]&thinsp;1807.401(f)(2)(i) is
deleted and the content of the former ]&thinsp;1807.401(f)(2)(ii) is now located
in ]&thinsp;1807.401(f)(2)(i). Similarly, the content of the former
]&thinsp;1807.401(f)(2)(iii) has moved up and is now located in
]&thinsp;1807.401(f)(2)(ii). Section 1807.401(g)(2) is revised to clarify rent
restrictions when rent is subject to IRC sections 42(g)(2) and 42(h)(6). Section
1807.401(g)(3) is revised to clarify that any replacement unit must meet the
affordability qualifications for the income category of the unit that is being
replaced. Section 1807.402(a) and (b) are revised by replacing "acquisition"
with "Purchase" to reflect the use of the new defined term. Section
1807.402(a)(5) is revised to clarify that, in the event of resale of
CMF-financed Single-family housing to a non-qualifying family before the 10-year
affordability period ends, the Recipient must use an equivalent amount of the
CMF Award used for the applicable Affordable Housing Activity, whether recouped
or not, to finance additional Affordable Housing Activities for a qualifying
Family in the same income category for Homeownership.



 H. Subpart E, Leveraging and Commitment Requirement: Section 1807.500(b) is
revised to include the Assistance Agreement as a source for the required
percentage of Leveraged Costs that must be funded by non-governmental sources.
Section 1807.500(a)(1) is deleted because "operations" is no longer an eligible
activity and defined term. Accordingly, the former ]&thinsp;1807.500(a)(2) is
now ]&thinsp;1807.500(b)(2) and former ]&thinsp;1807.500(a)(3) is now
]&thinsp;1807.500(b)(2)(ii). Section 1807.500(b)(2)(iii) was added to address
eligible Leveraged Costs for Economic Development Activities. The content of
former ]&thinsp;1807.500(b) is deleted. Section 1807.501(a) is revised and
section 1807.501(b) is added to account for the eligible activity "Purchase" to
a qualifying Family, and ]&thinsp;1807.501(b)(3) is added to provide more
accountability regarding Project Completion. Section 1807.501(c) and (d) are
added to align with the Uniform Administrative Requirements regarding Payments.
Section 1807.503 is revised to include property standards necessary to ensure
that CMF Awards are invested in structures and units that are sound, decent,
safe and sanitary; such standards are largely adopted from the HOME Program and
the requirements to qualify for LIHTCs. Section 1807.503(a)(4) is added to
address Project Completion in the case of Preservation. The content of the
former ]&thinsp;1807.503(b)(2) is now located in ]&thinsp;1807.503(b)(2)(i) and
a new ]&thinsp;1807.503(b)(2)(ii) is added to address disaster mitigation in
regards to Project Completion. Section 1807.503(b)(2)(iii) is added to address
lead-based paint. The content of former ]&thinsp;1807.503(b)(3) is now moved to
]&thinsp;1807.503(b)(4) and incorporates recent HOME Program updates. Thus,
]&thinsp;1807.503(b)(3) contains new content regarding Rehabilitation standards.
The content of former ]&thinsp;1807.503(c) is moved to ]&thinsp;1807.503(a)(3).



 I. Subpart F, Tracking Requirements: Section 1807.601 is renamed and revised to
reflect that the Uniform Administrative Requirements apply to all CMF Awards and
sets forth the CDFI Fund's policy that indirect costs are not allowed. Section
1807.602 also establishes the circumstances in which a CMF Award loses its
so-called "Federal character." Section 1807.602 is also revised to clarify that
CMF Awards are Federal financial assistance for purposes of the applicability of
Federal civil rights laws.



 J. Subpart H, Evaluation and Selection of Applications: In
]&thinsp;1807.800(c)(3) "blight" is deleted as an ambiguous term.



 K. Subpart I, Terms and Conditions of Assistance: Section 1807.900(c) is
revised to clarify statutory requirements regarding notice and hearing. To align
with the Uniform Administrative Requirements, ]&thinsp;1807.901 "Disbursement of
funds" is renamed "Payment of funds" to reflect the transmission of CMF Award
dollars from the CDFI Fund to the Recipient as a "Payment." Section 1807.902(d)
and (e) are revised to accommodate the audit requirements of the Uniform
Administrative Requirements. Pursuant to revised ]&thinsp;1807.902(e)(1),
Nonprofit Organizations that are not required to have their financial statements
audited pursuant to the Uniform Administrative Requirements may still be subject
to additional audit requirements, which will be set forth in the applicable NOFA
and Assistance Agreement. In addition, ]&thinsp;1807.902(e)(2), "Performance
Goal Reporting," is renamed as "Annual Report" and revised to clarify and
require the submission of performance and financial reporting in the form of an
annual report, as further specified in the Assistance Agreement. Section
1807.902(e)(3) is added to clarify the compliance requirements for Insured
CDFIs, Depository Institution Holding Companies, and State-Insured Credit
Unions. Section 1807.902(e)(4) is added to convey that any reports under
]&thinsp;1807.902 may be subject to public inspection per the Freedom of
Information Act. Section 1807.903 is revised to specify that in addition to all
other Federal, state, and local laws, Recipients shall also comply with all
applicable Federal environmental requirements.

 IV. Rulemaking Analysis



 It has been determined that this interim rule is not a significant regulatory
action under Executive Order 12866. Accordingly, a regulatory impact assessment
is not required.



 Because no notice of proposed rulemaking is required under the Administrative
Procedure Act (5 U.S.C 553), or any other law, the Regulatory Flexibility Act
does not apply.



 The collections of information contained in this interim rule will be reviewed
and approved by the Office of Management and Budget (OMB) in accordance with the
Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995 and assigned the applicable, approved OMB
Control Numbers associated with the CDFI Fund under 1559-XXXX. An agency may not
conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of
information unless it displays a valid control number assigned by OMB. This
document restates the collections of information without substantive change.



 This interim rule has been reviewed in accordance with the CDFI Fund's
environmental quality regulations (12 CFR part 1815), promulgated pursuant to
the National Environmental Protection Act of 1969 (NEPA), which requires that
the CDFI Fund adequately consider the cumulative impact proposed activities have
upon the human environment. It is the determination of the CDFI Fund that the
interim rule does not constitute a major federal action significantly affecting
the quality of the human environment and, in accordance with the NEPA and the
CDFI Fund's environmental quality regulations (12 CFR part 1815), neither an
Environmental Assessment nor an Environmental Impact Statement is required.



 Because the revisions to this interim rule relate to loans and grants, notice
and public procedure and a delayed effective date are not required pursuant to
the Administrative Procedure Act, 5 U.S.C. 553(a)(2).



 Public comment is solicited on all aspects of this interim rule. The CDFI Fund
will consider all comments made on the substance of this interim rule, but it
does not intend to hold hearings.



 Capital Magnet Fund--21.011.

 List of Subjects in 12 CFR Part 1807



 Community development, Grant programs--housing and community development,
Reporting and record keeping requirements.



 For the reasons set forth in the preamble, 12 CFR part 1807 is revised to read
as follows:

 Regulatory Text

 Part 1807 Capital Magnet Fund

 Subpart a General Provisions

 Sec.

 1807.100

 Purpose.

 1807.101

 Summary.

 1807.102

 Relationship to other CDFI Fund programs.

 1807.103

 Recipient not instrumentality.

 1807.104

 Definitions.

 1807.105

 Waiver authority.

 1807.106

 OMB control number.

 1807.107

 Applicability of regulations for CMF Awards.

 Subpart B Eligibility

 1807.200

 Applicant eligibility.

 Subpart C Eligible Purposes Eligible Activities Restrictions

 1807.300

 Eligible purposes.

 1807.301

 Eligible activities.

 1807.302

 Restrictions on use of CMF Award.

 1807.303

 Authorized uses of Program Income.

 Subpart D Qualification As Affordable Housing

 1807.400

 Affordable Housing--general.

 1807.401

 Affordable Housing--Rental Housing.

 1807.402

 Affordable Housing--Homeownership.

 Subpart E Leveraged Costs Eligible Project Costs Commitment Requirements

 1807.500

 Leveraged Costs; Eligible Project Costs.

 1807.501

 Commitments; Payments.

 1807.502

 CMF Award limits.

 1807.503

 Projection Completion; Property standards.

 Subpart F Tracking Funds Uniform Administrative Requirements Nature of Funds

 1807.600

 Tracking funds.

 1807.601

 Uniform Administrative Requirements.

 1807.602

 Nature of funds.

 Subpart G Notice of Funds Availability Applications

 1807.700

 Notice of funds availability.

 Subpart H Evaluation and Selection of Applications

 1807.800

 Evaluation and selection--general.

 1807.801

 Evaluation of applications.

 Subpart I Terms and Conditions of Cmf Award

 1807.900

 Assistance agreement.

 1807.901

 Payment of funds.

 1807.902

 Data collection and reporting.

 1807.903

 Compliance with government requirements.

 1807.904

 Lobbying restrictions.

 1807.905

 Criminal provisions.

 1807.906

 CDFI Fund deemed not to control.

 1807.907

 Limitation on liability.

 1807.908

 Fraud, waste and abuse.

 Authority



 12 U.S.C. 4569.

 Subpart a General Provisions

 ]&thinsp;1807.100

 Purpose.



 The purpose of the Capital Magnet Fund (CMF) is to attract private capital for
and increase investment in Affordable Housing Activities and related Economic
Development Activities.

 ]&thinsp;1807.101

 Summary.



 (a) Through the CMF, the CDFI Fund competitively awards grants to CDFIs and
qualified Nonprofit Organizations to leverage dollars for:



 (1) The Development, Preservation, Rehabilitation or Purchase of Affordable
Housing primarily for Low-Income Families; and



 (2) Financing Economic Development Activities.



 (b) The CDFI Fund will select Recipients to receive CMF Awards through a
merit-based, competitive application process. CMF Awards may only be used for
eligible uses set forth in subpart C of this part. Each Recipient will enter
into an Assistance Agreement that will require it to leverage the CMF Award
amount and abide by other terms and conditions pertinent to any assistance
received under this part.

 ]&thinsp;1807.102

 Relationship to other CDFI Fund programs.



 Restrictions on applying for, receiving, and using CMF Awards in conjunction
with awards under other programs administered by the CDFI Fund (including, but
not limited to, the Bank Enterprise Award Program, the CDFI Program, the CDFI
Bond Guarantee Program, the Native American CDFI Assistance (NACA) Program, and
the New Markets Tax Credit Program) are as set forth in the applicable Notice of
Funds Availability, Notice of Guarantee Availability, or Notice of Allocation
Availability.

 ]&thinsp;1807.103

 Recipient not instrumentality.



 No Recipient shall be deemed to be an agency, department, or instrumentality of
the United States.

 ]&thinsp;1807.104

 Definitions.



 For the purpose of this part:



 Act means the Housing and Economic Recovery Act of 2008, as amended, Public Law
110-289, section 1131;



 Affiliate means any entity that Controls, is Controlled by, or is under common
Control with, an entity;



 Affordable Housing means housing that meets the requirements set forth in
subpart D of this part;



 Affordable Housing Activities means the Development, Preservation,
Rehabilitation, and/or Purchase of Affordable Housing;



 Affordable Housing Fund means a revolving loan, grant or investment fund that
is:



 (1) Managed by the Recipient; and



 (2) Uses its capital to finance Affordable Housing Activities;



 Applicant means any entity submitting an application for a CMF Award;



 Appropriate Federal Banking Agency has the same meaning as in section 3 of the
Federal Deposit Insurance Act, 12 U.S.C. 1813(q), and includes, with respect to
Insured Credit Unions, the National Credit Union Administration;



 Appropriate State Agency means an agency or instrumentality of a State that
regulates and/or insures the member accounts of a State-Insured Credit Union;



 Assistance Agreement means a formal, written agreement between the CDFI Fund
and a Recipient, which agreement specifies the terms and conditions of
assistance under this part;



 Capital Magnet Fund (or CMF) means the program authorized by the Act and
implemented under this part;



 CMF Award means the financial assistance in the form of a grant made by the
CDFI Fund to a Recipient pursuant to this part;



 Certified Community Development Financial Institution (or Certified CDFI) means
an entity that has been determined by the CDFI Fund to meet the certification
requirements set forth in 12 CFR 1805.201;



 Committed means that the Recipient is able to demonstrate, in written form and
substance that is acceptable to the CDFI Fund, a commitment for use of CMF
Award, as set forth in ]&thinsp;1807.501;



 Community Development Financial Institutions Fund (or CDFI Fund) means the
Community Development Financial Institutions Fund, the U.S. Department of the
Treasury, established pursuant to the Community Development Banking and
Financial Institutions Act of 1994, as amended, 12 U.S.C. 4701 et seq.;



 Community Service Facility means the physical structure in which service
programs for residents or service programs for the broader community (including,
but not limited to, health care, childcare, educational programs including
literacy and after school programs, job training, food and nutrition services,
cultural programs, and/or social services) operate that, In Conjunction With
Affordable Housing Activities, implements a Concerted Strategy to stabilize or
revitalize a Low-Income Area or Underserved Rural Area;



 Concerted Strategy means a formal planning document that evidences the
connection between Affordable Housing Activities and Economic Development
Activities. Such documents include, but are not limited to, a comprehensive,
consolidated, or redevelopment plan, or some other local or regional planning
document adopted or approved by the jurisdiction;



 Control means:



 (1) Ownership, control, or power to vote 25 percent or more of the outstanding
shares of any class of Voting Securities of any company, directly or indirectly
or acting through one or more other persons;



 (2) Control in any manner over the election of a majority of the directors,
trustees, or general partners (or individuals exercising similar functions) of
any company; or



 (3) The power to exercise, directly or indirectly, a controlling influence over
the management, credit or investment decisions, or policies of any company;



 Depository Institution Holding Company means a bank holding company or a
savings and loan holding company as each are defined in the Federal Deposit
Insurance Act, 12 U.S.C. 1813(w);



 Development means any combination of the following Project activities: Land
acquisition, demolition of existing facilities, and construction of new
facilities, which may include site improvement, utilities development and
rehabilitation of utilities, necessary infrastructure, utility services,
conversion, and other related activities resulting in Affordable Housing;



 Direct Administrative Expenses means direct costs incurred by the Recipient,
related to the financing of the Project as described in 2 CFR 200.413 of the
Uniform Administrative Requirements;



 Economic Development Activity means the development, preservation, acquisition
and/or rehabilitation of Community Service Facilities and/or other physical
structures in which neighborhood-based businesses operate which, In Conjunction
With Affordable Housing Activities, implements a Concerted Strategy to stabilize
or revitalize a Low-Income Area or Underserved Rural Area;



 Effective Date means the date that the Assistance Agreement is effective; such
date is determined by the CDFI Fund after the Recipient has returned an
executed, original Assistance Agreement, along with all required supporting
documentation, including the opinion of counsel, if required;



 Eligible-Income means:



 (1) Having, in the case of owner-occupied Housing units, annual income not in
excess of 120 percent of the area median income adjusted for Family size in the
same manner as HUD makes these adjustments for its other published income
limits; and



 (2) Having, in the case of rental Housing units, annual income not in excess of
120 percent of the area median income, adjusted for Family size in the same
manner as HUD makes these adjustments for its published income limits;



 Eligible Project Costs means Leveraged Costs plus those costs funded directly
by a CMF Award;



 Extremely Low-Income means:



 (1) Having, in the case of owner-occupied Housing units, income not in excess
of 30 percent of the area median income, adjusted for Family size, as determined
by HUD, except that HUD may establish income ceilings higher or lower than 30
percent of the median for the area on the basis of HUD findings that such
variations are necessary because of prevailing levels of construction costs or
fair market rents, or unusually high or low Family incomes and



 (2) Having, in the case of rental Housing units, income not in excess of 30
percent of the area median income, adjusted for Family size, as determined by
HUD, except that HUD may establish income ceilings higher or lower than 30
percent of the median for the area on the basis of HUD findings that such
variations are necessary because of prevailing levels of construction costs or
fair market rents, or unusually high or low Family incomes;



 Family or Families means households that reside within the boundaries of the
United Sates (which shall encompass any State of the United States, the District
of Columbia or any territory of the United States, including Puerto Rico, Guam,
American Samoa, the U. S. Virgin Islands, and the Northern Mariana Islands);



 HOME Program means the HOME Investment Partnership Program established by the
HOME Investment Partnerships Act under title II of the Cranston-Gonzalez
National Affordable Housing Act, as amended, 42 U.S.C. 12701 et seq.;



 Homeownership means ownership in fee simple title interest in one- to four-unit
Housing or in a condominium unit, or equivalent form of ownership approved by
the CDFI Fund. The Recipient must determine whether ownership or membership in a
cooperative or mutual housing project constitutes Homeownership under State law.
The ownership interest is subject to the following additional requirements:



 (1) Except as otherwise provided in paragraphs (1)(i), (ii), and (iii) of this
definition, the land may be owned in fee simple or the homeowner may have a
99-year ground lease;



 (i) For Housing located on Indian trust or restricted Indian lands, the ground
lease must be for 50 years or more;



 (ii) For Housing located in Guam, the Northern Mariana Islands, the U. S.
Virgin Islands, and American Samoa, the ground lease must be 40 years or more;



 (iii) For manufactured housing, the ground lease must be for a minimum period
of 10 years or such other applicable time period regarding location set forth in
this definition of Homeownership at the time of purchase by the homeowner;



 (2) Ownership interest may not merely consist of a right to possession under a
contract for deed, installment contract, or land contract (pursuant to which the
deed is not given until the final payment is made);



 (3) Ownership interest may only be subject to the restrictions on resale
permitted under the Assistance Agreement and this part; mortgages, deeds of
trust, or other liens or instruments securing debt on the property; or any other
restrictions or encumbrances that do not impair the good and marketable nature
of title to the ownership interest;



 Housing means Single-family and Multi-family residential units including, but
not limited to, manufactured housing and manufactured housing lots, permanent
housing for disabled and/or homeless persons, transitional housing, single-room
occupancy housing, and group homes. Housing also includes elder cottage housing
opportunity (ECHO) units that are small, free- standing, barrier-free,
energy-efficient, removable, and designed to be installed adjacent to existing
single-family dwellings. Housing does not include emergency shelters (including
shelters for disaster victims) or facilities such as nursing homes, convalescent
homes, hospitals, residential treatment facilities, correctional facilities,
halfway houses, housing for students, or dormitories (including farmworker
dormitories);



 HUD means the Department of Housing and Urban Development established under the
Department of Housing and Urban Development Act of 1965, 42 U.S.C. 3532 et seq.;




 In Conjunction With Affordable Housing means:



 (1) Physically proximate to; and



 (2) Reasonably available to residents of Affordable Housing that is subject to
Affordable Housing Activities. For a Metropolitan Area, In Conjunction With
means located within the same census tract or within 1 mile of such Affordable
Housing. For a Non-Metropolitan Area, In Conjunction With means located within
the same county, township, or village, or within 10 miles of such Affordable
Housing;



 Insured CDFI means a Certified CDFI that is an Insured Depository Institution
or an Insured Credit Union;



 Insured Credit Union means any credit union, the member accounts of which are
insured by the National Credit Union Share Insurance Fund by the National Credit
Union Administration pursuant to authority granted in 12 U.S.C. 1783 et seq.;



 Insured Depository Institution means any bank or thrift, the deposits of which
are insured by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation as determined in 12
U.S.C. 1813(c)(2);



 Investment Period means the period beginning with the Effective Date and ending
on the fifth year anniversary of the Effective Date, or such other period as may
be established by the CDFI Fund in the Assistance Agreement;



 Leveraged Costs means costs for Affordable Housing Activities and Economic
Development Activities that exceed the dollar amount of the CMF Award, as
further described in ]&thinsp;1807.500;



 Loan Guarantee means the Recipient's use of CMF Award to support an agreement
to indemnify the holder of a loan all or a portion of the unpaid principal
balance in case of default by the borrower. The proceeds of the loan that is
guaranteed with the CMF Award must be used for Affordable Housing Activities
and/or Economic Development Activities;



 Loan Loss Reserves means proceeds from the CMF Award that the Recipient will
set aside in the form of cash reserves, or through accounting-based accrual
reserves, to cover losses on loans, accounts, and notes receivable for
Affordable Housing Activities and/or Economic Development Activities, or for
related purposes that the CDFI Fund deems appropriate;



 Low-Income means:



 (1) Having, in the case of owner-occupied Housing units, income not in excess
of 80 percent of area median income, adjusted for Family size, as determined by
HUD, except that HUD may establish income ceilings higher or lower than 80
percent of the median for the area on the basis of HUD findings that such
variations are necessary because of prevailing levels of construction costs or
fair market rents, or unusually high or low Family incomes; and



 (2) Having, in the case of rental Housing units, income not in excess of 80
percent of area median income, adjusted for Family size, as determined by HUD,
except that HUD may establish income ceilings higher or lower than 80 percent of
the median for the area on the basis of HUD findings that such variations are
necessary because of prevailing levels of construction costs or fair market
rents, or unusually high or low Family incomes;



 Low-Income Area or LIA means a census tract or block numbering area in which
the median income does not exceed 80 percent of the median income for the area
in which such census tract or block numbering area is located. With respect to a
census tract or block numbering area located within a Metropolitan Area, the
median Family income shall be at or below 80 percent of the Metropolitan Area
median Family income or the national Metropolitan Area median Family income,
whichever is greater. In the case of a census tract or block numbering area
located outside of a Metropolitan Area, the median Family income shall be at or
below 80 percent of the statewide Non-Metropolitan Area median Family income or
the national Non-Metropolitan Area median Family income, whichever is greater;



 Low Income Housing Credits (or LIHTCs) means credits against income tax under
section 42 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, 26 U.S.C. 42;



 Metropolitan Area means an area designated as such by the Office of Management
and Budget pursuant to 44 U.S.C. 3504(e) and 31 U.S.C. 1104(d) and Executive
Order 10253 (3 CFR, 1949-1953 Comp., p. 758), as amended;



 Multi-family housing means residential properties consisting of five or more
dwelling units, such as a condominium unit, cooperative unit, apartment, or
townhouse;



 Non-Metropolitan Area means counties that are designated as Non-Metropolitan
Counties by the Office of Management and Budget (OMB) pursuant to 44 U.S.C.
3504(e) and 31 U.S.C. 1104(d) and Executive Order 10253 (3 CFR, 1949-1953 Comp.,
p. 758), as amended, and as made available by the CDFI Fund for a specific
application funding round;



 Nonprofit Organization means any corporation, trust, association, cooperative,
or other organization that is:



 (1) Designated as a nonprofit or not-for-profit entity under the laws of the
organization's State of formation; and



 (2) Exempt from Federal income taxation pursuant to the Internal Revenue Code
of 1986;



 Participating Jurisdiction means a jurisdiction designated by HUD as such under
the HOME Program in accordance with the requirements of 24 CFR 92.105;



 Payment means the transmission of CMF Award dollars from the CDFI Fund to the
Recipient;



 Preservation means:



 (1) Activities to refinance, with or without Rehabilitation, Single-family
housing or Multi-family housing (rental) mortgages that, at the time of
refinancing, are subject to affordability and use restrictions under the LIHTC
statute or under State or Federal affordable housing programs, including but not
limited to, the HOME Program, properties with Federal project-based rental
assistance, or the USDA rental housing programs, hereinafter referred to as
"similar State or Federal affordable housing programs," where such refinancing
has the effect of extending the term of any existing affordability and use
restrictions on the properties by a minimum 10 years or as otherwise specified
in the Assistance Agreement;



 (2) Activities to refinance and acquire Single-family housing or Multi-family
housing that, at the time of refinancing or acquisition, were subject to
affordability and use restrictions under similar State or Federal affordable
housing programs or under the LIHTC statute, by the former tenants of such
properties, where such refinancing has the effect of extending the term of any
existing affordability and use restrictions on the properties by a minimum 10
years or as otherwise specified in the Assistance Agreement;



 (3) Activities to refinance the mortgages of owner-occupied, Single-family
housing that, at the time of refinancing, are subject to affordability and use
restrictions under similar State or Federal affordable housing programs, where
such refinancing has the effect of extending the term of any existing
affordability and use restrictions on the properties by a minimum 10 years or as
otherwise specified in the Assistance Agreement;



 (4) Activities to acquire Single-family housing or Multi-family housing, with
or without Rehabilitation, with the commitment to subject the properties to the
affordability qualifications set forth in subpart D of this part; or



 (5) Activities to refinance, with or without Rehabilitation, Single-family
housing or Multi-family housing, with the commitment to subject the properties
to the affordability qualifications set forth in subpart D of this part;



 Program Income means gross income, as further described in 2 CFR part 1000;



 Project means the Affordable Housing Activity and/or Economic Development
Activity that is financed with the CMF Award;



 Project Completion means that all of the requirements set forth at
]&thinsp;1807.503 for a Project have been met;



 Purchase means to provide direct financing to a Family for purposes of
Homeownership. Before the Recipient provides any financing to a Family for
Homeownership purposes, the Recipient must verify that the Family and the
Single-family housing meet the qualifications set forth in subparts D and E of
this part;



 Recipient means an Applicant selected by the CDFI Fund to receive a CMF Award
pursuant to this part;



 Rehabilitation means any repairs and/or capital improvements that contribute to
the long-term preservation, current building code compliance, habitability,
sustainability, or energy efficiency of Affordable Housing;



 Revolving Loan Fund means a pool of funds managed by the Applicant or the
Recipient wherein repayments on loans for Affordable Housing Activities or
Economic Development Activities are used to refinance additional loans;



 Risk-Sharing Loan means loans for Affordable Housing Activities and/or Economic
Development Activities in which the risk of borrower default is shared by the
Applicant or Recipient with other lenders (e.g., participation loans);



 Service Area means the geographic area in which the Applicant proposes to use
the CMF Award, and the geographic area approved by the CDFI Fund in which the
Recipient must use the CMF Award as set forth in its Assistance Agreement;



 Single-family housing means a one- to four-Family residence, a condominium
unit, a cooperative unit, a combination of manufactured housing and lot, or a
manufactured housing lot;



 State means the states of the United States, the District of Columbia, the
Commonwealth of Puerto Rico, the Commonwealth of the Northern Mariana Island,
Guam, the U.S. Virgin Islands, American Samoa, the Trust Territory of the
Pacific Islands, and any other territory of the United States;



 State-Insured Credit Union means any credit union that is regulated by, and/or
the member accounts of which are insured by, a State agency or instrumentality;



 Subsidiary means any company that is owned or Controlled directly or indirectly
by another company;



 Underserved Rural Area means:



 (1) A Non-Metropolitan Area that:



 (i) Qualifies as a Low-Income Area; and



 (ii) Is experiencing economic distress evidenced by 30 percent or more of
resident households with one or more of these four housing conditions in the
most recent census for which data are available:



 (A) Lacking complete plumbing;



 (B) Lacking complete kitchen;



 (C) Paying 30 percent or more of income for owner costs or tenant rent; or



 (D) Having more than 1 person per room;



 (2) An area as specified in the applicable NOFA and/or Assistance Agreement;



 Uniform Administrative Requirements means the Uniform Administrative
Requirements, Cost Principles, and Audit Requirements for Federal Awards (2 CFR
part 1000);



 Very Low-Income means:



 (1) Having, in the case of owner-occupied Housing, income not greater than 50
percent of the area median income with adjustments for Family size, as
determined by HUD, except that HUD may establish income ceilings higher or lower
than 50 percent of the median for the area on the basis of HUD findings that
such variations are necessary because of prevailing levels of construction costs
or fair market rents, or unusually high or low Family incomes; and



 (2) Having, in the case of rental Housing, income not greater than 50 percent
of the area median income, with adjustments for Family size, as determined by
HUD, except that HUD may establish income ceilings higher or lower than 50
percent of the median for the area on the basis of HUD findings that such
variations are necessary because of prevailing levels of construction costs or
fair market rents, or unusually high or low Family incomes.

 ]&thinsp;1807.105

 Waiver authority.



 The CDFI Fund may waive any requirement of this part that is not required by
law upon a determination of good cause. Each such waiver shall be in writing and
supported by a statement of the facts and the grounds forming the basis of the
waiver. For a waiver in an individual case, the CDFI Fund must determine that
application of the requirement to be waived would adversely affect the
achievement of the purposes of the Act. For waivers of general applicability,
the CDFI Fund will publish notification of granted waivers in the Federal
Register.

 ]&thinsp;1807.106

 OMB control number.



 The OMB control number for the CMF Award application is 1559-0036. The
compliance date requirements for the collection of information in
]&thinsp;1807.902 is stayed indefinitely, pending Office of Management and
Budget approval and assignment of an OMB control number.

 ]&thinsp;1807.107

 Applicability of regulations for CMF Awards.



 As of February 8, 2016, the regulations of this part are applicable for CMF
Awards made pursuant to Notices of Funds Availability published after February
8, 2016.

 Subpart B Eligibility

 ]&thinsp;1807.200

 Applicant eligibility.



 (a) General requirements. An Applicant will be deemed eligible to apply for a
CMF Award if it is:



 (1) A Certified CDFI. An entity may meet the requirements described in this
paragraph (a)(1) if it is:



 (i) A Certified CDFI, as set forth in 12 CFR 1805.201,



 (ii) A Certified CDFI that has been in existence as a legally formed entity as
set forth in the applicable Notice of Funds Availability (NOFA); or



 (2) A Nonprofit Organization having as one of its principal purposes the
development or management of affordable housing. An entity may meet the
requirements described in this paragraph (a)(2) if it:



 (i) Has been in existence as a legally formed entity as set forth in the
applicable NOFA;



 (ii) Demonstrates, through articles of incorporation, by-laws, or other
board-approved documents, that the development or management of affordable
housing are among its principal purposes; and



 (iii) Can demonstrate that a certain percentage, set forth in the applicable
NOFA, of the Applicant's total assets are dedicated to the development or
management of affordable housing.



 (b) Eligibility verification. An Applicant shall demonstrate that it meets the
eligibility requirements described in paragraph (a)(2) of this section by
providing information described in the application, NOFA, and/or supplemental
information, as may be requested by the CDFI Fund. For an Applicant seeking
eligibility under paragraph (a)(1) of this section, the CDFI Fund will verify
that the Applicant is a Certified CDFI during the application eligibility
review.

 Subpart C Eligible Purposes Eligible Activities Restrictions

 ]&thinsp;1807.300

 Eligible purposes.



 Each Recipient must use its CMF Award for the eligible activities described in
]&thinsp;1807.301 so long as such eligible activities increase private capital
for and increase investment in:



 (a) Development, Preservation, Rehabilitation, and/or Purchase of Affordable
Housing for primarily Extremely Low-Income, Very Low-Income, and Low-Income
Families; and/or



 (b) Economic Development Activities.



 (1) Economic Development Activity must support Affordable Housing;



 (2) The Recipient may undertake Economic Development Activity In Conjunction
With Affordable Housing Activities that are undertaken by parties other than the
Recipient;



 (3) If the Recipient uses its CMF Award to fund an Economic Development
Activity In Conjunction With Affordable Housing Activity, it must track the
resulting Affordable Housing, as set forth in subpart D of this part, to the
extent the Affordable Housing was financed by the CMF Award. For the purposes of
meeting the 10-year affordability period requirement, Recipients are not
required to track Affordable Housing that was financed by sources other than the
CMF Award.

 ]&thinsp;1807.301

 Eligible activities.



 The Recipient must use its CMF Award to finance and support Affordable Housing
Activities and/or Economic Development Activities through the following eligible
activities:



 (a) To capitalize Loan Loss Reserves;



 (b) To capitalize a Revolving Loan Fund;



 (c) To capitalize an Affordable Housing Fund;



 (d) To capitalize a fund to support Economic Development Activities;



 (e) To make Risk-Sharing Loans; and



 (f) To provide Loan Guarantees.

 ]&thinsp;1807.302

 Restrictions on use of CMF Award.



 (a) The Recipient may not use its CMF Award for the following:



 (1) Political activities;



 (2) Advocacy;



 (3) Lobbying, whether directly or through other parties;



 (4) Counseling services (including homebuyer or financial counseling);



 (5) Travel expenses;



 (6) Preparing or providing advice on tax returns;



 (7) Emergency shelters (including shelters for disaster victims);



 (8) Nursing homes;



 (9) Convalescent homes;



 (10) Residential treatment facilities;



 (11) Correctional facilities; or



 (12) Student dormitories.



 (b) The Recipient shall not use the CMF Award to finance or support Projects
that include:



 (1) The operation of any private or commercial golf course, country club,
massage parlor, hot tub facility, suntan facility, racetrack or other facility
used for gambling, or any store the principal business of which is the sale of
alcoholic beverages for consumption off premises; or



 (2) Farming activities (within the meaning of Internal Revenue Code (IRC)
section 2032A(e)(5)(A) or (B)), if, as of the close of the taxable year of the
taxpayer conducting such trade or business, the sum of the aggregate unadjusted
bases (or, if greater, the fair market value) of the assets owned by the
taxpayer that are used in such a trade or business, and the aggregate value of
the assets leased by the taxpayer that are used in such a trade or business,
exceeds $500,000.



 (c) In any given application round, no more than 30 percent of a CMF Award may
be used for Economic Development Activities.



 (d) Any Recipient that uses its CMF Award for a Loan Guarantee or Loan Loss
Reserves must ensure the underlying loan(s) are made to support Affordable
Housing Activities and Economic Development Activities. The Affordable Housing
resulting from the Recipient's Loan Guarantee or Loan Loss Reserve shall be
tracked for 10 years, as set forth in subpart D of this part.



 (e) If loans that are made pursuant to a Loan Guarantee or Loan Loss Reserves
are repaid during the Investment Period, the Recipient must use the repaid funds
for Loan Guarantees or Loan Loss Reserves targeted to the income population
(Extremely Low-Income, Very Low-Income, Low-Income) set forth in the Recipient's
Assistance Agreement, for the duration of the Investment Period.



 (f) The Recipient may not use more than five (5) percent of its CMF Award for
Direct Administrative Expenses.

 ]&thinsp;1807.303

 Authorized uses of Program Income.



 (a) Program Income earned in the form of principal and equity repayments must
be used by the Recipient for the approved, eligible CMF Award uses as further
set forth in the Assistance Agreement for the duration of the Investment Period.




 (b) Program Income earned in the form of interest payments, and all other forms
of Program Income (except for that which is earned as described in paragraph (a)
of this section, must be used by the Recipient as set forth in the Assistance
Agreement and in accordance with 2 CFR part 1000.

 Subpart D Qualification As Affordable Housing

 ]&thinsp;1807.400

 Affordable Housing--general.



 Each Recipient that uses its CMF Award for Affordable Housing Activities must
ensure that 100 percent of Eligible Project Costs are attributable to Affordable
Housing; meaning, that they comply with the affordability qualifications set
forth in this subpart for Eligible-Income Families. Further, as a subset of said
100 percent, greater than 50 percent of the Eligible Project Costs must be
attributable to Affordable Housing that comply with the affordability
qualifications set forth in this subpart for Low-Income, Very Low-Income, or
Extremely Low-Income Families, or as further set forth in the applicable NOFA
and/or Assistance Agreement.

 ]&thinsp;1807.401

 Affordable Housing--Rental Housing.



 To qualify as Affordable Housing, each rental Multi-family housing Project
financed with CMF Award must have at least 20 percent of the units occupied by
any combination of Low-Income, Very Low-Income, or Extremely Low-Income Families
and must comply with the rent limits set forth herein. However, the CDFI Fund
may require a greater percentage of the units per Project to be income-targeted
and/or require a specific targeted income commitment in any given application
round, as set forth in the NOFA and Assistance Agreement for that application
round.



 (a) Rent limitation. The gross rent limits for Affordable Housing are
determined under the provisions in IRC section 42(g)(2). In this determination,
if this part imposes an income restriction on a unit that is greater than 60
percent of area median income, adjusted for Family size, then the provisions of
IRC section 42(g)(2) are applied as if that income restriction on the unit
satisfied IRC section 42(g)(1). The maximum rent is a rent that does not exceed:




 (1) For an Eligible-Income Family, 30 percent of the annual income of a Family
whose annual income equals 120 percent of the area median income, with
adjustments for number of bedrooms in the unit, as set forth in IRC section
42(g)(2).



 (2) For a Low-Income Family, 30 percent of the annual income of a Family whose
annual income equals 80 percent of the area median income, with adjustments for
number of bedrooms in the unit, as set forth in IRC section 42(g)(2). If the
unit or tenant receives Federal or State rental subsidy, and the Family pays as
a contribution towards rent not more than 30 percent of the Family's income, the
maximum rent (i.e., tenant contribution plus rental subsidy) is the rent
allowable under the Federal or State rental subsidy program;



 (3) For a Very Low-Income Family, 30 percent of the annual income of a Family
whose annual income equals 50 percent of the area median income, with
adjustments for number of bedrooms in the unit as described in paragraph (a) of
this section. If the unit or tenant receives Federal or State rental subsidy,
and the Family pays as a contribution towards rent not more than 30 percent of
the Family's income, the maximum rent (i.e., tenant contribution plus rental
subsidy) is the rent allowable under the Federal or State rental subsidy
program; or



 (4) For an Extremely Low-Income Family, 30 percent of the annual income of a
Family whose annual income equals 30 percent of the area median income, with
adjustments for number of bedrooms in the unit as described in paragraph (a) of
this section. If the unit or tenant receives Federal or State rental subsidy,
and the Family pays as a contribution toward rent not more than 30 percent of
the Family's income, the maximum rent (i.e., tenant contribution plus rental
subsidy) is the rent allowable under the Federal or State rental subsidy
program.



 (b) Nondiscrimination against rental assistance subsidy holders. The Recipient
shall require that the owner of a rental unit cannot refuse to lease the unit to
a Section 8 Program certificate or voucher holder (24 CFR part 982, Section 8
Tenant-Based Assistance: Unified Rule for Tenant-Based Assistance under the
Section 8 Rental Certificate Program and the Section 8 Rental Voucher Program)
or to the holder of a comparable document evidencing participation in a HOME
tenant-based rental assistance program because of the status of the prospective
tenant as a holder of such certificate, voucher, or comparable HOME tenant-based
assistance document.



 (c) Initial rent schedule and utility allowances. The Recipient shall ensure
that utility allowances and submetering rules are consistent with regulations
concerning utility allowances and submetering in buildings that are subject to
gross rent restrictions under IRC section 42(g)(2).



 (d) Periods of affordability. Housing under this section must meet the
affordability requirements for not less than 10 years, beginning after Project
Completion and at initial occupancy. The affordability requirements apply
without regard to the term of any loan or mortgage or the transfer of ownership
and must be imposed by deed restrictions, covenants running with the land, or
other recordable mechanisms. Other recordable mechanisms must be approved in
writing and in advance by the CDFI Fund. The affordability restrictions may
terminate upon foreclosure or transfer in lieu of foreclosure. However, the
affordability restrictions shall be revived according to the original terms if,
during the original affordability period, the owner of record before the
foreclosure, or deed in lieu of foreclosure, or any entity that includes the
former owner or those with whom the former owner has or had family or business
ties, obtains an ownership interest in the Project.



 (e) Subsequent rents during the affordability period. Any increase in rent for
a CMF-financed unit requires that tenants of those units be given at least 30
days prior written notice before the implementation of the rent increase.
Regardless of changes in annual rents and in median income over time, the CMF
rents for a Project are not required to be lower than the CMF rent limits for
the Project in effect at the time when the Project is Committed for use.



 (f) Tenant income determination. (1) Each year during the period of
affordability, the tenant's income shall be re-examined; tenant income
examination and verification is ultimately the responsibility of the Recipient.
Annual income shall include income from all household members. The Recipient
must require the Project owner to obtain information on rents and occupancy of
Affordable Housing financed or assisted with a CMF Award in order to demonstrate
compliance with this section.



 (2) One of the following two definitions of "annual income" must be used to
determine whether a Family is income-eligible:



 (i) Adjusted gross income as defined for purposes of reporting under Internal
Revenue Service (IRS) Form 1040 series for individual Federal annual income tax
purposes; or



 (ii) "Annual Income" as defined at 24 CFR 5.609 (except that when determining
the income of a homeowner for an owner-occupied Rehabilitation Project, the
value of the homeowner's principal residence may be excluded from the
calculation of Net Family Assets, as defined in 24 CFR 5.603).



 (3) Although either of the above two definitions of "annual income" is
permitted, in order to calculate adjusted income, exclusions from income set
forth at 24 CFR 5.611 shall be applied.



 (4) The CDFI Fund reserves the right to deem certain government programs, under
which a Low-Income Family is a recipient, as income eligible for purposes of
meeting the tenant income requirements under this section.



 (g) Over-income tenants. (1) CMF-financed or assisted units continue to qualify
as Affordable Housing despite a temporary noncompliance caused by increases in
the incomes of existing tenants if actions satisfactory to the CDFI Fund are
being taken to ensure that all vacancies are filled in accordance with this
section until the noncompliance is corrected.



 (2) Tenants whose incomes no longer qualify must pay rent no greater than the
lesser of the amount payable by the tenant under State or local law or 30
percent of the Family's annual income, except if the gross rent of a unit is
subject to the restrictions in IRC section 42(g)(2) or the restrictions in an
extended low-income housing commitment under IRC section 42(h)(6), then the
tenants of that unit must pay rent governed by those restrictions. Tenants who
no longer qualify as Eligible-Income are not required to pay rent in excess of
the market rent for comparable, unassisted units in the neighborhood.



 (3) If the income of a tenant of a CMF-financed or assisted unit no longer
qualifies, the Recipient may designate another unit, within the CMF-financed or
assisted Project, as a replacement unit that meets the affordability
qualifications for the same income category as the original unit, as further set
forth in the Recipient's Assistance Agreement. If there is not an available
replacement unit, the Recipient must fill the first available vacancy with a
tenant that meets the affordability qualifications for the same income category
of the original unit as necessary to maintain compliance with the CMF
requirements and the Assistance Agreement.

 ]&thinsp;1807.402

 Affordable Housing--Homeownership.



 (a) Purchase with or without Rehabilitation. A Recipient that uses the CMF
Award for the eligible activities set forth in ]&thinsp;1807.301 for Purchase
must ensure the purchasing Family and Housing meets the affordability
requirements of this subpart.



 (1) The Housing must be Single-family housing.



 (2) The Single-family housing price does not exceed 95 percent of the median
purchase price for the area as used in the HOME Program and as determined by HUD
and the applicable Participating Jurisdiction.



 (3) The Single-family housing must be purchased by a qualifying Family as set
forth in ]&thinsp;1807.400. The Single-family housing must be the principal
residence of the Family throughout the period described in paragraph (a)(4) of
this section.



 (4) Periods of affordability. Single-family housing under this section must
meet the affordability requirements for at least 10 years at the time of
purchase by the Family.



 (5) Resale. To ensure that CMF Awards are being used for qualifying Families
for the entire 10-year affordability period, recoupment and redeployment or
resale strategies must be imposed by the Recipient. A recoupment strategy must
ensure that, in the event the qualifying homeowner sells the Housing before the
end of the 10-year affordability period and the new homeowner does not meet the
affordability qualifications set forth in ]&thinsp;1807.400, an amount equal to
the amount of the CMF Award investment in the Housing, whether recouped or not,
is used to finance additional Affordable Housing Activities for a qualifying
Family in the same income category for Affordable Housing Homeownership in the
manner set forth in this section, except that the Housing must meet the
affordability requirements only for the remaining duration of the affordability
period. The Recipient may design and implement its own recoupment strategy. Deed
restrictions, covenants running with the land, or other similar mechanisms may
be used as the mechanism to impose a resale strategy. The Recipient shall report
to the CDFI Fund the event of resale and/or recoupment and redeployment of the
CMF Award, or an equivalent amount, in the manner described in the Assistance
Agreement. The affordability restrictions may terminate upon occurrence of any
of the following termination events: Foreclosure, transfer in lieu of
foreclosure, or assignment of an FHA-insured mortgage to HUD. The Recipient may
use purchase options, rights of first refusal or other preemptive rights to
purchase the Housing before foreclosure to preserve affordability. The
affordability restrictions shall be revived according to the original terms if,
during the original affordability period, the owner of record before the
termination event, obtains an ownership interest in the Housing. If there is a
sale of Single-family housing funded by a CMF Award prior to the completion of
the 10-year affordability period, the Recipient must demonstrate that it placed
into service Single-family housing targeting the same income population (i.e.,
Extremely Low-Income, Very Low-Income, Low-Income) as the original Single-family
housing, as set forth in the Assistance Agreement, financed with an equivalent
amount to the recouped portion of the CMF Award, that will be tracked for the
duration of the affordability period of the original Single-family housing.



 (b) Rehabilitation not involving Purchase. Single-family housing that is
currently owned by a qualifying Family, as set forth in ]&thinsp;1807.400,
qualifies as Affordable Housing if it meets the requirements of this paragraph
(b).



 (1) The estimated value of the Single-family housing, after Rehabilitation,
does not exceed 95 percent of the median purchase price for the area, as used in
the HOME Program and as determined by the applicable Participating Jurisdiction;
or



 (2) The Single-family housing is the principal residence of a qualifying Family
as set forth in ]&thinsp;1807.400, at the time that the CMF Award is Committed
to the Single-family housing.



 (3) Single-family housing under this paragraph (b) must meet the affordability
requirements for at least 10 years after Rehabilitation is completed or meet the
resale provisions of paragraph (a)(5) of this section.



 (c) Ownership interest. The ownership in the Single-family housing assisted
under this section must meet the definition of Homeownership as defined in
]&thinsp;1807.104.



 (d) New construction without Purchase. Newly constructed Single-family housing
that is built on property currently owned by a Family that will occupy the
Single-family housing upon completion, qualifies as Affordable Housing if it
meets the requirements under paragraph (a) of this section.



 (e) Converting rental units to Homeownership units for existing tenants.
CMF-financed rental units may be converted to Homeownership units by selling,
donating, or otherwise conveying the units to the existing tenants to enable the
tenants to become homeowners in accordance with the requirements of this
section. The Homeownership units are subject to a minimum period of
affordability equal to the remaining affordability period.

 Subpart E Leveraged Costs Eligible Project Costs Commitment Requirements

 ]&thinsp;1807.500

 Leveraged Costs; Eligible Project Costs.



 (a) Each CMF Award must result in Eligible Project Costs in an amount that
equals at least 10 times the amount of the CMF Award or some higher standard
established by the CDFI Fund in the Recipient's Assistance Agreement. Such
Eligible Project Costs must be for Affordable Housing Activities and Economic
Development Activities, as set forth in the Assistance Agreement.



 (b) Leveraged Costs. (1) The applicable NOFA and/or the Assistance Agreement
may set forth a required percentage of Leveraged Costs that must be funded by
non-governmental sources.



 (2) The Recipient must report to the CDFI Fund all Leveraged Costs, with the
following limitations:



 (i) No costs attributable to prohibited uses as set forth in
]&thinsp;1807.302(a) and (b) may be reported as Leveraged Costs;



 (ii) All Leveraged Costs attributable to Affordable Housing Activities must be
for Affordable Housing, as set forth in ]&thinsp;1807.401 or ]&thinsp;1807.402,
and as further described in the Assistance Agreement;



 (iii) All eligible Leveraged Costs attributable to Economic Development
Activities shall be described in the Assistance Agreement.



 (c) Recipients must report Leveraged Costs information through forms or
electronic systems provided by the CDFI Fund. Consequently, Recipients must
maintain appropriate documentation, such as audited financial statements, wire
transfers documents, pro-formas, and other relevant records, to support such
reports.

 ]&thinsp;1807.501

 Commitments; Payments.



 (a) The CMF Award must be Committed by the Recipient for use by the date
designated in its Assistance Agreement.



 (b) The Recipient must evidence such commitment with a written, legally binding
agreement to provide CMF Award proceeds to the qualifying Family, developer or
project sponsor for a Project whose:



 (1) Construction can reasonably be expected to start within 12 months of the
commitment agreement date;



 (2) Property title will be transferred within 6 months of the commitment
agreement date; or



 (3) Construction schedule ensures Project Completion within 5 years of a date
specified in the Assistance Agreement.



 (c) The CDFI Fund will make Payment of CMF Award based on a deployment schedule
contained in the CMF Award application, in addition to any other documentation
and/or forms that the CDFI Fund may require.



 (d) Upon receipt of CMF Award, the Recipient must make an initial disbursement
of said CMF Award by the date designated in its Assistance Agreement. The CDFI
Fund may make Payment of CMF Award in a lump sum or other manner, as determined
appropriate by the CDFI Fund. The CDFI Fund will not provide any Payment until
the Recipient has satisfied all conditions set forth in the applicable NOFA and
Assistance Agreement.

 ]&thinsp;1807.502

 CMF Award limits.



 An eligible Applicant and its Subsidiaries and Affiliates may not be awarded
more than 15 percent of the aggregate funds available for CMF Awards during any
year.

 ]&thinsp;1807.503

 Project Completion; Property standards.



 (a) Upon Project Completion, the Project must be placed into service by the
date designated in the Assistance Agreement. Project Completion occurs, as
determined by the CDFI Fund, when:



 (1) All necessary title transfer requirements and construction work have been
performed;



 (2) The property standards of paragraph (b) of this section have been met; and



 (3) The final drawdown of the CMF Award has been made to the project sponsor or
developer;



 (4) When a CMF Award is used for Preservation, Project Completion occurs when
the refinance and/or Rehabilitation is completed in addition to the requirements
set forth in this paragraph (a).



 (b) By the Project Completion date, the Project must meet the requirements of
this part, including the following property standards (which must be met for a
period of at least 10 years after the Project Completion date):



 (1) Projects that are constructed or Rehabilitated with a CMF Award must meet
all applicable State and local codes, Rehabilitation standards, ordinances, and
zoning requirements at the time of Project Completion or, in the absence of a
State or local building code, the International Residential Code or
International Building Code (as applicable) of the International Code Council.



 (2) In addition, Projects must meet the following requirements:



 (i) Accessibility. The Project must meet all applicable accessibility
requirements set forth at 24 CFR part 8, which implements section 504 of the
Rehabilitation Act of 1973 (29 U.S.C. 794), and Titles II and III of the
Americans with Disabilities Act (42 U.S.C. 12131-12189) implemented at 28 CFR
parts 35 and 36, as applicable. Multi-family housing, as defined in 24 CFR
100.201, must also meet all applicable design and construction requirements set
forth in 24 CFR 100.205, which implements the Fair Housing Act (42 U.S.C.
3601-3619).



 (ii) Disaster mitigation. The Project must meet all applicable State and local
codes, ordinances, or other disaster mitigation requirements (e.g., earthquake,
hurricanes, flooding, wild fires), or other requirements as the Department of
Housing and Urban Development has established in 24 CFR part 93.



 (iii) Lead-based paint. The Project must meet all applicable lead-based paint
requirements, including those set forth in 24 CFR part 35.



 (3) Rehabilitation standards. In addition, all Rehabilitation that is financed
with a CMF Award must meet the following requirements:



 (i) For rental Housing, if the remaining useful life of one or more major
systems is less than the 10-year period of affordability, the Recipient must
ensure that, at Project Completion, the developer or Project sponsor establishes
a replacement reserve and that monthly payments are made to the reserve that are
adequate to repair or replace the systems as needed. Major systems include:
Structural support; roofing; cladding and weatherproofing (e.g., windows, doors,
siding, gutters); plumbing; electrical; heating, ventilation, and air
conditioning.



 (ii) For Homeownership Single-family housing, the Recipient must ensure that,
at Project Completion, the Housing is decent, safe, sanitary, and in good
repair. The Recipient must ensure that timely corrective and remedial actions
are taken by the Project owner to address identified life threatening
deficiencies.



 (4) Manufactured housing. Construction of all manufactured housing must meet
the Manufactured Home Construction and Safety Standards set forth in 24 CFR part
3280. These standards preempt State and local laws or codes, which are not
identical to the Federal standards for the new construction of manufactured
housing. The installation of all manufactured housing units must comply with
applicable State and local laws or codes. In the absence of such laws or codes,
the installation must comply with the manufacturer's written instructions for
installation of manufactured housing units. Manufactured housing that is
rehabilitated using a CMF Award must meet the requirements set out in paragraph
(b)(1) of this section.

 Subpart F Tracking Funds Uniform Administrative Requirements Nature of Funds

 ]&thinsp;1807.600

 Tracking funds.



 The Recipient shall develop and maintain an internal tracking and reporting
system that ensures that the CMF Award is used in accordance with this part and
the Assistance Agreement.

 ]&thinsp;1807.601

 Uniform Administrative Requirements.



 The Uniform Administrative Requirements apply to all CMF Awards.

 ]&thinsp;1807.602

 Nature of funds.



 CMF Awards are Federal financial assistance with regard to the application of
Federal civil rights laws. CMF Award funds retain their Federal character until
the end of the Investment Period.

 Subpart G Notice of Funds Availability Applications

 ]&thinsp;1807.700

 Notice of funds availability.



 Each Applicant must submit a CMF Award application in accordance with the
applicable Notice of Funds Availability (NOFA) published in the Federal
Register. The NOFA will advise prospective Applicants on how to obtain and
complete an application and will establish deadlines and other requirements. The
NOFA will specify application evaluation factors and any limitations, special
rules, procedures, and restrictions for a particular application round. After
receipt of an application, the CDFI Fund may request clarifying or technical
information on the materials submitted as part of the application.

 Subpart H Evaluation and Selection of Applications

 ]&thinsp;1807.800

 Evaluation and selection--general.



 Each Applicant will be evaluated and selected, at the sole discretion of the
CDFI Fund, to receive a CMF Award based on a review process that will include a
paper or electronic application, and may include an interview(s) and/or site
visit(s), and that is intended to:



 (a) Ensure that Applicants are evaluated on a merit basis and in a fair and
consistent manner;



 (b) Ensure that each Recipient can successfully meet its leveraging goals and
achieve Affordable Housing Activity and Economic Development Activity impacts;



 (c) Ensure that Recipients represent a geographically diverse group of
Applicants serving Metropolitan Areas and Underserved Rural Areas across the
United States that meet criteria of economic distress, which may include:



 (1) The percentage of Low-Income Families or the extent of poverty;



 (2) The rate of unemployment or underemployment;



 (3) The extent of disinvestment;



 (4) Economic Development Activities that target Extremely Low-Income, Very
Low-Income, and Low-Income Families within the Recipient's Service Area; and



 (5) Any other criteria the CDFI Fund shall set forth in the applicable NOFA;
and



 (d) Take into consideration other factors as set forth in the applicable NOFA.

 ]&thinsp;1807.801

 Evaluation of applications.



 (a) Eligibility and completeness. An Applicant will not be eligible to receive
a CMF Award if it fails to meet the eligibility requirements described in
]&thinsp;1807.200 and in the applicable NOFA, or if the Applicant has not
submitted complete application materials. For the purposes of this paragraph
(a), the CDFI Fund reserves the right to request additional information from the
Applicant, if the CDFI Fund deems it appropriate.



 (b) Substantive review. In evaluating and selecting applications to receive
assistance, the CDFI Fund will evaluate the Applicant's likelihood of success in
meeting the factors set forth in the applicable NOFA including, but not limited
to:



 (1) The Applicant's ability to use a CMF Award to generate additional
investments, including private sources of funding;



 (2) The need for affordable housing in the Applicant's Service Area;



 (3) The ability of the Applicant to obligate amounts and undertake activities
in a timely manner; and



 (4) In the case of an Applicant that has previously received assistance under
any CDFI Fund program, the Applicant's level of success in meeting its
performance goals, reporting requirements, and other requirements contained in
the previously negotiated and executed assistance, allocation or award
agreement(s) with the CDFI Fund, any undisbursed balance of assistance, and
compliance with applicable Federal laws.



 (c) The CDFI Fund may consider any other factors that it deems appropriate in
reviewing an application, as set forth in the applicable NOFA, the application
and related guidance materials.



 (d) Consultation with appropriate regulatory agencies. In the case of an
Applicant that is a Federally regulated financial institution, the CDFI Fund may
consult with the Appropriate Federal Banking Agency or Appropriate State Agency
prior to making a final award decision and prior to entering into an Assistance
Agreement.



 (e) Recipient selection. The CDFI Fund will select Recipients based on the
criteria described in paragraph (b) of this section and any other criteria set
forth in this part or the applicable NOFA.

 Subpart I Terms and Conditions of Cmf Award

 ]&thinsp;1807.900

 Assistance agreement.



 (a) Each Applicant that is selected to receive a CMF Award must enter into an
Assistance Agreement with the CDFI Fund. The Assistance Agreement will set forth
certain required terms and conditions for the CMF Award that may include, but
are not limited to, the following:



 (1) The amount of the CMF Award;



 (2) The approved uses of the CMF Award;



 (3) The approved Service Area;



 (4) The time period by which the CMF Award proceeds must be Committed;



 (5) The required documentation to evidence Project Completion; and



 (6) Performance goals that have been established by the CDFI Fund pursuant to
this part, the NOFA, and the Recipient's application.



 (b) The Assistance Agreement shall provide that, in the event of fraud,
mismanagement, noncompliance with the Act or these regulations, or noncompliance
with the terms and conditions of the Assistance Agreement, on the part of the
Recipient, the CDFI Fund, in its discretion, may make a determination to:



 (1) Require changes in the performance goals set forth in the Assistance
Agreement;



 (2) Revoke approval of the Recipient's application;



 (3) Reduce or terminate the CMF Award;



 (4) Require repayment of any CMF Award that have been paid to the Recipient;



 (5) Bar the Recipient from applying for any assistance from the CDFI Fund; or



 (6) Take such other actions as the CDFI Fund deems appropriate or as set forth
in the Assistance Agreement.



 (c) Prior to making a determination that the Recipient has failed to comply
substantially with the Act or these regulations or an Assistance Agreement, the
CDFI Fund shall provide the Recipient with reasonable notice and opportunity for
hearing.

 ]&thinsp;1807.901

 Payment of funds.



 CMF Awards provided pursuant to this part may be provided in a lump sum payment
or in some other manner, as determined appropriate by the CDFI Fund. The CDFI
Fund shall not provide any Payment under this part until a Recipient has
satisfied all conditions set forth in the applicable NOFA and Assistance
Agreement.

 ]&thinsp;1807.902

 Data collection and reporting.



 (a) Data; General. The Recipient must maintain such records as may be
prescribed by the CDFI Fund that are necessary to:



 (1) Disclose the manner in which the CMF Award is used, including providing
documentation to demonstrate Project Completion;



 (2) Demonstrate compliance with the requirements of this part and the
Assistance Agreement; and



 (3) Evaluate the impact of the CMF Award.



 (b) Customer profiles. The Recipient must compile such data on the gender,
race, ethnicity, national origin, or other information on individuals that are
benefiting from the CMF Award, as the CDFI Fund shall prescribe in the
Assistance Agreement. Such data will be used to determine whether residents of
the Recipient's Service Area are adequately served and to evaluate the impact of
the CMF Award.



 (c) Access to records. The Recipient must submit such financial and activity
reports, records, statements, and documents at such times, in such forms, and
accompanied by such reporting data, as required by the CDFI Fund or the U.S.
Department of the Treasury to ensure compliance with the requirements of this
part and to evaluate the impact of the CMF Award. The United States Government,
including the U.S. Department of the Treasury, the Comptroller General, and
their duly authorized representatives, shall have full and free access to the
Recipient's offices and facilities and all books, documents, records, and
financial statements relating to use of Federal funds and may copy such
documents as they deem appropriate and audit or provide for an audit at least
annually. The CDFI Fund, if it deems appropriate, may prescribe access to record
requirements for entities that receive a CMF Award from the Recipient.



 (d) Retention of records. The Recipient shall comply with all applicable record
retention requirements set forth in the Uniform Administrative Requirements (as
applicable) and the Assistance Agreement.



 (e) Data collection and reporting--(1) Financial reporting, (i) All Nonprofit
Organization Recipients that are required to have their financial statements
audited pursuant to the Uniform Administrative Requirements, must submit their
single-audits by a time set forth in the applicable NOFA or Assistance
Agreement. Nonprofit Organization Recipients (excluding Insured CDFIs and
State-Insured Credit Unions) that are not required to have financial statements
audited pursuant to the Uniform Administrative Requirements, must submit to the
CDFI Fund a statement signed by the Recipient's authorized representative or
certified public accountant, asserting that the Recipient is not required to
have a single-audit pursuant to the Uniform Administrative Requirements as
indicated in the Assistance Agreement. In such instances, the CDFI Fund may
require additional audits to be performed and/or submitted to the CDFI Fund as
stated in the applicable Notice of Funds Availability and Assistance Agreement.



 (ii) For-profit Recipients (excluding Insured CDFIs and State-Insured Credit
Unions) must submit to the CDFI Fund financial statements audited in conformity
with generally accepted auditing standards as promulgated by the American
Institute of Certified Public Accountants by a time set forth in the applicable
NOFA or Assistance Agreement.



 (iii) Insured CDFIs are not required to submit financial statements to the CDFI
Fund. The CDFI Fund will obtain the necessary information from publicly
available sources. State-Insured Credit Unions must submit to the CDFI Fund
copies of the financial statements that they submit to the Appropriate State
Agency.



 (2) Annual report. (i) The Recipient shall submit a performance and financial
report that shall be specified in the Assistance Agreement (annual report). The
annual report consists of several components which may include, but are not
limited to, a report on performance goals and measures, explanation of any
Recipient noncompliance, and such other information as may be required by the
CDFI Fund. The annual report components shall be specified and described in the
Assistance Agreement.



 (ii) The CDFI Fund will use the annual report to collect data to assess the
Recipient's compliance with its performance goals and the impact of the CMF and
the CDFI industry.



 (iii) The Recipient is responsible for the timely and complete submission of
the annual report, even if all or a portion of the documents actually are
completed by another entity. If such other entities are required to provide
information for the annual report, or such other documentation that the CDFI
Fund might require, the Recipient is responsible for ensuring that the
information is submitted timely and complete. The CDFI Fund reserves the right
to contact such other entities and require that additional information and
documentation be provided.



 (iv) The CDFI Fund's review of the compliance of an Insured CDFI, a Depository
Institution Holding Company or a State-Insured Credit Union with the terms and
conditions of its Assistance Agreement may also include information from the
Appropriate Federal Banking Agency or Appropriate State Agency, as the case may
be.



 (f) Public access. The CDFI Fund shall make reports described in this section
available for public inspection after deleting or redacting any materials
necessary to protect privacy or proprietary interests.

 ]&thinsp;1807.903

 Compliance with government requirements.



 In carrying out its responsibilities pursuant to an Assistance Agreement, the
Recipient shall comply with all applicable Federal, State, and local laws,
regulations, and ordinances, Uniform Administrative Requirements, and Executive
Orders. Furthermore, Recipients must comply with the CDFI Fund's environmental
quality regulations (12 CFR part 1815) as well as all other Federal
environmental requirements applicable to Federal awards.

 ]&thinsp;1807.904

 Lobbying restrictions.



 No CMF Award may be expended by a Recipient to pay any person to influence or
attempt to influence any agency, elected official, officer or employee of a
State or local government in connection with the making, award, extension,
continuation, renewal, amendment, or modification of any State or local
government contract, grant, loan or cooperative agreement as such terms are
defined in 31 U.S.C. 1352.

 ]&thinsp;1807.905

 Criminal provisions.



 The criminal provisions of 18 U.S.C. 657 regarding embezzlement or
misappropriation of funds are applicable to all Recipients and insiders.

 ]&thinsp;1807.906

 CDFI Fund deemed not to control.



 The CDFI Fund shall not be deemed to control a Recipient by reason of any CMF
Award provided under the Act for the purpose of any applicable law.

 ]&thinsp;1807.907

 Limitation on liability.



 The liability of the CDFI Fund and the United States Government arising out of
any CMF Award shall be limited to the amount of the CMF Award. The CDFI Fund
shall be exempt from any assessments and other liabilities that may be imposed
on controlling or principal shareholders by any Federal law or the law of any
State. Nothing in this section shall affect the application of any Federal tax
law.

 ]&thinsp;1807.908

 Fraud, waste and abuse.



 Any person who becomes aware of the existence or apparent existence of fraud,
waste or abuse of a CMF Award should report such incidences to the Office of
Inspector General of the U.S. Department of the Treasury.

 Mary Ann Donovan,

 Director, Community Development Financial Institutions Fund.

 [FR Doc. 2016-02132 Filed 2-3-16; 4:15 pm]

 BILLING CODE 4810-70-P



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: February 9, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             153 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                 The Bond Buyer

                          February 27, 2013 Wednesday

Analysis: The Long-Term Care Credit Market in 2013

BYLINE: Jon Barasch, Interactive Data Corp.

SECTION: COMMENTARY Vol. 122 No. 39

LENGTH: 632  words


With interest rates still hovering close to zero, investors continue to search
for yield in 2013.

Demand for high-yield paper is currently high due to positive net inflows to
municipal bond mutual funds and benchmark yields that remain historically low.
While hospitals have dominated municipal issuance during the seasonally slow
opening weeks of 2013, spreads in this sector remain tight. Of the approximately
$1 billion in hospital bonds issued year-to-date through Feb. 19 (whose ratings
ranged from Baa1 to Aa3), the longer maturity bonds were sold at spreads inside
200 basis points over the benchmark curve.

By comparison, the long-term care sector has accounted for approximately $330
million year-to-date issuance, with ratings ranging from non-rated to A3.
Primary market spreads for this year's new long-term care issues have ranged
from 130 to 450 basis points over the benchmark curve in contrast to the larger
hospital sector. CCRCs have historically been the most common issuer of
high-yield municipal bonds within the long-term care sector and that trend holds
true so far this year.

Interactive Data classifies long-term care issuers within four subsets based on
property type:Â

Assisted Living Facilities (ALF) are rental properties that provide supportive
assistance care in addition to basic independent living services. Assistance is
for activities of daily living including management of medications, bathing and
dressing. Many of these facilities have some units dedicated to dementia
patients along with some nursing beds.Â

Senior Independent Living facilities (SIL) are age-restricted multi-family
rental properties that often include access to meals, recreational activities
and transportation.

Skilled Nursing Facilities are accredited facilities usually reimbursed by
Medicaid and Medicare. Some units can be private pay. Facilities are usually
long-term and have full-time nursing care supervised by a physician.

Continuing Care Retirement Communities (CCRC) operate properties that include
independent living units, assisted living units and nursing units. Payment plans
vary but usually include an entrance fee.

Of approximately 1,000 long-term care facilities for which Interactive Data
performs credit surveillance, approximately 40% are continuing care communities,
40% are skilled nursing facilities and the remaining 20% are assisted living
facilities and independent living facilities. Approximately 5% of the long-term
care facilities we follow are "distressed." These facilities experienced
financial difficulties, resulting in covenant defaults, missed payments, and
draws on reserve funds.

The long-term care credit market has stabilized somewhat during the past year,
with 2012 showing fewer defaults than 2011. This reflects a healthier housing
market and decreased issuance of long-term debt after the financial meltdown in
2008. The low interest rate environment has helped, as well.

To be sure, 2012 witnessed some high-profile bankruptcies and bond defaults
among long-term care issuers -- especially in the Chicago area -- and a few
distressed projects face ongoing default risk. But the majority are stable and
improving as the housing market continues to rebound, according to Dan Toboja,
vice president at Ziegler Capital Markets, an active broker-dealer in long-term
care sector.

Toboja says primary market spreads for non-rated startup facilities today are
125 to 150 basis points tighter than they were at the beginning of 2012, and the
bonds have tightened an additional 50 to 60 basis points in the secondary
market.

Ziegler's new-issue pipeline consists of a mix of refinancings, upgrades for
existing facilities, and a small number of startups. Other dealers active in the
sector include Herbert J. Sims, Cain Brothers, and BB&T Capital Markets.

URL: http://www.bondbuyer.com

LOAD-DATE: October 31, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: BONDBUYER_BB


                        Copyright 2013 SourceMedia, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             154 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                           The Malakoff News (Texas)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                  May 20, 2016

USDA to feed more children this summer

BYLINE: The Malakoff News staff

LENGTH: 408  words


TEXAS -- In 2015, about 22 million American children depended on free or
reduced-price school lunches. When school lets out for the summer, many of these
children will become at-risk of the health issues associated with hunger.

The U.S. Department of Agriculture works to address this problem every day. The
Rural Housing Service (RHS), finances affordable housing across the country and
the Food and Nutrition Service (FNS) works to increase food security and reduce
hunger by providing eligible low-income families access to healthy foods and
nutrition education.

Together, these agencies have partnered to feed children when school is out for
the summer.

The program allows USDA to reimburse local sponsoring organizations for serving
healthy, free meals to eligible low-income children age 18 and younger during
the summer months when school is not in session. The participation of our
multi-family housing communities brings meals to the places where kids live.
Local communities have an opportunity to play a big role in combating hunger and
helping to promote good nutrition to its own residents.

While 191 million meals were served in the summer of 2015, only about one in
five children participated in the Summer Food Service Program.

In partnership with rural America's affordable rental property owners and
tenants, the USDA Will help feed many more hungry kids this summer.

For 2016, the Rural Housing Service has set a goal to increase participation in
the Summer Food

Service Program by at least 50 percent. To achieve this goal, the department is
looking for 276 properties to host summer feeding sites nationwide. In Texas,
the potential is to add approximately 100 properties to the national goal!

One such participating multi-family housing properties is May Road Apartments.
The caring folks in Seagoville were happy to feed and supervise kids last
summer. They partnered with a local nonprofit sponsor organization, Nora's Women
of Purpose, to provide 13,593 meals. Like all our other property owners, May
Road Apartments was already ensuring children have clean, safe housing. Making
sure these same children are being fed felt like just another part of the
mission.

To sign up to host summer meals, go to www.fns.usda.gov/sfsp/how-become-sponsor.

Even if you're not a property owner or manager you or your organization can help
USDA Rural Development and the Food and Nutrition Service feed more kids by
visiting www.summerfoodusda.gov.

LOAD-DATE: June 22, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Local Government

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: MLN

                      Copyright 2016 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                        Copyright 2016 The Malakoff News


                             155 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       Redlands Daily Facts (California)

                             May 4, 2016 Wednesday

Crime-free training class May 12

BYLINE: Sandra Emerson sandra.emerson@langnews.com @TheFactsSandra on Twitter

SECTION: A,A; Pg. 3

LENGTH: 144 words


REDLANDS >> The Redlands Police Department on May 12 will hold aCrime-Free
Multi-Housing/rental propertytraining class for multi-family and single-family
rental property managers and owners.

The program is focused on education and reducing crime in apartments,
condominium complexes and single family rental housing in the city, according to
a city news release.

The class will be held from 8 a.m. to 4:30 p.m. May 12 at the Redlands Community
Center, 111 W. Lugonia Ave. RSVP is required by May 10. Cost is $5 for lunch
from Subway.

Redlands has participated in the San Bernardino County Crime-Free Multi-Housing
program since 1995. The five-phase program focuses on community-oriented crime
prevention by emphasizing communication with property manager, tenants and
police, according to the news release.

For more info or to reserve a spot rstrobaugh@redlandspolice.org

LOAD-DATE: May 4, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


     Copyright 2016 MediaNews Group, Inc. and Los Angeles Newspaper Group,
                              All Rights Reserved


                             156 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       Sarasota Herald Tribune (Florida)

                           January 31, 2009 Saturday

Wrong place to cut

SECTION: A; OPINION; Pg. A16

LENGTH: 408 words


Raid on housing funds hurts low-income renters and builders

With a state budget crisis on their hands and a glut of new homes on the market,
legislators this month slashed programs that would fund more housing
construction. Their logic is understandable, but wrong.

The $190 million hit to affordable housing funds -- a cut that the governor
apparently won't veto -- is likely to carry a host of consequences that no one
wants.

Much of the money was meant for the underserved multi-family rental housing
sector -- not single-family homes that already clog the market.

Millions of these state dollars had been pledged to affordable-housing
developers, for projects that depend on a complex combination of federal tax
credits, contributions from local governments and private-sector money.

If the state reneges on its share, these projects and their partners could be
left up the creek.

"Builders anticipating those state dollars had committed at least $115 million
in financing on 36 projects, totaling 4,000 units, in 17 counties," according to
a Jan. 13 report in the Orlando Sentinel.

One affordable-housing advocate estimated that in "saving" $190 million, Florida
cost itself 13,000 jobs connected to affordable housing developments. Legal
fallout -- potential lawsuits over financial losses stemming from the cuts -- is
another concern.

Commendably, lawmakers spared some money for down-payment assistance, which
helps income-qualified buyers acquire a home. But such aid does not help
renters, and it can leave out residents who are too poor to buy and maintain a
home of their own -- even a subsidized one. The rental developments now
threatened with state cuts could have served some of these people.

The $190 million -- which is to be taken away from housing and redirected to
other state needs -- comes from a trust fund created specifically for affordable
housing.

Composed of revenue from documentary-stamp taxes paid on most property sales,
the fund once soared with skyrocketing home prices. In those good times, the
state used portions of the fund for purposes it was not meant to serve. Now the
fund is threadbare and unable to meet the competing demands placed on it by
lawmakers.

They must make painful budget choices in a harsh economy, we know. But draining
$190 million from the affordable housing fund pulls the rug out from under the
very projects this money was meant to encourage. That just doesn't make sense --
in good times or bad.

LOAD-DATE: October 23, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2009 Sarasota Herald-Tribune Co.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             157 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                    Daily Journal of Commerce (Portland, OR)

                            January 23, 2006 Monday

Portland Development Commission extends proposal deadline for Parcel 8; addendum
added

BYLINE: DJC Staff

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 319  words


The Portland Development Commission has extended the deadline for submitting
proposals for a 48,645-square-foot site in the RiverPlace neighborhood dubbed
Parcel 8.

The new deadline is noon on Feb. 20.

Additionally, in Section V, Desired Development Program, Development Program
Criteria, the following sentence has been stricken: "If residential units are
developed for rental, tax abatement may be pursued for a maximum of 15 percent
of the total rental units. Renters of tax abated units must comply with the new
City of Portland multi-family tax abatement program guidelines."

The sentence has been replaced with: "Residential units developed for rental are
an acceptable use on the property. For information about the City of Portland
multi-family tax abatement program, please contact Brian Morisky at
503-823-3270."

Section V, Desired Development Program, Development Program Criteria, also has a
new addition: "For service-enriched housing projects (including senior housing),
PDC will require 10 percent of the total units developed to be priced at or
below $200,000 (excluding costs for services such as meals, transportation,
health care, etc.). Purchasers of these units must also have an income
(excluding net worth/assets) that is at or below 120 percent median family
income. For one person, the median family income at 120 percent is $57,050, and
for two people the median family income at 120 percent is $65,200."

The original deadline for submitting proposals was Jan. 30.

The minimum purchase price for the property is $3,175,000.

After all proposals are in, the PDC will organize an evaluation committee
comprising stakeholders representing the North Macadam Urban Renewal District,
RiverPlace residents, citizens and businesses. The PDC will also post all
proposals under consideration on its Web site.

In addition, the PDC has plans for an open house with stakeholders to discuss
final building design.

LOAD-DATE: January 23, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: General news

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2006 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved


                             158 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                      Saint Paul Pioneer Press (Minnesota)

                            December 6, 1996 Friday

HUMAN TOLL OF WELFARE OVERHAUL EMERGING;
LEGISLATIVE HEARINGS FOCUS ON LAW'S LESS-OBVIOUS EFFECTS

BYLINE: Lynda McDonnell, staff writer

SECTION: MAIN; Pg. 1A

LENGTH: 1168 words


Chao Vang came to the microphone near the end of a three-hour legislative
hearing Thursday. The round-faced woman of 51 wore a polka-dot sweater and a
stoic expression. She rested her plump hands calmly on the polished wooden
table.

But combined with estimates that 17,000 poor Minnesotans soon will begin to lose
benefits from little-noticed federal cuts, her simple cry for help - spoken in
the lilting vowels of her native Hmong - gave state lawmakers a grim foretaste
of wrenching decisions they will have to make next year.

"I am here today to ask the government to help us. We were with Americans in the
Vietnam War. All our husbands and children have died in the war. We have been
exposed to the communist yellow agent and now we cannot study. We need your
help. ... For us, we cannot find a job. We live in this country. It's very hard
for us."

This "we" was not rhetorical. A few yards away, a row of Hmong women more
elderly than she watched impassively, listening through black headphones to a
Hmong translation of the proceedings.

Some parts of the dramatic changes in federal welfare policy have received great
attention. Next summer, for example, tough new work requirements and time limits
will start affecting 59,000 Minnesota families now receiving Aid to Families
with Dependent Children. During the 1997 session, the Minnesota Legislature will
have to replace AFDC with a work-based program, with a $268 million federal
block grant to help fund the change.

But as Vang noted, thousands of other Minnesotans will be affected by more
obscure changes, with no federal block grant to help the state soften the blow.
Those changes were the focus of Thursday's joint meeting of house committees for
housing and human services at the State Office Building.

According to estimates by the Minnesota Department of Human Services, 16,000
noncitizens like Vang may lose their right to food stamps, starting in April,
while 5,400 will lose their right to SSI benefits for aged and disabled people,
beginning in March. In addition, 3,200 children who are citizens could lose
their Supplemental Security Income benefits as the federal government tightens
the definition of disability. And 2,800 single adults could lose SSI benefits
for drug and alcohol addictions.

State officials will have to decide whether to spend state money to replace lost
benefits. They also could shift victims of federal cutbacks to less expensive
state programs, such as general assistance. Or they could expect them to work or
seek help from family or private charities.

Public housing officials from around the state warned that reductions in
tenants' incomes could produce severe increases in overcrowding, homelessness
and financial pressure on local housing authorities.

"The people we serve are making $6,000 to $10,000 (a year)and the singles are
hurting the worst," said Patricia Alberg, a housing official from Hubbard County
in northwestern Minnesota. While employment is growing in places like Park
Rapids, few jobs pay enough to cover rents. Meanwhile, the state's high property
tax rates on rental property discourage developers from building and landlords
from renting housing at affordable levels, she said.

"This cliff is not just going to take people," said Alberg, adding that some
housing agencies also may not have the money to survive.

Vang, who lives in public housing in Minneapolis, is a legal immigrant. Because
she is not a refugee or citizen, the federal welfare law signed by President
Clinton last August will make her ineligible for food stamps, medical assistance
and federal Supplemental Security Income disability benefits, beginning next
summer. She says that health problems caused by exposure to chemical weapons
used in Laos makes it difficult for her to learn or work.

Because she has two children, ages 9 and 12, Vang may still qualify for whatever
program replaces AFDC. But for immigrants without children, Minnesota lawmakers
must decide whether to allow them to receive state general assistance, which
pays $203 a month to single individuals. That will raise the state's costs by
millions, since general assistance is entirely funded by the state.

In another complication, the committee members learned that cuts in cash
benefits will have a direct and damaging effect on public housing throughout the
state.

Suppose, for example, that Vang were switched from SSI to general assistance.
Her income would fall from $550 to $203. Since rent in public housing is set at
30 percent of income, her rental payment would fall from $183 to $67. The
housing authority, with less rental income for upkeep and operating expenses,
would have to seek more state dollars or fund fewer tenants.

Nonetheless, the state Human Services Department is contemplating a proposal to
cut monthly cash grants to AFDC families living in public housing by $100 a
month. They would use that money to pay for child care, transportation and other
costs related to putting AFDC recipients to work.

One can argue that this simply reduces the inequity between AFDC recipients with
housing assistance and those without. Because housing funds are limited, only a
third of qualified low-income people receive housing assistance in Minnesota.
Many poor families in private housing spend half or even 80 percent of their
income on rent.

But since the majority of tenants in most housing projects receive AFDC, a
reduction in their income will mean a severe shortfall in revenue needed to
operate these buildings.

"This bill will have a significant impact on our programs," said Howard Goldman,
director of multi-family division in the Minnesota office for the U.S. Housing
and Urban Development Department. "Some building owners will begin to experience
serious losses." The $100 cut in monthly benefits would produce a $2.5 million
shortfall in the Section 8 rent subsidy program statewide, he said.

Ann Sessoms, director of the assistance payments division for the state Human
Services Department, said the Carlson administration's welfare proposal - which
has not been finalized - are trying to make the best of a difficult situation.
"There are many unpleasant and painful trade-offs that we have been trying to
make."

Committee members gave little indication of their plans. Rep. Betty McCollum,
wife of a Vietnam veteran and a DFLer from North St. Paul, offered a simple
thanks to Vang for her comments. Rep. Steve Trimble, a St. Paul DFLer, noted
that the state's English as a Second Language classes have long waiting lists
and need both additional funding and classes targeted at giving people
vocabulary for work.

But the last word belonged to immigrants, including Chao Vang. "Many of us have
difficulty, especially the elders. The only way they can choose is suicide.
Because we cannot live in this country any more," she said. "We pray to God. No
matter how much we pray, humans create this - our God won't help."

LOAD-DATE: October 21, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo: SCOTT TAKUSHI, PIONEER PRESS
Chao Vang of Minneapolis embroiders a traditional Hmong skirt for her
daughter to wear on special occasions. Vang, a legal immigrant but not
a citizen, testified Thursday at the State Capitol about how federal
welfare cutbacks will affect her.

                     Copyright 1996 St. Paul Pioneer Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                             159 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                             National Mortgage News

                                 April 19, 1993

Groups Want Permanent LIHTC

SECTION: AFFORDABLE HOUSING; Pg. 21

LENGTH: 368 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


The Local Initiatives Support Corp. and the Enterprise Foundation are urging
Congress to restore and make permanent the Low Income Housing Tax Credit.

"As other sources of affordable housing finance have dried up, the tax credit
has spurred corporations and national nonprofits like LISC and Enterprise Social
Investment Corp. to step into the void," said F. Barton Harvey, co-chairman of
the Enterprise Foundation, at a press conference on Capitol Hill attended by a
number of mayors.

The groups maintain that use of the credit has allowed private corporations to
invest $ 403 million for the development of affordable housing and community
renewal initiatives nationwide last year.

"There is no time to waste," said Mayor Edward Rendell of Philadelphia.

"Dozens of community renewal and affordable housing initiative hang in the
balance.  These initiatives, which have done so much to restore hope and
opportunity in distressed neighborhoods once synonymous with neglect and
despair, must not be allowed to wither on the vine."

The tax credit is one of the primary tools for producing affordable multi-family
rental housing in the country.  It is responsible for 24% of all affordable
multi-family rental housing starts for each of the past two years Legislation to
make it permanent has passed the House and is pending in the Senate.

The tax credit also produces 110,000 affordable houses and apartments each year,
creates 90,000 jobs and generates $ 1.2 billion in federal, state and local
taxes annually.

Nationally, Enterprise, through ESIC and LISC, has raised $ 900 million from a
number of corporations.

By working with community-based builders, the foundation developed 27,000
affordable homes and apartments in many low-income communities.

Last year, LISC's three affiliated equity funds -- the National Equity Fund, the
California Equity Fund and the New York Fund -- raised $ 223 million from 60
corporations.

The tax credit was the primary motivation for bringing Morgan Stanley and dozens
of other U.S. corporations to the table with government agencies and community
development corporations, said Oliver Wesson, Jr., president of J. P. Morgan
Community Development Corp.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1993 National Thrift News, Inc.


                             160 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                           Edmonton Journal (Alberta)

                   February 13, 2002 Wednesday Final Edition

Two minutes with...

SOURCE: The Edmonton Journal

BYLINE: Jodie Sinnema, Journal Staff Writer

SECTION: Greater Edmonton Economic Outlook Series; Pg. H7

LENGTH: 279 words

Rosanna Mazzuca

Sales and project director,

Landrex Developers, Fort Saskatchewan

- - -

What are the main issues facing Landrex in the next year?

Our first issue is affordable housing options in the Fort, which would be
intended to stimulate growth. The second would be shortage of rental
accommodations and the third would be lack of senior supportive housing. The
rental vacancy rate has been at zero per cent for five to 10 years. There is no
senior supportive housing. And affordable housing options have not really been
dealt with to date.

What are you doing to address these issues?

Last year, together with the City of Fort Saskatchewan, we pursued amendments to
the land-use bylaw which allowed for narrower single-family home sites. We also
pursued lane products -- little houses with back lanes. This spring, we are
coming out with approximately 184 lots that are combinations of the narrower,
single-family home sites, the lane product and the semi-attached, duplex
spots.We also developed an apartment site and a stacked townhouse site --
basically two multi-family sites which led to the development of 100 new rental
units which were immediately occupied. We are presently in the process of
subdividing and rezoning a site in the southwest quadrant of the city that will
accommodate two additional 47-unit rental apartments each. Landrex is
instrumental in bringing a seniors' supportive housing project to the Fort. We
are doing that by working with the Good Samaritan Society, which will provide
care services such as laundry and meals, and the Lakeland Health Authority,
which would provide health services. It's like a partnership.

LOAD-DATE: February 13, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Colour Photo: Journal Stock; (Rosanna Mazzuca)

TYPE: Business

               Copyright 2002 CanWest Interactive, a division of
                      CanWest Global Communications Corp.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             161 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

               January 22, 1989, Sunday, Late City Final Edition

State Plays Bigger Role for Homeless L BY JEFFREY HOFF

SECTION: Section 12NJ; Page 1, Column 5; New Jersey Weekly Desk

LENGTH: 1623 words


A SERIES of recent court decisions has substantially increased the state's
responsibility to care for the homeless, straining a small supply of shelter
beds and magnifying the difficulty of finding permanent low-cost housing.

Total state spending for emergency housing assistance for families grew tenfold,
to $45 million, in the last three years as courts first broadened the
regulations determining who the state must shelter and then lengthened the time
over which aid must be provided.

No census of New Jersey's homeless population has been done in the last three
years, but officials estimate it is from 28,000 to 35,000.And the Commissioner
of the State Department of Human Services, Drew E. Altman, points out that his
department provided emergency housing assistance to 50,000 women and children
last year. Added to that are the thousands of single men and women receiving
emergency shelter assistance.

Yet for all those homeless people, there are fewer than 2,000 emergency shelter
beds in the state. Ninety-five percent of families receiving emergency shelter
from the state are placed in hotels or motels at a cost of $1,500 a month per
family. To help move those people out of the hotels and motels, the state has
embarked on a $2 million program to build shelters to accommodate 782 more beds
this year.

The program was started when the State Supreme Court said last summer that the
Human Services Department could remove families from welfare motels after a
five-month stay only if it had alternative programs to care for them. In
November, the Appellate Division of State Superior Court said that New Jersey
could not cut off emergency shelter assistance for homeless people after five
months. Two 1987 State Supreme Court decisions ordered that virtually any family
or individual needing emergency shelter be provided such assistance. Before the
decisions, only those people whose homes were destroyed by fire, natural
disaster or factors beyond their control were offered care.

Before the November ruling, Federal subsidies to state emergency shelter
programs lasted only five months for each recipient. Before those court
decisions the state had been terminating benefits after five months.

The state agreed to provide alternative programs after five months, as the court
had ordered. They include rent subsidies of up to $250 per month for each of
1,200 families that had been in the welfare hotels. Counties, which are
responsible for administering the emergency shelter programs subsidized by the
state, are now being encouraged to lease apartments that can then be sublet to
homeless families. The intention is to provide alternative housing for more than
4,000 families that the state places in hotels and motels every year.

But those efforts point to the severely limited supply of low-cost rental
housing. The 8,000 New Jersey families who receive Federal rent subsidies have
extreme difficulty finding apartments. Each family has four months to find an
apartment with a rent that is within the range stipulated by the Federal
regulations. But four of every five families offered the rent subsidy are unable
to find an apartment with a rent within the subsidy, said Roy Ziegler, chief of
the Bureau of Housing Services at the State Department of Community Affairs. The
new state program will increase competition for housing among the governmental
agencies that are aiding the search for low-cost units.

The number of homeless, meanwhile, continues to grow as the supply of low-cost
rental apartments dwindles. Some 1,000 households in New Jersey are evicted from
their apartments each month, Mr. Ziegler said.

Help for the Evicted

The most fortunate of those evicted might be among about 5,000 households that
will benefit this year from the state's Homeless Prevention Program. The
three-year-old program, now being copied in other states, pays the overdue rent
for families that have been evicted or are about to be evicted and also gives
them rent subsidies. To qualify, families must be able to prove that their
inability to pay the rent is only temporary.

Mr. Ziegler acknowledged that the program reaches only a small percentage of the
needy. The state has $7.9 million to spend for the program in the 1988-89 fiscal
year, up from $2.8 million the previous fiscal year, when 2,200 households were
helped.

The Human Services Department each year helps an additional 12,000 welfare
families who are threatened with eviction.

Condominium conversions are placing an additional strain on the supply of
low-cost rental housing and causing the eviction of tens of thousands of tenants
across the state. Many tenants living in the nearly 100,000 apartments converted
to condominiums throughout the state in recent years face eviction if they do
not buy their apartments.

''People that had been in apartments and S.R.O.'s are being moved out of these
units, and they become homeless,'' Anthony Cancro, assistant to the Community
Affairs Commissioner, said. ''They double up and triple up'' with friends and
family.

Jersey City Homeless Double

Jersey City, where a high percentage of the state's conversions are taking
place, is feeling the brunt of these problems. Officials say the number of
homeless people in the city's care has nearly doubled, to 699, after the
November court decision. The three shelters in the city have a total of fewer
than 200 beds and are almost always full, the officials say.

''We need more shelters,'' said Sonia Martinez, supervisor of caseworkers for
the Jersey City Department of Welfare. ''The situation in Jersey City is bad
because we don't have affordable housing.''

''The homeless go to the PATH station,'' she added, referring to the Port
Authority of New York and New Jersey's transportation center at Journal Square,
where 100 or more homeless people gather every day.

The city has made one of thefew efforts in the state to create
single-room-occupancy housing for the homeless just blocks from the station. The
city and state have each committed $1.3 million to rehabilitate a 70-unit
building that would include a drop-in center to provide social services. But
city officials say that unless the Port Authority provides an additional $1.3
milllion, the project is doomed.

The Port Authority has contributed to a drop-in office near its bus terminal on
West 42d Street in Manhattan and to another near the World Trade Center. But a
spokeswoman for the authority, Deborah Wathen Finn, said agency regulations did
not permit it to help pay for housing.

Nearly 10,000 Units Created

In 1986, the state Council on Affordable Housing determined that New Jersey
needed 145,707 units of low- and moderate-priced housing. But council officials
say that fewer than 10,000 units have been created.

The Community Affairs Department has two programs to help house the homeless.

One, the New Jersey Urban Multi-Family Production Program (Jumpp), is intended
to halt the decline in the number of rental units caused in part by condominium
conversions. ''We are trying to get developers back to building rental housing,
'' said Peggy Huchet, administrator of the Community Affairs Department's
balanced housing program.

Jumpp provides long-term, low-interest financing to builders of rental housing
who agree to make 20 to 35 percent of the units affordable to low-income
families. The state hopes aninitial $10 million commitment will lead to the
creation of 450 to 500 units.

''This kind of housing is probably not going to do much for the homeless,'' Ms.
Huchet acknowledged, because the total numbers are small and the low-cost units
are too expensive for many of the homeless.

'Problem Is Getting Worse'

A low-income family is one that earns less than 50 percent of its county's
median income. An affordable apartment, according to state standards, is one
that does not take more than 30 percent of a household's income.

The balanced housing program, for which $48.5 million was set aside three years
ago to create 3,500 low-cost units, is aimed more directly at low-income
families. The money is available only to municipalities that can use it to
provide loans or grants to nonprofit builders of low- and moderate-priced units.

Despite these efforts, ''the problem is getting worse,'' said Commissioner
Altman of the Human Services Department. ''I don't think D.C.A. can create
enough low-cost housing unless the Federal Government returns to the business of
creating low-cost housing.''

Mr. Altman said his Human Services Department ''has no significant capacity to
address the fundamental issues, which are low-income housing and jobs. We run
entitlement and social service programs.''

Welfare Grants Deemed Insufficient

But a number of city and county officials argue that welfare grants to families
and individuals provided by the state are far too small to pay for rent.

Single people who are not employable receive only $210 a month in general
assistance support. A mother with two children gets $424 a month plus about $200
in food stamps, said Alan Zalkind, director of Citizen Services for Essex
County. ''An apartment here is $700 a month,'' he said. ''The grants we give
them are flat out inadequate.''

The State Public Advocate recently argued before the State Supreme Court that
the Human Services Department must establish realistic standards of need on
which to base welfare grants for single people and families. In March, an
appellate court found that welfare grants were ''insufficient to meet actual
living costs in New Jersey.'' It ordered the Human Services Department to set a
new standard. The department then appealed the decision. The State Supreme Court
has yet to rule on the matter.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo of a homeless person at the PATH station in Journal Square,
Jersey City (NYT/Paul Edward Kern)

                   Copyright 1989 The New York Times Company


                             162 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                      The Vancouver Sun (British Columbia)

                             March 11, 2008 Tuesday
                                 Final Edition

Single-family housing starts continue to plunge

BYLINE: Canwest News Service

SECTION: WESTCOAST NEWS; Pg. B2

LENGTH: 245  words

DATELINE: CALGARY


CALGARY -- Housing starts for the single-family home market in the Calgary area
continued to plunge in February compared with a year ago, but at the same time
the multi-family sector is soaring.

According to preliminary figures released by Canada Mortgage and Housing
Corporation, new construction in the Calgary Census Metropolitan Area (CMA) for
the month were 877 units, up 19.8 per cent from the 732 units started in
February 2007.

The rise in total housing starts can be attributed to the increase in
multi-family starts, which include semidetached units, rows, and apartments.
Multi-family starts amounted to 589 units in February, a more than threefold
increase (225.4 per cent) over the 181 units started in February 2007.

The jump in multi activity resulted from an increase in condominium starts and
the construction of a new social housing rental project.

"Condominium apartment starts last February were unusually low at only 10 units,
thus production was expected to rise this year," said Lai Sing Louie, senior
market analyst in Calgary for the CMHC. "Nevertheless, multi-family starts so
far have been stronger than projected, considering the current level of supply
and the likelihood of rising inventories."

Year-to-date, multi-family starts have reached 937 units, up 149.2 per cent from
the same period last year. Meanwhile, single-detached starts were nearly cut in
half last month, declining from 551 units in February 2007 to 288 units in
February 2008.

LOAD-DATE: March 11, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Business; Statistics

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 2008 The Vancouver Sun, a division of CanWest MediaWorks Publication
                                      Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             163 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Palestine Herald-Press (Texas)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                           September 8, 2016 Thursday

What is affordable housing?

BYLINE: Michael Maresh, Palestine Herald-Press, Texas

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 606 words


Sept. 08--What affordable housing means depends on the person and his or her
financial situation.

Economic development director Tom Manskey thinks there is affordable housing in
Palestine for multi-family homes.

For the first time in many years, Palestine is facing a mini housing boom, as
more than 10 new homes are being or will be constructed soon. In addition,
another developer is talking to the city about building a 168-unit apartment
complex near the Comfort Suite Hotel on Loop 256.

Many housing developers use tax credits when building. The Low-Income Housing
Tax Credit is the most important resource for creating affordable housing in the
United States today, according to the U.S. Department of Housing and Urban
Development.

The city does have a rule in place for apartment developers to make a certain
number of units available for low-income people, said communication and best
practice officer Nate Smith.

The last year a subsidized housing complex was built in the city was 2009, Smith
said.

Affordable housing also can mean what a person can afford to buy, Manskey said.

Some apartment complexes only rent to people who do not exceed a certain salary,
he said.

In Palestine, there are three Section 8 housing apartment complexes, with a
combined 174 units, and another 516 units are rented in apartment complexes
through the Low-Income Housing Tax Credit.

Palestine has six properties that use rural rental housing for a combined 258
units, and there is one property with 50 units to support the elderly.

The 2015 fair market rates, according to the Housing Urban Development, are $457
a month for an efficiency apartment, $544 for a one-bedroom apartment, $645 for
a two-bedroom apartment, $843 for a three-bedroom unit and $1,142 for a
four-bedroom apartment.

Prices of homes are often driven by the market rate for regular housing, Manskey
said.

"If you can afford to live there, you can," he said, adding there are various
factors that drive the market.

Some of those factors could include location, square footage and other
amenities.

As an example, Manskey pointed out that there could be a family home in one part
of Dallas that is less expensive than an identical house in another part of that
city.

"There's a whole variety of things that change the market," Manskey said.

Manskey still believes there is a market for more homes in Palestine, and
developers have seen these opportunities to build homes in the city.

Pinehurst Apartments, which has been around for 55 years, offers affordable
housing to seniors or people who are 18 and older who are handicapped.

Pinehurst Apartments is just one apartment that provides rental subsidies to
renters. The type of subsidy provided to apartment renters in this property is
Section 202 Rental Assistance.

At Pinehurst, the renter pays 30 percent of his or her income for rent, while
the subsidy pays the difference. To qualify, a renter must earn 50 percent or
less of the area median income.

No minimum rent at this property for residents receiving a rent subsidy is
required.

Pinehurst resident Sandra Timberlake does not know what she would do without the
apartment complex where she has lived for 17 years.

Timberlake's monthly rental bill in the retirement community is $203 a month.

"I probably would have to live with family members," she said when asked what
she would have done if Pinehurst had not been available.

"I couldn't afford anywhere else," she said. "I love it, and I am not going
anywhere."

___ (c)2016 the Palestine Herald-Press (Palestine, Texas) Visit the Palestine
Herald-Press (Palestine, Texas) at www.palestineherald.com Distributed by
Tribune Content Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: September 9, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20160908-PQ-What-is-affordable-housing-0908-20160908

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: PQ


                     Copyright 2016 Palestine Herald-Press


                             164 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            August 22, 2013 Thursday

Arkansas: USDA Announces Available Funding to Provide Safe Housing for America's
Farm Laborers

LENGTH: 712  words

DATELINE: Little Rock


Arkansas Agriculture Department, The State of Arkansas has issued the following
news release:

Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack announced today the availability of nearly $40
million to provide housing for farmworkers and their families. Despite budget
uncertainties, USDA remains focused on strengthening the rural economy.

"USDA's Farm Labor Housing Program is the only national source of construction
funds to buy, build or improve housing for farmworkers, who are critical to the
tremendous productivity of American agriculture," said Vilsack. "This program is
an important way that USDA helps to ensure the well-being of itinerant farm
labor families. Looking ahead to the future, we will also continue to urge
passage of common sense immigration reform that will create rules that work for
farm workers and producers alike."

Under the Farm Labor Housing Program, loans and grants are provided to farmers,
farmers associations, family farm corporations, Indian tribes, nonprofit
organizations, public agencies, and farmworkers associations to develop or
improve multi-family housing facilities for farmworkers and their families.

For example, USDA provided Bienestar, a nonprofit organization in Hillsboro,
Ore., a grant and loan to construct a 24-unit farmworker apartment complex in
Forest Grove, Ore. The complex opened in December 2012. In addition to providing
new, modern two-, three- and four-bedroom apartments for residents, the facility
also provides services such as English as a Second Language tutoring, and
classes on computers, financial literacy, and nutrition.

Today's announcement makes available approximately $30 million in loans, $8.5
million in grants, and $951,000 in rental assistance. Applications for Farm
Labor Housing assistance are due September 13, 2013. More information about how
to apply is available in the August 14, 2013 Federal Register
www.gpo.gov/fdsys/pkg/FR-2013-08-14/html/2013-19774.htm or by contacting any
USDA Rural Development state office.

Vilsack said the nearly $40 million in grants and loans is another reminder of
the importance of USDA programs for rural America. Since 2009, the Obama
Administration has provided more than $137 million in Farm Labor Housing
assistance to construct or renovate 2,165 apartment units for farmworkers and
their families.

Secretary Vilsack said that today's announcement is another reminder of the
importance of USDA programs such as Farm Labor Housing loans and grants for
rural America. A comprehensive new Food, Farm and Jobs Bill would further expand
the rural economy, Vilsack added, saying that's just one reason why Congress
must get a comprehensive Bill done as soon as possible.

President Obama's plan for rural America has brought about historic investment
and resulted in stronger rural communities. Under the President's leadership,
these investments in housing, community facilities, businesses and
infrastructure have empowered rural America to continue leading the way -
strengthening America's economy, small towns and rural communities.

USDA's investments in rural communities support the rural way of life that
stands as the backbone of our American values. President Obama and Agriculture
Secretary Vilsack are committed to a smarter use of Federal resources to foster
sustainable economic prosperity and ensure the government is a strong partner
for businesses, entrepreneurs and working families in rural communities.

USDA, through its Rural Development mission area, has a portfolio of programs
designed to improve the economic stability of rural communities, businesses,
residents, farmers and ranchers and improve the quality of life in rural
America. USDA has made a concerted effort to deliver results for the American
people, even as the Department implements sequestration - the across-the-board
budget reductions mandated under terms of the Budget Control Act.

USDA has already undertaken historic efforts since 2009 to save more than $828
million in taxpayer funds through targeted, common-sense budget reductions.
These reductions have put USDA in a better position to carry out its mission,
while implementing sequester budget reductions in a fair manner that causes as
little disruption as possible.

For further information please visit: http://aad.arkansas.gov/

LOAD-DATE: August 23, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             165 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                    November 8, 1992, Sunday, Final Edition

No Credit Where Credit Was Due

SECTION: EDITORIAL; PAGE C8; CLOSE TO HOME

LENGTH: 595 words


In an Oct. 10 Outlook article "Mrs. Kelly's Neighborhoods -- How Can the City
Save Them?" Juan Williams accused Mayor Kelly and the D.C. government of
neglecting neighborhoods and emphasized the need for the District to make "a
more aggressive commitment" to community revitalization. But the Kelly
administration is committed and aggressive in revitalizing District
neighborhoods. Williams just didn't bother to cite the District's financial
accomplishments for the following examples:

The Historic Whitelaw Hotel is being developed by the nonprofit MANNA Inc. into
affordable rental housing. The District is providing financing in the form of a
$ 855,000 loan and $ 311,901 in Low Income Housing Tax Credits. The project
would not have been possible without the District's financial assistance.

The Nehemiah project, a mixed-use housing and commercial development to be
constructed off 14th Street NW, is the result of the District's partnership with
nine local nonprofit organizations and a group of private lenders. The
Department of Housing and Community Development identified city-owned land for
the project and devised a development plan. The city is selling the commercial
sites at a reduced cost to help make development affordable and to keep sale
prices low on 57 homes for low- and moderate-income D.C. residents.

The Habitat for Humanity housing project on Benning Road SE would not have been
possible without Kelly's commitment of D.C. land for the project. The result is
10 new homes in Ward 7 for low- and moderate-income D.C. residents.

Long-promised housing projects such as the Parkside Townhomes, Perry School
Townhomes and Knox Hill Village Townhomes have been launched based on critical
financing and technical support from the Kelly administration.

Since January 1991, the Kelly administration has committed more than $ 20
million in financing to rehabilitate or build nearly 1,500 affordable ownership,
rental and transitional housing units.Much of the financing has gone to
nonprofit developers, tenant groups and sponsors of housing for special
population groups.

In FY '93, DHCD is planning to help rehabilitate 1,300 multifamily units and 50
single family units, build 200 units, sell 85 more homestead units, weatherize
400 units and complete development of 185,000 square feet of commercial space.

The District's Home Purchase Assistance Program reopened this year for the first
time since October 1990 and since early 1991 the Homestead Housing Preservation
Program has held four offerings of a total of 368 single- and multi-family units
for sale to eligible residents and nonprofit organizations.

The Single Family Housing Rehabilitation Program had not been able to accept
applications from low-income homeowners for three years because of operational
problems identified by the U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development.
This year HUD gave the District approval to begin accepting new applications
because of significant improvements in the program. It also lifted its
moratorium on the District's use of federal funds for its economic development
program.

Many neighborhoods and low- and moderate-income residents have suffered neglect
and frustration from unfulfilled promises in the past. But the D.C. government
with the leadership of our mayor is trying to reduce bureaucracy, enable access
to available financing, establish public-private partnerships and produce other
incentives to improve neighborhoods.


-- Merrick T. Malone is director of the D.C. Department of Housing and Community
Development.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

SERIES: Occasional

TYPE: LETTER

                       Copyright 1992 The Washington Post


                             166 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            August 15, 2013 Thursday

Arkansas: USDA Announces Available Funding to Provide Safe Housing for America's
Farm Laborers

LENGTH: 712  words

DATELINE: Little Rock


Information Network of Arkansas, The State of Arkansas has issued the following
news release:

Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack announced today the availability of nearly $40
million to provide housing for farmworkers and their families. Despite budget
uncertainties, USDA remains focused on strengthening the rural economy.

"USDA's Farm Labor Housing Program is the only national source of construction
funds to buy, build or improve housing for farmworkers, who are critical to the
tremendous productivity of American agriculture," said Vilsack. "This program is
an important way that USDA helps to ensure the well-being of itinerant farm
labor families. Looking ahead to the future, we will also continue to urge
passage of common sense immigration reform that will create rules that work for
farm workers and producers alike."

Under the Farm Labor Housing Program, loans and grants are provided to farmers,
farmers associations, family farm corporations, Indian tribes, nonprofit
organizations, public agencies, and farmworkers associations to develop or
improve multi-family housing facilities for farmworkers and their families.

For example, USDA provided Bienestar, a nonprofit organization in Hillsboro,
Ore., a grant and loan to construct a 24-unit farmworker apartment complex in
Forest Grove, Ore. The complex opened in December 2012. In addition to providing
new, modern two-, three- and four-bedroom apartments for residents, the facility
also provides services such as English as a Second Language tutoring, and
classes on computers, financial literacy, and nutrition.

Today's announcement makes available approximately $30 million in loans, $8.5
million in grants, and $951,000 in rental assistance. Applications for Farm
Labor Housing assistance are due September 13, 2013. More information about how
to apply is available in the August 14, 2013 Federal Register
www.gpo.gov/fdsys/pkg/FR-2013-08-14/html/2013-19774.htm or by contacting any
USDA Rural Development state office.

Vilsack said the nearly $40 million in grants and loans is another reminder of
the importance of USDA programs for rural America. Since 2009, the Obama
Administration has provided more than $137 million in Farm Labor Housing
assistance to construct or renovate 2,165 apartment units for farmworkers and
their families.

Secretary Vilsack said that today's announcement is another reminder of the
importance of USDA programs such as Farm Labor Housing loans and grants for
rural America. A comprehensive new Food, Farm and Jobs Bill would further expand
the rural economy, Vilsack added, saying that's just one reason why Congress
must get a comprehensive Bill done as soon as possible.

President Obama's plan for rural America has brought about historic investment
and resulted in stronger rural communities. Under the President's leadership,
these investments in housing, community facilities, businesses and
infrastructure have empowered rural America to continue leading the way -
strengthening America's economy, small towns and rural communities.

USDA's investments in rural communities support the rural way of life that
stands as the backbone of our American values. President Obama and Agriculture
Secretary Vilsack are committed to a smarter use of Federal resources to foster
sustainable economic prosperity and ensure the government is a strong partner
for businesses, entrepreneurs and working families in rural communities.

USDA, through its Rural Development mission area, has a portfolio of programs
designed to improve the economic stability of rural communities, businesses,
residents, farmers and ranchers and improve the quality of life in rural
America. USDA has made a concerted effort to deliver results for the American
people, even as the Department implements sequestration - the across-the-board
budget reductions mandated under terms of the Budget Control Act.

USDA has already undertaken historic efforts since 2009 to save more than $828
million in taxpayer funds through targeted, common-sense budget reductions.
These reductions have put USDA in a better position to carry out its mission,
while implementing sequester budget reductions in a fair manner that causes as
little disruption as possible.

#

For further information please visit: http://www.arkansas.gov/

LOAD-DATE: August 16, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             167 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                             National Mortgage News

                               February 17, 1992

WCRA Opens for Business

BYLINE: By GEORGIA STEELE, NMN Correspondent

SECTION: AFFORDABLE HOUSING; Pg. 17

LENGTH: 573 words

DATELINE: SEATTLE


The Washington Community Reinvestment Association, a nonprofit consortium of 37
financial institutions pooling $ 75 million to provide long-term financing for
affordable, low-income and multi-family rental housing in the state, is now
receiving loan applications.

Representatives of participating institutions met here recently to elect a board
of directors and officers, make committee appointments and recommend
underwriting guidelines.

Gerry Cameron, president and chief executive of U.S. Bank of Washington here,
and Timothy Tumpaugh, vice chairman of Seafirst Bank here, were elected chairman
and vice chairman.

They led the organization's development task force for the past year, along with
George Michal of Security Pacific Bank.

Judy Reed was elected WCRA president.  A former Community Reinvestment Act
officer at Security Pacific BAnk, Ms. Reed is well known to affordable housing
and neighborhood improvement groups for her work with nonprofits.

She also will serve as WCRA's senior loan officer.

The WCRA loan offering will include fixed-rate loans with 15-year maturities and
30-year amortization and below-market interest rates will be offered to enhance
long-term affordability.

WCRA staff also will work to combine Federal, state and local housing programs
with its own mortgage financing to simulate more affordable rental housing
production.

"Our ultimate objective is to increase the supply of housing units affordable to
households of low and moderate income in Washington state," Ms. Reed said.

WCRA also will focus on multifamily housing to accommodate group homes for the
mentally, emotionally or physically disabled, drug and alcohol dependents and
other populations defined as "special needs" groups.

It will not cover transitional or shelter housing at this early stage of
development, Ms. Reed said, but she indicated that it may in the future.

Research showed that the greatest need in Washington state was for permanent
housing with long-term financing, she said.

"We plan to sell our loan portfolio to the secondary mortgage market, which will
allow the $ 75 million loan pool to revolve and thereby provide a continuing
source of permanent financing at attractive interest rates."

Both nonprofit and for-profit housing development projects are eligible for WCRA
financing.

Funds also are available for rehabilitation and new construction as well as
refinancing of existing projects in order to preserve affordability.

The cost of operations is expected to be covered by fees for services.

"WCRA is na excellent example of the type of partnership effort needed
throughout the state and the country to help address the rising cost of housing,
" said Robert T. Parry, president of the Federal Reserve Bank of San Francisco,
which provided advisory and administrative assistance in creating the
consortium.

Organized as a nonprofit mortgage banking corporation, WCRA was proposed by the
Development Fund of California, a nonprofit organization based in San Francisco
and established in 1963 to develop innovative model programs in affordable
housing.

It pioneered the use of reverse mortgages and has studied successful loan
consortium models around the country.

WCRA was based upon models the Development Fund and the Federal Reserve Bank of
California founded in Hawaii and California.

The Development Fund is now active in setting up similar lending programs in
Nevada and Florida.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1992 National Thrift News, Inc.


                             168 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          Broomfield Enterprise, Colo.

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                             March 7, 2015 Saturday

Broomfield task force forming to get things moving on affordable housing

BYLINE: Megan Quinn, Broomfield Enterprise, Colo.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 873 words


March 07--A new task force in Broomfield aims to tap the power of community
collaboration -- and a little bit of faith -- to bring affordable housing
projects to town.

The Affordable Housing Task Force, led by pastor Debra Meyer, aims to bring
together the faith community, nonprofits, businesses and local government to
plan and build affordable and transitional housing for those who are homeless or
in danger of becoming homeless.

Though Broomfield is seeing a housing boom, especially multi-family housing
units, a 2012 report from the Broomfield Community Foundation found there still
is an urgent need for affordable and transitional housing for low-income,
homeless and at-risk residents.

Meyer, a pastor at The Refuge, said it is time for the faith community to pool
its resources and join the conversation to build housing for Broomfield's poor
and vulnerable.

The task force, which plans to meet within the next month, aims to create an
action plan for building more affordable housing options.

The task force was born out of a 44-person community meeting in February, where
members of numerous Broomfield churches met with civic leaders and charities.
Participants included pastors, Broomfield employees, representatives from Adams
12 school district, the Broomfield Crossing Rotary Club, A Precious Child, the
Broomfield Community Foundation and Broomfield FISH.

The group is "working together for the well-being of all our neighbors," Meyer
said.

It will take the efforts of people from all kinds of organizations to create
concrete plans for affordable housing for residents who might otherwise not be
able to afford to live in Broomfield.

Meyer believes faith communities are a big part of the ongoing conversation
about homelessness.

"We don't look to all the churches to do the same thing, but to create a
collaborative process to build connections and lend our strengths," she said.

In a dream-world example, she said, a church might donate land, then, an
organization such as Habitat for Humanity could direct the project. Local
nonprofits and faith-based organizations could rally volunteers, and places such
as A Precious Child and FISH could coordinate donations of food, furniture and
clothing for new tenants.

That dream could become a reality with the help of the task force, she said.

The task force, which is still being whittled down to about seven to 10 people,
will include faith leaders, representative from Broomfield government agencies,
nonprofits, businesses and community groups. Members likely will be chosen from
the 44 people who attended the meeting in February, but the group might reach
out to fill gaps if the task force is missing expertise in a key area, Meyer
said.

Since the project is brand-new, Meyer said she isn't sure how long the task
force will meet before a housing project breaks ground. Yet she wants to move
quickly to address a problem officials have mulled for years.

The Broomfield Community Foundation's Sweep Report -- a document published in
2012 that detailed Broomfield demographics, economic features and human services
-- highlighted an urgent need for more affordable housing options.

The average rent for a two-bedroom apartment in Broomfield at the start of the
year was $1,480, according to the Zillow Rent Index. One typical measurement of
housing affordability is if housing costs are less than 30 percent of a family's
income, according to Cheryl St. Clair, Broomfield Housing Program manager. So to
be able to afford $1,480, a family would need to net more than $4,900 a month.

Broomfield has several programs to help people with housing needs. Those include
the Tenant Based Rental Assistance Program, which provides rental assistance to
qualifying homeless or low-income families aiming for self-sufficiency. The
program, which is federally funded, provides help for 12 to 15 families at a
time.

Broomfield FISH also provides some rental and utility assistance, in addition to
offering food, financial counseling and job interview help.

But the city has a lack of transitional housing options to provide affordable
shelter while people get back on their feet, officials stated in the Sweep
Report.

In the years since the report was published, more housing has been or is being
built in Broomfield, but the projects were not designed as transitional or
low-income housing.

City Councilman Sam Taylor, who attended the community meeting last month, said
it is important for Broomfield to continue conversations about homelessness.

One major problem is the lack of awareness of what homelessness really looks
like, he said.

"People have said, 'oh, there's no homelessness in Broomfield," he said.

Homelessness doesn't always look like a person standing on a street corner with
a cardboard sign, he said. Many are families with children who are sleeping on
friends' couches or scraping together money to stay in a motel, he said.

"Homelessness and affordable housing is a problem everywhere, including
Broomfield," he said.

Megan Quinn: 303-410-2649, quinnm@broomfieldenterprise.com or
twitter.com/MeganQuinn2

___ (c)2015 the Broomfield Enterprise (Broomfield, Colo.) Visit the Broomfield
Enterprise (Broomfield, Colo.) at www.broomfieldenterprise.com Distributed by
Tribune Content Agency, LLC

LOAD-DATE: March 9, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20150307-1BE-Broomfield-task-force-forming-to-get-things-moving-on-affordable-
housing-0307-20150307

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1BE


                      Copyright 2015 Broomfield Enterprise


                             169 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                US Official News

                           November 5, 2015 Thursday

Washington: Merkley Presses for Fix to Rural Development Rental Assistance
Shortfall that Could Kick Low-Income Oregonians Out of their Homes

LENGTH: 498  words

DATELINE: Lahore



    Washington: Office of the Senator Jeff Merkley has issued the following news
release:



 Today, Oregon&rsquo;s Senator Jeff Merkley, the Ranking Member of the Senate
Agriculture Appropriations Subcommittee, brought a key Oregon witness, Tony
Chrisman, to testify before the panel on an impending rural housing disaster.
Specifically, the U.S. Department of Agriculture&rsquo;s (USDA) Rural
Development agency &ndash; due to a budget miscalculation &ndash; has stopped
paying its share of low-income tenants&rsquo; rent at thousands of rural
multi-family housing projects across America. This is placing the tenants at
risk of eviction and homelessness.





 Merkley is pressing for a solution to the problem immediately, before
low-income Oregonians and other Americans in rural communities face potentially
being kicked out of their homes.



 At the hearing, Merkley questioned the USDA about bipartisan legislative
language that was developed with USDA Rural Development&rsquo;s input to allow
the USDA to provide back payments to companies like Chrisman Development, and
was included in the recently enacted legislation to keep the government funded
into December. At today&rsquo;s hearing, USDA officials testified that they had
not yet acted to provide back payments and told the panel for the first time
that they now were not sure the the language in fact allow them to provide such
payments.



 To testify firsthand to the impacts of these shortfalls in rural communities,
Merkley brought Tony Chrisman, the Vice President of Enterprise-based Chrisman
Development, to DC to talk about what he is seeing on the ground. Chrisman has
25 years&rsquo; experience as a developer and property manager in Eastern
Oregon. He described the current situation as &ldquo;alarming&rdquo; and
testified that their company had received almost no notification about the
impending changes and the funding shortfall. Now, USDA has fallen behind in
rental assistance payments to their company, and low-income residents
potentially face dramatic rent increases that would almost certainly force
residents out of their homes.



 Chrisman testified to his company&rsquo;s lost revenue, the ripple effects on
the local economy, and his concern that extremely vulnerable low-income
residents could soon be forced out of their homes and potentially face
homelessness.



 Businesses and residents in communities across the country are facing similar
challenges.



     &ldquo;USDA&rsquo;s mismanagement of this program has forced businesses to
face closing their doors and threatens low-income Americans with being kicked
out of their homes and onto the streets,&rdquo; said Merkley. &ldquo;It is
inexplicable and wholly unacceptable. I will continue doing everything in my
power to fix this mess and to ensure that we have adequate funding to meet the
need for rural rental assistance going forward.&rdquo;



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: November 5, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

               Copyright2015Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             170 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                THE KOREA HERALD

                             April 29, 2005, Friday

[EDITORIAL]Rental housing plan

LENGTH: 429 words



The incumbent government's efforts to provide low-income people with affordable
housing are laudable, although the results remain to be seen. On Wednesday, it
unveiled a new plan to promote the construction of rental housing units for
people without their own homes. The comprehensive package differed from the
previous ones in that it was focused on securing rental housing units in areas
near city centers. This is a step in the right direction, given that one reason
for the failure of previous rental housing programs was that the units were
built in outer suburbs of cities. Housing for low-income people needs to be
built at sites close to their workplaces because they have no other means of
transportation than mass transit. To secure rental housing in areas near
downtown, the plan calls for buying existing multi-family housing units and
renting them to low-income families. This is a novel approach, given the
difficulty in securing large-scale housing lots in urban areas for construction
of new houses.

The problem with this approach, however, is that the number of rental housing
units which can be supplied this way is limited. The government said it would
supply a total of 50,000 units by 2015 this way. This represents a fraction of
its goal to provide 1.5 million rental housing units by 2012.

To supply more rental units near downtown areas, the government also plans to
rent 1,000 houses each year in the traditional "chonse" formula and make them
available to homeless families. This plan shows how desperate the government is
to secure rental housing in cities.

The package also calls for securing housing lots in urban areas by relocating
prisons, military bases, public parking lots and train depots. This scheme will
help the government increase the number of rental housing units available in
cities. But the scope of increase will not be great because available housing
lots are limited.  Realizing the limits they face, policymakers reportedly
decided to review their rental housing plans for adjustment after 2007. This is
a wise decision. The goal of having 1.5 million rental housing units built by
2012 was overly ambitious. If the government sticks to this unrealistic goal, it
will certainly cause unintended problems. Of the targeted 1.5 million units, the
private sector was supposed to account for 500,000 units, or 50,000 per year.
But last year, the number of rental units built by private companies stood at a
mere 11,000, far less than 78,000 in 1999. This is more proof that the
government's goal is hard to attain.


LOAD-DATE: April 28, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

Copyright 2005 The Korea Herald


                             171 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                             National Mortgage News

                                 March 8, 1993

FHLB Subsidizes AH

SECTION: AFFORDABLE HOUSING; Pg. 20

LENGTH: 118 words

DATELINE: PORTLAND, Ore.


Subsidies totaling nearly $ 200,000 from the Federal Home Loan Bank of Seattle
will ge to benefit affordable housing programs in two Oregon cities.

A subsidy of $ 90,000 will be used by U.S. Savings Bank to help the Southwest
Mental Health Network construct 30 multi-family rental unit in Portland for
low-income persons with mental illness.

The project will provide living space for those who can live independently with
support as well as for those who need more extensive help.

The subsidy will be used to reduce the principal on take-out financing.

A subsidy of $ 96,000 will go to help develop 32 units in La Grande as rental
housing for very low-income elderly and handicapped individuals.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1993 National Thrift News, Inc.


                             172 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            January 16, 2017 Monday

North Carolina: Asheville apartment report shows more units, but higher prices

LENGTH: 351  words

DATELINE: New York



 Raleigh: The City of Asheville, North Carolina has issued the following news
release:


 More than 30 multifamily rental properties are in development in Buncombe
County, a sign that the shortage of rentals could soon ease. But rents for many
Asheville-area apartment communities are trending toward an upscale market,
putting affordable housing out of reach for many of the city's economically
challenged residents.


 Those are the finds of a newly released Apartment Market Update for Asheville
and Buncombe County, prepared by Bowen National Research. Here is a link to the
report: Buncombe County Apartment Market Summary 2017.

 The City of Asheville contracted in 2014 with Bowen National Research to
complete a Regional Housing Needs Assessment, a report that was released in
early 2015. That assessment showed a near zero vacancy rate across the region in
both market-rate and affordable units and involved the analysis of detailed
economic, demographic and housing metrics that were used to assess the overall
housing market conditions and development opportunities of the region.

 In the two years since that data was released, Asheville and Buncombe County
have seen an increase in multi-family development, and therefore contracted with
Bowen National Research to do an update to the 2014 assessment. The focus of
this update is on Asheville and Buncombe County only. The update reports and
analyzes the latest multifamily rental housing data and trends, as well as
identifies multifamily product in the development pipeline. This analysis
enables City staff to assesses recent trends in the multifamily rental housing
market, with emphasis on changes in rents, vacancies and incentives (e.g. rent
concessions). It also allows staff to assesses improvements or declines in the
market since late 2014, and to identifies potential future market challenges
that might exist. This update does not include an assessment of recent economic
or demographic characteristics and trends.






 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: January 17, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2017 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             173 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            January 16, 2017 Monday

North Carolina: Asheville apartment report shows more units, but higher prices

LENGTH: 351  words

DATELINE: New York



 Raleigh: The City of Asheville, North Carolina has issued the following news
release:


 More than 30 multifamily rental properties are in development in Buncombe
County, a sign that the shortage of rentals could soon ease. But rents for many
Asheville-area apartment communities are trending toward an upscale market,
putting affordable housing out of reach for many of the city's economically
challenged residents.


 Those are the finds of a newly released Apartment Market Update for Asheville
and Buncombe County, prepared by Bowen National Research. Here is a link to the
report: Buncombe County Apartment Market Summary 2017.

 The City of Asheville contracted in 2014 with Bowen National Research to
complete a Regional Housing Needs Assessment, a report that was released in
early 2015. That assessment showed a near zero vacancy rate across the region in
both market-rate and affordable units and involved the analysis of detailed
economic, demographic and housing metrics that were used to assess the overall
housing market conditions and development opportunities of the region.

 In the two years since that data was released, Asheville and Buncombe County
have seen an increase in multi-family development, and therefore contracted with
Bowen National Research to do an update to the 2014 assessment. The focus of
this update is on Asheville and Buncombe County only. The update reports and
analyzes the latest multifamily rental housing data and trends, as well as
identifies multifamily product in the development pipeline. This analysis
enables City staff to assesses recent trends in the multifamily rental housing
market, with emphasis on changes in rents, vacancies and incentives (e.g. rent
concessions). It also allows staff to assesses improvements or declines in the
market since late 2014, and to identifies potential future market challenges
that might exist. This update does not include an assessment of recent economic
or demographic characteristics and trends.






 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: January 16, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2017 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             174 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            January 16, 2017 Monday

North Carolina: Asheville apartment report shows more units, but higher prices

LENGTH: 351  words

DATELINE: New York



 Raleigh: The City of Asheville, North Carolina has issued the following news
release:


 More than 30 multifamily rental properties are in development in Buncombe
County, a sign that the shortage of rentals could soon ease. But rents for many
Asheville-area apartment communities are trending toward an upscale market,
putting affordable housing out of reach for many of the city's economically
challenged residents.


 Those are the finds of a newly released Apartment Market Update for Asheville
and Buncombe County, prepared by Bowen National Research. Here is a link to the
report: Buncombe County Apartment Market Summary 2017.

 The City of Asheville contracted in 2014 with Bowen National Research to
complete a Regional Housing Needs Assessment, a report that was released in
early 2015. That assessment showed a near zero vacancy rate across the region in
both market-rate and affordable units and involved the analysis of detailed
economic, demographic and housing metrics that were used to assess the overall
housing market conditions and development opportunities of the region.

 In the two years since that data was released, Asheville and Buncombe County
have seen an increase in multi-family development, and therefore contracted with
Bowen National Research to do an update to the 2014 assessment. The focus of
this update is on Asheville and Buncombe County only. The update reports and
analyzes the latest multifamily rental housing data and trends, as well as
identifies multifamily product in the development pipeline. This analysis
enables City staff to assesses recent trends in the multifamily rental housing
market, with emphasis on changes in rents, vacancies and incentives (e.g. rent
concessions). It also allows staff to assesses improvements or declines in the
market since late 2014, and to identifies potential future market challenges
that might exist. This update does not include an assessment of recent economic
or demographic characteristics and trends.






 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: January 17, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2017 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             175 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                      Orange County Register (California)

                              May 5, 2011 Thursday

House project to help meet stated needs

BYLINE: Jim drummond, The Orange County Register

SECTION: YORBALINDA; Pg. C

LENGTH: 584 words


Anyone who has observed even one of this city's 24 elections for City Council
members knows a leading campaign issue since incorporation in 1967 has been
housing density - with many residents rightly concerned about retaining Yorba
Linda's semi-rural heritage.

Now, with no vast stretches of land within city limits for new development and a
state mandate to identify locations for low-cost housing, a key issue is where
to put the 831 lower- and 412 moderate-income units noted as "needs" in a June
2010 city report.

The council, in a 2009 5-0 vote, identified 13 sites for potential 10-, 20- and
30-units-per-acre zoning, 11 on the westside and two in Savi Ranch, but voters
defeated a plan to allow 30 units per acre on one of the Savi Ranch sites in a
Measure B vote last year.

Measure B requires a public vote on major land use changes, including rezoning
that would allow more than 10 units per acre. The Savi Ranch proposal lost by
197 votes. A majority of westside voters favored the density boost, but
eastsiders were opposed.

Fortunately, not all 1,243 lower- and moderate-income units need be new
construction, according to a recent report by city Housing and Redevelopment
Manager Pam Stoker.

Up to 25 percent, or 207 of the 831 low-income units, can include rehabilitated
rental housing, preservation of "at risk" housing and the conversion of existing
multi-family housing into affordable units through covenants, under a "committed
assistance" plan.

The city already has rehabilitated the 75-unit Linda Gardens Apartments on
Plumosa Drive into Villa Plumosa and is considering covenants on the 84 Villa
Pacifica senior apartments on Lemon Drive across from the fire station.

The remaining 48 units might be acquired from units for sale, including
foreclosures, in five of the city's existing condominium complexes, four
westside and one eastside, based on action at last week's special council
session.

A 5-0 council vote appropriates up to $9 million from Redevelopment Agency funds
to purchase no more than 48 units in five identified projects and "any other
condominium complex" that might "benefit" from "committed assistance."

The five designated complexes include The Hills off Via Lomas de Yorba, Yorba
Linda Village off Lakeview Avenue south of Yorba Linda Boulevard, Jamestown on
Valley View Avenue south of Imperial Highway, Lakeview Retirement off Lakeview
Avenue near Lemon Drive and Rancho Linda at Eureka Avenue and Yorba Linda
Boulevard.

Acquisitions would be handled by Evergreen Villas L.P., which administers the 28
units the city has purchased so far in the 52-unit senior condominium complex at
the Avocado Avenue intersection with Yorba Linda Boulevard.

After buying units, the Evergreen group will secure affordable covenants on
each, which would count toward meeting the state requirements for very low- or
low-income housing.

"As is being done with units acquired in the Evergreen Villas complex, the
developer rehabilitates the unit with the necessary improvements and repairs,
markets the unit as a rental property to a qualified low-income household and
agrees to manage the unit as an affordable property in perpetuity," Stoker's
report explained.

Previously, the city and Yorba Linda Water District agreed to cooperate on
developing the vacated district headquarters on Plumosa Drive for more low-cost
westside housing.

Jim Drummond is a longtime Yorba Linda resident. He gives his opinion on local
issues weekly. Fax him at 714-704-3714 or send email to jimdrummond@hotmail.com

LOAD-DATE: May 6, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE:  Story

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2011 Orange County Register
                              All Rights Reserved


                             176 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

             October 30, 2003 Thursday Five Star Late Lift Edition

APARTMENT MARKET HERE LEADS NATION DESPITE RISE IN VACANCIES

BYLINE: Jack Naudi Of The Post-Dispatch

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. C1

LENGTH: 721 words


* From 2001 to 2002, the average rent rose to $595 a month from $583 in the St.
Louis market.

The St. Louis-area apartment market has long had a reputation for stability,
where wild swings in rents and vacancy levels are rare. Now, an annual survey
conducted by a local accounting firm offers fresh evidence to support that
point.

While the area vacancy rate rose in 2002, it remains lower than the rest of the
nation. Local landlords' profit margins fell, but rents barely budged.

"I think the real key (to the survey) is that St. Louis continues to outpace the
nation in the market, both in terms of occupancy and the amount of investments
that we're seeing in multi-family projects locally," said Bryan Keller, partner
in charge of the real-estate services group at Rubin, Brown, Gornstein & Co.,
based in Clayton.

For the last five years, RBG -- which also does business consulting -- has
surveyed the local apartment scene, along with other markets around the United
States. The 2002 survey was based on data from 25 states.

Over the five years, the average monthly rent in this area for non-subsidized
housing grew at single-digit rates annually. From 2001 to 2002, the average rent
rose to $595 a month from $583 in the St. Louis market, which includes the Metro
East. Vacancy rates grew to 12.8 percent from 5.8 percent, but they still lagged
the rest of the nation, where apartment vacancies hit 13.7 percent in 2002.

"We don't experience the significant booms when things get good, and we're
fortunate enough not to experience the big busts," Keller said.

Nationally, decreasing home-mortgage rates have taken a toll on the apartment
industry, he said. "Interest rates are so low, they're pulling renters into the
first-time home (buyers) market," he said.

That has especially been true in western St. Louis County and in St. Charles
County, said Stan McCurdy, a partner at MLP Investments, a real-estate
development company in Frontenac. Residential development in those areas is
dominated by single-family-home subdivisions.

"I don't know that there's much demand to build (apartments in those areas)
anymore," McCurdy said. "With interest rates this low, people tend to purchase
when they can."

MLP is concentrating on "in-fill" projects: developments in older, established
communities, such as Kirkwood and Brentwood.

"It's definitely a lot more work than green field development opportunities,"
Land said. "In most cases, it's a lot more expensive. There's more demolition
and land assemblage."

But renters are flocking to such apartments and are willing to pay higher rents
for them.

"If it wasn't worthwhile, we and our friendly competitors wouldn't be doing it,"
Land said.

Also hot, said Keller, are renovations of historic properties in the city of St.
Louis, driven both by demand and by tax credits that help improve the bottom
line for developers.

"It's primarily single people and empty-nesters who are gobbling it up," Keller
said. "There's some good momentum at different price points."

The Metro East also could be due for a resurgence, Keller said, particularly in
and around O'Fallon, Ill.

In fact, Balke Brown Associates of St. Louis picked a 240-unit apartment project
there, Green Mount Lakes, for its first residential project in more than a
decade.

"The demographics are really good," said Don Land, senior vice president for
Balke Brown. "It's close to Scott Air Force Base, which is a huge employer. And
there were really no new, high-quality apartment properties in the area. We saw
it as underserved."

In a sign of changes in the broader apartment market, Balke Brown has started a
couple of other projects, including 200 new loft-style apartments on the old
Arena site near Forest Park.

"The commercial market has been very soft the last couple of years, and
residential has held its own," Land said. "It helps diversify the base of our
company, instead of just focusing on office and industrial."

Apartment developers, Keller said, are buoyed by relatively stable profit
margins in the St. Louis area. He expects that will continue, especially if
developers refrain from over-building.

"If you look at some of the five-year trends, the occupancy has remained very
strong in the St. Louis market, compared to the coasts," Keller said.

LOAD-DATE: October 31, 2003

LANGUAGE: English

NOTES: Reporter Jack Naudi:; E-mail: jnaudi@post-dispatch.com; Phone:
314-340-8223

GRAPHIC: PHOTO, GRAPHIC(3) Post-Dispatch Graphic/chart - Remaining stable
The St. Louis region has seen relatively stable apartment tents and vacancy
rates in recent years. The following statistics are for selected non-subsidized
multi-family housing projects in St. Louis, and other metropolitan areas.
Vacancy rates

...                 2000    2001    2002

St. Louis area        5.9%    5.8%    12.8%
Missouri             5.8     5.8     14.0
Other areas         13.4    12.2    13.7

Average Monthly rent
St. Louis area       $566    $583     $595
Missouri             565     583     600
Other areas          506     528     697

Square Feet per apartment
St. Louis area       881     855     822
Missouri             565     855     831
Other areas          932     937     929
Source: Rubin, Brown, Gornstein & Co. ; Color photos by ODELL MITCHELL JR. /
Post-Dispatch -; (1) Harry Frost (left), and Nathan Duncan, employees of
Independent Drywall Systems, work on an apartment at Green Mount Lakes
Apartments in O'Fallon, Ill., last week. Don Land, senior vice president for
Balke Brown Associates, the company developing the project, said, "It's close to
Scott Air Force Base, which is a huge employer. And there were really no new,
high-quality apartment properties in the area. We saw it as underserved."; (2)
Green Mount Lakes Apartments, under construction in O'Fallon, Ill., will have
240 units when complete.

                  Copyright 2003 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.


                             177 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                      Copyright 2016 Zoom Information Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                            Zoom Company Information

                                   July 2016

                              DOMO Consulting LLC

                             5309 Manor Lake Court
                              Rockville,  MD 20853
                                 United States

* * * * * * * * * * COMMUNICATIONS * * * * * * * * * *
TELEPHONE: (202) 731-6062
FAX: (301) 460-4790
URL: www.domoconsultingllc.com

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
EMPLOYEES: 12

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *

   DOMO Consulting LLC develops strategies for lenders and property owners that
focus on federal and government-assisted housing programs. He has in-depth
knowledge of the federal regulations required to run FHA's multi-family and
health care insurance programs, helping lenders successfully apply for licensing
under FHA and Ginnie Mae multi-family insurance programs. DOMO Consulting is
very familiar with the range of sources for capital and their requirements to
fund government-assisted housing. Areas of expertise include development and
financing applications for affordable rental housing using low-income housing
tax credits, agency and FHA financing programs, and tax-exempt bonds, advising
public housing authorities on mixed-income mixed-finance developments,
leveraging capital funds, and the use of various HUD programs.  DOMO Consulting
assists Housing Authorities with applications for HUD's new Rental Assistance
Demonstration Program (RAD), and serves as an advisor to HUD on RAD. DOMO
assists in lender due diligence as part of the process for approval under HUD
and Ginnie Mae's Multifamily Programs, and helps lenders with license
applications to issue that agency's Multifamily Mortgage Backed Securities
(MFMBS). The firm also conducts training in underwriting in preparation for
licensing under these federal government programs.  DOMO Consulting has worked
for the States of Louisiana and Mississippi on their recovery programs for the
thousands of rental units lost during Hurr

* * * * * * * * * * FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *

REVENUE: USD 2,400,000

LOAD-DATE: July 14, 2016


                             178 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                        Calgary Herald (Alberta, Canada)

                    August 14, 1993, Saturday, FINAL EDITION

LOCAL CONDO MARKET PICKING UP STEAM

BYLINE: MARTY HOPE

SECTION: HOMES; Pg. E6

LENGTH: 468 words


It still lags far behind Vancouver, Toronto and Edmonton, but Calgary's
condominium market could finally be picking up speed.

While estimates put the number of units in Calgary holding condo title at
somewhere between 30,000 and 32,000, comparatively few have actually been sold
as condos -- that is until the last six months.

For the last year, landlords have been losing tenants to home ownership in the
wake of two federal government housing incentives, but it hasn't been until the
last six months that a growing number of building owners have decided to pull
out of the rental market.

While some of the investor withdrawal was complete, others decided to convert
their rental units to condominiums.

Bob Kelly, who works the condo market for Coldwell Banker, said part of the
reason for the growing movement by owners to condos is to keep pace with what
the consumer wants -- affordability to match changing lifestyles.

"But the major motivation is in place to get out of rental -- capital gains are
not going to be there for them anymore," he said.

Along with an increasing number of conversions, the growing popularity of
condominiums is showing itself in the latest Canada Mortgage and Housing Corp.
construction figures.

During July, work started on 232 multi-family housing units, the vast majority
of which are aimed at the condo market. That total was an increase of 83 per
cent over June's total and 197 per cent higher than the activity levels of July
of last year.

"I continue to say that condos are an affordable alternative to single-family
homes. There are complexes scattered around the city of four to eight units that
are selling for $ 100,000 to $ 120,000," said CMHC's Calgary market analyst
David Peever.

Both Kelly and Peever agree that condos could finally be gaining recognition
among consumers.

"The condo market is coming right along. For a city of this size, to see 2,000
to 3,000 units would not be unreasonable -- but we're certainly not going to see
anything like that in the next few years," said Peever.

Kelly said he feels the city might be "on the edge" of major condominium
development that could even find its way to Calgary's suburbs in future decades.

In its monthly report, CMHC reported that total residential construction last
month reached 616 units, of which 384 were single-family detached homes. To date
this year, work has started on 3,343 housing units, almost 10 per cent below the
3,703 units built during the first seven months of last year.

After dropping to $ 167,890 in June, the average price of a single-family home
sold in July rebounded to $ 177,041. CMHC figures also showed that 32 per cent
of the sales were for homes priced at over $ 190,000. Another 50 per cent sold
for between $ 130,000 and $ 190,000.



LOAD-DATE: August 15, 1993

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

               Copyright 1993 CanWest Interactive, a division of
                      CanWest Global Communications Corp.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             179 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                  Long Island Business News (Long Island, NY)

                            November 23, 2001 Friday

Sheldrake Organization to sell off biz properties

BYLINE: Nick Anastasi

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 339 words


Citing its success in the low- income housing market, the Sheldrake Organization
is selling off the commercial portion of its real estate portfolio and has
tapped Syosset-based Insignia/ESG to market the Hempstead properties.

Sheldrake's commercial portfolio consists of 100,000 square feet of space that
includes retail, office and industrial space. It decided to sell after it became
comfortable with its transition from a commercial development firm to a
redeveloper of low-income multi-family housing.

Sheldrake Vice President Don Campbell said the company now targets the
acquisition and redevelopment of "distressed public housing authorities" in New
York.

According to Campbell, Sheldrake uses low-income housing tax credits, bonding
through local industrial development agencies, and private equity financing to
make the projects work.

All of Sheldrake's public-to-private projects have been located upstate, though
it has two low-income housing facilities in Hempstead. The company is currently
working on a 500-unit project in Mt. Vernon, where it is investing $70,000 per
unit.

"We revamp and then go after Section 8 vouchers to raise rents without
increasing the tenant share," Campbell explained. Overall, Sheldrake owns and
manages 3,000 apartment units, with about 200 located on Long Island.

According to Insignia/ESG officials, Sheldrake's focus is multi-family holdings,
and the commercial facilities it plans to divest were diverting attention from
those core interests.

"All of the facilities are in good condition," said Edward Fitzsimons, who is
leading the team handling the property, along with fellow brokers Kelly Koukou
and Dan Oliver. "There is a big upside to the portfolio because ownership hasn't
focused on it."

The properties consist of 60,000 square feet of retail space made up of 11
facilities ranging in size from 2,500 to 10,500 square feet. It also includes a
24,000-square-foot office facility that is 66 percent occupied and a vacant
16,000-square-foot warehouse.

LOAD-DATE: May 26, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: General news

                      Copyright 2001 Dolan Media Newswires
                                All Rights Reserved


                             180 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            September 9, 2016 Friday

California: League-Sponsored Bond Agency Issues $39.7 Million in Tax-Exempt
Bonds for Affordable Housing Apartments in Rancho Mission Viejo

LENGTH: 488  words

DATELINE: New York



 Sacramento: League of California Cities, The State of California has issued the
followin news release:



   Some of the most significant benefits of League membership for cities since
1988 have flowed from the League's co-sponsorship of the California Statewide
Communities Development Authority (CSCDA).





 This program provides a variety of public agencies and developers access to
low-cost, tax-exempt financing and economic development tools. CSCDA recently
issued $39,700,000 in tax-exempt multi-family affordable housing bonds for
Sendero Bluffs and Esencia Norte Apartments in Rancho Mission Viejo.



 About Sendero Bluffs Apartments



 Sendero Bluffs Apartments is the new construction of 107 affordable housing
units by Western National Group (WNG). The benefits of the project for the
Orange County include the following:



     100 percent of the affordable rental housing units will be rent restricted
for low-income senior tenants;

     The project will bring new economic vibrancy to the area; and

     The project consists of 87 one-bedroom units, 19 two-bedroom units, and one
manager's unit.



 CSCDA and WNG partnered with Citibank to provide $17,700,000 in tax-exempt
multi-family affordable housing bonds for the project. The financing for the
project requires the affordability of units for low-income senior tenants to be
maintained for 55 years.



 About Esencia Norte Apartments



 Esencia Norte Apartments is the new construction of 112 affordable housing
units by WNG. The benefits of the project for Orange County include the
following:



     100 percent of the affordable rental housing units will be rent restricted
for low-income tenants;

     The project will bring new economic vibrancy to the area; and

     The project features 20 one-bedroom units, 57 two-bedroom units, 34
three-bedroom units, and one manager's unit.



 CSCDA and WNG partnered with Citibank to provide $22,000,000 in tax-exempt
multi-family affordable housing bonds for the project. The financing for the
project requires the affordability of units for low-income tenants to be
maintained for 55 years.



 Background



 CSCDA is a joint powers authority created in 1988 and is sponsored by the
League of California Cities® and the California State Association of Counties.
It was created by cities and counties for cities and counties. More than 500
cities, counties and special districts are program participants in CSCDA, which
serves as their conduit issuer and provides access to efficiently finance
locally-approved projects. CSCDA has issued more than $50 billion in tax exempt
bonds for projects that provide a public benefit by creating jobs, affordable
housing, healthcare, infrastructure, schools and other fundamental services.
Visit CSCDA's website for additional information on the ways in which CSCDA can
help your city.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content please contact:
editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: September 10, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             181 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            December 20, 2013 Friday

New York: Governor Cuomo Announces More Than $23 Million to Build and Preserve
More Than 600 Units of Affordable Housing

LENGTH: 1287  words

DATELINE: Albany


Office of The Governor, The State of New York has issued the following news
release:

Governor Andrew M. Cuomo today announced 10 awards totaling $23.7 million to
create or preserve high quality affordable housing and spur economic growth in
regions around the state, awarded through New York State Homes and Community
Renewal (HCR).

"Expanding the availability of affordable housing is an essential part of our
mission to make New York's communities stronger and healthier," Governor Cuomo
said. "This round of grant funding supports New Yorkers in need, providing homes
for veterans, low-income families, the developmentally disabled, and individuals
living with HIV/AIDS. These shovel-ready projects will bring high-quality
housing to regions across the state and ultimately improve the lives of
thousands of New Yorkers statewide."

These projects are aligned with the administration's ground-up approach to state
investment which prioritizes statewide affordable housing goals that are also
regionally significant. In conjunction with last week's Regional Economic
Development Council Awards announcement, the awarded projects meet the stated
goals by providing supportive housing, homes for veterans, and affordable units
that meet public housing and housing opportunity goals. The projects also meet
the state's goal to preserve critical Mitchell-Lama and rural housing stock.

Darryl C. Towns, Commissioner/CEO of HCR said, "The awards announced today
advance some of the Governor's most important policy goals - supportive housing
for veterans, preservation of Mitchell-Lama and rural housing, along with
economic revitalization. Show us what you want to build. Show us how it's going
to help New Yorkers in very specific ways. And show us that you can deliver
projects on time and on-budget - that's what these awards are about. By April
2014, these projects will start construction. These awards are further evidence
that together we can quickly and efficiently make a difference for families and
our entire state."

Awardees competed for funds through HCR's Early Award competition, a
single-source process to apply for different streams of funding for multi-family
rental projects. As part of an expedited application and review process,
submissions of projects were evaluated based on clearly defined criteria,
including that they advance one or more of the state's housing goals and are
project-ready, with construction or rehab required to begin within 120 days of
the award.

Project applicants submitted requests for one or more of the following funding
programs: 9% Low Income Housing Tax Credits; State Low Income Housing Tax
Credits; Low Income Housing Trust Fund; HOME; Urban Initiatives; Rural Area
Revitalization Projects; and the Community Investment Fund.

The Early Award Round for 2013 reinforces the State's housing goals, including:


RURAL PRESERVATION

Fox Apartments (Village of Union Springs, Cayuga County, Central New York
Region): $960,000 investment to preserve 32 affordable units, for seniors and
two households with a member with a physical disability or traumatic brain
injury. The project will generate more than $1.6 million in economic activity.


PUBLIC HOUSING

Liberty Gardens 3 Revitalization (City of Rome, Oneida County, Mohawk Valley
Region): $1.2 million investment to build and preserve 52 units, revitalizing
public housing while driving $13.5 million in economic activity. The project is
the third phase in the redevelopment and modernization of 180 units of public
housing that will improve insulation, replace kitchens and bathrooms and make
energy-efficient upgrades.


MIXED INCOME/MIXED USE REVITALIZATION

Sheridan Hollow Village (City of Albany, Albany County, Capital Region): $3.6
million investment to create 57 rental units in 17 buildings as part of an
effort to transform the Sheridan Hollow Neighborhood into a mixed-income,
mixed-use sustainable community with affordable homeownership, quality rental
housing, retail and commercial investments, streetscape improvements, enhanced
public safety, and public park restoration. The project will spur $14.7 million
in economic activity.


HOUSING OPPORTUNITIES

Biltmore Crossing 2013 (Town of Horseheads, Chemung County, Southern Tier
Region): $2.9 million investment to create 56 affordable housing units and a
separate clubhouse building with a community room, exercise room, a computer
room and laundry facilities. The energy-efficient project includes a
handicap-accessible playground and patio area to encourage community living and
engagement and will spur $10.4 million in economic activity.


VETERANS HOUSING

Concern Ronkonkoma Veterans Housing (Town of Brookhaven, Suffolk County, Long
Island Region): $1.2 million investment to create 59 units for veterans in eight
townhouse-style buildings in Lake Ronkonkoma. On-site social services will be
provided to help 30 veterans transition to independent living, with community
resources providing vocational services and health care support. The project
will drive $23 million in economic opportunity.


MITCHELL LAMA PRESERVATION

Woodrow Townhomes LLC (City of Amsterdam, Montgomery County, Mohawk Valley
Region): $3.5 million investment to preserve 100 units of Mitchell-Lama housing
stock. Energy-efficient upgrades will yield a 20% reduction in energy use. The
project is expected to produce $19.1 million in economic activity.


SUPPORTIVE HOUSING FOR THE DEVELOPMENTALLY DISABLED

Whipple Apartments (East Williamsburg, Kings County, New York City Region): $1.3
million investment to create 51 low-income and supportive housing units to
advance both Housing Opportunity and Supportive Housing goals. Eight units are
set-aside for adults with developmental disabilities referred by the State's
Office of People with Developmental Disabilities (OPWDD), which will provide the
necessary funding to support operations and services at the facility. The
project will produce $14.9 million in economic opportunity.
    Cohoes-Lion Heart Residences (City of Cohoes, Albany County, Capital
Region): $3.4 million investment to build 72 new low-income and supportive
housing units for people with developmental disabilities. On-site support
services include job training and placement and training for caregivers. OPWDD
will provide funding for support services and rental assistance, as well as $1.8
million to support operations and services at the facility. The project will
meet Green Building and Energy-Efficient Initiatives and will drive $15.9
million of economic activity.
    Independence Square (City of Newburgh, Orange County, Mid-Hudson Region):
$2.4 million investment to create 74 affordable housing units. The project
provides workforce housing alongside 14 supportive housing units for people with
developmental disabilities. Counseling, case management, and rental assistance
will be provided for the OPWDD clients, along with $1.6 million from OPWDD to
support operations and services at the facility. The project is designed to
drive $16.8 million in economic activity and to meet Green Building and Energy
Efficiency Initiatives.
    Monarch Senior Living (Town of Webster, Monroe County, Finger Lakes Region):
$2.9 million investment to create 50 affordable housing units for seniors and
people with developmental disabilities. OPWDD will provide support services
rental assistance, as well as $1.11 million to support operations and services
for the 10 units serving people with developmental disabilities. Support
services will include vocational opportunities and training and access to
physical and wellness activities. The project will inject $10.8 million into
local economies.

For further information please visit: http://www.governor.ny.gov/

LOAD-DATE: December 23, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             182 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                       The News & Advance, Lynchburg, Va.

                            October 2, 2005, Sunday

Do zoning laws affect housing?

BYLINE: By Conor Reilly

LENGTH: 811 words



Local zoning laws rarely occupy the thoughts of most people.

But they are powerful measures that impact who can live in your neighborhood,
the taxes you pay and the traffic you deal with.

That's illustrated in what some call "exclusionary zoning," a problem older
Virginia cities are now trying to combat.

The term is used to describe zoning laws that can, in effect, preserve a
particular area for the affluent by requiring large lots -- and therefore more
expensive homes -- for residential development.

"It means virtually all the low-income housing in the region is located in the
core city," said David Goldberg, spokesman for a national coalition called Smart
Growth America.

Some counties surrounding Lynchburg have zoning ordinances that, in some
districts, require three-acre lots for a single house. Even some of the
"lower-density" zones make it illegal to build more than one home on an acre of
land.

"What we're finding is the cities continue to shoulder the major responsibility
for providing affordable housing," said Neal Barber, executive director of
Virginia First Cities, a group representing the interests of 15 older city
governments in the state.

Barber said disproportionate numbers of low-income residents put a strain on
already skimpy city budgets, which are paying more than surrounding counties for
things such as social services.

It's clear that it is more expensive to own a home in the counties versus the
city. The 2000 census puts the median value of owner-occupied homes in Lynchburg
at $ 85,300, lower than Bedford County, Campbell County and Amherst County, and
just slightly higher than Appomattox County.

In Bedford County, the median value is $ 127,000, higher than the state average.

Bedford County Planning Director Philip Thompson admits that zoning might play a
role in the area's lack of affordable housing.

"I would say we don't have a lot," he said. "We're probably trying to look for
ways to increase the amount of affordable housing. There's really not a lot of
townhouses or apartment complexes."

One way to do that is to change zoning provisions.

For example, Thompson said, some localities require developers to build a
certain percentage of affordable homes in a subdivision or development. If a
project calls for 100 homes, the local government can require that 15 percent of
those be "affordable."

Affordable housing means a homeowner or renter is paying less than 30 percent of
their total income on their rent or mortgage, according to the U.S. Department
of Housing and Urban Development definition.

Lynchburg Community Development Planner Nicole Gilkeson said that the city has a
higher percentage of people are living beyond their means than in the counties.

She is quick to point out that it might not simply be zoning that accounts for
the problem.

Lower-income individuals might decide to live in the city because of a superior
public transit system or better social services, she said.

Barber, with Virginia First Cities, researched how many houses -- both rental
and owner-occupied -- were financed by the Virginia Housing and Development
Authority, which provides assistance to low-income people.

The data shows that in Lynchburg, there are 15.8 multi-family rental vouchers
for every 1,000 residents. That's almost triple the number in Bedford County.
Campbell County actually has zero multi-family rental vouchers for every 1,000
residents.

For single-family homes, Lynchburg has 17.3 vouchers per 1,000 people, Barber
said. Bedford has only 4.2, while Campbell has 8.4.

For total multi-family homes, Lynchburg has 31.9 vouchers for 1,000 residents.
Campbell has 9.9, while Bedford has 4.2, Barber said.

Campbell County Planning Director Paul Harvey downplayed the effect zoning has
on affordable housing in his locality.

"I don't see the two things being related," he said. "I think the affordability
of the housing is a market issue. The price of the house and the land is
determined by the free market."

Pinpointing the exact reasons cities bear more of the brunt of low-income
housing is difficult, because it is probably a variety of reasons.

Thompson, though, said it is import for localities to offer housing for all
incomes. It brings people -- schoolteachers, single moms, couples starting out,
police officers -- together.

"You make it more integrated," he said. "Certain things get a stereotype, but
they are part of the community."


-----

To see more of The News & Advance, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.newsadvance.com.

Copyright (c) 2005, The News & Advance, Lynchburg, Va.

Distributed by Knight Ridder/Tribune Business News.

For information on republishing this content, contact us at (800) 661-2511
(U.S.), (213) 237-4914 (worldwide), fax (213) 237-6515, or e-mail
reprints@krtinfo.com.

LOAD-DATE: October 7, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

KR-ACC-NO: LY-ZONING-LAWS-20051002

JOURNAL-CODE: LY

               Copyright 2005 Knight Ridder/Tribune Business News
               Copyright 2005 The News & Advance, Lynchburg, Va.


                             183 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        The Augusta Chronicle (Georgia)

                           September 17, 2013 Tuesday
                                  ALL EDITION

Request for Proposals

SECTION: LEGALS; Pg. D01

LENGTH: 308 words


Real Estate Developer for

New Affordable Housing

The Augusta Affordable Housing Corporation (AAHC) is seeking a company, firm, or
consulting team to develop new affordable and mixed-income housing to replace
the Cherry Tree Crossing public housing development in Augusta Georgia. Cherry
Tree Crossing is a 389 unit multi-family complex on a 29.82 acre site off
Fifteenth Street. A phased demolition/disposition plan will be developed to
allow for the new affordable, mixed-income housing on the existing site.

All submitters will be encouraged to attend a Pre-Submission Conference at 10:00
AM (local time) Thursday September 26, 2013. While attendance is not mandatory,
all proposers will be held responsible for any information given at the
conference.

The entity selected will be responsible for the majority of the development work
with limited involvement and assistance from the AAHC. Service provided by the
Developer and/or its team

members would include, but may not be limited to the following:

- Development of a Master Site Plan

- Obtaining all permits, approvals, and environmental clearances

- Architecture and Engineering Services

- Arrange financing and provide all required guarantees

- Site Preparation

- Infrastructure

- Construction

- Marketing and selling homeownership units, if any

- Marketing, renting, and managing rental units

Interested parties may download the RFQ from www.aahcorp.org or call (706)
312-3140 for additional information.

Proposers will be required to submit an original plus five additional copies of
the proposal for review no later than 4:00pm (local time) on Friday, October 11,
2013. The AAHC reserves the right to reject any and all submissions, to waive
informalities, and minor irregularities in submissions received and to accept
any submission deemed to be in its best interest.

September 10, 17, 2013

Ad# 16102036

LOAD-DATE: September 18, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2013 Southeastern Newspapers Corporation
                              All Rights Reserved


                             184 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        The Augusta Chronicle (Georgia)

                           September 10, 2013 Tuesday
                                  ALL EDITION

Request for Proposals

SECTION: LEGALS; Pg. D01

LENGTH: 308 words


Real Estate Developer for

New Affordable Housing

The Augusta Affordable Housing Corporation (AAHC) is seeking a company, firm, or
consulting team to develop new affordable and mixed-income housing to replace
the Cherry Tree Crossing public housing development in Augusta Georgia. Cherry
Tree Crossing is a 389 unit multi-family complex on a 29.82 acre site off
Fifteenth Street. A phased demolition/disposition plan will be developed to
allow for the new affordable, mixed-income housing on the existing site.

All submitters will be encouraged to attend a Pre-Submission Conference at 10:00
AM (local time) Thursday September 26, 2013. While attendance is not mandatory,
all proposers will be held responsible for any information given at the
conference.

The entity selected will be responsible for the majority of the development work
with limited involvement and assistance from the AAHC. Service provided by the
Developer and/or its team

members would include, but may not be limited to the following:

- Development of a Master Site Plan

- Obtaining all permits, approvals, and environmental clearances

- Architecture and Engineering Services

- Arrange financing and provide all required guarantees

- Site Preparation

- Infrastructure

- Construction

- Marketing and selling homeownership units, if any

- Marketing, renting, and managing rental units

Interested parties may download the RFQ from www.aahcorp.org or call (706)
312-3140 for additional information.

Proposers will be required to submit an original plus five additional copies of
the proposal for review no later than 4:00pm (local time) on Friday, October 11,
2013. The AAHC reserves the right to reject any and all submissions, to waive
informalities, and minor irregularities in submissions received and to accept
any submission deemed to be in its best interest.

September 10, 17, 2013

Ad# 16102036

LOAD-DATE: September 12, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2013 Southeastern Newspapers Corporation
                              All Rights Reserved


                             185 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        The Augusta Chronicle (Georgia)

                          September 25, 2008 Thursday
                                  ALL EDITION

Request for Proposals

SECTION: LEGALS; Pg. O08

LENGTH: 303 words


Real Estate Developer for

New Affordable Housing

The Augusta Affordable Housing Corporation (AAHC) is seeking a company, firm or
consulting team to develop new affordable housing to replace the Underwood Homes
public housing development in Augusta Georgia. Underwood Homes is a 250 unit
multi-family complex on a 30 acre site adjacent to the Savannah River located
off Sand Bar Ferry Road. A phased demolition/disposition plan will be developed
to allow for the new affordable, mixed-income housing on the existing site.

All submitters will be encouraged to attend a Pre-Submission Conference 10:00 AM
Thursday, October 9, 2008. While attendance is not mandatory, all proposers will
be held responsible for any information given at the conference.

The entity selected will be responsible for the majority of the development
work, with limited involvement and assistance from the AAHC. Service provided by
the Developer and/or its team members would include, but may not be limited to
the following:

"Development of a Master Site Plan

"Obtaining all permits, approvals and environmental clearances

"Architecture and Engineering Services

"Arrange financing and provide all required guarantees

"Site Preparation

"Infrastructure

"Construction

"Marketing and selling homeownership units, if any

"Marketing, renting and managing rental units

Interested parties may download the RFQ from www.aahcorp.org, or call (706)
312-3140 for additional information.

Proposers will be required to submit an original and five copies of the proposal
for review no later than 4:00pm (local time) on Friday, October 24, 2008. The
AAHC reserves the right to reject any and all submissions, to waive
informalities and minor irregularities in submissions received, and to accept
any submission deemed to be in its best interest.

Sept. 25, 2008 Adv. # 13311987

LOAD-DATE: September 26, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2008 Southeastern Newspapers Corporation
                              All Rights Reserved


                             186 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                  New Orleans City Business (New Orleans, LA)

                              June 17, 2013 Monday

Controversial West Bank complex in Gretna has new owner

BYLINE: Jessica Gonzalez

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 416  words


A Dallas developer who spent millions to reopen two controversial apartment
complexes in Gretna has been forced to let them go through a bankruptcy sale.

Florida developer Michael Mann purchased the two properties, The Pines of Gretna
I & II, last week for $5.25 million from Howard Gyler last week.

The complexes on Holmes Boulevard, formerly known as Riverchase, were at the
center of a post-Hurricane Katrina affordable housing debate in Jefferson
Parish.

Gyler announced after acquiring the properties in May 2007 that he would accept
Section 8 vouchers, although he wasn't required to accept government subsidized
renters because he had financed his purchase privately.

Councilman Chris Roberts voiced serious concerns about adding more "clustered"
multifamily housing in the West Bank and opposed adding more Section 8 renters,
citing abuses in the program by "criminals and drug dealers. " He said at the
time the properties were best left to deteriorate so that they could be
demolished.

The two contiguous apartment complexes comprise 143 one- and two-bedroom units,
which are currently 75 percent occupied. Mann said there are plans to spend
$150,000 on immediate renovations to the properties.

According to Mann, about 20 percent of Pines tenants receive Section 8 vouchers.

Gyler, who owned the properties under the entity B-G&G Investments, downplayed
the bankruptcy sale and said the sale was prompted by the company's decision to
exit the New Orleans rental market.

"We're exiting due to a lack of appreciation in rents," Gyler said. "With the
structure of the New Orleans rental market and pricing, there's no way to make
any money.

According to the Spring 2013 Greater New Orleans Multi-Family Report, the West
Bank of Jefferson Parish reported decreases in average monthly rent but
increases in occupancy. The report placed the average monthly rent for a
one-bedroom apartment in Gretna, Harvey and Terrytown at $722 per month and $782
for a two-bedroom unit. The occupancy rate for the area is 95 percent.

"We believe that the West Bank is a good market," Mann said. "As long as you
provide quality housing, it will remain at a good rate. "

Mann's investment group also owns the SkyView Terrace Apartments in Algiers and
a complex in Baton Rouge. He said the group is interested in purchasing
additional multi-family housing in Orleans Parish.

http://www.neworleanscitybusiness.com/be-the-first-to-know/ Click here for more
from this resource.

© 2013 Dolan Media Newswires. All Rights Reserved.

LOAD-DATE: June 24, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: General news

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2013 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved


                             187 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                           March 31, 1993, Wednesday

NationsBank buys housing for poor 2,811-apartment deal brings quick praise from
city, county

BYLINE: By Jim King and Lyle V. Harris STAFF WRITERShousing; banking; finances;
sales; real/estate; development; neighborhoods

SECTION: LOCAL NEWS; Section C; Page 1

LENGTH: 733 words


NationsBank on Tuesday bought 2,811 affordable apartment units throughout metro
Atlanta and said it plans to rent them to low-and moderate-income people.

The banking company called the $ 22 million purchase of 11 apartment complexes
the largest affordable-housing investment in Atlanta's history.

The deal also includes a commitment to spend another $ 11.5 million
rehabilitating about 650 of the apartments that now are uninhabitable.

Charlotte-based NationsBank, the country's fourth largest banking company, plans
to announce the purchase today.

"One objective is to make affordable housing available and, to the extent that
it is possible, stabilize these neighborhoods," said Jim Lientz, president of
NationsBank of Georgia. "The other is to earn an appropriate return on our
investment, which then will allow us to put more money back in the community."

The deal drew quick praise.

Scott Carlson, Atlanta's housing commissioner, said it would bring the city
closer to its goal of creating about 4,300 units of multi-family affordable
housing units before the 1996 Olympics. There are about 50,000 low-and
moderate-income households in Atlanta that need affordable housing.

"This provides us a major acceleration of our pre-Olympic goals," said Mr.
Carlson. "I hope other lenders would examine this transaction and work with [the
organizers] to provide financing for more projects like this."

Michael Lomax, chairman of the Fulton County Commission also praised
NationsBank, which had come under fire last year when it decided to close a
branch in a black neighborhood.

"It's a bold and innovative as well as a compassionate effort on their part," he
said. "I also hope it will be good business for them."

Key players

NationsBank Community Development Corp., a subsidiary of the banking company,
and the Atlanta Neighborhood Development Partnership Inc. (ANDP) purchased the
apartment complexes from the Federal Home Mortgage Corp. (Freddie Mac).

ANDP, a non-profit group that works with for-profit corporations to redevelop
Atlanta neighborhoods, contributed $ 500,000 to the purchase, with the
NationsBank unit picking up the rest of the tab.

Officials at Freddie Mac, a congressionally chartered agency that purchases
mortgages, said the deal marked the biggest bulk sale of multi- family units
that it has ever made.

NationsBank officials said the deal eventually would prove profitable, but that
any money earned will be recycled into similar projects. They said the
corporation's earnings would not be enhanced by the management of the
apartments.

But Hattie Dorsey-Hudson, executive director of the ANDP, said she wouldn't mind
if the company and its shareholders benefited financially from the deal.

"There is nothing wrong with a company making a profit off of something like
this," she said. "In fact, this should be an enticement for other companies to
do the same thing. The lesson here is that this is good business."

Details of plan

Three of the apartment complexes are within the city of Atlanta and have a total
of 1,206 units. However, 410 of them are uninhabitable. Three other complexes in
College Park have 768 units, 136 of which can't be rented right now.

NationsBank officials said rehabilitating the rundown apartments will take about
15 months. Residents of units that need fewer repairs will not be displaced.

Rent increases at some complexes may be necessary after the units are renovated,
the officials said, but should be minimal.

They added that at least three of the complexes need relatively little repair
and will produce an income stream necessary to help prop up the problem sites
until they also become profitable.

"Look around here, this is a city that has a tremendous need for affordable
housing that is not being met," said Dennis Rash, president of the banking
company's Community Development Corp. He toured the Overlook Atlanta Apartments
Tuesday, which has 512 units, about 20 percent of which are unlivable.

While many of the units there are occupied, none of the apartments has air
conditioning. Mr. Rash said that will be taken care of by July. And the
complex's playground, which has run down swing sets and glass scattered about
the ground, will be modernized.

In addition, Mr. Rash said the bank and ANDP will work to promote community
activities at the sites, which may include such features as day care.

LOAD-DATE: April 1, 1993

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH930910128

GRAPHIC: Color Photo: On the scene: Jim Grauley of NationsBank looks over one of
the apartments at the Overlook complex, which has 512 units. / RENEE HANNANS /
Staff Photo: Michael Lomax Chart and Map: Property.........................Units
1. April Ridge Apartments........100 2. Cedarwood Apartments..........212 3.
Charlestown Townhouses........220 4. Chestnut Ridge Apartments.....364 5.
Country Manor Apartments......100 6. Glen Hollow Apartments........352 7.
Hampshire House Apartments....175 8. Overlook Atlanta Apartments...512 9. Park
Place Apartments.........330 10. Pine Crossing Apartments.....336 11. Ridgecrest
Townhouses........110 Total: ..........................2,811

                    Copyright 1993 The Atlanta Constitution


                             188 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                             National Mortgage News

                                November 6, 1989

FNMA, MBA Join to Provide Low-, Moderate-Income Units

SECTION: MORTGAGE BANKING; Pg. 17

LENGTH: 375 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


The Federal National Mortgage Association and the Mortgage Bankers Association
are joining in an effort that could provide an additional 4,000 low- and
moderate-income rental units.

Under the terms of the two-year initiative, Fannie Mae has committed $ 100
million in funding, and MBA will provide technical assistance and leadership in
putting projects together.

The program, which will be targeted to five geographically dispersed but
yet-to-be-named cities, is designed as a model "to show what can be done in our
industry," the new MBA president, Ronnie Joe Wynn told a press conference at his
group's annual convention here.

Fannie Mae looks at the joint initiative as "an important and creative expansion
of our participation in public/private partnerships to finance affordable
housing," said Dale Riordan, executive vice president for marketing.

The effort "is a major commitment on our part," added Larry Dale, senior vice
president of multi-family finance and housing initiatives, who noted that while
the company has participated in such partnerships on a deal-by-deal basis in the
past, it has is no formal or on-going program.

Over and above its monetary commmitment, Fannie Mae also will waive or reduce
certain loan application fees and purchase at least some loans at yields that
are 25 basis points below those normally required.

The lower yield will have only a "minimal" effect on rental rates, Mr. Riordan
conceded.

"But that's not the true measure.  We're trying to say that this is important
enough that, in addition to setting aside considerable money and staff time,
here's another incentive."

Fannie Mae also will endeavor to provide commitments in advance of construction
on selected projects.

Besides new construction, loans will be made on substantial rehabilitations and
projects funded, in part, through low-income housing tax credits or tax exempt
bonds.

Mr. Wynn called the program "a first step" in the MBA's effort to "try to set an
example of the things that can be done by private industry."

The MBA, through immediate past president Willard Gourley, will work with
mortgage bankers in the selected cities to put the projects together with
developers, community groups and government agencies.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1989 National Thrift News, Inc.


                             189 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                     July 7, 1984, Saturday, Final Edition

Cooperatives Lose Bid For Financing Assistance

BYLINE: By Wendy Swallow, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: Real Estate; E1

LENGTH: 674 words


Lobbyists for the cooperative housing industry were disappointed last week when
a four-year effort to convice Congress to extend the benefits of the mortgage
revenue bond program to co-ops for low- and moderate-income buyers failed again.

Tax legislation adopted in 1980; updated in 1982 and renewed by Congress last
week allows localities to raise funds by issuing tax-exempt bonds, and then to
lend the money to first-time home buyers.  Although this money is available for
individual share loans for co-op buyers, program regulations have effectively
excluded use of tax-exempt financing for co-op "blanket" loans -- those used to
buy co-op buildings.

"When the mortgage revenue bond legislation was first adopted, Congress made it
clear they meant to include co-ops.  But because co-ops are a different animal
from either the single-family home or the multi-family rental property, it fell
between the cracks," said Matt Slepin, until recently vice president for housing
with the Co-op League, a national lobbying and information group that
represented the interests of various kinds of co-operative associations.

Slepin said that because of the way the mortgage revenue bond regulations are
written, not a single blanket loan has been financed since the program began.
He said that despite adjustments made to the program in 1982, there are still
too many administrative barriers; and that with a number of localities
expressing an interest in financing lower-income co-op housing through the
program -- particularly since Section 8 housing funds have largely dried up --
his group decided to push for changes again this year.

From the Co-op League's perspective, however, it was a bad year for attempting
to get beneficial technical changes in regulations dealing with such a
little-understood entity as co-ops.

"I think that what happened was that the proposed wasn't given a lot of
attention and instead got lost in the shuffle," said Barbara Thompson, housing
development director for the league.  "We never sensed any strong opposition,"
though some members were apparently unclear about its impact, she said.

The proposal pushed on Capitol Hill by the league and other co-op lobbyists,
said Slepin, would have allowed use of mortgage revenue funds for blanket
financing of limited-entity co-ops, those that preserve long-term affordability
by restricting resale prices.  Slepin said that approximately 10 percent of all
co-ops are limited-equity, with many of those limiting resales to the original
membership price adjusted for inflation plus capital contributions to the unit
or building.

The proposal was to allow the blanket loans for these co-ops to be financed
under the regulations for multi-family, tax-exempt housing revenue provided by
industrial revenue bonds, but to limit the amount of tax-exempt funds going for
blanket co-op loans by including them in state volume caps under the mortgage
revenue bond program.

The lobbyists were successful in getting the provision included as an amendment
to the mortgage revenue bond extension legislation, which was part of the
voluminous tax bill.  It was introduced by Rep. James M. Shannon (D-Mass.) and
passed by the House of Representatives, but only with a rider that watered down
the benefits of the provision.

That rider, proposed by Rep. Sam M. Gibbons (D-Fla.), passed the House Ways and
Means Committee by a vote of 11 to 10.  Directed at people buying units in
co-ops financed through the mortgage revenue bond program, the rider would have
taken away the traditional tax benefits of homeownership, including mortgage
interest deductions, effectively making the program useless except for
relatively low-income co-op owners.

The Senate did not pass any sort of provision for extending the program to
blanket loans on limited-equity co-ops, and the House version was dropped when
the tax bill went to conference.

Thompson said her group would push the changes again next year, though probably
as part of a broader tax reform package.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 1984 The Washington Post


                             190 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           September 10, 2013 Tuesday

Massachusetts: Construction Advisor

LENGTH: 1263  words

DATELINE: Boston


Department of Administration and Finance, The State of Massachusetts has issued
the following news release:

Duties:

Conduct technical assessments of local housing authority maintenance systems and
practices, and where necessary, provide technical assistance to improve the
effectiveness and efficiency of a local housing authority maintenance program in
order to improve overall property conditions. This would include a review of the
operating budget for maintenance expenditures and staffing levels. Duties
include the inspection of state funded and subsidized housing, the preparation
of reports, follow-up of inspections and assistance to the Director of
Facilities Management. Conduct trainings to management and maintenance staff of
local housing authorities to ensure the highest possible performance and
professionalism. Duties also include assistance to local housing authorities in
utilizing the Capital Planning System (CPS) to track the condition of the
state-supported public housing portfolio and to use that information to create
and implement Capital Improvement Plans (CIP), in conjunction with day-to-day
operations.


1. Inspections, follow-up inspections and audit inspections:
A. Perform in accordance with Sanitary Code, Building Code, Fire Prevention
Regulations, Department of Housing and Community Development (DHCD) Property
Maintenance Guide and other pertinent laws and regulations.
B. Inspect 12-24 units/day in multi-family buildings and 8-16 units/day in small
multi-family or scattered sites. Inspections include common areas. The number of
inspections is determined by the size and complexity of the common area to be
inspected, the condition of the property inspected, amount of time necessary to
be spent with owners/managers and tenants, and travel time. Perform follow-up
inspections to ensure implementation and/or compliance with recommendations made
by the Facilities Management specialists Unit.
C. Perform routine audits on local housing authorities to confirm compliance
with annual unit inspection requirements.
D. Assist in inspecting and documenting work to be completed to re-occupy vacant
units. Assist local housing authorities in prioritizing vacancies for optimal
occupancy. Perform routine audits of maintenance progress and efficiency in
complying with turnover policies in a timely manner.
E. Perform annual Section 8 New Construction Substantial Rehab inspections to
ensure that local housing authorities are in compliance with the program
requirements.
F. Provide inspection services and technical assistance to Local Housing
Authorities (LHA) prior to U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development
(HUD) Real Estate Assessment Center (REAC) inspections to ensure compliance with
Housing Quality Standards (HQS).

2. Reports and Summaries:
A. Prepare reports of all inspections and summaries of each building, property,
authority or other grouping as directed; complete within seven (7) days of
inspection.
B. Identify urgency of fail items and assign high-low-no priorities to units,
properties or other grouping as directed.
C. Edit the checklists and reports prepared by the Facilities Management
Specialists.
D. Complete other reports as directed.

3. Work Order Review:
A. Work with local housing authorities in reviewing their work order systems and
making recommendations for
efficiencies and proper documentation of work orders.
B. Ensure tenant requests are performed in a timely manner.
C. Ensure routine maintenance functions are documented and in compliance with
the DHCD Property Maintenance Guide.

4. Preventive Maintenance:
A. Assist local housing authorities with the creation and implementation of
preventive maintenance plans to best maintain the physical asset.
B. To the extent possible during routine inspections, identify areas for
improvement in maintenance quality, service and economies.
C. Report (as inspection comments) ineffective or wasteful maintenance, repair
or rehabilitation practices.
D. Help on-site manager or maintenance personnel identify sources of maintenance
problems and possible solutions within the scope of Facilities Management
Specialist's experience.
E. Investigate reports of problems, including researching pertinent codes or
practices.

5. Capital Planning System (CPS) and Capital Improvement Plan (CIP):
A. Assist LHAs in utilizing the Capital Planning System (CPS) and assuring that
uniform standards are followed in assessing component conditions, and that CPS
information is updated, when necessary.
B. Provide technical assistance to local housing authorities with the
development of their Capital Improvement Plan (CIP) through the CIP Field
Assistance Program.

6. Resource:
A. Be a resource, or "technical representative" of the unit for owners,
authorities, non-profit agencies, managers, maintenance staff and inspectors
employed by others in matters of DHCD inspections and laws, regulations and
procedures.
B. Assist in maintaining a DHCD inspection unit library of laws, regulations and
other publications and information necessary to the operation, competence and
professionalism of the inspection unit.

7. Curb Appeal Site Visits: (Driving by properties to view curb appeal and
general condition of property)
A. Perform curb appeal visit to identify priorities for conducting inspections
and audits. When appropriate, do a walk-around.
B. Complete curb appeal reports and have ready for filing within one week.

8. Work with Inspection Coordinator and Director of Facilities Management
A. Assist Director of Facilities Management in preparing timely reports and
summaries, maintaining good files and library, and other projects as necessary.

B. Assist Director of Facilities Management in special projects as directed.
C. Assist Director of Facilities Management in training local housing authority
maintenance staff and employees on the inspection process.

9. Create and implement training programs to increase local housing authority
capacity in maintenance and management daily operation:
A. Prepare training materials
B. Conduct training sessions
C. Provide follow-up to ensure compliance with maintenance systems and
protocols.

10. Meetings - Attend and actively participate in meetings.

11. Professional Development - Attend and actively participate in trainings and
certification programs on specific topics, as well as on the job training.

12. Other related duties as assigned.

Qualifications:

Applicants must have at least (A) five years of full-time or equivalent
part-time, technical experience in the construction, inspection and/or
alteration of building construction projects or (B) any equivalent combination
of the required experience and the substitutions below.
Preferred Qualifications:

LICENSE AND/OR CERTIFICATION REQUIREMENTS:
Massachusetts driver's license and Construction Supervisor license or other
related construction or inspection certification of qualification from a
reputable and industry recognized trade group or from a government entity.

QUALIFICATIONS REQUIRED AT HIRE:
o Knowledge of: State Sanitary Code, Fire Prevention Regulations, State Building
Code, DHCD Property Maintenance Guide, other pertinent laws and regulations and
DHCD inspection programs, procedures and forms.
o Knowledge of building components and materials, building and site construction
and maintenance practices.
o Managerial and supervisory skills.
o Experience that includes increasing responsibility in property maintenance,
facilities management, construction, inspection and management or supervision.

For further information please visit: http://www.mass.gov/anf

LOAD-DATE: September 11, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             191 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            September 9, 2013 Monday

Massachusetts: Construction Advisor

LENGTH: 1263  words

DATELINE: Boston


Department of Administration and Finance, The State of Massachusetts has issued
the following news release:

Duties:

Conduct technical assessments of local housing authority maintenance systems and
practices, and where necessary, provide technical assistance to improve the
effectiveness and efficiency of a local housing authority maintenance program in
order to improve overall property conditions. This would include a review of the
operating budget for maintenance expenditures and staffing levels. Duties
include the inspection of state funded and subsidized housing, the preparation
of reports, follow-up of inspections and assistance to the Director of
Facilities Management. Conduct trainings to management and maintenance staff of
local housing authorities to ensure the highest possible performance and
professionalism. Duties also include assistance to local housing authorities in
utilizing the Capital Planning System (CPS) to track the condition of the
state-supported public housing portfolio and to use that information to create
and implement Capital Improvement Plans (CIP), in conjunction with day-to-day
operations.


1. Inspections, follow-up inspections and audit inspections:
A. Perform in accordance with Sanitary Code, Building Code, Fire Prevention
Regulations, Department of Housing and Community Development (DHCD) Property
Maintenance Guide and other pertinent laws and regulations.
B. Inspect 12-24 units/day in multi-family buildings and 8-16 units/day in small
multi-family or scattered sites. Inspections include common areas. The number of
inspections is determined by the size and complexity of the common area to be
inspected, the condition of the property inspected, amount of time necessary to
be spent with owners/managers and tenants, and travel time. Perform follow-up
inspections to ensure implementation and/or compliance with recommendations made
by the Facilities Management specialists Unit.
C. Perform routine audits on local housing authorities to confirm compliance
with annual unit inspection requirements.
D. Assist in inspecting and documenting work to be completed to re-occupy vacant
units. Assist local housing authorities in prioritizing vacancies for optimal
occupancy. Perform routine audits of maintenance progress and efficiency in
complying with turnover policies in a timely manner.
E. Perform annual Section 8 New Construction Substantial Rehab inspections to
ensure that local housing authorities are in compliance with the program
requirements.
F. Provide inspection services and technical assistance to Local Housing
Authorities (LHA) prior to U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development
(HUD) Real Estate Assessment Center (REAC) inspections to ensure compliance with
Housing Quality Standards (HQS).

2. Reports and Summaries:
A. Prepare reports of all inspections and summaries of each building, property,
authority or other grouping as directed; complete within seven (7) days of
inspection.
B. Identify urgency of fail items and assign high-low-no priorities to units,
properties or other grouping as directed.
C. Edit the checklists and reports prepared by the Facilities Management
Specialists.
D. Complete other reports as directed.

3. Work Order Review:
A. Work with local housing authorities in reviewing their work order systems and
making recommendations for
efficiencies and proper documentation of work orders.
B. Ensure tenant requests are performed in a timely manner.
C. Ensure routine maintenance functions are documented and in compliance with
the DHCD Property Maintenance Guide.

4. Preventive Maintenance:
A. Assist local housing authorities with the creation and implementation of
preventive maintenance plans to best maintain the physical asset.
B. To the extent possible during routine inspections, identify areas for
improvement in maintenance quality, service and economies.
C. Report (as inspection comments) ineffective or wasteful maintenance, repair
or rehabilitation practices.
D. Help on-site manager or maintenance personnel identify sources of maintenance
problems and possible solutions within the scope of Facilities Management
Specialist's experience.
E. Investigate reports of problems, including researching pertinent codes or
practices.

5. Capital Planning System (CPS) and Capital Improvement Plan (CIP):
A. Assist LHAs in utilizing the Capital Planning System (CPS) and assuring that
uniform standards are followed in assessing component conditions, and that CPS
information is updated, when necessary.
B. Provide technical assistance to local housing authorities with the
development of their Capital Improvement Plan (CIP) through the CIP Field
Assistance Program.

6. Resource:
A. Be a resource, or "technical representative" of the unit for owners,
authorities, non-profit agencies, managers, maintenance staff and inspectors
employed by others in matters of DHCD inspections and laws, regulations and
procedures.
B. Assist in maintaining a DHCD inspection unit library of laws, regulations and
other publications and information necessary to the operation, competence and
professionalism of the inspection unit.

7. Curb Appeal Site Visits: (Driving by properties to view curb appeal and
general condition of property)
A. Perform curb appeal visit to identify priorities for conducting inspections
and audits. When appropriate, do a walk-around.
B. Complete curb appeal reports and have ready for filing within one week.

8. Work with Inspection Coordinator and Director of Facilities Management
A. Assist Director of Facilities Management in preparing timely reports and
summaries, maintaining good files and library, and other projects as necessary.

B. Assist Director of Facilities Management in special projects as directed.
C. Assist Director of Facilities Management in training local housing authority
maintenance staff and employees on the inspection process.

9. Create and implement training programs to increase local housing authority
capacity in maintenance and management daily operation:
A. Prepare training materials
B. Conduct training sessions
C. Provide follow-up to ensure compliance with maintenance systems and
protocols.

10. Meetings - Attend and actively participate in meetings.

11. Professional Development - Attend and actively participate in trainings and
certification programs on specific topics, as well as on the job training.

12. Other related duties as assigned.

Qualifications:

Applicants must have at least (A) five years of full-time or equivalent
part-time, technical experience in the construction, inspection and/or
alteration of building construction projects or (B) any equivalent combination
of the required experience and the substitutions below.
Preferred Qualifications:

LICENSE AND/OR CERTIFICATION REQUIREMENTS:
Massachusetts driver's license and Construction Supervisor license or other
related construction or inspection certification of qualification from a
reputable and industry recognized trade group or from a government entity.

QUALIFICATIONS REQUIRED AT HIRE:
o Knowledge of: State Sanitary Code, Fire Prevention Regulations, State Building
Code, DHCD Property Maintenance Guide, other pertinent laws and regulations and
DHCD inspection programs, procedures and forms.
o Knowledge of building components and materials, building and site construction
and maintenance practices.
o Managerial and supervisory skills.
o Experience that includes increasing responsibility in property maintenance,
facilities management, construction, inspection and management or supervision.

For further information please visit: http://www.mass.gov/anf

LOAD-DATE: September 10, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             192 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                   November 9, 1991, Saturday, Final Edition

A Dozen Popular Tax Breaks Appear Likely to Expire at Year's End

Eric Pianin, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: FIRST SECTION; PAGE A6

LENGTH: 629 words


By ruling out action on a tax package this year, Congress and the White House
also have chosen to allow 12 popular tax breaks to expire, including one that
subsidizes 25 percent of low-income rental housing under construction.

"It's insane to let a program like this lapse," said Paul S. Grogan, president
of the Local Initiatives Support Corporation, a nonprofit group that relies on
the Low Income Housing Tax Credit to attract construction capital. "If we can
get out of here alive this year it will be a real victory."

Stuart E. Eizenstat, a former Carter administration official who represents the
Council on Research and Technology, said Congress will be sending "a terrible
signal to high-tech companies" during tough economic times if it allows a tax
credit for research and development to lapse.

House Ways and Means Committee Chairman Dan Rostenkowski (D-Ill.) said recently
he is opposed to trying to push through an extension of the credits in the
waning days of the congressional session.

"We couldn't get it done this year, but that doesn't mean we can't do it next
year and make it retroactive," Rostenkowski said.

Rep. Thomas J. Downey (D-N.Y.), a member of the Ways and Means Committee and a
supporter of the housing tax credit, agreed there is little interest within the
committee in trying to pass reauthorizing legislation this year.

"If I were betting, I'd say they will not be taken up this year."

The dozen, diverse tax credits create a $ 2 billion a year drain on the
Treasury. In the past, proponents of the credits generally traveled in a pack,
seemingly finding political strength in unity.

Although Congress was unwilling to give the tax breaks permanent status within
the tax code, it extended the credits from year to year as riders to other tax
legislation. Tax writers called them "extenders."

But this year, the extenders have been set adrift, with no tax bill to cling to
and with no revenue source to keep them going. Under the pay-as-you-go
provisions of last year's budget agreement, all tax breaks must be offset with
revenue increases or reductions in spending.

Even if Congress could come up with the additional funds to pay for some or all
of these credits, Rostenkowski and Senate Finance Committee Chairman Lloyd
Bentsen (D-Tex.) say they are unwilling to send a minor tax bill to the floor
this year that might quickly be loaded up with other, more costly tax proposals.

Among the other extenders facing an uncertain future are incentives for
businesses that employ disadvantaged workers; for promotion of solar or
geothermal energy; for employer-provided educational and legal assistance; and
for production of drugs to treat rare diseases. There is also a provision
allowing self-employed people to deduct 25 percent of their health-insurance
costs.

Rep. Byron L. Dorgan (D-N.D.), a champion of the health-insurance provision,
said he is confident Congress will extend the tax breaks. "But the question is
when."

Nearly 230 members of the House wrote Rostenkowski last month warning that
desperately needed affordable housing would be lost were the low-income housing
tax credit and a mortgage revenue bond program to expire Dec. 31.

The housing tax credit has been touted by supporters as the most important
federal incentive for the production and rehabilitation of low-income rental
housing. For example, the 61,200 units financed with 1990 tax credit allocations
equaled 25 percent of the 240,000 low-income multi-family rental construction
starts that year.

Grogan said any interruption in the program -- even a brief one -- would
jeopardize many of the 120,000 units of housing in various stages of planning
for 1992.

"Unlike other extenders, housing is very sensitive to interruptions," he said.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

SERIES: Occasional

TYPE: NATIONAL NEWS

                       Copyright 1991 The Washington Post


                             193 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              Daily the Pak Banker

                          December 22, 2010 Wednesday

Twelve Nonprofit Community Development Groups Named as Recipients of the MetLife
Foundation Community Development Initiative

LENGTH: 569  words

DATELINE: Karachi


Karachi, Dec. 22 -- MetLife Foundation today announced that it is awarding
$500,000 among 12 nonprofit community development groups in Boston, Chicago, Los
Angeles, New York City and the San Francisco Bay Area as part of its 2010
Community Development Initiative. The organizations are being recognized for
leadership and excellence in implementing affordable housing and economic
development activities that increase access and opportunity in diverse
lower-income neighborhoods. The groups received grants of up to $50,000 each.
Since 2009, MetLife Foundation has awarded $1 million through the Community
Development Initiative.

"Community development organizations play a critical role in building livable
neighborhoods," said Dennis White, president and CEO of MetLife Foundation. "We
are pleased to recognize these organizations for their affordable housing and
economic development initiatives which will help meet growing needs and build
opportunity and hope."

The recipients of the 2010 MetLife Foundation Community Development Initiative
are:

* Asian Community Development Corporation (Boston, Mass.) for its Comprehensive
Housing Opportunities program, which provides financial literacy and home buying
education and counseling services to clients whose primary languages are
Cantonese and Mandarin.

* Beyond Shelter (Los Angeles, Calif.) for Career Link Collaborative, an
initiative to help unemployed South Central Los Angeles residents obtain and
maintain living-wage careers.

* Bickerdike Redevelopment Corporation (Chicago, Ill.) for its Sustainable
Affordable Housing Preservation and Restoration initiative, including a focus on
affordable rental housing.

* Chinatown Community Development Center (San Francisco, Calif.) to provide
green affordable housing in the Chinatown, North Beach, Russian Hill and
Tenderloin neighborhoods.

* Codman Square Neighborhood Development Corporation (Dorchester, Mass.) for
expansion of transit-oriented development along the Fairmount commuter rail
line, as well as financial counseling and foreclosure prevention.

* East Bay Asian Local Development Corporation (Oakland, Calif.) for its
Volunteer Income Tax Assistance (VITA) program for low-income residents of
Alameda and Contra Costa Counties.

* Fifth Avenue Committee (Brooklyn, N.Y.) for its affordable housing, workforce,
and economic development program in South Brooklyn.

* Greater Southwest Development Corporation (Chicago, Ill.) for the Southwest
REACH Center, a no-cost one-stop resource to help families build their financial
future.

* LTSC Community Development Corporation (Los Angeles, Calif.) for its
Affordable Housing Collaborative, through which LTSC partners with other groups
to build multi-family housing.

* Northern Manhattan Improvement Corporation (New York City, N.Y.), for
technical assistance and training for residents of tenant-controlled buildings
in Washington Heights and Inwood.

* Nuestra Communidad Development Corporation (Roxbury, Mass.) for the
Partnership for Greening Blue Hill Avenue, a collaboration with YouthBuild
Boston to weatherize housing along a major transit corridor.

* Women's Housing and Economic Development Corporation (Bronx, N.Y.) for its
Home-based Childcare Program. Published by HT Syndication with permission from
Daily Pak Banker. For any query with respect to this article or any other
content requirement, please contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: December 22, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2010 Right Vision News
                              All Rights Reserved


                             194 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

            Copyright (c) 1986 The Virginia Tax Review Association.
                              Virginia Tax Review

                                  WINTER, 1986

                               5 Va. Tax Rev. 497

LENGTH: 11495 words

NOTE & COMMENT: MULTI-FAMILY HOUSING BONDS: CAN THE TAX CODE PROVIDE AN
EFFICIENT AND EFFECTIVE LOW-INCOME HOUSING PROGRAM?

NAME: Stuart C. Johnson

LEXISNEXIS SUMMARY:
 ...  Whereas in previous years all bonds issued by a governmental entity were
tax exempt, the proposed regulations would have denied exemption to certain
issuances that failed to meet a prescribed "public purpose" test. ...  The
rationale for these requirements is that the public purpose associated with
federal housing programs is most prevalent in those projects that serve
lower-income individuals. ...  Thus, although there was plenty of evidence on
and debate over the proper target of this tax expenditure, there was very little
discussion of how to accomplish this targeting to maximize the tax expenditure's
public purpose. ...  Some critics suggest this figure should be raised to ensure
that a substantial public purpose is in fact being served by this tax
expenditure. ...  Consistent with the President's plan, this proposal would
reduce the tax rate structure by broadening the tax base to include bonds with
only a limited public purpose. ... This country has long recognized that decent
housing for low-income citizens is a national priority, so low-income-housing
programs serve a substantial public purpose. ...  Such an approach, however, is
only valid when closely tied to the underlying public purpose and when more
direct options for meeting the goal are unavailable. ...

TEXT:
 [*497]  I.  INTRODUCTION

   The federal government's low-income housing policy over the past thirty-five
years has sought to provide a "decent home and a suitable living environment for
every American family."  n1 In furtherance of this goal Congress has created a
variety of different programs involving both direct and indirect subsidies.  n2
Section 103(b)(4)(A) of the Internal Revenue Code  n3 is an indirect subsidy
currently under legislative examination.  n4 This program or subsidy allows
states and localities to issue tax-exempt revenue bonds (also called industrial
development bonds (IDBs))  n5 to finance the construction of certain specified
multi-family housing projects.  n6 Section 103(b)(4)(A) came under scrutiny when
President Reagan's  [*498]  tax reform proposal advocated eliminating these
tax-exempt bonds completely.  n7

   The debate over the tax-exempt status of multi-family rental housing IDBs
highlights an increasingly common problem of legislative choice: in a time of
shrinking federal expenditures, should Congress address social problems with
indirect tax subsidies?  This note attempts to answer that question as it
relates specifically to section 103(b)(4)(A).  This note concludes that Congress
should address such a social problem with an indirect subsidy only when Congress
cannot provide a direct subsidy and focuses the indirect subsidy directly at the
problem.  to reach this conclusion, this note first presents an historical
analysis of the section.  This analysis examines Congressional intent behind the
tax exemption for multi-family rental housing bonds to determine whether
Congress intended the exemption to benefit only low-income persons seeking
housing.  Part II discusses the technical requirements of section 103(b)(4)(A).
With this background, the note discusses criticisms of federal tax exemption for
housing and presents defenses against the criticisms.  This note then analyzes
the alternatives to federal indirect tax subsidies for housing.  Finally, the
note concludes Congress should preserve section 103(b)(4)(A).

   II.  HISTORICAL ANALYSIS

   The federal government through the income tax laws has provided an exemption
for interest on bonds issued "by or on behalf of" states and localities since
1913 when the first income tax was enacted.  n8 Although states and localities
first took advantage of this exception by issuing general obligation bonds,  n9
they later issued revenue bonds  n10 to help finance  [*499]  private business
activities.  The Internal Revenue Service explicitly legitimized this practice
in 1954.  n11

   Before the 1960's, the volume of tax-exempt bonds to finance private
activities  n12 was relatively small.  n13 The volume of tax-exempt issuances
began to increase as states and localities recognized that by issuing revenue
bonds they shifted risk to bondholders and cost to federal taxpayers.  n14 In
response to this trend, the Service proposed new regulations governing the
tax-exempt status of revenue bonds.  n15 Whereas in previous years all bonds
issued by a governmental entity were tax exempt, the proposed regulations would
have denied exemption to certain issuances that failed to meet a prescribed
"public purpose" test.  n16 In response to the concerns that prompted the
Service regulation initiative, Congress, in the Revenue and Expenditure Control
Act of 1968 ("1968 Act"),  n17 statutorily addressed the matter.  This Act
advanced the general rule  n18 that IDBs are taxable unless the Code
specifically provides an exemption.  n19 One of the exceptions to the general
rule recognized in the 1968 Act was for bonds issued to construct "residential
real property for  [*500]  family units."  n20 Congress exempted these bonds
from taxation because of the public benefit derived from mechanisms that help
citizens to live in decent, affordable housing.  n21 Society benefits from
housing mechanisms that serve to improve the "general welfare and security of
the Nation,"  n22 and thus housing, and instruments that enhance the country's
housing stock, have long been recognized as national priorities.  n23 The plain
meaning of the exemption allowed virtually any residential family development to
qualify for tax-exempt bond financing.  The legislative history of the exemption
in the 1968 Act contained no language restricting the exemption to a target
group.  n24 Thus, the 1968 legislation reflected a general interest in promoting
the goal of a "decent home for every American," but did not seek to target the
resulting federal subsidy towards any particular income group.

   Regulations promulgated in subsequent years faithfully reflected the
legislative intent of a general housing incentive tax expenditure.  The 1972
regulations  n25 broadly defined "family units" as nontransient accommodations,
excluding only structures such as roominghouses and hotels.  n26 There was no
requirement that the bond-financed housing be multi-family in nature or reserved
for any particular group in society.  n27 The recognized intent of the provision
was to provide "standard housing, either single or multi-family, and either
rental or owner-occupied."  n28

   In the late 1970s states and localities began to issue increasing numbers of
tax-exempt bonds to finance housing construction.  Three different factors
contributed to the increase: rising interest rates, interjurisdictional
competition, and a decline in direct federal expenditures in housing programs.
n29 Because of the rapid increase in the amount of housing bonds  [*501]  being
issued,  n30 and because reports of abuses began to surface in increasing
numbers,  n31 Congressional action ensued.  Legislation was introduced to place
considerable additional restrictions on the use of revenue bonds for housing.
n32 In particular, this bill specifically targeted bonds issued under section
103(b)(4)(A).  n33 The bill was enacted as the Mortgage Subsidy Bond Tax Act of
1980  n34 and required that bonds issued under section 103(b)(4)(A) be used, in
part, as a mechanism for providing housing for lower-income individuals.  n35 To
qualify to use the proceeds of a tax-exempt bond under the newly revised
section, the applicant builder must set aside twenty percent  n36 of the units
constructed using tax-exempt bond proceeds for persons of "low or moderate
income."  n37 The rationale for these requirements is that the public purpose
associated with federal housing programs is most prevalent in those projects
that serve lower-income individuals.  Persons in higher income brackets do not
need federal housing assistance (direct or indirect) to live in decent and
affordable housing.  n38 In a political climate where there are increased
demands on each dollar spent by the government, only those activities that serve
the  [*502]  most predominant public purpose should be financed, directly or
indirectly, by the government.  n39 Legislative history, however, does not
discuss why the twenty-percent figure was the appropriate percentage for
builders to set aside for "low or moderate income" persons.  n40 In fact,
Congress appears to have selected the figure in a fairly ad hoc fashion.  n41
Thus, although there was plenty of evidence on and debate over the proper target
of this tax expenditure, there was very little discussion of how to accomplish
this targeting to maximize the tax expenditure's public purpose.  n42 While
revising this section of the Code in 1984,  n43 Congress again did not focus on
the proper mechanism for targeting this tax expenditure.

   III.  SECTION 103(B)(4)(A) REQUIREMENTS

   Section 103(b)(4)(A) provides a tax exemption for IDBs for which
"substantially all" of the proceeds are used to finance "residential rental
property" that is "occupied by" individuals of "low or moderate income" for "a
statutory period."  n44 Each of the phrases in quotes has a distinct meaning
under current law and regulations.  n45 The "substantially all" requirement
means that at least ninety percent of the bond proceeds must be used for
multi-family rental housing financing.  n46 "Residential rental property" for
the purposes of this section includes properties that contain one or more
similarly constructed complete living facilities that are used on a nontransient
basis.  n47 A qualified project meets the "occupation" requirement if twenty
percent of the units of the project are occupied by individuals of low or
moderate income.  n48 An eligible "low- or moderate-income"  [*503]  tenant is
one who, at the time he commences occupancy of the unit, does not have an
adjusted income  n49 in excess of eighty percent of the gross median income for
the applicable area as established by the Department of Housing and Urban
Development (HUD).  n50 Significantly, the eighty percent of median area income
requirement need not be adjusted for family size.  n51 The statutory period
during which these conditions must be continuously met  n52 means, at a minimum,
the remaining term of the tax-exempt obligation, but may be extended until the
termination of a "qualified project period" if such a period goes beyond the
term of the obligation.  n53 Bonds issued under this section of the Code are not
subject to state bond volume limitations.  n54 Projects financed with bonds
issued under this section also continue to qualify for other significant tax
benefits, notably, ACRS deductions  n55 and investment tax credits.  n56

   IV.  CRITICISMS OF THE CURRENT TAX-EXEMPT BOND FINANCING PROVISIONS

   In spite of legislative initiatives to restrict the activities for which
tax-exempt bond financing is available, such financing for private purposes has
increased dramatically over the past several years.  In 1975, nongovernmental
bonds accounted for twenty-nine percent of the long-term tax-exempt bond market;
in 1984, these bonds accounted for over sixty percent of the same market.  n57
IDBs issued under section 103(b)(4)(A), as a subclass of this general type of
bond, experienced a similar growth pattern.  The dollar amount of bonds issued
under this program more than doubled over the same period.  n58 In fact,
tax-exempt bonds financed twenty-four percent of the multi-family housing
projects constructed in 1983-1984.  n59 The massive growth in IDB financing has
generated criticism  [*504]  of both tax exemption for bonds and section
103(b)(4)(A) in general.

   A.  Fiscal Criticisms

   Although legislative recognition of the tax-exempt status of such bonds does
not represent a direct expenditure by the federal government, it does represent
a "tax expenditure" in that the federal government is, in effect, giving up
revenues that it would otherwise be collecting if the bonds issued were taxable.
n60 The tax-exempt status of these bonds also draws capital away from other
taxable investment alternatives, thus decreasing the federal government's tax
collection even further.  n61 One study indicates that the present value of the
revenue loss to the federal government from the multi-family rental housing IDBs
issued during 1984 alone is $ 2 billion.  n62 In addition, the potential for
revenue loss from multi-family bonds is virtually unlimited, because this type
of bond is not subject to any state volume limitations.  n63

   The increase in the number of private purpose IDBs issued during the past
several years has increased the cost to state and local governments of financing
other, more traditional, governmental capital projects through tax-exempt
municipal bonds.  Because the total outstanding amount of tax-exempt bonds has
increased so dramatically, the interest rates that issuers have had to pay to
attract all buyers of tax-exempt bonds has increased.  n64 This is a direct cost
to states and municipalities of the increased numbers of private purpose IDBs
that have been issued.  Although an increased supply of tax-exempt bonds serves
to drive up the tax-exempt interest rate, the more indirect and potentially more
important resulting fiscal inefficiency can be explained by the concept of a
yield ratio.  A yield ratio, in this context, represents the relationship
between tax-exempt and taxable bond yields.  n65 For example, a yield ratio
[*505]  of .50 would represent a situation where tax-exempt bonds yield fifty
percent of the return on a comparable taxable bond.  A person in the
fifty-percent marginal tax bracket would be indifferent between tax-exempt and
taxable bond investments in a market with a yield ratio of .50.  A .50 yield
ratio would be "break-even" with respect to such an investor.  n66 As the market
yield ratio increases over the break-even ratio demanded by the average investor
in the tax-exempt market, the subsidy invested in the tax-exempt nature of the
bonds is increasingly captured by bond investors instead of by developers of
bond-financed projects.  n67 Assume that the market yield ratio, because of the
oversupply of tax-exempt bonds, is .80.  In this case, developers who utilize
tax-exempt bonds only enjoy a twenty-percent reduction in financing cost.  The
bonds that finance their project must pay eighty percent of the comparable yield
on taxable bonds.  However, investors in tax-exempt bonds enjoy the benefit of
the tax-exempt bonds that does not accrue to the developer.  A fifty-percent
marginal bracket investor receives a return that is thirty percent higher than
he would receive on a comparable taxable bond investment.  Thus, as the ratio of
tax-exempt to taxable bond yields increases, taxpayers in higher marginal tax
brackets find it more advantageous to invest in tax-exempt obligations, because
their after-tax yield from the tax-exempt obligation is higher than their yield
from a taxable obligation.  The higher yields that must be paid to the investor
on tax-exempt bonds generally represent a misallocation of a portion of the
subsidy involved in tax-exempt financing from the project being subsidized to
the bond investors.  n68 Thus, an increase in the interest rate that must be
paid on tax-exempt bonds not only directly increases the cost of financing
governmental projects, it also indirectly increases such a cost because a
portion of the advantage of the interest rate subsidy is being misdirected to
bond investors.  n69

    [*506]  B.  Efficiency Criticisms

   Tax-exempt bond financing is a less efficient means of accomplishing
governmental purposes than a direct subsidy.  This is particularly true in the
multi-family housing area, because of the structure of the tax-exempt program.
Congress supplies the tax-exempt feature to the project developer as a
production incentive which, in theory, serves to lower the rental costs of the
units in the project that is eventually built.  n70 However, the rental cost of
an apartment is generally determined by market forces.  There is no requirement
that the rental cost of housing built using tax-exempt bond financing be held to
a below-market level.  n71 In the absence of a particular requirement that
apartment rents be held to a certain level, developers tend to establish rents
for the apartments in a particular project at market levels.  n72 Thus, a
tax-exempt bond program aimed at the production side of the multi-family rental
housing market benefits low-income persons looking for housing only to the
extent that the increase in the supply of apartments tends to push average
rental prices down through the general operation of the marketplace.  n73 Even
if low-income tenants are benefited by a general decrease in the market rental
rate for housing, they are not the only ones who benefit.  All tenants, both low
and high income, gain the benefit of such a subsidy.  More importantly, by
exempting housing bonds from taxation, the government loses more in forgone
revenue than the developers gain in cost savings.  n74

    [*507]  C.  Criticisms Peculiar to Tax-Exempt IDBs Under Section
103(b)(4)(A)

   Fiscal and efficiency criticisms apply not only to multi-family rental
housing IDBs, but to all private purpose projects financed with tax-exempt bond
proceeds.  Such criticisms attack the supply-side  n75 tax incentive program
embodied in tax-exempt bond financing, instead of the particular incentive in
the multi-family housing arena.  As such, these criticisms in one form or
another are common to numerous analyses of tax-exempt financing.  n76 However,
several additional criticisms apply particularly to the subsidy embodied in
section 103(b)(4)(A) for multi-family rental housing.  These criticisms are of
two types: criticisms of the targeting of the particular subsidy, and criticisms
questioning the consistency of this production incentive approach with the type
of assistance currently needed by low-income persons.

   1.  Targeting Criticisms

   Currently, if a developer agrees to rent twenty percent of the units in a
project to persons of "low or moderate income," the project will qualify for
tax-exempt IDB financing under section 103(b)(4)(A).  n77 As discussed earlier,
Congress arrived at this twenty-percent set-aside figure in a fairly arbitrary
manner, with no real analysis undertaken as to whether the figure could be
higher to provide housing for more tenants at the lower end of the income scale.
n78 Some critics suggest this figure should be raised to ensure that a
substantial public purpose is in fact being served by this tax expenditure.  n79
More troubling is the current method of determining who qualifies as "low or
moderate income" within the meaning of the section.  The Code currently defines
a "low- or moderate-income" tenant as one who, at the time of occupying the
unit, does not have an adjusted gross income in excess of eighty percent of the
median area income for the applicable area.  n80 Median area income includes
both homeowners and renters as defined by HUD  n81 and the eighty-percent figure
is not adjusted for  [*508]  family size.  n82 This definition leads to
distorted results in terms of the types of persons who qualify as "low- or
moderate-income persons" under this Code section.  Because homeowners' incomes
are typically higher than renters' incomes, homeowners' incomes skew the
computation of median area income, resulting in a qualifying "low- or
moderate-income" figure that is substantially higher than the average renter's
income.  Further, because this figure is not adjusted for family size, single
people with relatively high individual incomes can fit the statutory
requirement.  n83 For example, a single tenant in the Atlanta area with an
income of $ 22,640 would qualify as a "low- or moderate-income" tenant and would
count towards fulfilling a project's twenty-percent requirement,  n84 even
though such a tenant should not fit anyone's definition of a needy recipient of
federal housing aid.  In contrast, a family of eight with a total income of $
23,000 in that same area would not qualify as "low or moderate income" under the
current definition.  n85

   In recent testimony before the House Ways and Means Committee, the General
Accounting Office (GAO) presented preliminary findings of a study of the
characteristics of renters in selected projects financed with tax-exempt
multi-family housing IDBs.  n86 The findings confirmed that developers who built
projects with such IDBs are taking full advantage of the loophole
characteristics of the current law discussed above.  GAO determined that, in the
fifty-five projects analyzed during the course of the study, an average of
fifty-five percent of the units in such projects were occupied by individuals
who fit the current statutory definition of "low-or moderate-income" tenants.
n87 Yet, the average income of these qualifying tenants was higher than the
national average for all renters,  n88 and the average family size for
qualifying tenants was lower than the national average for all renters.  n89 The
majority of the low- or moderate-income tenants in the projects in the study
were single and under twenty-eight years old.  n90 The GAO report concluded: "we
have found that multi-family rental housing projects constructed with tax exempt
bonds are . . . meeting the income criterion established by law.  However . . .
this criterion allows renters with above average income to qualify as low- or
[*509]  moderate-income tenants."  n91

   2.  Consistency Criticisms

   Over the years, federal housing assistance programs have strived to achieve
two different goals -- improvement of living conditions and reduction of the
housing-related expenses of those persons at the lower end of the income scale,
n92 -- to provide a "decent home and a suitable living environment for every
American family."  n93

   The success of the government in meeting these two goals has been markedly
different, mainly because of the nature of the programs Congress has enacted to
address America's housing problem.  While the quantity and quality of housing
available have improved dramatically in the last half century,  n94 housing
expenses for low-income persons have increased.  n95 Thus, the main housing
-related problem facing low-income persons in this country today is
affordability.  n96 Because section 103(b)(4)(A), as a supply-side housing
production incentive device, does nothing to address the problem of
affordability of housing for low-income persons (except indirectly through
market forces), it is ineffective in meeting the current need for affordable
rental housing.

   Current studies show that housing quality has improved dramatically over the
past several decades.  n97 Between 1940 and 1970, the proportion of housing
units that were physically dilapidated or that lacked complete plumbing
facilities declined from forty-nine percent to seven percent.  n98 Low-income
households have substantially shared in this overall improvement of housing
quality.  In 1950, fifty-seven percent of the poorest households in America were
living in units that were substandard, but by 1970 this percentage had dropped
to fourteen percent.  n99 Direct federal expenditure programs have played a
large part in this overall improvement in housing quality.  The bulk of the
federal government's direct expenditures  [*510]  in the housing arena has been
in production-oriented programs aimed specifically at the needs of lower-income
citizens.  n100 Thus, although there is still a need to improve housing
conditions for the very poorest members of our society,  n101 over the past
several decades our national housing policy has substantially improved housing
quality.

   While housing quality has been successfully improved by federal housing
programs, the cost of housing for low-income individuals, as a proportion of
total income, has grown.  Among tenants, the proportion of persons paying more
than twenty-five percent of their incomes for housing rose from thirty-two
percent in 1950 to fifty-one percent in 1979.  n102 As of 1977, over sixty
percent of all very low-income tenants  n103 and over twenty-five percent of
low-income renters  n104 were paying more than thirty percent of their income
for housing.  n105 This trend, coupled with the general improvement of housing
conditions, has led government officials -- including the President's Commission
on Housing  n106 -- to recognize that "the most common housing-related problem
facing lower-income families today is not substandard housing but high housing
-cost burdens.  n107

   In spite of this recognition by government policymakers, supply-side
incentive tax expenditure programs -- such as section 103(b)(4)(A) -- are the
mainstay of current governmental housing programs because of budget constraints.
n108 For example, although the rent supplement program under section 8 (the
"section 8 program")  n109 has successfully reduced  [*511]  housing cost
burdens for qualifying low-income households,  n110 the program is a small
portion of federal housing expenditures and serves only a small percentage of
low-income households.  n111 More importantly, federal budget cuts have
curtailed direct expenditure programs like section 8 while protecting
supply-side tax subsidies.  n112 For direct expenditure programs in 1986, budget
authority will be virtually zero.  n113

   V.  DEFENSES OF THE CURRENT TAX-EXEMPT BOND FINANCING PROGRAM

   Proponents of the current section 103(b)(4)(A) tax-exempt bond program focus
on the unavailability of alternative housing programs and the bond program's
production incentive effects as defenses for the current system.  These
proponents basically concede that tax-exempt bond financing is not the most
efficient or effective way to provide multi-family rental housing, but insist
that in the current political climate it is virtually "all that is left" to
serve this public need.  n114

   Although some proponents suggest that taxing IDBs may be unconstitutional,
most supporters concede the validity of such taxation,  n115 and  [*512]
therefore justify the current program with broader "public purpose" arguments
and practical political considerations.  Section 103(b)(4)(A) bond issuances
serve two public purposes.  First, such bonds help to provide, in an indirect
fashion, housing for needy persons in our society.  n116 Low-income housing
availability is not uniform throughout the country.  Since section 103(b)(4)(A)
requires local approval of bond issuances, states and local governments can
tailor bond offerings to the type and amount of low-income housing needs in a
particular community.  n117 Consistent with President Reagan's emphasis on
federalism, section 103(b)(4)(A) preserves local autonomy in an area that serves
a valid public purpose.  n118 Second, such bonds stimulate increased investment
in housing, thus increasing employment and an expansion in the local tax base.
n119

   Proponents also argue that as the government reduces direct expenditures for
housing programs, it has a responsibility to provide tax incentives for
constructing housing for low- to moderate-income individuals.  Although section
103(b)(4)(A) might not be as efficient as other housing programs, "it is all
that is left."  n120 Furthermore, computations of efficiency and revenue loss
that compare section 103(b)(4)(A) with other federal housing programs are
inappropriate because of the fundamentally different nature of the subsidies
section 103(b)(4)(A) provides.  n121 Section  [*513]  103(b)(4)(A) is a "shallow
subsidy" because it provides for the benefit of low- and moderate-income tenants
only indirectly, inevitably allowing portions of the subsidy to be captured by
intermediaries.  n122 Nevertheless, if section 103(b)(4)(A) causes builders to
set aside housing units for the group Congress intended to benefit through
section 103(b)(4)(A), then the section has achieved its purpose.  n123 Current
political realities counsel that direct-expenditure programs to meet the needs
of all needy tenants are not currently feasible; therefore, the section
103(b)(4)(A) program is an effective, although second-best, solution.

   VI.  ALTERNATIVES FOR DEALING WITH THE CURRENT MULTI-FAMILY RENTAL HOUSING
IDB PROGRAM

   Policymakers currently are analyzing the multi-family rental housing bond
program to respond to the criticisms discussed in Part IV.  Congress has several
different alternatives.  First, the Administration, through the President's Tax
Reform Proposal,  n124 advocates complete elimination of all private-purpose
IDBs, including those for multi-family rental housing.  Second, another proposal
advocates tightening up the eligibility requirements for tax-exempt multi-family
rental IDBs, but otherwise preserving the program.  Finally, HUD officials have
floated the concept of a new low-income tax credit program.  n125 Each of these
proposals will be discussed in turn.

   A.  The President's Proposal

   The President unveiled his tax overhaul proposal amid considerable fanfare on
May 29, 1985.  n126 Because private-activity IDBs accomplish only limited public
purposes and because tax-exempt bonds forgo federal revenue, the proposal would
repeal the bonds' tax exemption.  n127 The President's plan would continue tax
exemption for bonds used to finance  [*514]  state or local government
facilities.  n128 Consistent with the President's plan, this proposal would
reduce the tax rate structure by broadening the tax base  n129 to include bonds
with only a limited public purpose.  n130

   The Treasury Department stated the Administration's position on section
103(b)(4)(A).  n131 Because of problems with efficiency, targeting, and fiscal
revenue diversions,  n132 section 103(b)(4)(A) should be eliminated from the
Code, and "if Congress determines that Federal assistance is desirable to
provide rental housing for low or moderate income tenants, it could . . .
provide direct Federal assistance to them."  n133

   B.  Regulatory Changes

   Others suggest regulatory changes can rectify section 103(b)(4)(A).  The most
commonly suggested reform measure would adjust the median area income figure for
family size.  n134 Another commonly advocated change would require builders to
allocate more housing units for low- to moderate-income tenants.  n135 Even
though such changes would restrict localities in tailoring tax-exempt
multi-family bond offerings,  n136 reformers argue these changes respond to
criticisms without seriously reducing the overall availability of the program.
n137

    [*515]  C.  Tax Credit Proposal

   The most unique proposal would replace section 103(b)(4)(A) with tax credits
for low-income tenants.  n138 A credit system would allow low-income individuals
to reduce their federal taxes by some portion of their rent.  n139 Similar to a
housing voucher system,  n140 a tax credit program applies to the demand side of
the housing market.  A tax credit system would be more efficient than section
103(b)(4)(A) because, unlike section 103(b)(4)(A), needy low-income tenants
would benefit directly from the federal subsidy.  Production of housing would be
stimulated in response to increased demand in needy areas through the operation
of the market.  n141

   VII.  ANALYSIS OF ALTERNATIVES FOR THE CURRENT MULTI-FAMILY RENTAL HOUSING
IDB PROGRAM

   This country has long recognized that decent housing for low-income citizens
is a national priority, so low-income-housing programs serve a substantial
public purpose.  n142 Therefore, the reforms noted above must be judged by their
ability to provide housing to low-income tenants.

   A.  The President's Proposal

   The President's proposal to eliminate the tax exemption for all
nongovernmental bonds, including those for multi-family rental housing
production, directly addresses all of the criticisms of the current program.
However, completely eliminating this exemption without advocating some other
alternative ignores the importance of the national priority of decent housing
for low-income individuals.

   Congress has preserved section 103(b)(4)(A) because the section serves a
public purpose that outweighs the section's faults.  This section is one of the
few federal programs that continues, at least indirectly, to address the housing
problems of those at the lower end of the income scale.  n143 Therefore,
eliminating the section 103(b)(4)(A) tax exemption, without more, is
inconsistent with the President's own recognition of housing as a  [*516]
national priority.  n144

   The Treasury's pronouncement that direct federal spending can make up for the
loss of this expenditure program  n145 is naive or simply callous in the current
political climate where the federal budget constrains virtually all federal
social welfare spending.  The President's proposal faces opposition from three
segments of society: businessmen who utilize section 103(b)(4)(A) financing in
developing projects; states and localities who issue such bonds for the benefit
of their constituencies; and low-income housing advocates who represent those
persons for whom the tax exemption was enacted in the first place.  n146 Such a
disparate group represents a very strong force in the political process.  Even
though these groups may have completely different reasons for opposing the
President's proposal (some more self-serving than others), they will be able to
capitalize on the proposal's lack of an alternative for providing housing for
low-income citizens.  The President's proposal could have been coupled with the
recommendation of the President's Commission on Housing to create a Housing
Payments Program  n147 to avoid charges by opponents that the national priority
of decent housing for low-income persons has been abandoned.  However, the
recommendation has not been advanced because that would require direct
governmental spending in the social welfare arena.  To avoid an appearance of
abandoning housing programs, Congress will not likely eliminate section
103(b)(4)(A) without providing an alternative.

   B.  Regulatory Changes

   Changes in the regulations under section 103(b)(4)(A) will not effectively
address the fiscal or efficiency criticisms that are leveled at the program,
because the nature of the indirect production-oriented tax expenditure subsidy
will remain the same.  The fiscal and efficiency concerns are inherent to, and
truly a cost of, a social program that is implemented through supply-oriented
tax incentives.

   Regulatory changes will, however, address criticisms directed at the
targeting of the section 103(b)(4)(A) program.  Ignoring family size is the most
egregious fault in the current program.  New regulations can correct  [*517]
this fault and eliminate from the program relatively well-off, young, single
persons.  n148 Raising the percentage of units that developers are required to
set aside for lower-income tenants would also help to ensure that more
low-income persons find housing.  n149 Even though such changes will restrict
the flexibility of local governments in structuring bond offerings for their own
situations, some change is needed to answer growing criticisms of section
103(b)(4)(A).

   Because regulatory changes do not alter the supply-side nature of the subsidy
provided, they will not address the consistency criticism of section
103(b)(4)(A).  Regulatory changes at best will improve section 103(b)(4)(A)
eligibility requirements, but will not provide direct relief to low-income
persons for housing costs.

   C.  The Tax Credit Proposal

   A program of tax credits for lower-income persons would address all of the
current criticisms of section 103(b)(4)(A).  It would also provide a plausible
means of continuing to meet the underlying goal of the program.  However, the
proposal's novelty hampers its chances of enactment.

   Under this proposal the government will still be paying for the program in
the form of forgone tax revenues, but unlike section 103(b)(4)(A) the tax
advantages accrue directly to persons for whom the program is implemented.  n150
Costs will not be inflated by intermediaries who extract portions of the tax
subsidy.  n151

   A credit that is available only to specified persons is precisely targeted to
serve the goal of helping to provide decent and affordable housing to
lower-income individuals.  A credit program makes housing more affordable by
shifting some of the rent cost to the federal government.  n152

   Although the tax credit proposal addresses all of the section 103(b)(4)(A)
criticisms while furthering the goal of the current program, it suffers from
political disadvantages due primarily to the novelty of the idea.  Because tax
credits benefit lower-income persons only if they have  [*518]  sufficient
taxable income to utilize the credits,  n153 and because a tax credit program
may be overlooked by many qualified persons due to unfamiliarity with the law,
low-income-housing advocates would probably be leery of completely replacing all
other federal housing programs with such a system.  Thus, while HUD is studying
a tax credit alternative,  n154 officials emphasize that such an initiative
would not replace any existing housing programs.  n155 However, if a current
program such as section 103(b)(4)(A) is not replaced, then none of the problems
associated with it will be resolved and simply another (albeit more effective)
program for meeting the same goals would exist.  This unsystematic approach is
not very attractive, especially in light of the current emphasis on decreasing
the complexity of the tax system.  An additional tax expenditure program would
find few friends without elimination of another tax expenditure program.

   VIII.  CONCLUSION

   In light of the current economic and political considerations, the regulatory
reform alternative for addressing the problems of the section 103(b)(4)(A)
multi-family rental housing bond program is the most feasible.  While the
President's proposal and the tax credit proposal offer better solutions to the
problems associated with the current program, they are inadequate.  The former
fails to recognize that the goal of helping to provide housing to low-income
persons is an important one, while the latter suffers from uncertainty about how
it could be implemented.  The regulatory reform approach does not significantly
address the fiscal and efficiency criticisms of the current program, but it will
target the use of the bonds issued more effectively, better serving the goals
that the program was instituted to accomplish.

   This conclusion answers the question posed by this note: an indirect subsidy
provided through the tax code can be an appropriate mechanism for addressing a
social problem such as inadequate housing for low-income individuals.  Such an
approach, however, is only valid when closely tied to the underlying public
purpose and when more direct options for meeting the goal are unavailable.  The
fiscal and efficiency costs of indirectly pursuing social ends through the tax
system should be considered real costs to the federal government when analyzing
the program or any alternatives.  The best mechanism, a tax credit system, is
politically  [*519]  blocked from consideration.  Section 103(b)(4)(A) with its
fiscal and efficiency costs remains the only, though second-best, alternative.

Legal Topics:

For related research and practice materials, see the following legal topics:
GovernmentsLocal GovernmentsFinanceTax LawFederal Income Tax
ComputationDependent & Personal Exemptions (IRC secs. 151-153)Tax LawState &
Local TaxesGeneral Overview

FOOTNOTES:




n1  Housing Act of 1949, Pub. L. No. 81-171, 63 Stat. 413.




n2  See, e.g., United States Housing Act of 1937, Pub. L. No. 75-412, 50 Stat.
888 (codified as amended at 42 U.S.C. §§ 1404-1440 (1976 & Supp. V 1981))
(providing direct subsidies to local housing authorities to stimulate clearance
of slum areas for new housing construction); Housing Act of 1954, 42 U.S.C. §
1450 (1976) (allocating additional monies for slum clearance and requiring
localities to draft master plans to address local housing problems as a
prerequisite for receiving federal housing assistance); Housing and Urban
Development Act of 1965, Pub. L. No. 89-117, 79 Stat. 451 (currently codified at
12 U.S.C. § 1701 (1976)) (initiating rent-supplement program and authorizing
local housing agencies to subsidize rents in existing housing); Housing and
Community Development Act of 1974, Pub.  L. No.  93-383, 88 Stat. 633 (1976)
(replacing most categorical urban renewal programs with a unified federal
community development block grant program).  See generally Note, Federal Budget
Cuts in Housing: Is there No Place Like a Decent Home?, 10 J. Legis.  457,
458-67 (1983).




n3  I.R.C. § 103(b)(4)(A), which reads in pertinent part:

   (4) CERTAIN EXEMPT ACTIVITIES. -- Paragraph (1) shall not apply to any
obligation which is issued as part of an issue substantially all of the proceeds
of which are to be used to provide --

   (A) projects for residential rental property if at all times during the
qualified project period --

   (i) 15 percent or more in the case of targeted area projects, or

   (ii) 20 percent or more in the case of any other project, of the units in
each project are to be occupied by individuals of low or moderate income.




n4  See Tax Exempt Rental Housing Bonds: A Tax Subsidy Gone Awry, 28 Tax Notes 9
(July 1, 1985); Subcommittee Urged to Retain Multi-Family Housing IDBs, 28 Tax
Notes 606 (August 5, 1985).




n5  For purposes of this note, the terms "private activity bonds,"
"nongovernmental bonds," "industrial development bonds," and "revenue bonds"
will be used interchangeably.




n6  See I.R.C. § 103(b)(4)(A); see also infra notes 44-56 and accompanying text.




n7  The President's Tax Proposals to the Congress for Fairness, Growth, and
Simplicity 282-87 (1985) hereinafter cited as The President's Proposals; see
also infra notes 126-33 and accompanying text.




n8  Tariff Act of 1913, Pub. L. No. 63-16, ch. 16, 38 Stat. 114. Section II B
provided that "in computing net income under this section there shall be
excluded the interest upon the obligations of a State or any political
subdivision thereof. . . ." Id. at 168.




n9  A general obligation bond is a bond issued by a political subdivision
guaranteed for repayment by a pledge of the issuing government's tax revenues
and the general credit.  This does not mean that such bonds must be financed
with tax revenues; facilities constructed with such bonds may generate revenues
adequate to service the bonds.  But tax revenues are available for repayment of
such bonds if project revenues prove to be inadequate.  See Zimmerman, Limiting
the Growth of Tax-Exempt Industrial Development Bonds: An Economic Evaluation 5
(1984) (Cong. Research Serv. Rep. No. 84-37E).




n10  A revenue bond is repaid solely from the revenues generated by the
facilities constructed with bond proceeds.  In the issuance of this type of
bond, the political subdivision acts solely as a conduit for issuing the bonds.
It has no obligation to use its tax revenues to finance any shortfall.  See
Zimmerman, supra note 9, at 5.




n11  See Rev. Rul. 54-106, 1954-1 C.B. 28, 28-29. The Service classified as tax
exempt those bonds issued by a municipality to finance construction of privately
used industrial plants, "notwithstanding the purpose for which they were issued
or the fact that the promise to pay is limited to the revenue to be derived from
leasing the property to be acquired. . . .  It is not necessary . . . that the
obligation be a general one, pledging the general credit of the municipality or
the use of its taxing power." Id. at 29.




n12  Private activity bonds are revenue bonds issued by political subdivisions
to finance private investment projects that serve a public purpose.  A sports
facility is an example of such a project.  See generally Zimmerman, supra note
9, at 6-7.




n13  See Joint Comm. on Tax'n, 99th Cong., 2d Sess., Tax Reform Proposals: Tax
Treatment of State and Local Government Bonds 32 (Jt. Comm. Print 1985)
hereinafter cited as Tax Reform Proposals Report.




n14  See, e.g., Zimmerman, supra note 9, at 7.




n15  33 Fed. Reg. 4950 (March 23, 1968).




n16  The proposed regulations provided that such bonds would not serve a
required public purpose, and should therefore be taxable, if

   (1) an identifiable party other than the issuing governmental unit had the
right to use all or a major portion of the bond proceeds or the property
acquired with bond proceeds, (2) that party was responsible for all or a major
portion of the principal and interest payments, and (3) the payments were
secured by an interest in the financed property.

   Tax Reform Proposals Report, supra note 13, at 32.




n17  Pub. L. No. 90-364, 82 Stat. 251.




n18  The current rule is contained in § 103(b)(1), which provides in pertinent
part:

   (b) INDUSTRIAL DEVELOPMENT BONDS. --

   (1) . . . Except as otherwise provided in this subsection, any industrial
development bond shall be treated as an obligation not described in subsection
(a)(1) providing the general rule that interest on state and local obligations
are nontaxable. . . .




n19  Specific exemptions are listed in § 103(b)(4).




n20  I.R.C. § 103(c)(4)(A) (originally enacted as Pub. L. No. 90-364, § 107, 82
Stat. 251, 267 (1968), later renumbered as § 103(b)(4)(A), see supra note 3).




n21  See H.R. Rep. No. 1533, 90th Cong., 2d Sess. 32-43, reprinted in 1968 U.S.
Code Cong.  & Ad. News 2373, 2379-89; see also Pollak, Multi-Family Tax Exempt
Revenue Bonds: The Policy-Making Role of Regulation, 15 Urb. Law. 577, 585
(1983).




n22  Housing Act of 1949, 42 U.S.C. § 1441 (1976 & Supp. V 1981).




n23  See, e.g., The Report of the President's Commission on Housing, at XV
(Final Report 1982) hereinafter cited as the President's Commission Report.




n24  H.R. Rep. No. 1533, supra note 21, at 36-38, 1968 U.S. Code Cong. & Ad.
News at 2383-85.




n25  Treas. Reg. § 1.103-8(b), T.D. 7199, 1972-2 C.B. 45.




n26  Id.; see also Pollak, supra note 21, at 585.




n27  See Treas. Reg. § 1.103-8(b), T.D. 7199, 1972-2 C.B. 45.




n28  Pollak, supra note 21, at 586.




n29  Tax-Exempt Bonds for Multifamily Residential Real Property: Hearings Before
the Subcomm. on Oversight of the House Comm. on Ways and Means, 99th Cong., 2d
Sess.  (1985) hereinafter cited as House Oversight Hearings (statement of Mikel
M. Rollyson, Tax Legislative Counsel, Department of the Treasury) hereinafter
cited as Rollyson.  For statistics highlighting the federal government's
increasingly smaller role in direct housing assistance, see infra note 112.




n30  The 1985 Tax Reform Proposals Report states that the volume of private
purpose tax-exempt bonds increased from $ 8.9 billion in 1975 to $ 28.1 billion
in 1979.  Tax Reform Proposals Report, supra note 13, at 60; see also Zimmerman,
supra note 9, at 7 (using slightly different figures); Joint Comm. on Tax'n,
96th Cong., 1st Sess., Background and Issues Regarding H.R. 3712 Relating to
Tax-Exempt Bonds for Housing 48 (Jt. Comm. Print 1979) (also using slightly
different figures, broken down in a slightly different way) hereinafter cited as
H.R. 3712 Report.




n31  See, e.g., Cong. Budget Office Study, House Comm. on Banking, Finance, and
Urban Affairs, 96th Cong., 1st Sess., Tax Exempt Bonds for Single-Family Housing
(Comm. Print 1979).




n32  H.R. 3712, 96th Cong., 1st Sess. (1979).




n33  Id.; see also Staff of House Comm. on Ways and Means, 96th Cong., 1st
Sess., Summary of H.R. 3712; The Mortgage Subsidy Bond Tax Act of 1979, at 6
(Comm. Print 1979).




n34  Pub. L. No. 96-499, 94 Stat. 2660 (1980).




n35  Id.; see also House Oversight Hearings, supra note 29 (statement of Ralph
V. Carlone, Deputy Director, Resources, Community, and Economic Development
Division, U.S.  General Accounting Office) hereinafter cited as Carlone.
Carlone made the following observation with respect to the qualifications placed
on § 103(b)(4)(A) by the Mortgage Subsidy Bond Tax Act of 1980: "the Congress
added the low- and moderate- income requirement because . . . it believed that
tax-exempt industrial development bonds for rental housing should . . . be
available only where there would be some benefit to low- or moderate-income
individuals." Id.




n36  Only 15% is required for targeted area projects.  I.R.C. § 103(b)(4)(A)(i).




n37  See I.R.C. § 103(b)(4)(A); supra note 3.  The definition of "low or
moderate income" persons is discussed infra notes 49-51 and accompanying text.




n38  See Tax Treatment of Mortgage Subsidy Bonds: Hearings on H.R. 3712 Before
the House Comm. on Ways and Means, 96th Cong., 1st Sess. 3 (1979) hereinafter
cited as H.R.  3712 Hearings.




n39  Id.




n40  Id.




n41  In four days of committee hearings on H.R. 3712, various statements were
made concerning the need to preserve favorable tax treatment for bonds which
help to provide housing for lower-income individuals.  H.R. 3712 Hearings, supra
note 38, passim.  However, apparently no discussion took place as to whether the
proposed 20% set-aside requirement was high enough to ensure that the program
was providing as much housing services as practicable for lower-income
individuals.  Id.




n42  Id.




n43  The Deficit Reduction Act of 1984, Pub. L. No. 98-369, 98 Stat. 494, limits
the annual amount of state and local government-issued tax-exempt IDBs, I.R.C. §
103(n), and requires straight line depreciation for tax-exempt IDB-financed
property, id. § 168(f)(12)(A); IDBs issued under § 103(b)(4)(A) are exempt from
both of these restrictions, id. §§ 103(n)(7)(C), 168(f)(12)(C).




n44  I.R.C. § 103(b)(4)(A); Treas. Reg. § 1.103-8(a)(1)(i), (b)(4)(i), (7), (8).




n45  See generally Pollak, supra note 21, at 578-83.




n46  Treas. Reg. § 1.103-8(a)(1)(i).




n47  Id. § 1.103-8(b)(4)(i).




n48  I.R.C. § 103(b)(4)(A)(ii).




n49  The "adjusted income" for such a tenant is computed under Treas. Reg. §
1.167-k(3)(b)(3).




n50  I.R.C. § 103(b)(12)(C).




n51  Id.; see also Carlone, supra note 35; Rollyson, supra note 29.




n52  Continual compliance with the statutory requirements is met if a unit,
after being vacated by a tenant who qualifies as a low- or moderate-income
tenant, is reoccupied by another eligible tenant within 31 days of the first
tenant's departure.  Treas. Reg. § 1.103-8(b)(5)(ii).




n53  Id. § 1.103-8(b)(5), (7).




n54  See supra note 43.




n55  See id.




n56  See Tax Reform Proposals Report, supra note 13, at 28-29.




n57  See Rollyson, supra note 29; see also Tax Reform Proposals Report, supra
note 13, at 60 (analyzing the volume of tax-exempt bonds by type of activity
from 1975 to 1984).




n58  Tax Reform Proposals Report, supra note 13, at 60.




n59  See Carlone, supra note 35.




n60  A good definition and description of the importance of tax expenditure
programs is:

   Tax expenditures are defined as revenue losses attributable to provisions of
the Federal tax laws which allow a special exclusion, exemption, or deduction
from gross income or which provide a special credit, a preferential rate of tax
or a deferral of liability. . . .  Such exceptions are designed to further other
objectives. . . .  Their operation is, therefore, comparable to outlay programs
. . . that also provide a subsidy to particular activities.

   C. Dolbeare, Federal Housing Assistance: Who Needs it?  Who Get It? 23 (1985)
(National League of Cities Policy Working Paper) (quoting Budget of the United
States Government, Fiscal Year 1984: Special Analysis G-1).




n61  See Rollyson, supra note 29.




n62  See Carlone, supra note 35.




n63  See supra note 43.




n64  For a table which details the relative yields on taxable and tax-exempt
bonds from 1950 to 1984, see Tax Reform Proposals Report, supra note 13, at 71.




n65  The Tax Reform Proposals Report explains the importance of the
tax-exempt/taxable bond yield ratio and its effect on the subsidy involved in
tax-exempt financing as follows:

   The tax-exempt/taxable bond yield ratio provides a measure of the depth of
the subsidy provided by tax-exempt financing.  Together with the marginal tax
bracket of the average investor in tax-exempt bonds, the ratio also provides a
measure of the efficiency of tax-exempt financing as a means of subsidizing
eligible activities.  In general, as the yield on tax-exempt obligations more
closely approaches that on taxable obligations, a higher portion of the subsidy
flows to the investor in tax-exempt obligations (in the form of increased
after-tax yields) rather than to the eligible activity (in the form of reduced
borrowing costs).

   Id. at 70-71.




n66  Beek, Rethinking Tax Exempt Financing For State and Local Governments, Fed.
Res.  Bank. of N.Y. Q. Rev. 30-31 (Autumn 1982)




n67  Tax Reform Proposals Report, supra note 13, at 70-71.




n68  Id.  See generally M. Chirelstein, Federal Income Taxation 336-37 (4th ed.
1982).




N69  M. Chirelstein, supra note 68, at 336-37.




n70  See House Oversight Hearings, supra note 29 (statement of Ted Dinerstein,
representative of the National Association of Homebuilders) hereinafter cited as
Dinerstein; id. (statement of Leo Zickler, representative of the National
Apartment Association) hereinafter cited as Zickler; id. (statement of Dennis
Alberts, representative of the National Multi-Housing Council) hereinafter cited
as Alberts.




n71  See supra notes 44-56 and accompanying text.




n72  See Carlone, supra note 35.  This study did indicate that approximately
one-third of the projects surveyed required that lower rents be charged for at
least some of the tenants who qualified as low or moderate income; however,
these adjustments were made "to comply with local housing agency requirements or
to obtain a sufficient number of tenants to meet the 20 percent occupancy
level." Id.  Projects that did not have to meet local agency requirements, or
that did not have trouble meeting the 20% set-aside requirement, did not adjust
rents for low- to moderate-income tenants.  Two-thirds of the projects surveyed
fit within this category.  Id.




n73  See Rollyson, supra note 29.




n74  At least one analyst has determined that for every two dollars of interest
cost savings to a developer using tax-exempt bond proceeds, the federal
government foregoes more than three dollars of tax revenues.  See Rollyson,
supra note 29; see also supra notes 64-69 and accompanying text.




n75  A "supply-side" incentive in this context means seeking to improve the
well-being of one society segment by providing production incentives through
preferential tax treatment to another society segment.  See generally Note,
supra note 2, at 458, 467.




n76  See, e.g., Zimmerman, supra note 9.




n77  See supra note 48 and accompanying text.




n78  See supra notes 40-42 and accompanying text.




n79  See Subcommittee Urged to retain Multi-Family Housing IDBs, 28 Tax Notes
606 (August 5, 1985).




n80  See supra notes 49-50 and accompanying text.




n81  See Carlone, supra note 35.




n82  See supra note 51 and accompanying text.




n83  See Carlone, supra note 35.




n84  Id.




n85  Id.




n86  Id.




n87  Id.




n88  Id.




n89  Id.




n90  Id.




n91  Id.




n92  See, e.g., Cong. Budget Office, Federal Housing Assistance: Alternative
Approaches ix (1982) hereinafter cited as CBO I; Cong. Budget Office, Federal
Housing Policy: Current Programs and Recurring Issues 3-4 (1978) hereinafter
cited as CBO II.  HUD Secretary Samuel J. Pierce, Jr. noted last fall that "the
housing problem can be summed up in three words: affordability, availability,
and adequacy." Note, supra note 2, at 467.




n93  See supra note 1.




n94  See CBO I, supra note 92, at 7-8 (Tables I and II); see also The
President's Commission Report, supra note 23, at 4-9.




n95  See CBO I, supra note 92, at 9-10; see also Dolbeare, supra note 60, at
14-15.




n96  Id. at 14-17.




n97  See CBO I, supra note 92; CBO II, supra note 92.




n98  See CBO I, supra note 92, at 5.




n99  See CBO II, supra note 92, at 5.




n100  See The President's Commission Report, supra note 23, at 12.




n101  Persons with very low incomes are the most likely to be living in housing
facilities that are in need of rehabilitation.  In 1977, 20% of tenants with
family incomes of less than 50% of the area median lived in housing needing
rehabilitation.  CBO I, supra note 92, at 7-8.




n102  See CBO I, supra note 92, at 9-10.




n103  The Congressional Budget Office defines "very low income" as a household
income that is less than or equal to 50% of the area median.  CBO I, supra note
92, at 8.




n104  The Congressional Budget Office defines "low income" as a household income
that is between 51% and 81% of the area median.  CBO I, supra note 92, at 8.




n105  See CBO I, supra note 92, at 9-10.




n106  The President's Commission Report states that "the primary national need
is . . . for income supplements that will enable low-income families to live in
available, decent housing at a cost they can afford." The President's Commission
Report, supra note 23, at xxii.




n107  CBO I, supra note 92, at ix.




n108  Housing-related tax expenditures, which include the tax exemptions for
multi-family rental housing bonds, cost the federal government $ 43.6 billion in
1984.  Direct outlays for low-income housing assistance through HUD, however,
totalled $ 9.9 billion in the same year.  Dolbeare, supra note 60, at 25-26.




n109  The Section 8 Housing Assistance Payments Program discussed here is the
existing housing program, established by the Housing and Community Development
Act of 1974, 42 U.S.C. § 1437F (West Supp. 1985). This program provides funds to
make up the difference between the rent charged by a landlord for a specific
housing unit and the rent that a low-income person can afford (which is computed
at a specified percentage of income).  The payment is made directly to landlords
on the tenant's behalf, but the tenant chooses where to live and may move to
another dwelling without losing the benefit of the subsidy.  The dwelling
inhabited must meet certain quality standards set by HUD.  The President's
Commission Report, supra note 23, at 18.




n110  See The President's Commission Report, supra note 23, at 18 ("The
experience . . . of the Section 8 program attests to the cost effectiveness and
workability of housing payments as a basic approach that meets the needs of
low-income households.").




n111  Section 8 expenditures were slightly more than 10% of all federal housing
expenditures in 1984, and this program (and other direct federal expenditures
programs) has only helped approximately one-fifth of all low income households.
Dolbeare, supra note 60, at 19, 25-27.




n112  Since 1981, budget authority (the total federal commitment for future
direct subsidy payments) has declined from $ 30.2 billion to $ 10.8 billion in
1985.  This figure is scheduled to drop to $ 0.5 billion in the Administration's
Fiscal Year 1986 budget proposals.  Dolbeare, supra note 60, at 27-31.




n113  Id.




n114  House Oversight Hearings, supra note 29 (statement of Feather O'Connor,
Vice President of the Council of State Housing Agencies) hereinafter cited as
O'Connor.




n115  In the only case that has considered the constitutionality of the federal
government taxing state or local bond interest, the Supreme Court ruled that the
tax exemption on state and local general obligation bonds (issued for basic
governmental activities as opposed to bonds for private activities) was
constitutionally protected.  Pollock v. Farmers' Loan and Trust Co., 157 U.S.
429 (1895). Because this case applied to general obligation bonds issued for
basic governmental activities, and because later Supreme Court cases upheld the
application of the federal income tax to wages of state employees, see Helvering
v. Gerhardt, 304 U.S. 405 (1938); Graves v. N.Y. ex rel.  O'Keefe, 306 U.S. 466
(1939), most observers recognize that the federal government is probably not
constitutionally prohibited from taxing interest on private purpose bonds issued
by states and localities.




n116  House Oversight Hearings, supra note 29 (statement of Aaron B.  Fogelman
insisting that "the tax-exempt bonds create incentives for the private sector to
further the public purpose of providing housing for thousands of low and
moderate income Americans") hereinafter cited as Fogelman; id. (statement of R.
J. Godin, Jr., President of the National Leased Housing Association, arguing
that "the use of tax-exempt financing to construct new rental housing serves the
real social purpose of increasing the rental housing stock within a community,
thereby keeping rents in existing housing affordable for lower income families")
hereinafter cited as Godin; Subcommittee Urged to Retain Multi-Family Housing
IDBs, 28 Tax Notes 606 (August 5, 1985).




n117  See, e.g., Alberts, supra note 70.  Speaking for the National Multi-
Housing Council, Alberts expressed their belief "that local governmental
authorities can guide private housing development to serve and satisfy local
public needs more effectively than the Federal government." Id.; see also
O'Connor, supra note 114.  Proponents of IDBs, who praise their local
flexibility, point to actions such as that of the Florida Housing Finance Agency
(FHFA) as indications that lower levels of government are structuring programs
to maximize the public benefits of § 103(b)(4)(A) bonds.  FHFA recently
implemented strict new requirements that developers must meet in order to
qualify for tax-exempt financing.  In addition, FHFA established a cap on the
number of rental housing units that it will finance in the three most popular
market areas in the state.  These changes force builders "to provide greater
'public purpose' benefits in servicing project tenants and particularly low
income renters." Florida Agency Toughens Rental Housing Project Standards For
Bond Program, 12 Hous. & Dev. Rep. (BNA) No. 52, at 53 (June 17, 1985).




n118  See Tax Reform Proposals Report, supra note 13, at 50.




n119  See O'Connor, supra note 114.




n120  Id.




n121 " It is unrealistic and unfair to compare a deep subsidy . . . program to
the shallow interest rate subsidy provided by tax exempt bonds." House Oversight
Hearings, supra note 29 (statement of Ken Johnson, President of the Association
of Local Finance Agencies) hereinafter cited as Johnson; see also Zickler, supra
note 70 ("The 20 percent set aside requirement is the price the builder pays for
the advantages of bond financing.  The tax exempt financing is the price the
government pays for private industry to provide this housing.").




n122  Zickler, supra note 70.




n123  Id.




n124  The President's Proposals, supra note 7.




n125  HUD Officials Suggest Refundable Tax Credit For Low Income Renters, 12
Hous. & Dev. Rep. (BNA) No. 44, at 824-25 (March 25, 1985).




n126  See The President's Proposals, supra note 7.




n127  Id. at 285.




n128  To qualify as a government facility and thereby receive the tax exemption,
no more than one percent of the proceeds of a bond issuance can be used for
nongovernmental purposes.  Id.




n129  Id. at 1, 283.




n130  Id. at 283.




n131  See Rollyson, supra note 29.




n132  See supra notes 57-112 and accompanying text.




n133  Rollyson, supra note 29, at 8.




n134  In fact, the Treasury has stated that this adjustment is to be made in the
very near future.  See Rollyson, supra note 29, at 2; Treasury Will Require
Income Adjustment for Family Size in Housing Bond Projects, 12 Hous. & Dev. Rep.
(BNA) No. 52, at 85-86 (July 1, 1985).  The reason why these regulations have
not been issued to date, however, is that even with this type of adjustment,
differing interpretations of "adjustment" have been advanced.  See, e.g.,
Dinerstein, supra note 70, at 9 (recommending that, "when qualifying households
as low- and moderate-income rentors, the incomes of unrelated individuals
sharing a two bedroom unit should not be lumped together, but rather should be
considered individually"); see also Letter from Council of State Housing
Agencies to Joseph Krolikowski, U.S. Department of Treasury (July 25, 1985)
(discussing family size adjustments).




n135  See Subcommittee Urged to Retain Multi-Family Housing IDBs, 28 Tax Notes
606 (August 5, 1985).




n136  See supra notes 115-17 and accompanying text.




n137  See Johnson, supra note 121; Dinerstein, supra note 70; House Oversight
Hearings, supra note 29 (statement of Robert Fidler, presenting the Mortgage
Bankers Association of America's concern that "the goal of Code Section
103(b)(4)(A) be met in the spirit as well as the letter of the law"; therefore,
the Association supports efforts to make adjustments to the qualifying criteria
in order to serve better low- and moderate-income households) hereinafter cited
as Fidler.




n138  See supra note 125.




n139  Id.




n140  Housing vouchers, or housing entitlement payments, are payments given to
qualified recipients that must be spent on housing.  The Section 8 program
operated by HUD is an example of such a direct federal expenditure program.  See
generally Struyk & Bendick, Housing Vouchers for the Poor: Lessons from a
National Experiment 3-5 (Urban Institute 1981).




n141  See Note, supra note 2, at 467-69.




n142  See supra notes 8-43 and accompanying text.




n143  See supra notes 107-12 and accompanying text.




n144  See The President's Commission Report, supra note 23, at XV.




n145  See supra text accompanying notes 131-33.




n146  All of these groups were represented in hearings before Congress on the
President's tax proposal during the summer of 1985.  See List of Witnesses to
Appear Before the Subcomm.  on Oversight of the House Comm. on Ways and Means on
Tax Exempt Multifamily Housing Bonds, August 1, 1985.  Barry Zigas, Director of
the National Low Income Housing Coalition, appeared before the Senate Finance
Committee on July 16, 1985 to address the same subject.  See Finance Committee
Looks at Impact of Reform Plan on Real Estate, 28 Tax Notes 385-86 (July 12,
1985).




n147  See The President's Commission Report, supra note 23, at 17-27.




n148  See supra notes 86-90 and accompanying text.




n149  Other targeting changes, such as lowering the "percentage of median area
income" figure for qualifying tenants, could also achieve the same purposes as
the proposed reforms.  Such additional changes should be considered if the
current proposed changes are not deemed sufficient.




n150  See supra notes 138-41 and accompanying text.




n151  See supra notes 64-69 and accompanying text.




n152  See supra notes 91-112 and accompanying text.  See generally Browning &
Browning, Public Finance and The Price System 325-29 (1979), for a discussion of
why a tax deduction for consuming a good is equivalent to an excise subsidy
provided for a good.  The same analysis applies to the tax credit comparison.




n153  For example, under the current code structure, a married couple would have
to earn over $ 7,600 in taxable income in order to take advantage of a $ 500 tax
credit.  See I.R.C. § 1.




n154  See supra note 125 and accompanying text.




n155  Id.


                             195 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                     June 27, 1991, Thursday, Final Edition

Market Downturn Opens 'Window of Opportunity';
$ 1.8 Million Approved for Low-Income Housing

Evelyn Hsu, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: VIRGINIA WEEKLY; PAGE V3

LENGTH: 805 words


Northern Virginia's depressed real estate market has given nonprofit housing
groups a chance to acquire properties, and the Arlington County Board agreed
last week to help finance such efforts.

The board unanimously approved the allocation of $ 1.873 million from its
housing fund and an additional $ 250,000 from a rental rehabilitation fund to
four nonprofit groups.

The groups buy properties, repair them and use state and other subsidies to keep
the rents affordable for low- and middle-income tenants.

"There's this window of opportunity in the market. It won't be here long," said
John Spencer, director of multi-family programs for the Arlington Housing Corp.,
one of the groups that received funding.

Although the recession has made rental housing a little cheaper, many low- and
middle-income workers still are facing financial difficulties because family
members may have lost jobs, Spencer said.

According to the county, real estate prices have dropped to the point that the $
6.8 million the Arlington Housing Corp. will pay to buy the 115-unit Harvey Hall
apartments will be less than the current owner paid.

The county will give Arlington Housing Corp. a $ 920,000 loan to help buy Harvey
Hall, which is in the Columbia Heights West neighborhood, an area that is home
to large numbers of Southeast Asian, Hispanic and Ethiopian immigrants.

Arlington Housing Corp. also will use a $ 500,000 loan to help finance the
purchase of the 28-unit Simonds apartments in the Westover neighborhood.

The Wesley Housing Development Corp. will use a $ 350,000 loan and the $ 250,000
rental grant to acquire and rehabilitate the 50-unit Pierce Street apartments
near Rosslyn.

The Northern Virginia Family Service Homeless Prevention Program will use $
75,000 to counsel and help families facing homelessness, and the Lomax Housing
Development Corp. will use $ 28,500 in "seed money" for feasibility studies and
other work to develop a 101-unit apartment building in Nauck that would have 21
units set aside for low- and moderate-income tenants.

The only glum note in the allocations was that the demand for funding was so
great that Arlington dipped into its housing fund for the next fiscal year,
which begins in July, to fund some of the projects.

Arlington County Manager Anton S. Gardner said he is studying ways the county
could set aside more money for housing, including a possible bond issue, an idea
that was proposed by a county housing task force.

In other action, the board unanimously approved a $ 297.3 million five-year
capital improvement program that lays out Arlington's priorities for major
projects from 1992 to 1997.

The board voted to increase proposed spending on parks and recreation by $ 10
million, to $ 29.4 million, but acknowledged that the move was symbolic because
the improvement program is chiefly a planning guide and each five-year plan is
revised annually to reflect changing needs.

"We wanted to give the county manager the message that this is important, that
additional attention needs to be given to these areas," board Vice Chairman
Ellen M. Bozman (I).

Board member Mary Margaret Whipple (D) said the county should consider building
another recreational facility.

Parks and recreation activists have complained for years that the county should
be more aggressive in acquiring land for parks and open space to meet the needs
of the rapidly urbanizing county.

County playing fields suffer from overuse, and the only county swimming pools
are at the three high schools. In contrast, neighboring Fairfax County has
opened several state-of-the-art recreation centers in recent years.

The capital improvement plan calls for spending $ 67.4 million on utilities,
mostly for improvements to the aging wastewater treatment plant; and $ 57.6
million for government facilities that includes $ 27 million for acquisition of
the APA building next to the Court House, work on the new jail, replacement of
the emergency communications system and $ 500,000 for a much-debated drug
detoxification center and shelter for the homeless on Columbia Pike.

The plan includes $ 53.7 million for contributions to Metro and other regional
agencies; $ 41.4 million for transportation projects such as the widening of
Glebe Road and the extension of North Quincy Street in Ballston; $ 25 million
for improvements to school properties; $ 17.5 million for community conservation
projects, such as street lights and sidewalks; and $ 5.3 million for storm
drainage.

Whipple said the board also should consider spending more on community
conservation.

The board also endorsed the formation of the Rosslyn Partnership and
appropriated $ 30,000 for the nonprofit business and community organization's
first year of operation. The group hopes to boost the image and economic
vitality of Rosslyn.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

SERIES: Occasional

TYPE: VIRGINIA NEWS

                       Copyright 1991 The Washington Post


                             196 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                   November 12, 1977, Saturday, Final Edition

Tucker Proposes Plan For Housing Financing

SECTION: Real Estate; E4

LENGTH: 405 words


A bill to establish an independent city housing corporation was introduced last
week by D.C. Council Chairman Sterling Tucker.  Its primary function would be
financing the development and rehabilitation of multifamily rental units for
low- and moderate-in-come families.

The Tucker bill differs from those already before the Council in that it would
set limits on developers' and landlords' profits, tenants' rents, and
homeowners' downpayments and monthly payments.  It differs from an earlier
Tucker bill that alos extended to commercial development.

Efforts have been made since 1975 to create a housing corporation similar to
those set up by most states.  Failure to do so has cost the District the special
Section 8 rental subsidy funds it would have been eligible to receive from the
Department of Housing and Yrban Development.

Efforts to create a corporation have been thwarted by opponents who point to the
chaos that engulfed the New York State housing corporation when it found itself
borrowing short and lending long a few years ago.

Tucker modeled his proposed housing fund, which takes income and cost standards
in consideration, after the Massachusetts Housing Finance Agency.  This agency
been perhaps the most successful in the country in development multi-family
housing with a specified percentage of low and moderate-income households in
each project.

the District fund is designed to compliment, not supplant, private sector
development and public housing.  A quarter of the rental units constructed,
rehabilitated or financed through the fund would be reserved for families with
incomes low enough to qualify them for public housing.  The latest count of
public housing showed that the city has 11,918 units, while there is a waiting
list of 7,770 households for such housing.  Applicants now waits up to seven
years for public housing.

The fund would make 90 per cent loans to commercial sponsors (and 100 per cent
loans to non-profits sponsors) at below-market rates.  Profits would be limited
to 8 per cent a year.  The units, however, would be exempt from rent control.

At least half of the sale units financed by the fund, would be required to be
reserved for families of moderate income.  Downpayments would not be allowed to
exceed 10 per cent of the price and all monthly payments - including mortgage,
taxes and utilities - could not exceed 35 per cent of the purchaser's income.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 1977 The Washington Post


                             197 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            September 6, 2013 Friday

New Jersey: Christie Administration Commits $3 Million To Help Create Affordable
Housing In Sandy-Impacted Counties

LENGTH: 716  words

DATELINE: Trenton


Department of Community Affair, The State of New Jersey has issued the following
news release:

As part of its ongoing efforts to revitalize Sandy-impacted counties and address
affordable housing needs created or exacerbated by the storm, New Jersey
Department of Community Affairs (DCA) Commissioner Richard E. Constable, III and
New Jersey Redevelopment Authority (NJRA) Executive Director Leslie A. Anderson
today announced the Christie Administration's award of $3 million in federal
Community Development Block Grant Disaster Recovery funds to cover the
predevelopment costs of 433 affordable housing units.

NJRA is providing $500,000 in low-interest loans to the non-profit developers of
each of six projects that will provide a total of 10 single-family rental homes
and 423 apartment units of affordable housing. Today's announcement of the award
of $3 million from the Predevelopment Loan Fund for Affordable Rental Housing
was made in Cape May Court House, which is the location of a four-acre site that
will be developed into an affordable multi-family residential complex of 10
single-family homes by United Cerebral Palsy of Northern Central and Southern
New Jersey. The homes will benefit special needs families in financial need.

"Affordable housing projects like the one here in Cape May Court House will have
an important ripple effect in Sandy-impacted communities and will create
urgently needed, safe and affordable housing for New Jersey families," said DCA
Commissioner Constable, whose Department is administering the distribution of
CDBG Disaster Recovery funds for the State.

Other projects to receive assistance through the Predevelopment Loan Fund
include the redevelopment of a site in the City of Newark into a 152-unit
assisted living residence for senior citizens; redevelopment of a site in Fair
Lawn, Bergen County, into a 64-unit senior housing complex; and redevelopment of
three structures in Atlantic City into a 58-unit rental property for low- to
moderate-income people aged 55 and older.

"The low-interest loans we are announcing today are supporting the redevelopment
of these properties to support the ongoing efforts to restore and rebuild the
economy and vibrancy of impacted communities throughout the state," said NJRA
Executive Director Anderson. "These funds assist non-profit developers at the
early stages of development to allow them to complete site preparation work as
well as work to finalize construction and permanent financing."

Projects receiving Predevelopment Loan Fund for Affordable Rental Housing
funding must provide affordable housing units. Eligible uses of the
1-percent-interest loans include: project feasibility studies, environmental
studies, engineering studies, architectural fees, legal fees, site preparation
and other soft costs. Non-profit developers must be in good standing with the
State of New Jersey per the State's annual registration process in addition to
meeting other NJRA requirements.

The Predevelopment Loan Fund is part of the New Jersey Disaster Recovery Action
Plan that outlines how the State will utilize $1,829,520,000 in Community
Development Block Grant (CDBG) Disaster Recovery funds provided by the U.S.
Department of Housing and Urban Development (HUD) to assist in the recovery and
rebuilding of Sandy-affected counties. The nine most impacted counties are:
Atlantic, Bergen, Cape May, Essex, Hudson, Middlesex, Monmouth, Ocean and Union.

Today's announcement follows last month's commitment of more than $135 million
in CDBG Disaster Recovery funds to help create approximately 2,250 affordable
housing opportunities in the nine most impacted counties.

Additional Predevelopment Loans to finance affordable housing projects are
expected to be approved soon by NJRA. It is anticipated that the Predevelopment
Loan Fund will ultimately be able to help create a total of 1,000 new units of
affordable housing for New Jersey residents over the next two years.

The New Jersey Redevelopment Authority, a DCA affiliate, is an independent
authority committed to revitalizing urban New Jersey. NJRA invests financial and
technical resources into redevelopment projects to ensure that projects are
urban-focused, neighborhood-based and investment-driven.

For further information please visit: http://www.state.nj.us/

LOAD-DATE: September 7, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             198 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                             The Salt Lake Tribune

                           December 20, 2007 Thursday

Affordable housing fund puts out $7.4M for 13 projects

BYLINE: By Lisa Rosetta The Salt Lake Tribune

SECTION: LOCAL; Breaking

LENGTH: 632 words


Posted: 7:52 PM- Marion Willey said the 1,800 affordable housing units he
manages around the state are nearly always occupied.

The difference is now there are wait lists - long ones - to get into them, said
the executive director of the Western Region Non-Profit Housing Corporation.

For seniors and disabled people living on fixed incomes, that means getting into
an apartment could take as long as one-and-a-half to two years.

It's yet another sign that Utah's strong real estate market, which has seen home
prices and apartment rents climb at a steep pitch, has made affordable housing
scarce.

On Thursday, the Olene Walker Housing Loan Fund Board approved $7.4 million -
one of its single largest payouts ever - for the purchase, renovation and
construction of 13 low-income housing projects.

The loans will help expand Utah's affordable housing stock by 700 units for rent
or purchase by families with earnings averaging below 34 percent of area median
income.

But Mike Glenn, director of housing, said it could take 18 to 24 months for
those projects to come online. Anticipating this, the board awarded money to
different housing authorities, allowing them to distribute tenant-based rental
assistance vouchers to people renting market-rate units.

"That's more of a stop-gap," he said.

Census figures from 2000 show there is about a 2,500-unit gap in affordable
rental units annually, Glenn said.

"That's the gap between what we're able to help support and the unmet need," he
said. And it may be growing.

Economist Kelly Matthews has pointed out that a family with an annual income of
$51,000 in 2003 could have purchased a house valued at Salt Lake County's
average sale price of $187,000 with a 5 percent down payment. The buyers would
have had a monthly payment of $1,300, with interest rates at the time in the
range of 5.4 percent.

In the second quarter of this year, however, a family would have needed an
annual income of nearly $90,000 to purchase a house priced at Salt Lake County's
average of $298,000 with a 5 percent down payment. The monthly payment would be
about $2,250, Matthews said, with interest rates of 6.5 percent.

"We consider $160,000 affordable for purchase," Glenn said. "So basically,
unless they're willing to take a small condo some place, most people cannot
afford to move from a rental unit to an owner-occupied home."

That means there is more competition for market rate rental units, he said,
pushing up rents and making them less affordable.

Jed Millburn, principal of Apartment Realty Advisors-EquiMark, said apartment
rents in Salt Lake County went up 1.5 percent in 2005; 5 percent in 2006; and 7
percent in 2007. In dollars, that means monthly rents have climbed to about $697
from $641.

But that number, which is an average, can be deceptive, Millburn said. In some
professionally managed communities, monthly rents climbed between $70 and $100
last year alone.

He attributes the increase to fewer people buying homes in the wake of the
subprime lending debacle, limited availability of multi-family products and
strong job growth.

The bottom line for low-income families, Glenn said, is it means fewer
affordable options.

Thursday's big payout has left the Olene Walker Housing Loan Fund, which
celebrates its 20th anniversary this year, nearly depleted. Only about $200,000
is left to invest in projects over the next six months, though its slated to be
replenished in May and July, at the start of the new federal and state fiscal
years.

The governor's proposed budget also recommends spending an additional $1.6
million on the loan fund.

"In the meantime, we'll go ahead and approve projects prospectively, pending the
availability of future funding," said Gordon Walker, director of the Utah
Division of Housing and Community Development.

lrosetta@sltrib.com

LOAD-DATE: January 4, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2007 The Salt Lake Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved


                             199 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       San Jose Mercury News (California)

                              July 6, 2015 Monday

Milpitas senior housing project sees partners added

BYLINE: By Ian Bauer, Milpitas Post

SECTION: COMMUNITIES; News

LENGTH: 1045 words


South Main Senior Lifestyles, a previously approved four-story, 389-unit senior
rental continuum-of-care retirement project on the former sites of the Ooh La
Lodge and Main Street Mobile Home and RV Park, saw changes made to its
development and disposition agreement with the city.

Milpitas City Council, convening as the city's housing authority commission June
16, learned the first phase of the two-phased project will initially include 199
rental units (including 10 for very-low-income units) located at 1504 to 1620 S.
Main St. on 5.9 acres that will be designed to be accessible to the disabled,
licensed for assisted living and enable congregate care residents with an
average age of 80 and older to age in place.

To make this happen, Milpitas City Manager Tom Williams told the council South
Main Senior Lifestyles -- developed by Joe Callahan of Pleasanton-based Callahan
Property Co. Inc. and approved by the city last November -- has partnered with
institutional equity investor The Wolff Company via its Wolff Real Estate
Partners II LP investment fund, a multi-family and senior housing investor and
developer that has headquarters in Scottsdale, Ariz.

As proposed, Wolff will provide more than $23 million in equity funding for the
project. This includes the estimated $2 million in remaining pre-development
costs and approximately $21 million of equity required to construct, market,
lease and manage the operations of the phase one project, city reports state.

In addition, South Main Senior Lifestyles selected Integral Senior Living LLC of
Carlsbad, Calif., a senior housing operator, as phase one's operator.

Integral, also known as ISL, will advise on the final detailed design and
provide marketing, leasing and staff to manage and operate the facility, city
reports state. ISL, which employs about 3,800 people throughout the country,
will likely create up to 70 new jobs in Milpitas with this project, according to
the city.

"This project before you has to remain as a senior project with a low-income
component," Williams told the council.

Milpitas City Council, convening as the city's housing authority in 2013, voted
unanimously to convey the land at no cost to its developer, in lieu of foregoing
a previously agreed upon $7.7 million in financial assistance from the
now-defunct Milpitas Redevelopment Agency.

According to city staff, the South Main Senior Lifestyles project was subject to
the 2011 dissolution of redevelopment state law criteria.

As such, city staffers say if the project is not built out as approved for
senior housing with the low-income housing component, the property is subject to
a "clawback" by the Milpitas Oversight Board and California Department of
Finance, and could be lost from city control.

"This scenario would result in the city paying these agencies for the property
with an order to sell the land at its highest and best use with the proceeds
distributed to other taxing entities," city reports state. "The city could
possibly lose between $12 million to $18 million if the project is not built per
the state."

As part of the changes to the development agreement, the city agreed to an
extension to the contract's closing deadline for phase one from Nov. 19, 2015 to
June 30, 2016.

"The phase one start of construction would move from December 2015 to July
2016," Williams said. "Phase one completion would move from the target date of
December 2017 to July 2019."

The city manager asserted the development team would more "easily adhere" to
this new updated construction schedule.

"And in talking with them staff recommended that we push out the dates more than
what they were requesting just so we wouldn't have to come back to the city
council in the future and give plenty of opportunity to implement the project,"
Williams said.

He added phase two's start of construction (for the 190 units) would move from
December 2019 to June 2021, with a completion date moving to June 2023.

"So the total project -- phase one and phase two -- will be done no later than
June 2023," Williams said.

Under council questions, Councilwoman Debbie Giordano called this "a new type of
project" in the Milpitas community.

"Correct," Williams said. "And we don't have a product like phase one in the
city at all."

But Vice Mayor Carmen Montano wondered about parking amenities.

In response, Callahan said phase one would feature a one-level subterranean
garage that would provide parking for some seniors.

"And what we anticipate is (parking) for regular staff which on the high side is
35 employees...," Callahan said. "In our other projects assisted living
residents do not have cars...so we're providing 144 spaces in the garage
structure which we think is quite a bit more than will be required."

Montano said she was concerned because she lives in the nearby Starlite Pines
neighborhood.

"And a lot of the developments, a lot of the tenants, are parking in the
residential areas and it's become a problem so I'm concerned about that...," she
said.

Later, Montano also wondered whether there would be a trail or path linking the
senior development to the new park and school planned nearby on McCandless
Drive.

Williams replied the trail system will be part of the "build out" of the
Milpitas Transit Area Specific Plan but added to cross the nearby railroad
pedestrians would have to walk to Montague Expressway or Great Mall Parkway to
access that new park.

Esteves also wanted to know why the project was delayed.

"What's the real reason why it's taking up to 2023 to complete... Is there a way
to crunch the schedule?" Esteves asked.

Callahan said construction will start next year. "And be in a position to offer
occupancies in phase one late in 2017," Callahan added. "We're simply being
conservative; this is such a large and complicated project."

"So a strong possibility that you'll be completed earlier," Esteves said.

"Much earlier, yes sir, absolutely," Callahan replied.

Although the council voted to note receipt and file on this item, Williams, as
part of his administrative powers, effectively changed the development agreement
with South Main Senior Lifestyles to add the two other partnering companies and
extend the timeframe for the project's construction. The report was held partly
to update the council on those changes.

LOAD-DATE: July 7, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2015 San Jose Mercury News
                              All Rights Reserved


                             200 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The Calgary Herald (Alberta)

                          September 22, 2010 Wednesday
                                 Final Edition

Tax credits touted as key to homelessness

BYLINE: Sarah McGinnis, Calgary Herald

SECTION: CITY & REGION; Pg. B6

LENGTH: 582  words


T ax cuts -- and not more funding for government-led programs -- could be the
key to helping end homelessness in Canada if Ottawa offers tax credits to lure
private enterprise into building more low-income housing, according to a policy
paper released by the University of Calgary.

The report, issued by the university's School of Public Policy on Tuesday, says
U.S.-style tax credits could help stem the tide of condo conversions and make it
more financially viable for developers to construct new multi-family rental
units.

Affordable housing has become particularly critical in cities like Calgary,
where roughly a third of all multi-family rental housing units in this city have
disappeared since 1992, said Marion Steele, resident research associate for the
University of Toronto's Cities Centre, who also co-authored the report.

"Homelessness is a problem that will be solved only with the involvement of the
private sector. We believe we must pay attention to tax incentives and
regulatory measures to harness the energy and efficiency of the private sector."
said Steele.

The tax incentives being proposed are based on the U.S. low income housing tax
credit, which has been operating since 1986.

It would modify existing Canadian tax laws to offer breaks to developers who
include affordable housing units in new construction. Building owners making
major repairs on apartments with an eye to converting them into condominiums
could also be eligible for the tax credits, if they make a long-term pledge to
maintain the units as rentals.

While the tax credits would divert $50 million in tax revenues from federal
coffers in its first year, $100 million in the second year and $150 million in
its third year, it would fund between 3,500 and 5,000 rental units nationwide,
said Steele.

Alberta's share of this boost to rental spaces would be between 300 and 500
units, she estimated.

The tax cuts are a small government investment that could yield dramatic results
because they offer a financial incentive for private business to get involved in
helping address a social concern, said Ron Kneebone, director of economic and
social policy research for U of C's school of public policy.

And ultimately it will be the taxpayer who wins out, he said.

"Every homeless person costs the system, the government and taxpayers, well into
$100,000 a year," Kneebone said.

By focusing on tax credits, the plan makes use of existing government
departments and cuts down on administrative costs, he said.

Calgary Homeless Foundation president and CEO Tim Richter was thrilled by the
proposal, which would also offer tax credits to non-profits pursuing their own
affordable housing.

"I don't think we can end homelessness in Calgary or in Canada without
meaningful involvement of the federal government as well as the private sector,"
said Richter.

The Province of Alberta is investing around $188 million in affordable housing
projects this year, some of which came from federal stimulus programs, said
Richter.

"This is another way of bringing the federal government in using the tax system
in a way that is a modest (upfront cost), but is based on a proven concept," he
said.

Finance Canada would not comment on the feasibility of establishing the low
income housing tax credit because the department "does not comment on proposed
measures," said department spokesman Jack Aubry.

An official with Alberta Housing and Urban Affairs said the department would
definitely review the policy paper.

smcginnis@calgaryherald.com

LOAD-DATE: September 22, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:
Colour Photo: Calgary Herald Archive; Calgary Homeless  Foundation president Tim
Richter backs a study proposing tax credits  to boost construction of low-income
housing.;

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


Copyright 2010 The Calgary Herald, a division of Canwest MediaWorks Publication
                                      Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             201 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             March 17, 2017 Friday

March 10, 2017 - HMFA March Board Agenda Continues to Prioritize Housing and
Financing Needs for Low- and Middle-Income Residents

LENGTH: 533  words

DATELINE: New York



 Trenton: New Jersey Department of Community Affairs has issued the following
news release:
 The New Jersey Housing and Mortgage Finance Agency (NJHMFA) Board at its March
meeting approved key agenda items that will expand homebuyer assistance programs
and provide short term pre-development loans for public housing authorities to
determine scope of needed repairs.





 In its ongoing effort to implement new programs that help individuals and
families realize their dreams of homeownership, the HMFA Board approved
revisions to the NJ HomeSeeker Down Payment Assistance Program Guidelines. The
goal of the Home Seeker Down Payment Assistance Program is to assist in the
stabilization of targeted counties hardest hit by the foreclosure crisis in New
Jersey.



 "HomeSeeker will provide a flat $16,000 assistance loan, at 0 percent interest,
which will be forgiven after five years, provided the homebuyer remains in the
home," Marchetta explains. "This program will essentially jumpstart the
homebuying process for individuals and families who qualify for purchases in
targeted HomeSeeker neighborhoods, and who might otherwise find themselves short
on cash for down payment and/or closing costs."



 In December 2016, the HMFA Board approved the allocation of more than $20
million for the Home Seeker program. That funding is part of the additional
Troubled Asset Relief Funds obligated by the U.S. Treasury in February 2016 to
the Hardest Hit Fund Program's fifth round of funding totaling $103,085,818.



 HMFA Executive Director Anthony L. Marchetta points out that the launch of
HomeSeeker will ease the homebuying process for qualifying individuals and
families who need upfront cash.



 The HMFA Board also approved six pre-development loan commitments through the
Fund for Restoration of Multifamily Public Housing Authority Set-Aside Program
(FRM-PHA) to provide seed money to PHAs seeking financing. The pre-development
loans will allow the Public Housing Authorities to pay for eligible up-front
costs to determine if the proposed scope of rehabilitation work is feasible. The
FRM-PHA offers subsidies in the form of loans to owners capable of managing
large multi-family housing developments.



 The six developments that received FRM-PHA Pre-Development Loan commitments are
Monroe Gardens, Andrew Jackson Gardens, Christopher Columbus, Adams Gardens and
Harrison Gardens, all located in Hoboken, Hudson County; and Pecks Beach, in
Ocean City, Cape May County.



  HMFA responds to the needs of New Jersey residents by implementing creative
programs and establishing alliances that fund affordable home mortgages for
first-time home buyers; promote construction and rehabilitation of rental
housing; encourage mixed-income, owner-occupied housing growth as a means to
stabilize urban neighborhoods; advance the growth and development of
municipalities; contribute to the quality of life of older adults, the disabled
and those with special housing needs; and formulate partnerships to foster the
economic development of New Jersey and the personal development of its
residents.
 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.info


LOAD-DATE: March 21, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2017 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             202 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        The Augusta Chronicle (Georgia)

                           October 25, 2006 Wednesday
                                  ALL EDITION

MANAGERS ATTEND SAFETY CONFERENCE COMMUNITY EFFORT KEY, AUTHORITIES SAY

BYLINE: By J. Scott Trubey Staff Writer

SECTION: NEWS TIMES; Pg. O01

LENGTH: 678 words


Keith Hadlock, of Martinez, said he came looking for a way to make his
neighborhood a safer place to live.

The homeowner's association president of the 94-unit Applecross subdivision
behind Applecross Apartments has said crime trickling in from the apartment
complex is a concern.

On Thursday, Hadlock and apartment managers from Wedgewood Park, Petersburg
Place and several communities in Richmond County participated in a day-long
course designed to raise awareness about the causes of crime in rental
communities and proactive ways to deter it.

Star Corporal Tracy Walden, of the Savannah-Chatham Metropolitan Police
Department, who runs that city's Crime-Free Multi-Housing Program, attended the
course and said the greatest deterrents to crime within high-density housing
complexes are community action and preventive measures by property owners.

One of the first steps to reducing crime, she said, is building a sense of
community within multi-housing developments, where residents are transient and
typically don't know their neighbors.

"There's no ownership. People think they don't have a stake in it," Walden said
of renters versus homeowners. "They're not paying attention and they don't think
there's anything they can do about (crime). Our job is to make them view
(complexes) as a community."

In July, the Columbia County Sheriff's Office reported that calls from some
multi-family housing developments were putting a strain on department resources.
Sheriff Clay Whittle requested and was granted an 11 percent budget increase
this year, in part because of the high volume of assistance calls placed from
within such communities.

Within a few weeks of a July report in The Columbia County News-Times concerning
crime figures and emergency calls from within some of the county's largest
rental communities, sheriff's deputies solicited complex managers to attend
Thursday's course. Columbia County sheriff's Deputy Kara McGahee, who runs the
local program, said the managers were seeking ways to improve their communities.

"They have a desire to create a better living environment and that is our
ultimate goal to make everyone feel safe in their communities," she said, adding
that currently Ridge Crossing Apartments is the sole member of the county's
Crime-Free Multi-Housing program.

Created in Mesa, Ariz., in 1992, the Crime-Free Multi-Housing program requires
criminal background checks of potential tenants, improved lighting, various
security features within communities and mandates a lease addendum that criminal
acts not be tolerated on the property with eviction as a possible punishment.

In return, police notify managers of criminal acts occurring on their
properties, participate with managers in yearly "safety socials" to educate
residents about crime and help in the community-building process.

Once communities complete a three-part application process, they are eligible to
be a crime-free community and are entitled to advertise with the program's logo
and place signs throughout the property, which can be a selling point, Walden
said. The cost to join depends on possible safety upgrades determined after an
evaluation of the property and the cost of criminal background checks.

In Chatham County, about 70 of the more than 130 apartment communities with 40
or more units have enrolled in the program since 1998. Though she didn't have
specific figures detailing the drop in apartment crime, Walden said calls in her
area have sharply declined.

Some of the worst communities in Chatham County, which would log more than 90
calls per quarter are now down into the single digits, she said. Columbia County
sheriff's Capt. Steve Morris said in July that deputies have been called to some
complexes dozens of times per month and sometimes more than once per day.

Though Hadlock said most residents within his neighborhood are homeowners, after
the program he is considering amendments to covenants to deter crime in the
community.

"We have to take pride in our own community and we have to put our foot forward
and say the buck stops here," Hadlock said.

LOAD-DATE: October 27, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:  Photo by J. Scott Trubey Star Corporal Tracy Walden, of the
Savannah-Chatham Metropolitan Police Department, gave a seminar to apartment
complex managers about her city's Crime-Free Multi-Housing program.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2006 Southeastern Newspapers Corporation
                              All Rights Reserved


                             203 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                   The Record-Eagle (Traverse City, Michigan)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                           October 28, 2015 Wednesday

BRIEF: GT Band receives housing grant

BYLINE: The Record-Eagle, Traverse City, Mich.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 130 words


Oct. 28--TRAVERSE CITY -- The Grand Traverse Band of Ottawa and Chippewa Indians
received USDA money to repair rural homes.

The band received $24,261 through the agency's Housing Preservation Grant
program, according to a USDA press release. Grants can be used for energy
efficiency and weatherization improvements or to fix up houses so they comply
with health and safety codes.

Grants will be distributed to individual homeowners and owners of multi-family
rental properties or cooperative dwellings who rent to low- and very low-income
residents.

The USDA distributed a total of $3.7 million through the program nationwide.

___ (c)2015 The Record-Eagle (Traverse City, Mich.) Visit The Record-Eagle
(Traverse City, Mich.) at record-eagle.com Distributed by Tribune Content
Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: October 29, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20151028-ZK-BRF-GT-Band-receives-housing-grant-1028-20151028

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: ZK


                        Copyright 2015 The Record-Eagle


                             204 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            February 7, 2017 Tuesday

Washington: Six Months Later: Partners Work for Progress in Louisiana Flood
Recovery

LENGTH: 922  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: Federal Emergency Management Agency has issued the following news
release:



  In the six months following the August flood, Louisiana recovery has moved
forward as a result of survivors helping one another, volunteer groups and
partnerships among different levels and agencies of government.





 The partnership has worked together to advance recovery in many ways. Work
includes mucking out homes, clearing debris, creating solutions to keep
displaced survivors close to home, advancing flood insurance payments and other
financial help to repair homes and businesses, and reimbursing local governments
for temporary school facilities.



 Survivors Staying Close to Home



 Survivors and communities have coordinated with the partnership to create
solutions that accommodate their situations and--most importantly--keep them
close to their schools, work and places of worship. Below are some of the
recovery actions that have been used to meet increased disaster housing needs:



     Volunteer groups, family, friends and neighbors have mucked out houses and
donated items and labor essential for recovery. These groups are important
because they're usually the first and last presence following any disaster.
Volunteers have contributed 750,000 hours to muck out and repair homes. They
have also mucked out nearly 3,400 homes.

     The state and FEMA worked to extend curbside debris removal to ensure all
affected residents received services needed to clean up and make repairs.
Approximately 4 million cubic yards of flood debris have been removed--more than
99 percent of the total amount--enough to fill 90 percent of the Superdome.

     Many National Flood Insurance Program (NFIP) policyholders received up to
50 percent advance payments to repair homes and businesses and replace contents
so they can return home and get back to work faster.

     The state requested a direct housing mission to supply Manufactured Housing
Units (MHUs) to some survivors who cannot find temporary housing within a
reasonable commuting distance. Units have been furnished, enhanced to meet
federal standards and custom fitted for survivors who have access and functional
needs.

         4,040 households have settled into 4,172 MHUs.

     Survivors have received other forms of temporary help--such as rental
assistance and providing hotel room expenses--if they're unable to return home.

         Nearly 67,000 households have received help to pay rent and more than
4,300 have received FEMA-funded hotel stays.

     Survivors have also received grants to repair their homes and make safe,
sanitary and functional so they can move back in.

         About 35,000 households have received help for home repairs.

     Rapid damage assessment response teams sped up the home inspection process
so survivors could get federal disaster assistance more quickly.

     The state's Shelter at Home program has engaged contractors to provide
emergency repairs to homes allowing families to stay there.

     FEMA's Multi-Family Lease and Repair (MLRP) program has created more
temporary housing options. The program provides funds to landlords to make
rental units habitable again in order for eligible FEMA applicants to occupy
them. The program has funded repairs to 142 rental units for flood survivors.



 Recovery through Partnerships



 The state, voluntary agencies, FEMA and other federal recovery partners have
coordinated solutions to overcome many recovery challenges after the August
flood:



     300 volunteer groups coordinate with FEMA to provide resources for unmet
needs. Volunteer groups are crucial parts of recovery because federal disaster
assistance alone cannot make survivors whole again.

     18 long-term recovery committees comprised of volunteer groups and FEMA
liaisons create solutions to fill in recovery gaps.

     Three faith-based groups have agreements with FEMA for 181 case managers to
work directly with survivors on recovery plans and matching needs to available
resources.

     Not long after the flood, disaster recovery specialists from various
federal agencies brought resources and expertise to assist recovery. The
Department of Housing and Urban Development, Department of Commerce, Department
of Health and Human Services, Department of Interior, FEMA and the U.S. Army
Corps of Engineers (USACE) work with state, local and parish governments,
community leaders and the private sector to build communities better prepared to
face disasters.

     USACE has assisted with debris removal, the restoration of critical
infrastructure, and inspecting and installing MHUs. They provided more than
3,000 MHU site inspections to ensure feasibility and hauled and placed about
1,200 units.

     The state requested FEMA to initiate the Watershed Resiliency Study. Data
will be used to determine ways to manage areas where rivers
drain--watersheds--and prevent or reduce infrastructure damage.

     Nearly 300 private sector entities in Louisiana used their abilities to
connect with communities efficiently to provide helpful information to 625,000
people, such as how to apply for FEMA help and tips on rebuilding safer,
stronger and smarter.

     FEMA typically reimburses 75 percent of eligible Public Assistance (PA)
expenses to eligible local and state government and certain private nonprofit
entities. However, applicants will be reimbursed 90 percent of eligible PA
expenses given the magnitude of the August flood.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: February 8, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2017 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             205 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            February 7, 2017 Tuesday

Washington: Six Months Later: Partners Work for Progress in Louisiana Flood
Recovery

LENGTH: 922  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: Federal Emergency Management Agency has issued the following news
release:



  In the six months following the August flood, Louisiana recovery has moved
forward as a result of survivors helping one another, volunteer groups and
partnerships among different levels and agencies of government.





 The partnership has worked together to advance recovery in many ways. Work
includes mucking out homes, clearing debris, creating solutions to keep
displaced survivors close to home, advancing flood insurance payments and other
financial help to repair homes and businesses, and reimbursing local governments
for temporary school facilities.



 Survivors Staying Close to Home



 Survivors and communities have coordinated with the partnership to create
solutions that accommodate their situations and--most importantly--keep them
close to their schools, work and places of worship. Below are some of the
recovery actions that have been used to meet increased disaster housing needs:



     Volunteer groups, family, friends and neighbors have mucked out houses and
donated items and labor essential for recovery. These groups are important
because they're usually the first and last presence following any disaster.
Volunteers have contributed 750,000 hours to muck out and repair homes. They
have also mucked out nearly 3,400 homes.

     The state and FEMA worked to extend curbside debris removal to ensure all
affected residents received services needed to clean up and make repairs.
Approximately 4 million cubic yards of flood debris have been removed--more than
99 percent of the total amount--enough to fill 90 percent of the Superdome.

     Many National Flood Insurance Program (NFIP) policyholders received up to
50 percent advance payments to repair homes and businesses and replace contents
so they can return home and get back to work faster.

     The state requested a direct housing mission to supply Manufactured Housing
Units (MHUs) to some survivors who cannot find temporary housing within a
reasonable commuting distance. Units have been furnished, enhanced to meet
federal standards and custom fitted for survivors who have access and functional
needs.

         4,040 households have settled into 4,172 MHUs.

     Survivors have received other forms of temporary help--such as rental
assistance and providing hotel room expenses--if they're unable to return home.

         Nearly 67,000 households have received help to pay rent and more than
4,300 have received FEMA-funded hotel stays.

     Survivors have also received grants to repair their homes and make safe,
sanitary and functional so they can move back in.

         About 35,000 households have received help for home repairs.

     Rapid damage assessment response teams sped up the home inspection process
so survivors could get federal disaster assistance more quickly.

     The state's Shelter at Home program has engaged contractors to provide
emergency repairs to homes allowing families to stay there.

     FEMA's Multi-Family Lease and Repair (MLRP) program has created more
temporary housing options. The program provides funds to landlords to make
rental units habitable again in order for eligible FEMA applicants to occupy
them. The program has funded repairs to 142 rental units for flood survivors.



 Recovery through Partnerships



 The state, voluntary agencies, FEMA and other federal recovery partners have
coordinated solutions to overcome many recovery challenges after the August
flood:



     300 volunteer groups coordinate with FEMA to provide resources for unmet
needs. Volunteer groups are crucial parts of recovery because federal disaster
assistance alone cannot make survivors whole again.

     18 long-term recovery committees comprised of volunteer groups and FEMA
liaisons create solutions to fill in recovery gaps.

     Three faith-based groups have agreements with FEMA for 181 case managers to
work directly with survivors on recovery plans and matching needs to available
resources.

     Not long after the flood, disaster recovery specialists from various
federal agencies brought resources and expertise to assist recovery. The
Department of Housing and Urban Development, Department of Commerce, Department
of Health and Human Services, Department of Interior, FEMA and the U.S. Army
Corps of Engineers (USACE) work with state, local and parish governments,
community leaders and the private sector to build communities better prepared to
face disasters.

     USACE has assisted with debris removal, the restoration of critical
infrastructure, and inspecting and installing MHUs. They provided more than
3,000 MHU site inspections to ensure feasibility and hauled and placed about
1,200 units.

     The state requested FEMA to initiate the Watershed Resiliency Study. Data
will be used to determine ways to manage areas where rivers
drain--watersheds--and prevent or reduce infrastructure damage.

     Nearly 300 private sector entities in Louisiana used their abilities to
connect with communities efficiently to provide helpful information to 625,000
people, such as how to apply for FEMA help and tips on rebuilding safer,
stronger and smarter.

     FEMA typically reimburses 75 percent of eligible Public Assistance (PA)
expenses to eligible local and state government and certain private nonprofit
entities. However, applicants will be reimbursed 90 percent of eligible PA
expenses given the magnitude of the August flood.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: February 7, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2017 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             206 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Greeley Tribune (Colorado)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                           February 4, 2016 Thursday

Greeley's rental market gets looser, stays expensive

BYLINE: Catherine Sweeney, Greeley Tribune, Colo.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 507 words


Feb. 04--Last year, one of Greeley's planners watched residents pull up to a
newly finished apartment complex with trucks full of furniture.

The units hadn't even been inspected yet, said John Barnett, Greeley's
long-range planner.

He saw firsthand the havoc the city's tight rental market wreaked on its
residents.

Hundreds of units went up in widespread tracts during the second half of the
year.

Their availability shoved the multi-family vacancy rate up. The rate increased
from a prohibitive 1.1 percent in the beginning of 2015 to a more manageable 5.7
percent in the third quarter, according to reports from the Colorado Department
of Local Affairs. Experts say this is a healthy number.

It's a sign of a market where supply and demand balance each other. It gives
landlords time to refurbish and make repairs between tenants, but it keeps
demand high enough that companies don't lose money.

While it's getting easier to find apartments in Greeley, it's not getting any
easier to pay for them. Despite the increase in supply, Greeley's average rent
continues to climb. From the beginning of 2015 to the third quarter of the year,
average rent increased by more than 8 percent to $957 from $883.

Barnett said about 600 units opened for lease during that time, many of them in
sprawling apartment complexes. For example, Creekview Apartments opened at 83rd
Avenue and 20th Street. It provided Greeley with almost 350 new units.

"They will absolutely change the vacancy rate," Barnett said. "That, basically,
is what we think did it."

Mike Davidson is the director of sales and marketing for Timnath-based Hartford
Homes. The company builds multi-family projects in Greeley. He remembers taking
calls through the fall from desperate residents looking for a place to live.

"Through the fall, it was crazy," he said. "We were getting calls all the time."

Residents were even more anxious to find a place because they'd had roommates or
were sleeping on couches during the recession. Once people had the money, they
wanted a place for themselves.

The increased availability has also made it a little easier for those using
government subsidies to find an apartment, said Thomas Teixeira, Greeley and
Weld County Housing Authorities executive director.

Once a family gets approved for a housing voucher, which helps them pay for a
unit, they have 30 days to find one. Teixeira has seen more families nab a place
before the deadline. But it's not perfect.

"It's still tight," he said. "Even the 5 percent is still tight. No one's
reducing rents that I know of."

That's not going to happen anytime soon, Barnett said.

New apartments are more expensive than dated ones, so if anything, they'll raise
the average rents.

A vacancy rate of 5 percent signifies a balanced market, not a renter's market,
he said. There is no shortage of tenants, so landlords aren't fighting for them
with competitive prices.

___ (c)2016 the Greeley Tribune (Greeley, Colo.) Visit the Greeley Tribune
(Greeley, Colo.) at www.greeleytribune.com Distributed by Tribune Content
Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: February 9, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20160204-GY-Greeley-s-rental
-market-gets-looser-stays-expensive-0204-20160204

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: GY


                         Copyright 2016 Greeley Tribune


                             207 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                   The Vancouver Province (British Columbia)

                           November 27, 2014 Thursday
                                 Final Edition

Concert continues to raise the building bar; Ongoing Commitment To Excellence In
Building Earns Five Finalist Spots

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. B9

LENGTH: 446 words


Shortly after the Canadian Home Builders' Association of B.C. established the
Georgie Awards in 1992, Concert was enthusiastically entering - and winning.
Concert's senior vice-president, sales and marketing, Rod Wilburn says: "Our
first Georgie was 1993 Most Creative/Innovative Builder in the
Design/Development of Affordable Housing. Our 600 Drake rental property
pioneered the micro rental suite concept."

Over two decades later, Concert's Salt project in Downtown South tackles yet
another timely community issue - housing affordability. Not surprisingly,
Concert and Salt are finalists in five different categories, including
Residential Community of the Year and Multi-Family Home Builder of the Year.
Located on a compact building site of less than 12,000

square feet at the corner of Hornby and Drake streets, Salt was designed as a
uniquely attainable home-ownership option in a market often dominated by
cost-prohibitive luxury. It is a 31-storey highrise with 194 modern suites and
3,326 square feet of streetlevel commercial space. Of the 194 suites, most range
from 475-squarefoot one-bedrooms to 934-squarefoot two-bedroom and den homes.
Sub-penthouse and penthouse twobedroom-and-den homes were also released.

Vancouver architects Bingham Hill and Richard Henry Architect designed Salt to
be tall and slender. Form elements, glazing proportions, stacked balconies, bay
windows and relatively small floor plates reinforce this objective. The top
flourish adds an attractive shadowbox element, distinguishing Salt in the
ever-changing skyline.

Salt was designed to meet LEED Gold green building standards. Seventy-five per
cent of construction waste was diverted from landfill and where feasible,
building materials were selected for local availability and recycled content.
Green roofs and landscaped amenity spaces utilize drought-tolerant, native
species to reduce the heat island effect, storm water run-off and improve
thermal efficiency.

Furthering the objective of a revitalized community, the secondfloor rooftop
terrace was designed for relaxation and socializing; community garden space lets
residents connect with nature and indulge their green thumbs. The north exterior
facade is home to a bold public art piece. In 2013, Concert was recognized with
a Platinum Georgie, which is awarded to companies that have taken home 25 or
more statues. Wilburn concludes: "Industry awards serve as a powerful signal to
prospective homebuyers that we do quality, industry-leading work that is well
respected among our peers. We are excited to again be recognized by way of these
prestigious industry awards." !@COPYRIGHT=© 2014 Postmedia Network Inc. All
rights reserved.

LOAD-DATE: November 27, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2014 The Vancouver Province
                              All Rights Reserved


                             208 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                      Saint Paul Pioneer Press (Minnesota)

                          February 18, 1998 Wednesday

RESIDENTS SUCCESSFUL: BUILDING'S SALE BLOCKED

BYLINE: Charles Laszewski, Staff Writer

SECTION: METRO; Pg. 2C

LENGTH: 454 words


In the battle over affordable housing, the tenants of a St. Paul apartment
building won a reprieve when a federal agency blocked the sale of the
Selby-Dayton Apartments to a developer who was going to charge much higher rent.

The reprieve was won through a classic grassroots effort. Several of the tenants
worked with the Community Stabilization Project to organize the other residents
in the 93-unit apartment complex on Dayton Avenue near the St. Paul Cathedral.
Then the attorney for the group, Jack Cann, wrote a letter pointing out that HUD
had to block the sale under its rules.

Howard Goldman, director of the multi-family division of the HUD office in
Minneapolis, acknowledged he probably would have allowed the sale were it not
for that letter, because "I frankly was not aware the statute existed."

"This is the first instance of this type that the department has been asked to
approve," Goldman said Tuesday.

Sherry Yarbrough, who along with Linda Whitmore organized neighbors to keep the
low-rental units from being sold out from under them, was pleased when she heard
the news late last week.

"We are proud," Yarbrough said. "With welfare reform and only entry-level jobs,
if we lost this, we would basically be homeless. I'm happy. I'm very elated."

The apartment building has been part of HUD's Section 8 low- and moderate-income
program for 25 years. The brick building has become run-down in that time, but
because it is in a neighborhood where many of the homes have been restored to
their former splendor, developer Gerald Frisch of Major Management Co. was
willing to purchase it, rehabilitate it and pay off the remainder of the HUD
mortgage, which wasn't due to expire until 2015.

By paying off the loan early, Frisch thought he would be free of the HUD rules
and could rent the apartments at a higher market rate. However, Cann found a
federal law saying that if HUD holds the mortgage, it can't approve the sale
unless the buyer is willing to maintain the same advantageous rents through the
end of the original mortgage - in this case, 2015. After consulting with lawyers
in Washington, D.C., Goldman concurred.

Frisch could not be reached for comment Tuesday.

City Council member Jerry Blakey, who was involved in trying to preserve the
lower rents at Selby-Dayton, said he was pleased with the decision and said the
city should be willing to subsidize any new owner's attempt to fix up the
apartments.

Goldman said it will cost at least $800,000 to replace windows, cabinets,
appliances, the roof and other items in the apartments.

Susan Kimberly, a supervisor in the city's department of Planning and Economic
Development, said the city stands ready to help.

LOAD-DATE: October 18, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                     Copyright 1998 St. Paul Pioneer Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                             209 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                      Copyright 2016 Zoom Information Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                            Zoom Company Information

                                   July 2016

                    Capital Area Housing Finance Corporation

                     4101 Parkstone Heights Dr.  Suite 280
                               Austin,  TX 78746
                                 United States

* * * * * * * * * * COMMUNICATIONS * * * * * * * * * *
TELEPHONE: (512) 347-9903
FAX: (512) 732-8341
URL: www.cahfc.org

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
EMPLOYEES: 2

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *

   The Capital Area Housing Finance Corporation (CAHFC) was created in 1981 to
assist in meeting the housing needs of low and moderate income families in
Bastrop, Blanco, Burnet, Caldwell, Fayette, Hays, Lee, Llano and Williamson
Counties, as well as the City of San Marcos. The Corporation provides both
single family home ownership and multi-family rental opportunities to persons
meeting certain income requirements. We provide down payment assistance programs
for first time homebuyers to assist families in achieving the goal of
homeownership by decreasing the financial burden of mortgage and related
purchase costs. We also finance the construction or acquisition of multi family
communities to provide below market rate rental opportunities.  CAHFC has
created two subsidiary entities to further its goals. Capital Area Affordable
Housing Development, LLC (CAAHD) was created to build affordable single family
homes in rural areas. Capital Area Multi-Housing (CAMH) was created to act as a
non-profit owner or developer for projects financed by CAHFC or other entities.
These projects may be new construction or rehabilitation of existing
multi-family communities.  The CAHFC works with its staff, consultants,
builders, realtors, lenders and local leaders to build relationships that
benefit area residents, their communities and counties. By providing these
programs, and building local and regional partnerships, the CAHFC is turning
local dreams of home ownership into reality while continua

LOAD-DATE: July 14, 2016


                             210 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The Globe and Mail (Canada)

                            June 10, 2015 Wednesday
                            British Columbia Edition

REAL ESTATE;
Vancouver releases plan for family housing

BYLINE: WENDY STUECK

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. S1

LENGTH: 511 words

DATELINE: VANCOUVER


Under pressure to address housing prices and supply, the City of Vancouver has
unveiled plans to encourage more family housing near schools, parks and
community centres and to boost the numbers of family oriented units in new
developments, including social housing.

The proposals come amid a roiling public debate over housing in Vancouver, where
the average price of a detached home soared to a record $2.23-million in May, up
19.2 per cent from $1.87-million in the same month last year, according to
statistics from the Real Estate Board of Greater Vancouver.

Under proposals outlined in a staff report released on Tuesday, Vancouver would
develop a citywide rezoning policy to promote construction of more high-density
multi-family units in singlefamily neighbourhoods that have facilities such as
schools and parks, boost the requirements for family-oriented units in new
residential projects from 25 to 35 per cent, and require 50 per cent of units in
new social housing to be suitable for families.

"We're going to keep looking at new ideas to meet our affordable housing
challenges head-on, and make sure we're providing opportunities for young people
to put down roots in Vancouver," Mr. Robertson said in a statement.

Details of how the policies would work are expected to come in a staff report
later this year.

"It is definitely a great step in the right direction," Eveline Xia, who
launched the #donthave1million Twitter hashtag to highlight Vancouver's
unaffordable housing prices and helped organize a recent public rally on housing
issues. Ms. Xia, 29, a renter in Mount Pleasant, was most pleased by the the
city's recognition that three-bedroom rental accommodation is in short supply,
saying more of that type of housing would help her and other young people stay
in the city once they start families.

Less than 1 per cent of Vancouver's rental units have three bedrooms.

About 8,000 families live in one-bedroom or studio accommodation, and 621
households with three or more people are on B.C. Housing's waiting list for
subsidized homes, the staff report said.

The housing issue has landed in the political arena, with Vancouver Mayor Gregor
Robertson recently calling for a speculation tax on house flippers, a concept
that B.C. Premier Christy Clark dismissed.

Ms. Clark also rejected the idea of clamping down on foreign investors, who some
maintain are fuelling the demand, particularly at the high end of the market.

As the city tries to ensure more new family housing is built, an existing pool
of such housing stock is at risk.

Over the next few years, federal government subsidies for co-op housing are
scheduled to end, meaning rents could go up and low-income tenants could be
squeezed out.

Nearly 21,000 low-income households, including nearly 4,000 in B.C., will be
affected.

The Co-operative Housing Federation of Canada and CHF BC, supported by the
Federation of Canadian Municipalities, has launched a campaign to ask provincial
governments to step in with a rent assistance program for co-ops for which
federal operating agreements are ending.

LOAD-DATE: June 10, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 2015 The Globe and Mail, a division of CTVglobemedia Publishing Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             211 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            August 23, 2016 Tuesday

Hawaii: Executive Summary STATE HOUSING STRATEGY Governor David Ige

LENGTH: 763  words

DATELINE: New York



 Honolulu: David Y. lge Governor of the State of Hawaii, The State of Hawaii has
issued the following news release:



  The housing shortage in Hawai'i is a long-standing, complex issue that the
state alone cannot solve.



 Addressing this issue requires collaboration between all major stakeholders -
state government, housing

 developers, the non-profit sector and the counties. The Ige administration is
committed to working

 collaboratively on solutions to the housing shortage, many of which are
long-term in nature. During the

 first quarter of 2016, we listened to what affordable housing developers, the
Land Use Foundation, and

 the Building Industry Association felt were most important in order to get
homes built. A draft housing

 strategy was produced from those discussions that outline goals and initiatives
the administration is

 currently working on.

 GOALS:

 Build homes that people can afford, including rentals, to address the needs of
those entering the workforce.

 Renovate public housing facilities. On O'ahu, identify state lands near transit
stations for housing,

 employment centers, daycare, senior centers, and community facilities.

 KEY INITIATIVES AND OBJECTIVES

 [#xfffd][#x201a][#xfffd] Establish production target: A production target of
10,000 housing units statewide by 2020 was

 established. Because of the current housing crisis, the Ige administration is
currently focused on housing

 projects that are already in the planning and production pipeline. Given the
realities of construction and

 the ability of the market to absorb the completed units, we believe this is a
realistic and achievable goal.

 In addition to accelerating the delivery of affordable housing in the short
run, we are formulating a

 production goal for the next 10 years that focuses on multi-family rental
housing units for lower income

 families.

 [#xfffd][#x201a][#xfffd] Reorient targeted policies: State housing agencies are
working to reorient targeted policies to facilitate

 production. Recent changes made to the Low-Income Housing Tax Credit (LIHTC)
program by HHFDC

 is a good example. Non-competitive tax credits are now available to developers
on a year- round basis

 as opposed to being available only twice a year. The new criteria are now being
applied and awards to

 assist low-income rental projects are anticipated to be made by October 2016.

 Reorient targeted

 policies

 Production target:

 10,000 units

 Maximize financing

 tools & support

 Infrastructure

 Renovate public

 housing

 [#xfffd][#x201a][#xfffd] Maximize financing tools and provide assistance for
infrastructure: The administration worked with the

 legislature to increase funding for low-income rental housing projects as well
as the ability to finance

 infrastructure necessary for housing projects during the 2016 legislative
session. This resulted in an

 infusion of $75 million into the Rental Housing Revolving Fund. Groundwork such
as roads, drainage,

 water and sewer lines, is often the critical element for housing projects to
even begin. The collaborative

 work resulted in a $25 million infusion to the Dwelling Unit Revolving Fund
(DURF), which is a key source

 of funding for infrastructure.

 [#xfffd][#x201a][#xfffd] Renovate public housing: The Hawai'i Public Housing
Authority operates 85 public housing facilities that

 total 6,195 units for low-income families. In 2015, HPHA in partnership with
UPW, formed multi-skilled

 special teams to address the repair backlog in public housing facilities. In
2016, the agency worked with

 the legislature to secure $35 million to address a portion of the repair
backlog. HPHA is actively engaged

 in pursuing three major redevelopment projects: Mayor Wright Homes, North
School Street affordable

 housing project, and phase 2 of the Kuhio Park Terrace Redevelopment Project.

 PLANS FOR ACHIEVING THE GOALS

 Over the next several years, the state housing agencies will continue focusing
on leveraging state funds and

 reducing regulatory barriers within the state's control to increase the
inventory of affordable housing. As we

 move forward, we remain committed to the mission of increasing housing for a
continuum of income levels,

 and being strategic about investing our limited resources, both human and
financial, to develop long-term,

 sustainable solutions to benefit future generations in Hawai'i.

 For more information contact:

 Office of the Governor: 586-0034

 Hawai'i Housing Finance and Development Corporation: 587-0620

 Hawai'i Community Development Authority: 594-0300

 Hawai'i Public Housing Authority: 832-4694

 Office of Planning: 587-2846



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content please contact:
editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: August 24, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             212 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           August 14, 2013 Wednesday

Rural Development Voucher Program

LENGTH: 6315  words

DATELINE: Washington


Office of the Federal Register has issued the following notice:


Action

Proposed Rule.
Summary

The Rural Housing Service, an agency within the Rural Development mission area,
is adding new regulations to implement its Rural Development Voucher Program
(RDVP). Section 542 of the Housing Act of 1949, as amended, authorizes RDVP.
Since 2006, RD has conducted a demonstration voucher program which was funded
and authorized by Congress to protect eligible multi-family housing (MFH)
tenants in properties financed through Rural Development's Section 515 Rural
Rental Housing program who may be subject to economic hardship through
prepayment or foreclosure of the Rural Development mortgage. This demonstration
program has been operating by utilizing a Notice of Funding Availability (NOFA)
published annually in the Federal Register. Rural Development now proposes to
establish a permanent regulation for this program.
Unified Agenda
Rural Development Voucher Program

1 action from July 2013

July 2013
        Proposed Rule


Table of Contents Back to Top

DATES:
    ADDRESSES:
    FOR FURTHER INFORMATION CONTACT:
    SUPPLEMENTARY INFORMATION:
    Executive Order 12866, Classification
    Authority
    Unfunded Mandates Reform Act
    Environmental Impact Statement
    Executive Order 12988, Civil Justice Reform
    Executive Order 13132, Federalism
    Regulatory Flexibility Act
    Executive Order 12372, Intergovernmental Review of Federal Programs
    Programs Affected
    Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995
    Comments
    Executive Order 13175, Consultation and Coordination With Indian Tribal
Governments
    E-Government Act Compliance
    Background
    Program Outline
    List of Subjects in 7 CFR 3560
    PART 3560--DIRECT MULTI-HOUSEHOLD HOUSING LOANS AND GRANTS
    Subpart Q--Rural Development Voucher Program

DATES: Back to Top

Written comments must be received on or before October 15, 2013 to be assured
for consideration. The comment period for the information collection under the
Paperwork Act of 1995 continues through October 15, 2013.
ADDRESSES: Back to Top

You may submit comments to this rule by any of the following methods:

Federal eRulemaking Portal: http://www.regulations.gov. Follow the instructions
for submitting comments.
    Mail: Submit written comments via the U.S. Postal Service to the Branch
Chief, Regulations and Paperwork Management Branch, U.S. Department of
Agriculture, STOP 0742, 1400 Independence Avenue SW., Washington, DC 20250-0742.

    Hand Delivery/Courier: Submit written comments via Federal Express Mail or
other courier service requiring a street address to the Branch Chief,
Regulations and Paperwork Management Branch, U.S. Department of Agriculture, 300
7th Street SW., 7th Floor, Washington, DC 20024.

All written comments will be available for public inspection during regular work
hours at the 300 7th Street SW., 7th Floor address listed above.
FOR FURTHER INFORMATION CONTACT: Back to Top

Stephanie White, U.S. Department of Agriculture, Rural Development, Multifamily
Housing Portfolio Management Division, 1400 Independence Avenue SW., STOP 0782,
Washington, DC 20250-0782; email: stephanie.white@wdc.usda.gov; telephone (202)
720-1615.
SUPPLEMENTARY INFORMATION: Back to Top
Executive Order 12866, Classification Back to Top

This rule has been determined to be not significant for purposes of Executive
Order 12866 and, therefore, has not been reviewed by the Office of Management
and Budget (OMB).
Authority Back to Top

The RDVP is administered, subject to appropriations, by the U.S. Department of
Agriculture as authorized under Section 542 of the Housing Act of 1949, as
amended (42 U.S.C. 1490r).
Unfunded Mandates Reform Act Back to Top

Title II of the Unfunded Mandates Reform Act 1995 (UMRA) of Public Law 104-4
establishes requirements for federal agencies to assess the effects of their
regulatory actions on State, local, and tribal governments and the private
sector. Under section 202 of the UMRA, RHS generally must prepare a written
statement, including a cost-benefit analysis, for proposed and final rules with
"federal mandates" that may result in expenditures to State, local, or tribal
governments, in the aggregate, or to the private sector of $100 million or more
in any one year. When such a statement is needed for a rule, section 205 of UMRA
generally requires RHS to identify and consider a reasonable number of
regulatory alternatives and adopt the least costly, more cost-effective, or
least burdensome alternative that achieves the objectives of the rule. This rule
contains no federal mandates (under the regulatory provisions of Title II of the
UMRA) for State, local, and tribal governments or the private sector. Thus, this
rule is not subject to the requirements of sections 202 and 205 of the UMRA.
Environmental Impact Statement Back to Top

This document has been reviewed in accordance with 7 CFR part 1940, subpart G,
"Environmental Program." RHS has determined that this action does not constitute
a major federal action significantly affecting the quality of the human
environment, and in accordance with the National Environmental Policy Act (NEPA)
of 1969, 42 U.S.C. 4321 et seq., an Environmental Impact Statement is not
required.
Executive Order 12988, Civil Justice Reform Back to Top

This rule has been reviewed under Executive Order 12988, Civil Justice Reform.
In accordance with this rule: (1) All State and local laws and regulations that
are in conflict with this rule will be preempted; (2) no retroactive effect will
be given this rule; and (3) administrative proceedings in accordance with the 7
CFR part 11 must be exhausted before bringing suit in court challenging action
taken under this rule unless those regulations specifically allow bringing suit
at an earlier time.
Executive Order 13132, Federalism Back to Top

It has been determined, under Executive Order 13132, Federalism, that this rule
does not have sufficient federalism implications to warrant the preparation of a
Federalism Assessment. The provisions contained in the rule will not have a
substantial direct effect on States or their political subdivisions or on the
distribution of power and responsibilities among the various government levels.

Regulatory Flexibility Act Back to Top

This rule has been reviewed with regard to the requirements of the Regulatory
Flexibility Act (5 U.S.C. 601-612). The undersigned has determined and certified
by signature of this document that this rule will not have a significant
economic impact on a substantial number of small entities. This rule will affect
both small and large entities in the same manner. This rule proposes no
significant changes in information collection or regulatory requirements that
would have a negative impact on either small or large entities in an economic
way.
Executive Order 12372, Intergovernmental Review of Federal Programs Back to Top

This program is subject to the provisions of Executive Order 12372, which
require intergovernmental consultation with State and local officials. RHS will
conduct intergovernmental consultation in the manner delineated in RD
Instruction 1940-J, "Intergovernmental Review of Rural Development Programs and
Activities," available in any RHS office, on the Internet at
http://www.rurdev.usda.gov/rd_instructions.html, and in 7 CFR part 3015, subpart
V.
Programs Affected Back to Top

The Catalog of Federal Domestic Assistance (CFDA) number assigned to this
program is 10.448, Rural Housing Service Multi-Family Housing Rural Housing
Voucher Demonstration Program. The Catalog is available on the Internet and the
General Services Administration's (GSA's) free CFDA Web site at
https://www.cfda.gov. The CFDA Web site also contains a PDF file version of the
Catalog that, when printed, has the same layout as the printed document that the
Government Printing Office (GPO) provides. GPO prints and sells the CFDA to
interested buyers. For information about purchasing the CFDA from GPO, call the
Superintendent of Documents at (202) 512-1800 or toll free at (866) 512-1800, or
access GPO's online bookstore at http://bookstore.gpo.gov/.
Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995 Back to Top

In accordance with the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995, RHS is now seeking OMB
approval of the reporting and recordkeeping requirements contained in this
proposed rule. This information collection requirement will not become effective
until approved by OMB. Upon approval of this information collection, RHS will
publish a rule in the Federal Register.

Title: Rural Development Voucher Program.

OMB Number: 0575-NEW.

Type of Request: New collection.

Abstract: Information is completed by tenants, voucher holders, and landlords to
obtain or renew a Rural Development Voucher. The forms and information provide
the basis for determining the eligibility of the tenant for an Rural Development
Voucher, the voucher holder and landlord's responsibilities, the eligibility of
a rental unit, and the Rural Development Voucher amount information is also
collected to assure compliance with the terms and conditions of the lease, Rural
Development Housing Assistance Payments contract, and the voucher itself.

The collection of information will ensure that these federally funded grants are
made to eligible applicants for authorized purposes. This information will
enable the Agency to provide the necessary guidance and supervision to tenants,
voucher holders, and landlords to assure Congress and the public that Rural
Development vouchers will be used for the purposes for which they are intended.

Estimate of Burden: Public reporting burden for this collection of information
is estimated to average .25 hours per response.

Respondents: Recipients of RHS Federal financial assistance.

Estimated Number of Respondents: 2415.

Estimated Number of Responses: 2415.

Estimated Total Annual Burden on Respondents: 3985 hours.
Comments

Comments are invited on: (a) Whether the proposed collection of information is
necessary for the proper performance of functions Rural Development including
whether the information will have practical utility; (b) the accuracy of Rural
Development estimate of the burden of the proposed collection of information,
including the validity of the methodology and assumptions used; (c) ways to
enhance the quality, utility, and clarity of the information to be collected;
and (d) ways to minimize the burden of the collection of information on those
who are to respond, including through the use of appropriate automated,
electronic, mechanical, or other technological collection techniques or other
forms of information technology. Comments may be sent to Jeanne Jacobs,
Regulations and Paperwork Management Branch, U.S. Department of Agriculture,
Rural Development, STOP 0742, 1400 Independence Avenue SW., Washington, DC
20250-0742. All responses to this notice will be summarized and included in the
request for OMB approval. All comments will also become a matter of public
record.
Executive Order 13175, Consultation and Coordination With Indian Tribal
Governments Back to Top

This Executive Order imposes requirements on Rural Development in the
development of regulatory policies that have tribal implications or preempt
tribal laws. RHS has determined that the rule does not have a substantial direct
effect on one or more Indian tribe(s) or on either the relationship or the
distribution of powers and responsibilities between the Federal Government and
the Indian tribes. Thus, the rule is not subject to the requirements of
Executive Order 13175.
E-Government Act Compliance Back to Top

Rural Development is committed to complying with the E-Government Act to promote
the use of the Internet and other information technologies to provide increased
opportunities for citizen access to Government information and services and for
other purposes.
Background Back to Top

Section 542 of the Housing Act of 1949, as amended, authorizes the U.S.
Department of Agriculture (USDA) to make vouchers available to assist very-low
income families to reside in rental housing in rural areas. Since 2006, Congress
has funded the RDVP as a demonstration program, through appropriations acts, to
provide vouchers to any low-income tenants of properties financed through the
Section 515 Rural Rental Housing Program who may be subject to an increase in
their rents after prepayment of the Section 515 mortgage after September 30,
2005.

Prior appropriation language has established some different program requirements
than set out Section 542 of the Housing Act of 1949 (42 U.S.C. 1490r) (Housing
Act), such as the method of voucher value calculation and whether vouchers may
only be used in rural areas. Under the demonstration program, Rural Development
allowed the voucher to be used at the prepaid property or any other rental unit
in the United States and its territories that passed Agency physical inspection
standards and where the landlord accepted the voucher. Many Rural
Development-financed multifamily housing properties that prepay the Rural
Development mortgage or are subject to a foreclosure action are no longer
located in rural areas. To limit use of vouchers only to rural areas would
result in a hardship on tenants who wish to use their voucher and remain in such
former Rural Development-financed properties. Consequently, the Agency has
elected to issue this proposed rule with language that is based on what has been
provided consistently in recent appropriations language similar to its prior
demonstration program, in anticipation of a continuation of such legislation.

Prior appropriations language further differs from the Housing Act with respect
to eligibility (low income vs. very low income in the Housing Act); voucher
value calculation method (Housing and Urban Development section 8 market rent
approach vs. 30 percent of adjusted income approach); and circumstances when
vouchers can be issued (mortgage prepayment and foreclosure vs. no such
precedents to issuance). The Agency proposes to continue its demonstration
program policies in anticipation of similar legislative authority. If such
authority is not provided or is revised in future legislation, the agency will
revise its voucher program policies accordingly.
Program Outline Back to Top

After the receipt of prepayment or after the foreclosure action of a Section 515
mortgage, the Agency will notify tenants of the Section 515 property that they
may be eligible to receive a voucher. Tenants are eligible if they are low
income, and all members of a tenant's household must meet the citizenship
requirements established herein. A tenant interested in receiving a voucher must
return a signed document requesting the voucher and include requested materials
pertaining to the tenant's household eligibility.

Upon verification of eligibility, the Agency will send the tenant a Rural
Development Voucher packet containing all the information on the voucher process
and documentation to provide a perspective landlord evidence of the voucher rent
assistance from the Agency to a prospective landlord.

Section 542 of the Housing Act of 1949, as amended, limits the voucher amount to
what exceeds 30 percent of the household's monthly adjusted income and limits
the voucher to 10 percent of the household's gross monthly income. However,
since 2006 the appropriations language has authorized Rural Development to
calculate the amount of the voucher as the difference between the household's
total rent prior to prepayment or foreclosure, and the market rent for a
comparable unit. Rural Development anticipates this authority will continue.
This proposed rule provides that so long as permitted by law, the voucher amount
will be calculated according to the appropriations language.

Once the tenant has found a unit, the Agency will ensure that the unit meets
Rural Development inspection standards as defined in this part, once verified,
the Agency will execute a Rural Development Assistance Payments (RDAP) contract
with the landlord. The landlord must also execute a one-year lease with the
tenant that meets the requirements specified in this proposed rule. The term of
the RDAP contract and the lease should be concurrent. The Agency will make
electronic payments to the landlord following execution of the RDAP contract and
lease. Subject to appropriations, voucher holders may choose to renew their
vouchers in accordance with this proposed rule. If the tenant wishes to move,
the Agency sends a new voucher packet so that the tenant may begin the search
for a new unit. Vouchers may be terminated if either the tenant or the landlord
does not fulfill their responsibilities under this rule and related agreements.

List of Subjects in 7 CFR 3560 Back to Top

Fair housing
    Grant programs--Housing and Community Development
    Low- and moderate-income housing
    Public housing
    Rent subsidies

For the reasons set forth in the preamble, chapter XXXV, title 7, Code of
Federal Regulations, part 3560, is proposed to be amended to read as follows:
begin regulatory text
PART 3560--DIRECT MULTI-HOUSEHOLD HOUSING LOANS AND GRANTS Back to Top

1.The authority citation for part 3560 continues to read as follows:
Authority:

42 U.S.C. 1480.

2.The part heading for part 3650 is revised as set forth above.

3.In § 3560.1, add paragraph (a)(4) to read as follows:
§ 3560.1 Applicability and purpose.

(a) * * *

(4) Section 542 Rural Housing Voucher Program. A tenant-based voucher program
designed to offer protection to eligible multi-family housing tenants in
properties financed through the Section 515 Rural Rental Housing program who may
be subject to economic hardship through prepayment of the RHS mortgage. The
program is administered as the Rural Development Voucher Program.

* * * * *

4.In § 3560.11, add definitions for "Rural Development Assistance Payment
Contract," "Voucher," "Voucher assistance," "Voucher holder," "Voucher
household," and "Voucher value" in alphabetical order to read as follows:
§ 3560.11 Definitions.

* * * * *

Rural Development Assistance Payment Contract (RDAP). An agreement between the
landlord and the Agency providing for voucher assistance on behalf of a voucher
holder in exchange for the landlord agreeing to comply with requirements
outlined in this subpart.

* * * * *

Voucher. The Agency document that authorizes the voucher holder to use voucher
assistance at an eligible unit in accordance with this subpart.

Voucher assistance. The Agency housing subsidy paid pursuant to a voucher to a
landlord for a unit occupied by a voucher holder.

Voucher holder. A tenant in receipt of a current voucher.

Voucher household. The voucher holder and the persons living with the voucher
holder, but not including a resident assistant.

Voucher value. The maximum voucher assistance calculated as described in this
subpart available to the voucher holder.

* * * * *

5.Add subpart Q to read as follows:
end regulatory text
Subpart Q--Rural Development Voucher Program Back to Top
begin regulatory text

Sec.
    3560.801 Overview.
    3560.802 Purpose and definition.
    3560.803 Voucher holder and voucher household eligibility.
    3560.804 Voucher holder and voucher household responsibilities.
    3560.805 [Reserved]
    3560.806 Eligible units.
    3560.807 Voucher, lease, and RDAP requirements.
    3560.808 Landlord responsibilities.
    3560.809 [Reserved]
    3560.810 Voucher value and assistance.
    3560.811 Using the voucher.
    3560.812 Voucher term and renewal.
    3560.813 [Reserved]
    3560.814 Terminations and unauthorized assistance.
    3560.815 Monitoring and enforcement.
    3560.816-3560.849 [Reserved]
    3560.850 OMB control number.

§ 3560.801 Overview.

This subpart contains the policies and the requirements for tenants and
landlords who participate in the Rural Development Voucher Program (RDVP).
§ 3560.802 Purpose and definition.

(a) The Rural Development Voucher Program provides voucher assistance to tenants
of projects financed through a Rural Rental Housing loan that has either been
prepaid by the owner or foreclosed upon by the Agency after September 30, 2005.

(b) As used in this subpart, landlord means a legal person that rents a unit to
a voucher holder.
§ 3560.803 Voucher holder and voucher household eligibility.

Participation in the RDVP is voluntary and a tenant must apply for participation
in this program. Paragraphs (a) through (f) of this section list the criteria
for participation in the program. If the Agency makes a determination that the
tenant is ineligible for a voucher, the Agency will provide administrative
appeal rights pursuant to 7 CFR part 11 and § 3560.9. To be eligible as a
voucher holder, the tenant must:

(a) Reside in a Rural Rental Housing property on the date of the prepayment of
the Rural Rental Housing loan or upon foreclosure of the Rural Rental Housing
loan by the Agency. The prepayment or foreclosure must have occurred after
September 30, 2005;

(b) Be low-income on the date of prepayment or foreclosure;

(c) Must not be in breach of any unauthorized assistance repayment agreement
with the Agency;

(d) Along with members of the household, must not have been has been evicted
from federally assisted housing in the last 5 years;

(e) Along with all individuals residing in the household, be United States
citizens, United States non-citizen nationals, or qualified aliens, pursuant to
Section 214 of the Housing and Community Development Act of 1980 [42 U.S.C.
1436a]; and

(f) Return all documentation required by the Agency, including any and all
information that the Agency deems necessary to determine eligibility, within
timeframes specified by the Agency. All responses must be true and complete to
the tenant's knowledge.
§ 3560.804 Voucher holder and voucher household responsibilities.

Voucher holder responsibilities are the responsibilities of the voucher holder.
Noncompliance by the voucher holder and/or the voucher household may lead to
termination of the voucher holder from the Rural Development Voucher Program and
other remedies as permitted by law.

(a) The voucher holder must promptly notify the Agency of any violation of any
of the responsibilities in this section.

(b) For continued eligibility, the voucher holder must return all documentation
within timeframes specified by the Agency, and the information must be true and
complete to the voucher holder's knowledge. This includes any and all
information that the Agency determines necessary in the administration of the
program. Voucher holders will be provided a list of the required documentation
that must be submitted along with the timeframe to submit the documentation for
continued eligibility.

(c) The voucher holder is responsible for finding a unit with a landlord willing
to accept a voucher.

(d) The voucher holder must provide the Agency a copy of the lease signed by the
landlord and the voucher holder.

(e) The voucher holder must have legal capacity to enter into a lease.

(f) The voucher holder and members of the voucher household may not commit any
violations of the terms of lease that are substantial and repeated.

(g) The voucher holder must occupy the unit as his or her only residence and may
not be absent from the unit for more than 90 consecutive days. The voucher
holder must promptly notify the Agency in writing if and when the voucher holder
is away from the unit for over 90 days.

(h) The voucher holder must not sublet the unit or assign the lease.

(i) The voucher holder must promptly notify the Agency if and when the voucher
holder makes a change in rental units that is voluntary (e.g. moving from one
unit to another) or mandatory (e.g. eviction by the owner).

(j) The voucher holder must supply information requested by the Agency to verify
that the voucher holder is living in the unit or information related to the
household's absence from the unit. The Agency will provide the voucher holder a
list of information that is needed for the verification.

(k) The voucher holder must allow the Agency, or its representative, to inspect
the unit at reasonable times and after reasonable notice.

(l) The voucher holder must promptly notify the Agency in writing of any change
in voucher household composition.

(m) The voucher holder must give the Agency a copy of any landlord eviction
notice.

(n) The voucher holder must pay utility bills and provide and maintain any
appliances that the landlord is not required to provide for under the lease.

(o) The voucher holder and each household member must not:

(1) Own or have any financial interest in the unit (other than in a cooperative,
or be the owner of a manufactured home leasing a manufactured home space).

(2) Engage in abuse of drugs or alcohol, drug-related criminal activity or
violent criminal activity or other criminal activity that threatens the health,
safety, or right to peaceful enjoyment of other residents and persons residing
in the immediate vicinity of the premises.

(3) Damage the unit or premises (other than damage from ordinary wear and tear)
or permit any guest to damage the unit or premises.
§ 3560.805 [Reserved]
§ 3560.806 Eligible units.

Rural Development Voucher can be used at the prepaid property or for any other
housing unit in the United States or its territories that meet the requirements
specified in paragraphs (a) through (d) of this section.

(a) The unit must be maintained using the standards set forth at § 3560.103. The
Agency must determine that these standards are met prior to approving the use of
the voucher. As necessary, the Agency may conduct re-inspections of units to
ensure ongoing compliance with applicable standards.

(b) The landlord must indicate willingness to accept vouchers by executing a
RDAP contract with the Agency as described in § 3560.807.

(c) Vouchers cannot be used in combination with any other Federal, State, or
local housing subsidy of tenant rent payment. (e.g. the Agency's Rental
Assistance (RA) program, HUD's Housing Choice Voucher or other tenant-based RA
programs, or HUD's Public Housing program).

(d) The unit must be for rental housing, subject to a lease as described in §
3560.807. Vouchers cannot be used to pay for services provided in group homes,
nursing homes, or other housing arrangements that bundle services and housing.
§ 3560.807 Voucher, lease, and RDAP requirements.

A voucher, lease, and RDAP contract are used to document the responsibilities of
the Agency, landlord, and voucher holder. The required contents of each document
are described in this section.

(a) The Agency will provide to an eligible tenant that accepts the offer of a
voucher an executed voucher, in a form specified by the Agency, describing the
amount and requirements of the voucher.

(b) Voucher holders and landlords must execute and sign a written lease for the
unit. The lease must include the following information:

(1) Names of the landlord and tenants;

(2) Unit address and apartment number, if applicable;

(3) Term of the lease, including initial term of one year and provisions for
renewal;

(4) Amount of monthly rent; and

(5) The Agency prescribed Rural Development Tenancy Addendum, as described in
paragraph (c)(3)(vii) of this section, that sets forth the tenancy requirements
for the program.

(c) Landlords must execute the RDAP contract with the Agency before Voucher
payments can be made.

(1) The term of the RDAP contract must be concurrent with the term of the lease.
The RDAP contract cannot be effective prior to the date of the voucher holder's
lease or the Rural Rental Housing loan prepayment or mortgage foreclosure.

(2) The RDAP contract must be executed within 60 days of the beginning of the
lease term. If the RDAP contract is not executed within 60 days of the beginning
of the lease term, the landlord and voucher holder will execute a new lease so
that it will coincide with the RDAP contract. The Agency may make retroactive
voucher payments to cover a period of no more than 60 days prior to execution of
the RDAP, if a valid lease is in place. In no case will Rural Development make
payment on a voucher prior to the obligation of funds by the Agency regardless
lease status.

(3) The RDAP contract must include:

(i) A description of the purpose of the contract, lease requirements, the term
of the contract, and the amount of payment to the landlord;

(ii) Certification of compliance with voucher program regulations and the
applicable civil rights laws as set forth in § 3560.2(d);

(iii) A description of what actions will cause a breach of the contract and
associated remedies;

(iv) Acknowledgement of access to premises and records for purposes described in
§ 3560.815;

(v) The requirements for assignment of the RDAP contract;

(vi) Other provisions as deemed necessary by the Agency; and

(vii) A Rural Development Tenancy Addendum, that must be signed by both the
landlord and voucher holder, which include provisions required by the Agency to
delineate the legal terms of the lease, tenant and landlord rights and remedies
related to the use of the unit, and any Agency programmatic requirements such as
those necessary to assure equal access.

(4) If ownership of the unit is subject to a RDAP contract, the new landlord
must execute a new RDAP contract with the Agency.

(5) The RDAP contract may be assigned according to the terms of the agreement.
§ 3560.808 Landlord responsibilities.

The landlord must promptly notify the Agency if he or she is in violation of any
of the responsibilities in this subpart. Noncompliance by the landlord may lead
to termination of the landlord from the Rural Development Voucher Program.

(a) The landlord must comply with the RDAP contract, lease, and Rural
Development Tenancy Addendum;

(b) The landlord must carry out standard landlord functions during the lease
term, such as enforcing the lease, performing maintenance, collecting the
appropriate rent from the tenant, and charging tenants for any damage to the
unit;

(c) The landlord must maintain the unit in compliance with § 3560.103;

(d) The landlord must comply with fair housing and equal opportunity
requirements;

(e) The landlord must pay for utilities, maintenance, and other services unless
these are paid for by the tenant as specified in the lease; and

(f) The landlord must promptly notify the Agency in writing of any of the
following:

(1) A voucher holder's absence from the unit for a period exceeding 90
consecutive days;

(2) A change in the voucher holder's rental unit that is voluntary (e.g. moving
from one unit to another) or mandatory (e.g. eviction by the landlord); or

(3) A change in the ownership status of the unit occupied by the voucher holder.

(g) The Agency may choose to terminate the RDAP contract with the landlord if
the unit does not meet Agency requirements or the Agency determines that the
landlord has otherwise breached the RDAP contract. If the Agency chooses to
terminate the RDAP contract due to a breach by the landlord, the voucher holder
remains eligible to use his or her voucher elsewhere. The RDAP contract will be
terminated if:

(1) The voucher holder moves from the unit;

(2) The voucher holder relinquishes his or her voucher;

(3) The Agency terminates program assistance for the voucher holder;

(4) The landlord or voucher holder terminates the lease;

(5) The landlord evicts the voucher holder; or

(6) The landlord engages in or threatens abusive or violent behavior to Agency
representatives.
§ 3560.809 [Reserved]
§ 3560.810 Voucher value and assistance.

The value of vouchers is the difference between the comparable market rent for
unit in the former Rural Development-financed property and the tenant rent
contribution on the date of prepayment or foreclosure.

(a) The Agency may adjust the voucher value for inflation; otherwise the voucher
value does not change over time.

(b) The voucher value is not affected by the rent in the unit selected by the
voucher holder, except as noted in paragraph (c) of this section.

(c) The voucher assistance cannot exceed the rent amount specified in the
tenant's lease. As a result, the voucher assistance paid to the landlord may be
less than the full voucher value, if the rent amount specified in the tenant's
lease is less than the full value of the voucher.
§ 3560.811 Using the voucher.

(a) The voucher is issued to the household in the name of the primary tenant, as
the voucher holder.

(b) Should the voucher holder's household composition change, the voucher will
remain with the voucher holder, provided that the voucher holder remains
eligible to receive assistance.

(c) The voucher is not transferable from the voucher holder to any other
household member except in the case of the voucher holder's death or involuntary
household separation such as the incarceration of the voucher holder, transfer
of the voucher holder to an assisted living or nursing home facility, or
divorce. Upon receiving documentation of such cases and Agency approval, the
voucher may be transferred to another tenant on the voucher holder's lease.
§ 3560.812 Voucher term and renewal.

Vouchers are issued to a voucher holder to provide assistance for 12 monthly
payments. In order to be eligible for renewal, a voucher holder must certify
that the voucher household is low income and provide, within the timeframes
specified by the Agency, any information requested by the Agency as it pertains
to the voucher holder's continued eligibility to participate in the program.
§ 3560.813 [Reserved]
§ 3560.814 Terminations and unauthorized assistance.

(a) The voucher holder may terminate tenancy after the lease term expires. If
the voucher holder terminates the lease early, the RDAP contract terminates and
voucher payments to the landlord stop. To remain eligible for a new voucher
after terminating tenancy, the voucher holder must meet the following
requirements:

(1) If the voucher holder terminates tenancy during the lease term, the voucher
holder must document landlord's consent to the termination of the lease.

(2) The voucher holder must notify the Agency immediately upon terminating
tenancy.

(b) The landlord may terminate tenancy only in accordance with the provisions of
the voucher holder's lease. The landlord may not terminate the tenancy or charge
a penalty to the tenant or Agency if the Agency fails to pay the housing
assistance payment or pays it late. Lease provisions under which the landlord
may terminate tenancy include the following:

(1) Violations of the terms of lease that are substantial and repeated;

(2) Violations of Federal, State, or local law that directly relate to the
occupancy or use of the unit or premises;

(3) Other causes specified in the lease.

(c) The Agency may terminate assistance to the voucher holder if he or she is
subject to a court ordered eviction or if the voucher holder relinquishes the
voucher and no longer participates in the program. The Agency may also terminate
assistance under the following circumstances:

(1) If the voucher holder or voucher household violates any of the obligations
under the program as defined in § 3560.804;

(2) If the voucher holder or voucher household commits fraud, bribery, or other
corrupt or criminal acts related to any Rural Development MFH program;

(3) If the voucher holder or voucher household owes funds to the Agency in
connection with the Rural Development Voucher Program; or

(4) If the voucher holder or voucher household has engaged in or threatened
abusive or violent behavior to Agency representatives.

(d) The Agency may recapture any unauthorized assistance that was provided to a
landlord or voucher holder. Unauthorized assistance may be the result of
submission of inaccurate or false information by the landlord or voucher holder
or an error by the Agency personnel. Unauthorized assistance will be processed
in accordance with subpart O of this part. The Agency will provide notice to the
landlord or voucher holder upon determining that unauthorized assistance was
received. The notice will specify, in detail, the reason(s) that the assistance
was determined to be unauthorized, the amount of unauthorized assistance to be
repaid, and the process by which a review may be requested.

(e) In making termination decisions, the Agency has discretion to consider the
seriousness of the issue, the level of involvement of household members,
mitigating circumstances, such as the disability of a household member, and the
effects of termination on non-involved household members. The Agency may permit
a voucher holder to continue receiving assistance while imposing a condition
that the household member or members who engaged in wrongful activity will not
reside with the voucher holder.
§ 3560.815 Monitoring and enforcement.

The Agency will monitor voucher holders and landlords participating in the Rural
Development Voucher Program. The Agency or its representatives, Inspector
General of the U.S Department of Agriculture and Comptroller General of the
United States have full and free access to all premises and to all accounts and
other records that are relevant to the Rural Development Voucher Program. Upon
request, voucher holders and landlords must assist in accessing any accounts or
records. The Agency, at its discretion and in accordance with Agency
regulations, may pursue civil monetary penalties from the landlord or voucher
holder in an attempt to remedy violations of program regulations.
§§ 3560.816-3560.849 [Reserved]
§ 3560.850 OMB control number.

The information collection requirements contained in this regulation has been
forwarded to the Office of Management and Budget (OMB) for approval. Public
reporting burden for this collection of information is averaged at 15 minutes
response, including time reviewing instructions, searching existing data
sources, gathering and maintaining the data needed, and completing and reviewing
the collection of information.
end regulatory text

Dated: August 7, 2013.

Tammye Treviño,

Administrator, Rural Housing Service.

For more information please visit: https://www.federalregister.gov/

LOAD-DATE: August 15, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             213 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Deming Headlight (New Mexico)

                           December 5, 2012 Wednesday

Deming Mountain View Apartments reopen

BYLINE: For the Headlight

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 565 words


Elderly residents of a Deming apartment complex celebrated the rehabilitation of
their 48-unit complex with a grand opening event on Thursday, Nov. 29. The total
project cost of $6.8 million allowed YES Housing Inc. to acquire and revamp the
aging Mountain View Apartments and brought the facility up to ADA and Enterprise
Green Communities standards.

Residents were joined by project developers YES Housing, Inc., MFA, USDA, HUD,
Enterprise and Wells Fargo Bank who funded the project and general contractor
Pavilion Construction.

All of the seniors at the complex have incomes at or below 60 percent of the
Area Median Income and receive rental assistance thru a HUD-Housing Assistance
Payment Contract. In addition, on-site supportive services will be provided to
all residents through a HUD Service Coordination Grant.

"Quality affordable housing like Mountain View Apartments is greatly needed in
smaller communities throughout the state," said Jay Czar, executive director of
MFA. "It is particularly important that we provide our elderly low-income
residents a safe comfortable place to live while providing them with the
services they need to live independently."

Upgrades to the apartment community include: new roofs, furnaces and water
heaters; new windows, insulation and water conserving fixtures; xeri-scape
landscaping, with a drip irrigation system; and a 4.8kwh solar photovoltaic
system on the community building.

The completed project meets Enterprise Green Communities and Energy Star 2.2
with a HERS rating of 74.

"The growing number of low income senior residents in New Mexico's rural
communities is a great concern to YES Housing Inc," said Chris Baca
,President/CEO of YES Housing Inc. "Our mission is not only to improve the
housing conditions by implementing Green building practices that promote healthy
living and energy cost savings to our residents but provide on-site supportive
services that improve the lives of our families and seniors."

The Mountain View Apartments project was awarded $5.1 million through MFA's Low
Income Housing Tax Credit program. MFA appropriated another $1.1 million through
the New Mexico Housing Trust Fund and HUD HOME Investment Partnership.

USDA Rural Development provided $672,000 to the project.

YES Housing used $3.4 million to acquire the property, which they are obligated
to keep as low-income housing for 45 years. The hard costs of rehabilitating the
property was $3.4 million.

Project developer YES Housing Inc. was created in 1990 to develop affordable
housing for disadvantaged, low-income families and seniors. To date, YES Housing
Inc. has developed 1,786 multi-family units in New Mexico, Arizona and Texas.

MFA was created in 1975 by the New Mexico State Legislature to provide quality
affordable housing opportunities for all New Mexico residents. MFA utilizes
housing bonds, tax credits and other federal and state resources to fund more
than 30 housing programs. MFA is self-supporting and receives no administrative
funding from the state.

Since its inception, MFA has helped an estimated 70,000 families find safe
stable housing and provided more than $5 billion in affordable housing grants
and loans. In 2011, MFA funded more than $230 million in low-interest rate
financing and grants including $128 million in mortgages and down payment
assistance to approximately 1,000 first-time homebuyers throughout New Mexico.

LOAD-DATE: December 5, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


          Copyright 2012 Deming Headlight, a MediaNews Group Newspaper
                              All Rights Reserved


                             214 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Bangor Daily News (Maine)

                           September 30, 2005 Friday
                                  All Editions

Thomaston landlords invited to apply for loans

BYLINE: LEANNE M. ROBICHEAU OF THE NEWS STAFF

SECTION: Pg. B4

LENGTH: 241 words

DATELINE: THOMASTON


A public hearing Oct. 12 at Watts Hall is aimed at drawing interest from
landlords wanting to participate in rehabilitating apartment buildings.

The town wants to apply for a 2006 Community Development Block Grant from the
Multi-Family Housing Assistance program, Rodney Lynch, Rockland community
development director, said Wednesday.

A recent housing assessment study and windshield survey shows there is a need
for apartment improvements, Lynch said. Now the town must see if there is
interest from qualified landlords in borrowing money for repairs. The 90 percent
loans carry no interest for up to 10 years, with a 10 percent minimum property
owner match. Up to $25,000 per unit may be borrowed.

Lynch said a presentation of the survey results to selectmen in August showed 57
percent of the multifamily units in town, or 140 units, are considered
substandard.

To qualify, landlords must have two or more units and a majority of tenants must
meet low to moderate income guidelines, he said. The town may apply for up to
$300,000 in grant funds, Lynch said.

The property is required to be brought up to Section 8 minimum housing property
standards and local building codes.

Further information is available at the public hearing or by calling Lynch at
594-0306, e-mail at rlynch@ci.rockland.


me.us, or Town Manager Valmore Blastow Jr. at 354-6107, e-mail at
vblastow@midcoast.


com.

The public hearing will be at 7 p.m. Wednesday, Oct. 12, in Watts Hall.

LOAD-DATE: September 30, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2005 Bangor Daily News


                             215 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           September 19, 2014 Friday

New Jersey: Benson Bill to Enhance Awareness, Protect Children from Lead
Poisoning Advanced by Assembly Panel

LENGTH: 411  words

DATELINE: Trenton


New Jersey Assembly Majority Office has issued the following news release:

This bill helps educate parents so they are able to recognize the symptoms of
lead poisoning in children, which can have harmful, lasting health effects,"
said Benson. "Lead poisoning can severely affect a child's mental and physical
development, and at very high levels, it can be deadly. The good news is parents
can help protect their families by taking simple preventive measures. The bill
provides parents with this information so they can take the necessary
precautions to keep their families safe."

The bill (A-2398) requires the Department of Community Affairs (DCA), in
consultation with the Department of Health, to prepare an informational booklet
in English and Spanish that explains the causes and symptoms of lead poisoning
in children and preventive measures to protect against lead poisoning in the
home. The informational booklet shall contain information explaining the
provisions of the "Lead Hazard Control Assistance Act," and the availability of
financial assistance from the "Lead Hazard Control Assistance Fund" for lead
hazard control work. Under the act, the department provides financial assistance
(in the form of grants or loans, or a combination thereof) to eligible owners of
multi-family housing and to eligible owners of single-family and two-family
homes, whether or not the home is utilized as rental housing, for the removal
and mitigation of lead paint hazards.

Under the bill, DCA is required to make the booklet available to any owner of a
residential dwelling unit that is the primary residence of a child age six or
under and is approved by the department to participate in the Weatherization
Assistance Program (WAP). While New Jersey requires the testing of children in
this age range for lead poisoning, approximately 250,000 children in the United
States, ages one to five years, have blood lead levels greater than 10
micrograms of lead per deciliter of blood, the level at which Centers for
Disease Control and Prevention recommends public health actions be initiated.
Funded by the U.S. Departments of Health and Human Services and Energy, WAP
provides income-qualified residents with services that reduce household energy
use and costs by improving the energy efficiency of their homes while also
ensuring their health and safety.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: September 20, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             216 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                              Daily The Pak Banker

                             June 11, 2015 Thursday

Citizens Bank provides a $4.5 million construction loan for Provincetown
affordable rental housing development

LENGTH: 279  words

DATELINE: BOSTON


Citizens Bank announced today that its Community Development Lending Group has
provided a $4.5 million rental construction loan for CHR Stable Path LP, a
23-unit mixed-income rental housing development by Community Housing Resource,
Inc. located off Race Point Road in Provincetown.

Community Housing Resource, Inc. was founded in 1996 by Ted Malone, and develops
and manages affordable rental and homeownership housing, as well as commercial
development, on outer Cape Cod.

The Citizens Commercial Banking construction loan provides financing for the new
construction of 10 multi-family buildings on a single site, with 78 percent of
the units offered to qualified low-income families, and 22 percent of the units
offered to middle-income families.  Financing also includes $3 million in
Citizens Bank Low-Income Housing Tax Credit investment equity though syndicator
sponsor, Stratford Capital Group; $3 million in state, county and municipal
loans; and a permanent loan through Massachusetts Housing Partnership, Citizens'
One Source financing partner.

"We enjoyed working with Citizens Bank on this financing," said Community
Housing Resource, Inc. President Ted Malone. "The deal team at Citizens was very
responsive and moved forward in a timely fashion to help get this development
closed. This development offers Cape residents with more options for affordable
housing, which is an important goal of both CHR and Citizens Bank."

"Community Housing Resource, Inc. is a great client and partner," said Jerry
Sargent, President of Citizens Bank in Massachusetts. "We are pleased to be part
of this important development and to help the CHR team achieve their strategic
goals."

LOAD-DATE: June 15, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             217 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                              Daily The Pak Banker

                             June 11, 2015 Thursday

Citizens Bank provides a $4.5 million construction loan for Provincetown
affordable rental housing development

LENGTH: 279  words

DATELINE: BOSTON


Citizens Bank announced today that its Community Development Lending Group has
provided a $4.5 million rental construction loan for CHR Stable Path LP, a
23-unit mixed-income rental housing development by Community Housing Resource,
Inc. located off Race Point Road in Provincetown.

Community Housing Resource, Inc. was founded in 1996 by Ted Malone, and develops
and manages affordable rental and homeownership housing, as well as commercial
development, on outer Cape Cod.

The Citizens Commercial Banking construction loan provides financing for the new
construction of 10 multi-family buildings on a single site, with 78 percent of
the units offered to qualified low-income families, and 22 percent of the units
offered to middle-income families.  Financing also includes $3 million in
Citizens Bank Low-Income Housing Tax Credit investment equity though syndicator
sponsor, Stratford Capital Group; $3 million in state, county and municipal
loans; and a permanent loan through Massachusetts Housing Partnership, Citizens'
One Source financing partner.

"We enjoyed working with Citizens Bank on this financing," said Community
Housing Resource, Inc. President Ted Malone. "The deal team at Citizens was very
responsive and moved forward in a timely fashion to help get this development
closed. This development offers Cape residents with more options for affordable
housing, which is an important goal of both CHR and Citizens Bank."

"Community Housing Resource, Inc. is a great client and partner," said Jerry
Sargent, President of Citizens Bank in Massachusetts. "We are pleased to be part
of this important development and to help the CHR team achieve their strategic
goals."

LOAD-DATE: June 17, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             218 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                              Daily The Pak Banker

                             June 11, 2015 Thursday

Citizens Bank provides a $4.5 million construction loan for Provincetown
affordable rental housing development

LENGTH: 279  words

DATELINE: BOSTON


Citizens Bank announced today that its Community Development Lending Group has
provided a $4.5 million rental construction loan for CHR Stable Path LP, a
23-unit mixed-income rental housing development by Community Housing Resource,
Inc. located off Race Point Road in Provincetown.

Community Housing Resource, Inc. was founded in 1996 by Ted Malone, and develops
and manages affordable rental and homeownership housing, as well as commercial
development, on outer Cape Cod.

The Citizens Commercial Banking construction loan provides financing for the new
construction of 10 multi-family buildings on a single site, with 78 percent of
the units offered to qualified low-income families, and 22 percent of the units
offered to middle-income families.  Financing also includes $3 million in
Citizens Bank Low-Income Housing Tax Credit investment equity though syndicator
sponsor, Stratford Capital Group; $3 million in state, county and municipal
loans; and a permanent loan through Massachusetts Housing Partnership, Citizens'
One Source financing partner.

"We enjoyed working with Citizens Bank on this financing," said Community
Housing Resource, Inc. President Ted Malone. "The deal team at Citizens was very
responsive and moved forward in a timely fashion to help get this development
closed. This development offers Cape residents with more options for affordable
housing, which is an important goal of both CHR and Citizens Bank."

"Community Housing Resource, Inc. is a great client and partner," said Jerry
Sargent, President of Citizens Bank in Massachusetts. "We are pleased to be part
of this important development and to help the CHR team achieve their strategic
goals."

LOAD-DATE: June 12, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             219 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                   October 27, 1982, Wednesday, Final Edition

Montgomery County Executive;
County Executive;
Vote for One

SECTION: Maryland Voters' Guide; Pg. 20

LENGTH: 1000 words


Candidates for county executive were asked the following questions by The
Washington Post:

Housing: What should the county do, if anything, to forestall the continued
conversion of middle-income rental housing to condos?  What zoning changes or
incentives would encourage developers to build more moderate-rent apartments?

Taxes: Should the county subsidize federal social service programs now being cut
and would you support increased taxes in the next four years to pay these costs?

Disposal: How can Montgomery County best deal with its long-range waste disposal
problems: rail hauling, the new incinerator, new landfills etc.?

Charles W. Gilchrist (D) incumbent, 45, of 405 W. Montgomery Ave., Rockville,
was a member of the state Senate from 1975 to 1979 before becoming county
executive; he served on the Finance Committee.  A graduate of Harvard Law
School, he has been a tax attorney and treasurer of the Democratic State Central
Committee.

Housing: The number of rental apartments in the county has stabilized.  A
significant portion of the condominium-owned apartments are for rent.  Our
county has led the region in new apartment construction.  Our condominium
transfer tax fund stimulated construction of 500 new apartments (offsetting the
end of federal aid).  We also underwrite rehabilitation of apartments threatened
with decay.  We gave block grant to provide B'nai B'rith with seed money to
sponsor housing for the elderly.  The Housing Opportunity Commission assists
developers in building moderate-priced rental units.  We obtained state and
county legislation to provide tenants' rights if apartment house owners seek to
convert to condominiums.  Elderly and handicapped tenants have the right to
remain tenants for life.  The county has "right of first refusal" to purchase
such buildings and keep them rental.

Taxes: We must help when some, but not all, federal programs are reduced.  We
operate a housing program that takes up some of the slack left by federal
cutbacks.  We operate partnerships with the private sector to help the working
poor become economically self-reliant instead of totally welfare dependent.We
replaced dufunct federal legal services for our poor with a county
government/bar association program.  In some cases, we have replaced federal
funds by increases in state and local appropriations, e.g., transportation and
roads.  I would recommend a tax increase, if essential, to maintain services for
our citizens, particularly those such as the elderly and the handicapped who
cannot sustain minimum standards of decent living without such outside help.
However, to date we have been able, through our own existing resources and the
cooperation of our civic-minded business sector, to continue vital services
without tax increases.

Disposal: We are committed to meeting long-range problems by pursuit of
state-of-the-art technology consistent with protecting the integrity of our
communities.  Our rail haul task force includes private citizens and public
officials.  All studies are shared with the public; we encourage knowledgeable
critiques by citizens and their scientist-advisors.  If environmental protection
adds to costs, we must be prepared to pay them.  Regional cooperation for waste
disposal for the Baltimore-Washington and Washington-metro areas is essential
for all parties.  Resource recovery is merely one option among a range of
technologies being explored.  We must keep an open mind regarding all
alternatives for cost-effective, environmentally safe solutions.  Greater
efficiency of existing capacity -- e.g., Blue Plains and Piscataway -- can
indefinitely defer marginally justified new construction.

Joseph C. McGrath (R), 35, of 1552 East-West Hwy., Silver Spring, a former vice
president of American Security Bank, has worked for the U.S. Department of
Health, Education and Welfare in education and rehabilitaton programs.  An Army
veteran and Harvard graduate, he is president of his tenants association and has
a master's degree in education.

Housing: The county is rapidly losing its stock of multi-family rental housing.
As county executive I would take steps to reverse this trend.  Among them would
be amending the master plans to increase allowable density where adequate public
facilities now exist.  In addition, I would pull together financing packages to
make it attractive for a developer to build multi-family rental units in the
county.  The conversion of rental units to condominiums will cease to be a
problem when the county's supply of rental housing exceeds the demand.

Taxes: It has yet to be determined what the impact will be at the county level
of proposed cutbacks in social service programs.  The county already subsidizes
certain state social service functions, and the continuance of essential
services and programs will be maintained.  There are two clear ways to deal with
the question of taxes needed to pay for services.  First, increased efficiencies
in the operation of government will limit the need for increased taxes.  Second,
economic expansion and development also will contribute to spreading out the tax
burden, thereby reducing the need for tax increases.  I believe these steps can
and should be taken before a tax increase is considered.

Disposal: A comprehensive package to dispose of sludge and trash is needed.  I
have worked on such a package while in the private sector, and I expect to
translate that knowledge into action in the public sector.  Specifically, it
involves the blending of trash and sludge into a low-grade, nitrogen-based
fertilizer.  This can be done in a container that would limit the problem of
odor.  It also would provide a marketable byproduct that could be sold, given
away or disposed of in a much more acceptable fashion than we are currently
employing.  Such a process would limit the need for a very expensive energy
resource recovery facility, additional open composting facilities and new
landfills.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Pictures 1 and 2, no caption

                       Copyright 1982 The Washington Post


                             220 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           The Edmond Sun (Oklahoma)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             May 23, 2013 Thursday

House approves $45M aid package for tornado victims

BYLINE: Lisa Shearer, The Edmond Sun, Okla.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 1405 words


May 23--EDMOND -- As rain poured this morning on disaster relief workers in the
Moore and Oklahoma City areas, the Oklahoma House of Representatives unanimously
approved a $45 million aid package to provide relief to those impacted by
Monday's EF-5 tornado.

Senate Bill 249, which directs that $45 million from the state's Rainy Day Fund
be sent to the Office of Emergency Management for immediate tornado relief.
These funds will match a portion of the federal funds that have been allocated
to local governments for their relief efforts, according to a release from the
House of Representatives. The bill was approved by the Senate on Wednesday and
now heads to the desk of Gov. Mary Fallin for her signature.

"Tragedy has once again fallen upon our great state," said Rep. Paul Wesselhoft,
R-Moore. "Communities have been destroyed and lives have been ended, all too
soon. The world has been watching and Oklahoma and has proven that we are a
brave people able to unite and rise above this challenging time. I give my
thanks to my fellow lawmakers for their votes."

Oklahoma Insurance Commissioner John Doak has made early predictions that damage
could be well more than $2 billion.

As of today, the state says the death toll remains at 24 from Monday's tornado
in Moore and Oklahoma City and two deaths from Sunday's tornadoes that struck in
the Shawnee and Carney areas. Local hospitals have treated 377 people for
injuries so far, according to the Oklahoma Department of Emergency Management.

Emergency Management officials said today that search and rescue is complete in
Moore, Oklahoma City, Shawnee and Carney, but that recovery operations are
ongoing. All missing persons have been accounted for, and family and friends are
encouraged to use the American Red Cross website, www.safeandwell.org, to locate

Interstate 35 and all but one of the roadways entering the impacted areas are
back open, however, the Oklahoma Department of Transportation is asking
motorists to avoid I-35 in Moore if at all possible. The clean-up process and
ongoing emergency response is being hindered by the heavy interstate traffic,
ODOT stated. The remaining closure is the ramp at South 19th Street in Moore.

Law enforcement crews are still restricting access to neighborhoods with only
essential personnel and homeowners allowed access, ODOT stated.

ODOT and the Oklahoma Turnpike Authority continue to have about 400 crew members
as well as 200 pieces of heavy equipment deployed to the Moore area to assist in
clean up. About 60 maintenance workers have been assigned to assist with
clearing all major north/south local streets in Moore and southwest Oklahoma
City, ODOT stated.

The Oklahoma Insurance Department opened today a Consumer Assistance Command
Center at 301 N.E. 27th St. in Moore.

"This is a large-scale disaster that will take quite some time to recover from
and we are and will continue to be committed to providing support and help to
those who need it," Insurance Commissioner John D. Doak stated in a press
release. "We are also working closely with the National Association of Insurance
Commissioners to provide support to anyone who calls our toll-free Consumer
Assistance hotline -- 1-800-522-0071."

More than 4,000 home and auto insurance claims have been filed with the number
expected to rise, Doak stated.

Insurance Department Anti-Fraud investigators responded to disaster sites in not
only Moore, but Shawnee, Edmond, North Oklahoma City, Luther, Carney and Little
Axe this week. The investigators are available to help mitigate insurance fraud
during the recovery process.

"We are sending a strong message that we will not tolerate any type of fraud,"
Doak stated. "Unfortunately, scams and criminal activity will come up as they
always do in disaster situations. We are doing all that we can to provide
necessary tools and support to these residents to defend themselves against
fraud."

Meanwhile, more than 2,200 Oklahomans have registered for disaster assistance
through FEMA. This assistance was made possible after President Barack Obama
issued a major disaster declaration for Cleveland, Lincoln, McClain, Oklahoma
and Pottawatomie counties.  All affected individuals, regardless of income level
or insurance policy status, are encouraged to apply for individual assistance.

The same counties were also approved for public assistance to include debris
removal, emergency protective measures and direct federal assistance. FEMA will
pay for 85 percent of debris removal for the first 30 days after the storm in
the affected communities, according to the Department of Emergency Management.

USDA staff also will provide an inventory of unoccupied multi-family housing
rental units to FEMA. USDA Rural Development has notified lenders who guarantee
USDA housing loans that they may offer a moratorium on mortgage payments to
borrowers in the disaster area. Those who have questions about their USDA
mortgage, can call USDA's Centralized Servicing Center at 800-414-1226.

Survivors, including homeowners, renters and business owners, can register
online at disasterassistance.gov, via smartphone at m.fema.gov or by calling
1-800-621-3362.

FEMA disaster recovery centers where individuals can receive face-to-face
assistance are open from 8 a.m. to 8 p.m. at:

--First Baptist Church, 301 N.E. 27th St., Moore;

--Heart of Oklahoma Expo Center, 1700 W. Independence, Shawnee.

The President's declaration allows the U.S. Housing and Urban Development (HUD)
to offer certain foreclosure relief and other assistance to certain families
living in the five disaster counties. Individuals who were receiving HUD rental
assistance before the disaster should contact their Public Housing Authority,
multi-family apartment manager or local HUD office for help in locating
temporary housing.

Several disaster relief aid agencies remain in the tornado-ravaged areas. The
American Red Cross shelters remain open at these locations:

--Moore Community Center, 301 S. Howard Ave., Moore;

--St. Andrews UMC, 2727 S.W. 119th Ave., Oklahoma City;

--Walker Center Dorm, 1400 Asp, Norman; and

--Shawnee Athletic Center, 1001 N. Kennedy, Shawnee.

Food distribution sites include:

--Moore Community Center, 301 S. Howard Ave., Moore;

--St. Andrews UMC, 2727 S.W. 119th Ave.,  Oklahoma City;

--Walker Center Dorm, 1400 Asp, Norman;

--Little Axe Resource Center, 1970 156th Ave. N.E., Little Axe;

--Emanuel Baptist, 149th and Harrah Newalla Road, Newalla;

--Carney Senior Center, 301 Maple, Carney;

--Newcastle Storm Shelter, 801 N. Car, Newcastle;

--Eastlake Elementary, 1301 S.W. 134th, Oklahoma City;

--Wayland Bonds Elementary, 14025 S. May Ave., Oklahoma City;

--Expo Center, 1700 W. Independence, Shawnee; and

--Shawnee Athletic Center, 1001 N. Kennedy, Shawnee.

AT&T is offering various mobile locations for people to charge their electronic
devices such as cell phones. Those locations include:

AT&T charging stations are open and available to the public at the following
locations:

--Best Buy, 1409 W I-240 Service Road, Oklahoma City;

--Target, 770 S.W. 19th St., Moore;

--Walmart, 501 S.W, 19th, Moore;

--Mobile AT&T Store, 301 S. Howard, Moore; and

--Moore AT&T Store, 2670 S. Service Road, Moore.

The Salvation Army has obtained 100,000 square foot warehouse space to collect
and sort necessary items such as food and water, as well as hygiene products, to
distribute to people in Moore and other areas that were impacted by the
tornadoes. With much of the city still blocked by debris, Salvation Army
canteens, or mobile kitchens, are roving through the impacted area to ensure
food and hydration is provided to those who need it, according to the Salvation
Army.

HOW TO HELP Those who would like to help people affected by disasters like
tornadoes, floods and other crises can make a donation to American Red Cross
Disaster Relief. People can donate by visiting www.redcross.org, calling
1-800-RED CROSS or texting the word REDCROSS to 90999 to make a $10 donation.
These donations help provide food, shelter and emotional support to those
affected by disasters. Donors are encouraged to give online at
www.SalvationArmyUSA.org or by calling 1-800-SAL-ARMY (1-800-725-2769).
Residents also can text the word "STORM" to 80888 to make a $10 donation through
your mobile phone; to confirm your gift, respond with the word "Yes."*

___ (c)2013 The Edmond Sun (Edmond, Okla.) Visit The Edmond Sun (Edmond, Okla.)
at www.edmondsun.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: May 24, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20130523-EO-House-approves-45M-aid-package-for-tornado-victims-0523-20130523

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: EO


                         Copyright 2013 The Edmond Sun


                             221 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               New Jersey Lawyer

                                 April 3, 2006

The tenant credit check;
A permissible 'must do' for landlords

BYLINE: By Tracey Goldstein; Tracey Goldstein is a partner at Feinstein, Raiss,
Kelin & Booker in West Orange.

SECTION: DEVELOPMENTS IN REAL ESTATE; Vol. 15, No. 14; Pg. A4

LENGTH: 2063 words


Under New Jersey law, once a landlord-tenant relationship is established the
tenancy is one in perpetuity, unless the landlord has a reason recognized under
the law to evict the tenant.  J.M.J. New Jersey Properties, Inc. v. Magdy M.
Khuzam, 365 N.J. Super. 325 (App. Div. 2003). The type of tenant who resides at
a property may affect the quality of life for other tenants and also could
impact the financial condition of the property.  Therefore, selection of the
right tenant is critical.

A property owner's right to fully evaluate an applicant eligible for Section 8
assistance was considered in Pasquince v. Brighton Arms Apartments, 378 N.J.
Super. 588 (App. Div. 2005). In that case, the Appellate Division upheld a
property owner's right to deny the rental application of a Section 8 tenant
based upon the applicant's credit-worthiness.

Section 8 program

The Section 8 Housing Assistance Program was established in order to provide
affordable and decent housing to low-income families.  The program is funded by
the Department of Housing and Urban Development (HUD) and administered by the
New Jersey Division of Community Affairs (DCA).  Under the program, when a
tenant is deemed eligible for Section 8 assistance, the tenant is issued a
voucher for a specific sum of money.  This sum is broken down to reflect the
tenant's portion of the rent and the amount of the subsidy the tenant will
receive.  The tenant pays his or her share of the rent directly to the landlord.
The tenant's portion consists of no more than 30 percent of the household's
adjusted monthly income.  The balance of the monthly rent is paid by the local
housing authority directly to the property owner.  However, once the tenant
qualifies for a voucher, the tenant must then locate an apartment to utilize the
Section 8 voucher.

Amendment to LAD

In the past, some owners would not accept Section 8 assistance from an applicant
or an existing tenant.  While such conduct was prohibited by N.J.S.A. 2A:42-100,
the penalty for a violation of that statute was de minimis. However, in 2002,
the New Jersey Law Against Discrimination, N.J.S.A. 10:5-1 et seq (LAD) was
amended to prohibit discrimination based upon the source of lawful income used
for rental or mortgage payments.  While the LAD does not define "source of
lawful income," the purpose of the amendment was to relocate the provisions of
N.J.S.A. 2A:42-100, which prohibited this type of discrimination and to codify
the New Jersey Supreme Court decision in Franklin Tower One, L.L.C. v. N.M., 157
N.J. 602 (1999). See Pasquince v. Brighton Arms Apartments, 378 N.J. Super. at
588.

In Franklin Tower One, the New Jersey Supreme Court applied N.J.S.A. 2A:42-100
and held that a landlord cannot refuse to accept a Section 8 voucher from a
tenant.  This holding applies to applicants and extends to existing tenants who
may become eligible for assistance during their tenancy.  Under N.J.S.A.
2A:42-100, discrimination based upon lawful source of income was prohibited.
However, pursuant to that statute, landlords could refuse to lease property to a
Section 8 applicant if the denial was based upon the creditworthiness of the
prospective applicant.

The amendment to the LAD repealed N.J.S.A. 2A:42-100 and relocated its
provisions to the LAD.  As part of this recodification, the legislature
increased the civil penalties that could be imposed and enforcement authority
was given to housing authorities, the Division on Civil Rights and the attorney
general.  The exemption for creditworthiness previously contained in N.J.S.A.
2A:42-100 was not expressly incorporated in the LAD.

Currently, under the LAD, an applicant alleging discrimination based upon his or
her source of income must establish the same elements as in any other
discrimination case.  The applicant must make a prima facie showing of
discrimination in violation of the statute that the:

* plaintiff is in the class of persons the statute is designed to protect;

* defendant was aware the applicant is a member of that class;

* applicant was ready and able to accept the offer to lease; and

* landlord refused to rent an apartment to the plaintiff.

Once that prima facie case is made, the burden of proof shifts to the defendant
to articulate a legitimate non-discriminatory reason for denying the
application.  T.K. v. Landmark West, 353 N.J. Super. 353, 360 (Law Div. 2001)
aff'd 353 N.J. Super. 223 (App. Div. 2002). If the owner asserts a legitimate,
non-discriminatory reason for denying the application in defense of the claim,
the burden then shifts to the allegedly aggrieved party to substantiate that
that reason was a mere pretext and that discrimination occurred.

While the LAD does not set forth a list of legitimate, non-discriminatory
reasons that would shift the burden to the aggrieved party to prove that
discrimination had in fact occurred, the New Jersey Appellate Division in
Pasquince concluded that credit-worthiness is a legitimate, non-discriminatory
reason for refusing to lease an apartment to a Section 8 applicant.
Creditworthiness encompasses not only the applicant's credit history (e.g.
credit card debt, judgments, bankruptcies, outstanding medical bills and child
support obligations) but also an applicant's rental history.  It relates to the
applicant's current ability to pay the rent and other financial obligations
associated with the tenancy as well as the tenant's past performance as a
renter.

In Pasquince, the applicant applied for an apartment for which the Section 8
voucher would have paid 85 percent of the monthly rent, with the applicant
responsible for the balance.  In evaluating the applicant, the owner did not use
its income analysis but did perform a credit check.  The owner maintained a
written set of standards for assessing a prospective tenant's credit history.
The credit search revealed the applicant was indebted substantially to his
former landlord and had other debts as well.  Consequently, the owner denied the
application.

The applicant claimed the denial was based upon his source of income and
constituted discrimination.  The applicant argued the denial was improper
because the Section 8 program was paying a large majority of his rental
obligation and that owners cannot reject Section 8 applicants based upon poor
credit.  Pasquince further contended that since the creditworthiness exemption
was deleted in the LAD, it, therefore, was no longer a valid reason to refuse to
rent to a Section 8 applicant.

The Appellate Division rejected outright those arguments, stating they were
"inconsistent with federal law" and "contrary to common sense." The court
properly recognized that:

"[the] prospective tenant is still responsible for the payment of some portion
of the rent, and, if the applicant has a history of not paying his or her
financial obligations, it is logical and reasonable for a landlord to conclude
that the applicant might avoid the rent obligation, no matter how small the
amount.  Moreover, the rent subsidy could be terminated, in which case the
tenant would be responsible for the entire rental obligation."

Federal law, HUD and DCA agree

According to federal law, property owners bear the responsibility of evaluating
prospective tenants.  In so doing, landlords have the express right to screen
each applicant by performing a background check, reviewing the applicant's
rental history and checking references.  42 U.S.C.A. § 1437f (d); 24 C.F.R. §
982.452(b)(1); 24 C.F.R. § 982.307; Franklin Tower; Pasquince.

DCA and HUD -- the agencies responsible for administering the Section 8 program
-- expressly authorize landlords to evaluate the creditworthiness of Section 8
applicants.  Both agencies conclude that an applicant's credit history is a
critical factor in the tenant selection process and credit history reflects
whether the applicant has the ability to pay the rent on time.

HUD has issued a handbook known as 4350.3 REV-1 (handbook) that contains the
occupancy requirements of subsidized multi-family housing programs.  This
handbook is addressed to tenants, owners, managers and HUD field office staff to
provide guidance consistent with HUD regulations with respect to subsidized
housing requirements.  The handbook governs the Section 8 housing assistance
payments program. Section 4-7E of the Handbook, titled "Permitted Screening
Criteria Commonly Used by Owners" provides, in a pertinent part:

2. Screening for credit history. Examining an applicant's credit history is one
of the most common screening activities.  The purpose of reviewing an
applicant's credit history is to determing how well applicants meet their
financial obligations.  A credit check can help demonstrate whether an applicant
has the ability to pay rent on time.

4. Screening for rental history.

In addition to determining whether applicants are likely to meet their financial
obligations as tenants and pay rent on time, owners also are interested in
whether applicants have the ability to meet the requirements of tenancy.

Notably, the handbook permits owners to go beyond evaluating the credit and rent
history of a tenant to consider the tenant's housekeeping habits at his/her
current residence.  Furthermore, a property owner can prohibit admission of
those who have engaged in drug related or other criminal activity.

The DCA also urges property owners to evaluate the credit-worthiness of a tenant
before entering into a landlord-tenant relationship.  It endorses credit checks,
including rental history and other background checks, such as drug and criminal
related activity, in screening potential tenants.  The DCA disseminates a
pamphlet titled "A Landlord's Guide to the Section 8 Housing Program." The
pamphlet provides in pertinent part:

"Once a Housing Choice Voucher holder has indicated that they wish to rent your
property, you must decide whether or not you want to rent to this tenant.  We
strongly advise you do a thorough background check on all potential tenants
before you decide whether or not you will rent to them."

The background check should include an application requiring the tenant to
provide information such as name, Social Security number, past rental history
including prior landlord, information on employment, income, savings and
personal and credit references.  The pamphlet further provides:

"You should also consider using one of the many services available to a landlord
that will give you the information needed to make an informed decision about
renting to a potential tenant.  For example, services will tell you whether or
not a tenant has ever been evicted, has a criminal record or has a bad credit
history.  Many are even available on the Internet.  Remember, when contacting
previous landlords, you should always contact the tenant's previous landlord
because the current landlord may want the tenant to move out."

Log on to nj.gov/dca/dhcr for a copy of "A Landlord's Guide to the Section 8
Housing Program."

Conclusion

While property owners cannot refuse to rent to recipients of Section 8
assistance solely on the basis of their source of income, those applicants can
be denied based upon their creditworthiness.

If the creditworthiness of a Section 8 applicant is not considered by a property
owner in its evaluation of an applicant, that property owner would be unable to
determine whether a prospective Section 8 applicant has the financial ability or
reliability to pay the rent and the other obligations associated with the
tenancy.  Without the ability to perform that analysis, the property owner would
be assuming a risk that no other industry bears.  Before a bank grants a
mortgage, a credit check is performed.  Before a car is leased or a loan is
issued for a car, the creditworthiness of the applicant is evaluated.  Even
before a job applicant is hired, the applicant's employment history is
considered.  Leasing property should not be treated differently.

LOAD-DATE: April 17, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Illustration, no caption; Photo, Tracey Goldstein

                   Copyright 2006 The New Jersey Lawyer, Inc.


                             222 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                 Hidalgo County Herald (Lordsburg, New Mexico)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                January 4, 2013

Deming senior housing complex reopens

BYLINE: Hidalgo County Herald staff

LENGTH: 566  words


Elderly residents of a Deming apartment complex celebrated the rehabilitation of
their 48-unit complex with a grand opening event on Thursday, November 29. The
total project cost of $6.8 million allowed YES Housing Inc. to acquire and
revamp the aging Mountain View Apartments and brought the facility up to ADA and
Enterprise Green Communities standards.

Residents were joined by project developers YES Housing, Inc., MFA, USDA, HUD,
Enterprise and Wells Fargo Bank who funded the project and general contractor
Pavilion Construction. All of the seniors at the complex have incomes at or
below 60 percent of the Area Median Income and receive rental assistance thru a
HUD - Housing Assistance Payment Contract. In addition, on-site supportive
services will be provided to all residents thru a HUD Service Coordination
Grant.

"Quality affordable housing like Mountain View Apartments is greatly needed in
smaller communities throughout the state," said Jay Czar, executive director of
MFA. "It is particularly important that we provide our elderly low-income
residents a safe comfortable place to live while providing them with the
services they need to live independently."

Upgrades to the apartment community include: new roofs, furnaces and water
heaters; new windows, insulation and water conserving fixtures; xeri-scape
landscaping with a drip irrigation system; and a 4.8kwh solar photovoltaic
system on the community building. The completed project meets Enterprise Green
Communities and Energy Star 2.2 with a HERS rating of 74.

"The growing number of low income senior residents in New Mexico's rural
communities is a great concern to YES Housing Inc," said Chris Baca
President/CEO of YES Housing Inc. "Our mission is not only to improve the
housing conditions by implementing Green building practices that promote healthy
living and energy cost savings to our residents but provide on-site supportive
services that improve the lives of our families and seniors."

The Mountain View Apartments project was awarded $5.1 million through MFA's Low
Income Housing Tax Credit program. MFA appropriated another $1.1 million through
the New Mexico Housing Trust Fund and HUD HOME Investment Partnership. USDA
Rural Development provided $672,000 to the project. YES Housing used $3.4
million to acquire the property, which they are obligated to keep as low-income
housing for 45 years. The hard costs of rehabilitating the property was $3.4
million.

Project developer YES Housing Inc. was created in 1990 to develop affordable
housing for disadvantaged, low-income families and seniors. To date, YES Housing
Inc. has developed 1,786 multi-family units in New Mexico, Arizona and Texas.

MFA was created in 1975 by the New Mexico State Legislature to provide quality
affordable housing opportunities for all New Mexico residents. MFA utilizes
housing bonds, tax credits and other federal and state resources to fund more
than 30 housing programs. MFA is self-supporting and receives no administrative
funding from the state.

Since its inception, MFA has helped an estimated 70,000 families find safe
stable housing and provided more than $5 billion in affordable housing grants
and loans. In 2011, MFA funded more than $230 million in low-interest rate
financing and grants including $128 million in mortgages and down payment
assistance to approximately 1,000 first-time homebuyers throughout New Mexico.

LOAD-DATE: July 12, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Community

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: HDG

                      Copyright 2013 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                      Copyright 2013 Hidalgo County Herald


                             223 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                November 27, 1989, Monday, Late Edition - Final

Suburbs Trying Alternatives To Hotels for Their Homeless

BYLINE: By ERIC SCHMITT

SECTION: Section A; Page 1, Column 5; Metropolitan Desk

LENGTH: 1744 words


By bending Federal reimbursement rules, state and county officials in the
suburbs around New York City have found a way to channel millions of dollars
away from welfare hotels for homeless people and into the creation of permanent
low-cost housing.

Several hundred families in the region are now living in transitional housing
that social workers say is cheaper and more humane than overcrowded and often
drug-infested motels and hotels. Many of the latest developments provide child
care and job training to help fight the causes of homelessness, and allow the
transitional apartments to be eventually converted into rental units. Similar
programs have been started in Michigan, Massachusetts and California.

''It gets people out of motels and hotels and into much better surroundings,''
said Shirley Harvey-Cook, the commissioner of social services in Orange County,
N.Y., which cut the number of families the county placed in hotels to 50 from
100 a year ago, partly through the new programs.

Most important, the projects are a breakthrough in one of the most frustrating
problems facing advocates for the homeless: how to tap into the vast amount of
Federal money now available strictly for emergency housing.

The rule-bending works like this: The Federal Government now pays half the cost
to temporarily house homeless families in motels and hotels, which typically
charge more than $2,000 a month for a room. The states and counties pay the
difference.

But with the region's severe housing shortage, many families spend months, even
years, in motels. So why not spend the $2,000 a month on an apartment rather
than a motel room? Federal regulations prohibit spending the money, which comes
from the Department of Health and Human Services, on permanent housing.

Hotel Business With a Twist

To get around that restriction, state and county officials are contracting with
nonprofit housing agencies and private landlords, who buy abandoned apartments
or multi-family houses with the help of state and local grants and conventional
mortgages.

The housing agencies or landlords go into the hotel business, but with a twist.
Under the contract, the landlord designates some or all of a building's
apartments as emergency housing, qualifying them for the emergency assistance
rate. The rate varies widely and, because local governments have become so
desperate to find housing for the homeless, is sometimes as high as triple the
market rent. Instead of pocketing the difference, the landlord spends the extra
money to renovate the building, hire social workers and pay off the mortgage
more quickly. Within 18 months to five years, the debt on the building is
reduced until the apartments can be converted into permanent housing with rents
so low even families on welfare can afford them.

The latest programs reflect a push by state and county officials to find
alternatives to spending millions on dingy welfare motels and hotels, where
about 70 percent of all homeless families live. Throughout the region, officials
are directing money that would have been formerly spent for hotel rooms to pay
back rents, rental deposits and other fees to keep families in their homes and
off the welfare rolls.

Westchester County, which is using all available hotel and motel rooms inside
the county, has reduced the number of families it sends to motels and hotels
outside the county to 170 families from 282 a year ago, partly by using
apartments.

In New Jersey, where the cost of sheltering the homeless has increased to $50
million from $9 million in the last two years, state officials have said they
will stop using all hotels and motels by 1992. The state has offered to pay a
county's share of shelter costs if the county reduces its hotel and motel
placements. In Connecticut, where state officials will spend more than $25
million to shelter the homeless this year compared with $14.8 million in 1988,
more than 300 apartments are being used for emergency shelter.

Transitional housing that offers counseling, child care and other social
services has sprung up in Newark and in Middlesex County. HELP, the housing
organization established by Andrew Cuomo, the Governor's son, is building a
similar project in Suffolk County and has proposed three complexes in
Westchester.

In New York City, which this year will shelter 25,000 single homeless people and
11,000 homeless families, few of the newest programs have been used. Officials
are instead focusing on building and rehabilitating transitional housing in
which residents get training on how to run homes, keep family budgets and find
jobs.

Reprieve From Hotel Living

The latest programs in the suburbs do more than provide cleaner, safer housing
and in-house social workers. They use the emergency assistance money to convert
small apartment houses or two- and three-family homes into permanent housing
within a few years. Although the number of projects is still relatively small,
officials say that by year's end more than 250 families in northern New Jersey
and the mid-Hudson region, as well as in the Hartford and Stamford areas, will
be living in emergency apartments that are generating income to renovate
buildings.

For the families, living in an apartment or a house is a reprieve from the
confines of hotel living, where privacy is scarce and simple conveniences like
cooking are not allowed. Geneva Johnson lived with her 18-year-old son and
3-year-old grandson in a welfare motel in White Plains for 2 1/2 years before
moving to a renovated three-bedroom apartment in Yonkers five months ago.

''I love it here,'' said Mrs. Johnson, 42. ''I can cook when I want; the
Laundromat and grocery store are a block away, and there are no problems.''

These kind of projects have their origins in housing preservation programs that
Westchester County developed in the early 1980's. The county contracted with
landlords of dilapidated or largely vacant buildings to designate one or two
apartments as emergency housing. Using emergency assistance payments, the
landlords agreed to renovate the buildings and charge affordable rents once the
work was completed.

Preparing for Independence

The program saved marginal buildings and avoided displacing people. ''But it
didn't work very well for housing homeless families,'' said Robert Miller, a
former Westchester County housing official who is now executive vice president
of Westhab, a nonprofit housing agency in Elmsford, N.Y.

Westhab, whose board of directors includes builders, clergy and social workers,
expanded its program in 1985 to buy apartment buildings and multi-family houses,
reserving several apartments in each for emergency shelter and using the
remainder for low-cost housing. Grouping families in fewer sites allowed social
workers to work more closely with them. Under this model, the agency has 126
emergency apartments in 11 buildings, mainly in Yonkers and Mount Vernon.

The newest programs are forging alliances between housing agencies and social
service providers, whose aim is not just to move families into apartments, but
to move them in with new skills. ''It's a mistake to move some families from
transitional to permanent housing before they're ready,'' said Mr. Miller. ''A
number of these families have trouble with budgeting their income, parenting
skills and homemaking. You need to help them with those things, so that when
they do move back into an apartment they aren't just evicted a few months
later.''

In the Westhab building where Mrs. Johnson lives, a building manager inspects
the apartments every Friday, checking for grimy stovetops, dirty dishes or
strewn clothes. Tenants who fail inspection more than twice can be evicted. In
four years, no one has been evicted for messiness.

'The Neighbors Are Happy'

Keeping homeless families in their neighborhoods is a goal of a national pilot
program operated by Urban Initiatives, a nonprofit housing agency in Stamford.
Under the program, which has about a dozen emergency apartments in Stamford,
Hartford and East Orange, N.J., and more than 70 in Massachusetts and Michigan,
money from emergency assistance goes to renovate buildings and reduce mortgage
costs. The apartments are converted into long-term affordable housing at the end
of five years.

Orange County, which spends about $2 million a year to house 50 homeless
families and 170 individuals in hotels and motels, has contracted with two
housing agencies, Recap of Middletown and Poder of Newburgh, to operate 48
emergency apartments by next spring. Under the plan, homeless families will
receive counseling and job training. After 18 months, the apartments are to be
converted into permanent housing with monthly rents from $500 to $600. A similar
program is under way in Dutchess County.

Unlike larger transitional housing that has drawn fierce community opposition,
like Mr. Cuomo's proposed 108-unit complex in Greenburgh, N.Y., most of the
smaller emergency apartments have been accepted. Westhab meets with community
groups before striking any deal, and has eased lingering doubts by having its
building security guards patrol the block. ''We take a boarded-up house, fix it
up and the neighbors are happy,'' said David N. Hilgendorff, executive director
of Suburban Housing, an agency in Bay Shore, L.I., which operates 10
single-family houses for emergency shelter and 11 for low-cost rentals in
Suffolk County.

The emergency housing apartment programs have inherent limits. Their small size
defuses community fears, but only dents the housing shortage. In Westchester,
where the programs are most developed and the need most urgent, 15 percent of
the county's 917 homeless families are in emergency apartments. Officials on
Long Island complain there are few legal multi-family dwellings to convert.

But in places where the programs have taken hold, there are heartening results.
In a blue Victorian two-family house that Poder operates in a tattered
neighborhood in Newburgh, Nova Vandermark is getting a new start.

Ms. Vandermark and her two daughters, 14 and 4, lived for three years in welfare
motels in Port Jervis and Middletown. ''It was depressing,'' said Ms.
Vandermark, 33, who grew up in the county. Now she and her daughters have a
cheery two-bedroom apartment and Ms. Vandermark is studying to become a nurse.
''This is better for me and for my kids,'' she said. ''I wanted them to know
there is more to life than a motel room.''

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: photo of Geneva Johnson and her son (NYT/Joyce Dopkeen) (pg. B6)

                   Copyright 1989 The New York Times Company


                             224 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                             National Mortgage News

                                  June 4, 1990

FHFB Gets Many Fund Applications

SECTION: AFFORDABLE HOUSING; Pg. 25

LENGTH: 419 words

DATELINE: ATLANTA


The Federal Housing Finance Board's Affordable Housing Program funded with $ 78
million and administered by the 12 Federal Home Loan Banks has received about
431 applications for funds, said Mary Bush, managing director of the FHFB.

In a speech before the stockholders of the Federal Home Loan Bank of Atlanta,
Ms. Bush said "(HUD Secretary) Jack Kemp and I are very excited by the number
and variety of applications for the program."

In order to leverage the limited funds, the program calls for applicants to be
creative in their financing arrangements, and according to Ms. Bush, "there are
public and private partnerships, participations, and jointly owned companies
involving several lenders.  There are applications using public financing
sources which provide additional local, state and Federal funds with these
Affordable Housing funds."

Ms. Bush added, "the scope of the applications is very encouraging.  There are
applications for multi-family rentals, single-family home ownership and limited
equity cooperatives.

"There are applications for funds for apartments for the elderly, permanent
housing for the homeless, and financing for renovations and resales of homes to
very low-income people.  The AHP makes a good business sense as well as good
social and economic policy."

The regulations under the AHP stipulate that each of the 12 FHLBs establish a
program to reduce the interest rate on advances to members of the FHLB system
engaged in lending for low- and moderate-income, owner occupied and affordable
rental housing.

The program features two semi-annual competitions for funding, with a maximum of
60% of the $ 78 million, or $ 47 million available for the first competition.
Applications were due May 1.

The program operates through a series of district wide competitions, with the
FHLBs evaluating applications on the basis of reaching targeted households,
providing maximum assistance per subsidy dollar, and encouraging innovation,
community involvement, and community stability.

The $ 78 million is 5% of the FHLBs' preceding year's net income, which will
increasing to 6% in 1994, or $ 75 million, and to 10% or $ 100 million in the
following years.

Member financial institutions of the Federal Home Loan Bank of Atlanta filed 42
applications to fund low- and moderate-income housing projects under the first
offering of the Affordable Housing Program.

The applicants, 29 thrift institutions, requested about $ 17 million in
subsidies for projects they submitted.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1990 National Thrift News, Inc.


                             225 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                    February 5, 1991, Tuesday, Final Edition

On Outside Looking In, Former Officials Rate Bush Budget;
HUD;
Policing Programs Gets High Priority

SECTION: FIRST SECTION; PAGE A17; THE FEDERAL PAGE

LENGTH: 205 words


John K. McIlwain was the executive assistant to the assistant secretary for
housing/federal housing commissioner from 1977 to 1979. He is a partner at
Powell, Goldstein, Frazer & Murphy.

The striking thing about the administration's 1992 HUD budget is that it
continues, if not completes, the shift of the Reagan administration to
tenant-assisted programs away from the production of new low-income housing, and
the only significant new funds in the budget are for a modest amount of
additional vouchers and Section 8 certificates for tenants.

Programs such as the low-income preservation incentives, the troubled FHA
multi-family assistance, and the HOPE grants, on the other hand, are staff
intensive. . . . Unfortunately, however, the proposed staffing increases are
focused on investigation and program enforcement. The Office of Housing is to
get a 1 percent staff increase; the Office of Community Planning, with the new
HOME program, gets an even smaller increase, while the inspector general, the
new chief financial officer and the Office of General Counsel all get larger
percentage increases. It appears that program enforcement is given a higher
priority than program development or program management.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

SERIES: Occasional

GRAPHIC: ILLUSTRATION

TYPE: NATIONAL NEWS

                       Copyright 1991 The Washington Post


                             226 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                      Finance & Commerce (Minneapolis, MN)

                            February 15, 2008 Friday

Makeover for Minnesota Building in St. Paul

BYLINE: Burl Gilyard

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 527  words


An old, empty building in downtown St. Paul isn't news.

But one of them, the storied Minnesota Building, at 46 E. Fourth St., has been
teased with redevelopment plans in recent years that showed promise for a while,
only to fade away.

Now a St. Cloud-area firm appears close to redeveloping and restoring the aging
and idle 1929 art deco building.

Waite Park-based Sand Companies Inc. is planning a $25 million overhaul calling
for 137 units of affordable rental housing and 10,000 square feet of office and
retail space. Sand Companies specializes in multi-family and hotel projects.

"If everything goes well, we're probably looking at starting construction in
July," said Jamie Thelen, president of Sand Companies. He projects an 18-month
construction cycle.

"We've developed a lot of rental housing. We did a market study for downtown St.
Paul. That was certainly identified as a need: additional rental housing,"
Thelen said.

Plans call for a top-to-bottom renovation in the historic building that has been
fully vacant for two years and close to vacant for a long time.

"The whole building is basically going to be gutted out. We're going to redo all
the common areas," Thelen said. He added that the building will get new windows,
a new roof and a new set of elevators.

The challenging project is made possible by utilizing both historic and
low-income housing tax credits from the city of St. Paul totaling a combined
$11.5 million.

The Minnesota Housing Finance Agency is also providing financing and
low-interest loans to the project.

Due to the complex financing, Thelen noted, the building's apartments are
technically considered two different projects: the 60-unit Minnesota Vistas at
the top of the building and the 77-unit Minnesota Place throughout the rest.

Minnesota Place will include 10 units dedicated for people who have battled
long-term homelessness. For those units, Sand Companies has partnered with the
St. Paul-based Amherst H. Wilder Foundation, which will provide those residents
with social services.

In recent years, the Minnesota Building has prompted a lot of tongue-wagging and
speculation in downtown St. Paul.

In 2003, Bolsa Magnolia LLC, which was connected to the family of Gen. Vang Pao,
bought the building amid talk of a conversion to residential condos. But instead
of redevelopment, tenants decamped and the building sat idle.

In 2006, fresh talk of redevelopment popped up. St. Paul restaurateur Troy
DeWitt's DeWitt Development Corp. paid $5.75 million for the 101,000-square-foot
building in April 2006. DeWitt announced plans for a mixed-use conversion
including condos, office and retail.

Sand Companies had been partnering with DeWitt on the project, but Thelen said
Sand Companies bought out DeWitt's interest in the project last year. DeWitt is
no longer involved.

In 2006, the Metropolitan Council awarded $379,800 for asbestos and lead-based
paint abatement at the building. Thelen said that the environmental work was
completed last fall.

Sand Companies plans to open a St. Paul office in the building.

"We're going to restore the building back to its original state," Thelen said.
"We think it's going to be received very well. "

LOAD-DATE: February 16, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: General news

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2008 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved


                             227 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Laurel Leader-Call (Mississippi)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             March 13, 2011 Sunday

Cities of Ellisville, Taylorsville awarded for community projects

BYLINE: Charlotte Graham, Laurel Leader-Call, Miss.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 968 words


March 13--JACKSON -- Two area communities are listed among the 13 recipients of
the 2011 Governor's Community Projects of Excellence Award presented by Governor
Haley Barbour and Gray Swoope, executive director of the Mississippi Development
Authority (MDA), during a ceremony at the Mississippi Department of Education
building in downtown Jackson Wednesday.

The City of Ellisville was recognized as "Best CDBG-Recovery," while the Town of
Taylorsville was honored for "Best Small Municipal and Limited Population County
Grant (SMLPC)."

The awards are presented to community leaders and representatives from
non-profit organizations for their outstanding use of Community Development
Block Grant (CDBG), Emergency Shelter Grant Program (ESG), Capital Improvements
Revolving Loan Program (CAP), Rural Impact Fund Program (RIF), Small Municipal
and Limited Population County Grant Program (SMLPC) and Home Investment
Partnerships Program (HOME) funds over the past year. The state and federal
funding programs, which provide assistance for community improvement projects,
are administered by MDA's Community Services Division.

The CDBG Program helps local units of government realize their potential by
providing the necessary funds to ensure adequate housing, basic community
services, environmental quality and economic opportunities for their residents;
ESG funds are designed to provide assistance to homeless individuals and
families; HOME Program funds are made available to local communities to provide
for affordable housing, whether through homeowner rehabilitation/reconstruction,
new construction, the substantial rehabilitation of multi-family rental units or
through assistance to homebuyers.

"The awards presented today represent the excellent use of state and federal
funding programs in Mississippi communities around the state," Governor Barbour
said. "I thank this year's award recipients for their service to their
communities and their dedication to making them better places in which to live,
work and do business."

Other winners of the Governor's Community Projects of Excellence Awards are:

--Coahoma County -- Best CDBG Economic Development (ED)

--City of Magnolia -- Best CDBG Public Facility

--Town of Braxton -- Best CDBG Self-Help

--Haven House Family Shelter -- Best Emergency Shelter Grant (ESG)

--Monroe County -- Best Capital Improvements Revolving Loan (CAP)

--Calhoun City -- Best Rural Impact Fund (RIF)

--Valley Community Development Corporation -- Best HOME Program Community
Housing Development Organization (CHDO)

--Town of Ethel -- Best HOME Program Homeowner Rehabilitation

--City of Holly Springs -- Best HOME Program Homebuyer Assistance

--City of Gulfport -- Best Katrina CDBG Community Revitalization

--The Lodge -- Best Katrina CDBG Long Term Workforce Housing

In addition, two Gulf Coast municipalities were presented awards for their use
of federal Hurricane Katrina Disaster Recovery CDBG funds, which are
administered by MDA's Disaster Recovery Division. Katrina CDBG funds are
designed to help local units of government in the areas hardest hit by Hurricane
Katrina. These funds can be used by counties and cities to ensure basic
community services, environmental quality and economic opportunities for their
residents. CDBG-Recovery funds were made available to the state through the
American Recovery and Reinvestment Act of 2009 as part of the federal
government's efforts to stimulate the economy. These funds can be used for
needed infrastructure projects, basic services to residents and activities that
promote energy efficiency and conservation through the rehabilitation or
retrofitting of existing buildings.

The state offers a number of community development programs, as well. CAP funds
are provided to counties or municipalities to finance capital improvements such
as water, sewer, industrial draining and fire protection improvements,
industrial access roads, construction of multipurpose facilities for tourism
development and recreation improvements. RIF funds are designed to assist and
promote businesses and economic development in rural areas by providing grants
to rural communities. SMLPC funds are used for publicly-owned infrastructure for
community-based projects such as drainage systems, water and sewer systems,
roads and bridges and buildings. Funding from this program can be used by small
municipalities and counties with limited populations.

"The key to economic development success is having vibrant, competitive
communities," said Swoope. "Last year, MDA administered $83 million in state and
federal funds, excluding Hurricane Katrina programs, all of which are aimed at
enhancing our communities.

"Today we recognized those projects that excelled at using these programs to
better the quality of life and economic well being of their citizens."

MDA is Mississippi's lead economic and community development agency, employing
nearly 300 people to engage in providing services to businesses, communities and
workers in the state. While the agency is best known for its efforts to recruit
new businesses to Mississippi, MDA provides services to promote tourism, help
communities improve their quality of place, help existing employers identify and
meet opportunities and challenges and help workers improve their skills -- all
with the goal of improving the quality of life and economic well-being of
Mississippians.

To learn more about the agency and its programs, visit MDA's Web site at
www.mississippi.org.

To see more of the Laurel Leader-Call or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.leadercall.com. Copyright (c) 2011, Laurel Leader-Call, Miss.
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For more information
about the content services offered by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services
(MCT), visit www.mctinfoservices.com.

LOAD-DATE: March 14, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20110313-LH-Cities-of-Ellisville-Taylorsville-awarded-for-community-projects-031
3-20110313

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: LH


                       Copyright 2011 Laurel Leader-Call


                             228 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            March 31, 2016 Thursday

Washington: Merkley Completes Oregon Affordable Housing Tour

LENGTH: 387  words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Washington: Office of the Senator Jeff Merkley has issued the following news
release:



 Oregon's Senator Jeff Merkley completed his Oregon Affordable Housing Tour
today after stops in Portland, Medford and Eugene this week. Merkley held
roundtable discussions in each city with local and state advocates about what
the federal government can do to help address the housing crisis that is
gripping the entire state. Additionally, Merkley heard directly from Oregonians
who have been affected by rising rental prices, lack of available housing and
skyrocketing housing prices.





     "Throughout this tour, I've heard from Oregonians who have become homeless
due to rental increases and families who qualify for affordable housing only to
face a waitlist that is years long. It's clear that the housing crisis is
affecting communities in every corner of the state," said Merkley. "We have a
shortage of affordable housing units and rental prices that have spiraled far
beyond workers' wage increases. This tour underscores that we need officials at
every level of government working together to find solutions."



 Some of the ideas discussed during the Oregon Affordable Housing Tour include:



     Greater flexibility for public housing authorities to use federal vouchers
for portable rent subsidies or bundle them to preserve and renovate multi-family
buildings.

     Dedicate a portion of federal HOME grants and vouchers to the states with
the highest need.

     Build on Oregon's pilot project to integrate housing with healthcare
delivery as part of the Coordinated Care Organizations using Medicaid dollars.

     Make existing housing vouchers more effective by changing the Fair Market
Rent calculation in communities where rent is rising quickly.

     Increase flexible funding for locally-developed comprehensive plans.

     Expand the affordable housing conversation to include the positive impact
of stable, affordable housing on children's educational success.



 Senator Merkley has embarked on the Oregon Affordable Housing Tour to better
understand the nuances of this crisis and hear from those directly affected and
involved in the issue so he can better fight for these and other federal
solutions.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: March 31, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             229 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The Calgary Herald (Alberta)

                           November 17, 2007 Saturday
                                 Final Edition

Condo shorts

BYLINE: Kathy Mccormick, Calgary Herald

SECTION: NEW CONDOS; Pg. J1

LENGTH: 228  words


Manor to help needy

Parkhill Manor officially opens next week as the first private-sector housing
development resulting from the Affordable Housing Partnerships Initiative, a
program agreement between the federal and provincial governments.

In June 2006, $31 million was approved for affordable housing projects in
Alberta for low- to moderate-income Albertans. Parkhill Manor at 3824 Parkhill
Place S.W. is a nine-unit rental building for moderate-income families. It is
also Alberta's first Energuide-rated multi-family project.

-- Kathy McCormick

Stampede of activity

If you've been driving by Stampede Station lately, you'll notice that Opus has
arrived.

The developer is building a nine-storey office complex directly adjacent to the
condo buildings now under construction by Cove Properties, also part of the
mixed-use development adjacent to the Stampede LRT station on Macleod Trail
South. The office tower features more than 150,000 square feet of leaseable
floor area.

-- Kathy McCormick

Time to lighten up

Painting your walls is one way to instantly give your home a new look.

Brown will continue to be a top seller, says Sico Paints, one of Canada's
largest paint manufacturers.

But it will change from past variations of what is considered to be the most
versatile colour on the palette.

It will become lighter in tone, infused with yellow, green or red.

-- Kathy McCormick

LOAD-DATE: November 21, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


Copyright 2007 The Calgary Herald, a division of Canwest MediaWorks Publication
                                      Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             230 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           September 27, 2016 Tuesday

2017 Draft Action Plan Released

LENGTH: 1214  words

DATELINE: New York



 Santa Fe: The City of Albuquerque. has issued the following news release



 AP-05 Executive Summary - 24 CFR 91.200(c), 91.220(b)

 1. Introduction

 As a U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development (HUD) Enititlement City,
the City of Albuquerque must submit to HUD a Consolidated Plan and an Annual
Action Plan. The Consolidated Plan is a 5- year plan to address housing and
community development needs. The 2017 Action Plan is the last year of the City's
2013-2017 Consolidated Plan and it outlines the City's goals for the 1 year
period, provides an update of the City's progress in fulfilling goals and
outlines the recipients and/or the process for distribution of grant funds
received from HUD. It follows the priorities set out in the Consolidated Plan
which were developed after extensive community input and analysis of the
existing data at the time. It includes goals and proposed activities under the
Community Development Block Grant (CDBG), HOME Investment Partnerships (HOME),
and Emergency Solutions Grant (ESG) Programs. The Action Plan is for the program
year beginning January 1, 2017.



 The guiding principle of the Consolidated Plan and 2017 Action Plan is to focus
on program interventions that will best meet the immediate housing and
supportive housing needs of cost burdened populations "at-risk" for
homelessness, and invest in preventative strategies to break the cycle of
poverty and chronic homelessness. The Division will continue to prioritize those
program strategies that increase the capacity of vulnerable City residents to
access and maintain affordable housing and to revitalize low income
neighborhoods.

 2. Summarize the objectives and outcomes identified in the Plan

 This could be a restatement of items or a table listed elsewhere in the plan or
a reference to another location. It may also contain any essential items from
the housing and homeless needs assessment, the housing market analysis or the
strategic plan.

 Objective 1: Increase Affordable Housing opportunities for low to moderate
income households:

 o Affordable Housing Development: 60 Household Housing Units

 o Tenant-based Rental Assistance Program / Rapid Re-housing Program: 157
Households Assisted

 o Emergency Intervention Program: 3337 Overnight/Emergency Shelter/Transitional
Housing Beds

 Objective 2: Increase Sustainable Housing Opportunities for low to moderate
income households:

 Annual Action Plan

 2017

 2

 OMB Control No: 2506-0117 (exp. 07/31/2015)

 o Public service activities other than Low/Moderate Income Benefit (Eviction
Prevention, Motel Vouchers): 1075 Persons assisted

 o Homeowner housing rehabilitated (minor repairs homeown rehab ) : 210 Housinng
units

 Objective 3: Revitalize Target Neighborhoods:

 Objective 4: Increase Services for "at-risk" Populations

 o Public service activities other than Low/Moderate Income Housing Benefit
(Dental, Childcare, Senior Meals): 2225

 3. Evaluation of past performance

 This is an evaluation of past performance that helped lead the grantee to
choose its goals or projects.

 A high priority for the City during the past year has been to decrease the
number of people experiencing homelessness and to find permanent housing for
this vulnerable population. Therefore the number of Tenant Based Rental
Assistance vouchers was increased in the 2017 Action Plan. In the 2013-2017
Consodidated Plan, the City chose to prioritize renter programs over homeowner
programs. The money allocated to homeowner programs is to enable homeowners to
stay in their homes through minor or major home improvements and none of the
funding is allocated to increasing home ownership. Developers of new housing
homeownership projects have had difficulty selling and occupying units whereas
there is a shortage of affordable rental units and available rental units are
not unoccupied for long. Now the housing market has improved somewhat and new
homeowner construction would be able to attract eligible homebuyers. However the
construction costs for new single family housing units are so high that the
Division has determined that it will continue to prioritize funding to assist
with new multi-family construction and/or rental acquisition/rehabilitation
rather than single family home ownership because many more families can be
helped.

 In the past, the Division has served at-risk populations through its Public
Services programs and will continue to do so during 2017.

 4. Summary of Citizen Participation Process and consultation process

 Summary from citizen participation section of plan.

 On September 26, 2016, at 5:30 pm, the Community Development Division presented
the 2017 Action Plan at the Los Griegos Community Center. The meeting location
as well as detailed information regarding location of free copies of the Action
Plan, funding amounts and purposes of the proposed funding were advertised in
the Albuquerque Journal on September 10, 2016. The information was also posted
on the City's website. Members of the Affordable Housing Committee, the
Strategic

 Annual Action Plan

 2017

 3

 OMB Control No: 2506-0117 (exp. 07/31/2015)

 Collaborative to End Homelessness, the CoC Steering Committee, the ABQ Heading
Home Initiative, as well as multiple social service agencies and housing
providers were provided the Public Hearing Notice by email and invited to attend
the meeting. A notice of the Public Hearing also went out to the City's Office
of Neighborhood Coordination list of Neighborhood Association contacts, which
number over 400 email addresses. Citizens were notified at the Public Hearing
and on the Department's website of the Plan's 30-day Public Comment period,
which started on September 27, 2016 and ended on October 26, 2016.

 Citizens were also encouraged to attend both the City Council Finance
Government Operations (FGO) Committee and City Council Public Hearings when the
2017 Action Plan is scheduled to be introduced and voted upon.

 5. Summary of public comments

 This could be a brief narrative summary or reference an attached document from
the Citizen Participation section of the Con Plan.

 This section will be updated upon closure of the public comment period.

 6. Summary of comments or views not accepted and the reasons for not accepting
them

 This section will be updated upon closure of the public comment period.

 7. Summary

 Community input for the 2017 Action Plan was solicited in multiple ways. The
City publically presented the 2017 Draft Action Plan on September 26 which
initiated a 30-day Public Comment Period. E-mail invitations were sent out to
housing developers, social service agencies, neighborhood associations, and an
announcement was posted in the Albuquerque Journal. Fliers were posted at City's
23 community centers, the City's four Health and Social Service Centers and at
the Senior Centers that provide meals to low income seniors. In conformance with
the State of New Mexico Open Meetings Act, an agenda for the public meeting was
posted on the City's bulletin board, which is located in a highly trafficed area
of City Hall. The Action Plan was posted on the City's website for the 30-day
Public Comment Period and information was given on how to submit public
comments.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: September 28, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             231 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     Daily Press - Victorville (California)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            June 24, 2009 Wednesday

Hesperia has apartment boom: 160 new units expected by year's end

BYLINE: Beau Yarbrough, Daily Press, Victorville, Calif.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 473 words


Jun. 24--HESPERIA

--While new single-family housing construction has slowed to a trickle, with
only a dozen new permits requested in 2009, Hesperia is experiencing an
apartment-building boom, with 64 individual apartments built so far and 89 more
expected to be completed by year's end.

The reason for the boom is simple, says the city's principal planner.

"Primarily, they have funding for them," Dave Reno said.

"Those are projects that have been in the works for a while, and their time has
come."

Ground zero for the multifamily housing boom is C Avenue.

"The land along C Avenue, for example, has been zoned for multi-family for many
years. In fact, before cityhood" in 1988, Reno said. "Our density plans already
have that (multi-family housing) in place."

With a backlog of newly built houses sitting unsold in the High Desert and
around the country, getting financing to build yet more single family homes is
difficult. But developers can get government financing intended to make more
affordable housing available when they build multifamily housing.

"Billionaires can't get loans for tract homes, but this money is available and
it's in use," Reno said.

What's considered affordable housing is based on calculations done by the county
and state.

In San Bernardino C o u n ty, t h e m e d i a n income for a family of four is
$57,500. The state says that 30 percent of that family's monthly income is what
they ought to be paying in rent, or $1,437 a month. (According to the 2000 U.S.
Census, the median income in Hesperia for a family of four is lower: $43,004.)

To get redevelop -- ment funds Hesperia uses to pave roads and help businesses
in the city, it has to hit certain targets for affordable housing, including
having units available for verylow-income, low-income and moderate-income
renters.

Very-low-income units cost a maximum of 60 percent of the standard rate to
renters, or $862 a month for a family of four, with the rest subsidized by tax
dollars.

L ow- i n co m e re n t -- ers will pay $1,150, or 80 percent of the standard
rental rate, and moderate-income renters can pay up to 120 percent of the
expected rental rate, or $1,725 for a family of four.

"We're required that 20 percent of our redeve l o p m e n t m o n ey i s set
aside for (subsidizing) affordable housing," Reno said. "A lot of the reason
multi-family is going up when nothing else is, is because they're getting some
sort of financing."

To see more of the Daily Press, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.vvdailypress.com. Copyright (c) 2009, Daily Press, Victorville,
Calif. Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints,
email tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send
a fax to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee
Ave., Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: June 24, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20090624-VV-Hesperia-has-apartment-boom-0624

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: VV


                           Copyright 2009 Daily Press


                             232 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Star Tribune (Minneapolis, MN)

                          November 23, 2011 Wednesday
                                 METRO EDITION

Housing agency has big footprint

BYLINE: KATIE HUMPHREY; STAFF WRITER, STAR TRIBUNE (Mpls.-St. Paul)

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 1AA

LENGTH: 940 words



HIGHLIGHT: The Dakota County Community Development Agency has emerged as an
affordable housing leader, building or renovating hundreds of homes for
low-income seniors and families through public projects and partnerships with
private developers.


Kathleen Berg knew she would have to move when she retired.

But paying the rent with her Social Security check wouldn't be easy. She made
too much to qualify for traditional affordable housing programs. Bargain
apartments left her wondering about cleanliness and safety.

Then Berg found Carmen Court, an affordable apartment building for senior
citizens in Inver Grove Heights, owned and managed by the Dakota County
Community Development Agency (CDA). She moved in, paying a percentage of her
income based on a sliding scale.

"It's not fancy, but I think it's kind of cute and cozy," Berg, 66, said of her
one-bedroom apartment. "There's a big need for this."

The affordable senior housing program is one of the hallmarks of the Dakota
County CDA, which celebrates its 40th anniversary this month.

But those two dozen apartment buildings sprinkled across the county -- and two
more under construction -- are just a fraction of the work done by an agency
that has grown from a fledgling housing authority to a community development
powerhouse little known by the public but widely praised in development circles.

Their other programs have wide reach, from weatherization and traditional
Section 8 public housing programs to affordable townhouse developments and
financial assistance to first-time home buyers. The CDA also administers the
federal community development block grants that pay for a variety of local
improvements -- from playgrounds to historic building rehabilitation -- and
shepherds broader economic development goals through research and financial
contributions.

"They're in a league by themselves," said Jay Jensen, a former official with the
Minneapolis housing authority now with Shelter Corp., a private housing
development and management company that has partnered with the CDA for multiple
projects. "If you want to do a blueprint for a [public] housing organization, I
would say, 'I want to copy the Dakota County CDA. I want their powers. I want
their mission. I'd steal the staff. Everything.'"

Wide-ranging mission

The CDA was formed in 1971 as the Dakota County Housing and Redevelopment
Authority, with the blessing of the Dakota County Board and funding from a
countywide property tax levy. From the start, it was unusual in its broad reach
across an entire county; most housing agencies were specific to cities.

The agency started by managing federal housing programs, such as scattered-site
public housing vouchers for low-income residents. As the county grew, so has
demand for the CDA's burgeoning housing programs.

"The needs are large," said Mark Ulfers, executive director of the CDA since
1986. "We're not just here to support options for the very lowest income. We try
to cover the continuum of options and services that are needed."

In 1983, they started offering loan financing and downpayment assistance to
first-time home buyers. The first senior apartment building opened in 1987. To
serve working-class families, the CDA started building rental townhouse
complexes, financed through cash-for-tax-credit swaps with private investors.
And they help private developers get financing to build or renovate other
affordable multi-family housing developments.

"They've diversified themselves and they truly understand the importance of both
the mission and the business," said Beth Stohr of U.S. Bank Community
Development Corp., which has invested $55 million in the townhouse projects.

The agency's budget for 2010 was $53.6 million, with about $7.1 million of that
coming from countywide property taxes. They also get revenue from federal and
state programs, grant programs and, of course, rent.

That ability to find and leverage different pots of money has been an especially
savvy strategy given the fluctuations in federal funding, said Nan McKay, a
nationally known expert on affordable housing who was the founding executive
director of the Dakota County agency.

"It's just so progressive in comparison to what other housing agencies have done
throughout the country," McKay said.

Winning the PR battle

But in affordable housing development, funding is only one of the battles.

Tom Hedges, city administrator in Eagan, said the CDA has also proven adept at
countering the sometimes negative public reaction of low-income housing
developments by building architecturally attractive buildings and managing them
well.

"You can't tell that they're affordable housing," Hedges said.

In Burnsville, the CDA leveraged its reputation and offered funding to enable
nonprofit Community Housing Development Corp. to buy and renovate Chancellor
Manor, a rundown private low-income apartment complex that was a hot spot for
crime.

"It's a tough job," said Dick Brustad, vice president of Community Housing
Development Corp. He credits Ulfers, who has built the trust of local officials,
with convincing people that affordable housing can be an asset. "Chancellor
Manor wouldn't have happened without CDA assistance."

Katie Humphrey - 952-746-3286

BY THE NUMBERS

The Dakota County Community Development Agency serves about 10,000 people daily,
through more than 30 programs revolving around affordable housing and community
development. Here's a sampling of statistics about the agency:

2.5 million

The total square footage of CDA properties

6,500

People on waiting lists for CDA-owned housing

5,700

Buyers have received CDA assistance to purchase their first home

5,000

Households have received grants for weatherization improvements

2,200

Federal housing choice vouchers administered annually by the CDA

1,397

Affordable apartments for seniors in 24 buildings

597

Affordable rental townhouses available for working families

Source: Dakota County CDA

LOAD-DATE: November 23, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2011 Star Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved


                             233 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       Eureka Times Standard (California)

                          September 2, 2009 Wednesday

Council to hold public hearing on block grants

BYLINE: The Times-Standard

SECTION: NEWS; Local

LENGTH: 212 words


The Arcata City Council will hold a public hearing tonight on potential projects
the city may submit for funding from a state Community Development Block Grant.

The city anticipates receiving a Notice of Funding Availability (NOFA) from the
State Department of Housing and Community Development for the CDBG Planning and
Technical Assistance Allocation in October. Awards will be granted on a
first-come, first-serve basis.

Tonight's hearing is being held to select from the potential applications to
ensure sufficient time to complete the CDBG applications, which can be for a sum
up to $70,000.

A state representative has reportedly told the city that NOFA will be released
in October, and recommended the city be prepared to submit its application soon
after the release date.

City staff is recommending the council, after holding the public hearing,
authorize the submittal of an application for a $70,000 grant to complete
technical studies and prepare building plans for multi-family rental housing and
first-time homebuyer housing for property at 1301 Foster Ave.

The council's meeting scheduled for Sept. 16 has been canceled, and a special
meeting has been scheduled for Sept. 23.

If You Go:

What: Arcata City Council

When: 6 p.m. tonight

Where: City Council Chamber, 736 F St.

LOAD-DATE: September 2, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2009 Times - Standard
                              All Rights Reserved


                             234 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                             Watertown Daily Times

                           December 8, 2005, Thursday

Agencies look to developers for housing proposals

BYLINE: By Nicolas Zimmerman

LENGTH: 833 words



The Development Authority of the North Country and the Fort Drum Regional
Liaison Organization solicited proposals Wednesday from developers interested in
building multi-family apartment projects on four sites in Jefferson County.

The group announced it will use the $ 9 million in state and local funding it
received this week to create a revolving fund to help developers defray the cost
of building infrastructure on potential building sites.

"The program is designed to meet a significant need for mixed-income rental
housing that can serve both affordable and market renters in our community,
including both military and non-military families," Kevin J. Jordan, DANC's
director of project development, said Wednesday.

The north country is suffering under the weight of a housing shortage brought on
by the estimated arrival of 6,000 Fort Drum soldiers, plus families, over the
course of two years. An FDRLO-commissioned housing study predicted the market
will need to add between 1,400 and 1,800 new housing units over the next five
years.

FDRLO has identified six strategies to help meet housing demand but settled on
what is considered to be the most urgent.

"Where we see the biggest demand, at least in the short term, is in large-scale,
multi-family housing units," said John K. Bartow Jr., executive director of the
Tug Hill Commission. The housing is needed "to fill the immediate need of the
pressure that's coming both from soldiers as well as the existing population of
the area."

To spur private investment, FDRLO and DANC will negotiate with qualified
developers to provide loans to help pay for infrastructure improvements on the
sites.

With the assistance of the National Development Council, DANC put together a
financial model it believes would help a developer offer roughly half its
apartments at below-market rates.

The model outlines a plan whereby a developer would finance 50 percent to 60
percent of its project through traditional lending institutions, 25 percent to
30 percent through state low-income housing credits, and the remaining 15
percent through a loan from DANC.

For its first round of proposal requests, the groups identified four sites: 61.5
acres straddling the Watertown town/city border, 22 acres in the village of
Evans Mills and 5.6 acres in Carthage. Altogether, the group hopes the parcels
could hold close to 300 apartment units.

Each of the four municipalities involved have offered letters of support for the
projects, each offering some form of tax break, Mr. Jordan said.

He warned that the groups' site plans are "conceptual," adding that the sites
could yield more or fewer apartments than the target.

"We're really leaving it up to the developers to take a look at these sites, be
creative and submit their best site plan and their best building plan," he said.

The FDRLO housing study found that roughly half the current market demand is
driven by families earning less than 90 percent of the median income.

"Developers are not building rental housing to serve this market primarily
because of a documented gap between existing and feasible rents," Mr. Jordan
said.

DANC and FDRLO will hold a mandatory meeting Dec. 15 for developers interested
in submitting a proposal. Written proposals will be due by Feb. 3, and Mr.
Jordan said a committee appointed by the groups plans to make a selection within
two weeks.

Mr. Jordan said DANC estimates it will use roughly one-third of the $ 9 million
in housing funding on the four sites, with subsequent requests to follow.

FDRLO Executive Director Carl A. McLaughlin said the market will dictate what
type of housing the group targets for development next.

It "may be for duplexes, it may be for single-family houses. Those things will
unfold as we move forward," he said. "We're looking to the market's creativity
here. We want to get the most bang for the buck out of this process as
possible."

Michael S. Jordan, vice president of Buffalo-area Clover Construction Management
Inc., said the loans should help developers build apartments cheaply enough to
offer them at a price the market can bear.

His company hopes to build 500 apartments on Route 342 in LeRay, but he said
it's no sure thing the project will prove financially feasible -- despite
efficiencies created by the fact Clover owns its own building firm and
property-management firm.

"Most of it boils down to infrastructure costs. There's a lack of infrastructure
up here," he said. "That's what is slowing things down. You can't just purchase
a site, hook up the sewer and start building."



-----

To see more of the Watertown Daily Times, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go
to http://www.wdt.net. Copyright (c) 2005, Watertown Daily Times, N.Y.

Distributed by Knight Ridder/Tribune Business News.

For information on republishing this content, contact us at (800) 661-2511
(U.S.), (213) 237-4914 (worldwide), fax (213) 237-6515, or e-mail
reprints@krtinfo.com.

LOAD-DATE: December 8, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

KR-ACC-NO: WE-HOUSING-20051208

JOURNAL-CODE: WE

               Copyright 2005 Knight Ridder/Tribune Business News
                      Copyright 2005 Watertown Daily Times


                             235 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                      East Valley Tribune (Mesa, Arizona)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            February 8, 2010 Monday

Affordable housing options in Gilbert are slim

BYLINE: Blake Herzog, The Tribune, Mesa, Ariz.

SECTION: BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL NEWS

LENGTH: 1201 words


Feb. 8--Dana Ortiz started shopping for her first house last week, eager to move
out of her Mesa rental and stake her claim to the stability and status that she
says paying a mortgage confers. But at least one part of her dream will have to
be deferred: living in Gilbert.

She was primed to start looking for a home in the town when, in mid-December,
she was notified by e-mail that the federally-funded agency she was getting
assistance from, Community Housing Resources of Arizona, would no longer be
doing business in Gilbert.

"I cried, because that really affected me," Ortiz said. "I worked so hard, and I
thought I had everything in order."

Since then she's bounced back, qualifying for financial aid from another
Maricopa County program targeting working-class and lower-income families. But
the single mom won't be able to buy enough house in Gilbert for her three
children. So she expects she'll be buying in Mesa and driving the kids,
including a special-needs child, to Gilbert schools.

"We hope to live there (Gilbert) eventually, but it's going to be postponed for
five years, because that's how long we have to stay in the house we're going to
buy," she said.

Housing prices in Gilbert have fallen to the point where programs like the one
Ortiz was enrolled in could help more families move into town. But at the same
time, its government leaders are losing interest in taking on any role in
helping to hand out the federal funds.

The Town Council's 6-1 vote late last year to end the CHRA program Ortiz was
counting also blocked two more affordable housing programs from expanding into
Gilbert. A Save the Family affordable-rental program, which needed only letter
of support from the council to apply for county funds, was reconsidered the
following week and approved by a narrow 4-3 vote.

BAD TIMING

It was a surprise setback for Phoenix-based CHRA when the council voted not to
renew its contract. The decision came just as executive director Joann Hauger
was hoping to make more inroads in Gilbert this year, after recent precipitous
home price declines.

The agency always had more difficulty finding affordable housing in Gilbert than
its other cities, Phoenix and Glendale. Affordable housing is defined by the
U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development as consuming no more than 30
percent of a household's gross income.

Since 2002, the Gilbert first-time home buyer program, funded by federal money
offered through CHRA, gave up to $30,000 of gap financing for families 20 to 30
percent below the Valley's average median income.

"We would talk to people who wanted to come to Gilbert but no amount of
assistance would have made ownership in Gilbert a realistic option for them,"
Hauger said of the real-estate boom.

"Last year the prices had come down tremendously, but everybody was scared of
getting into the market. You didn't find a lot of people who were interested in
buying," she added, but the first-time home buyer credit and other factors were
drawing people like Ortiz.

Council members gave various reasons for not renewing the contract, from
concerns about how much money the town might have to spend to administer the
contracts to questions over what could happen if home buyers defaulted on
homeowners association fees.

ROOF OVER THEIR HEADS

Vice Mayor Linda Abbott's questions at the meeting focused on the HOA fees, but
she said in a later interview she also does not feel the government should get
involved in helping people buy homes they couldn't afford otherwise.

She said Gilbert has enough different kinds of housing to choose from, including
rentals.

"I do believe people deserve to have a safe roof over their heads, but not
necessarily a roof of their own ownership," Abbott said.

On the other side is Mayor John Lewis. He was the only person on the council who
voted for all three contracts, arguing having a variety of affordable housing
options helps attract employers to town.

He said affordable housing was a bigger problem years ago, when he chaired a
diversity task force. "In 1999, we were not thought of in positive terms when it
came to affordable housing. In 10 years, we've made great progress," he said.

In recent years the council frowned at bringing additional apartments and other
multi-family housing to town, preferring to set whatever land aside possible for
economic development.

Senior planner Linda Edwards said about 71 percent of Gilbert's land is planned
for residences. Of that, 7 percent is set aside for multifamily housing,
including apartments and condominiums that can also be built on top of retail or
office suites.

FEW OPTIONS LEFT

With CHRA's exit, there are few affordable housing options left in Gilbert.

Mesa-based Save the Family was barely able to win the required letter of
recommendation from the town to apply for $450,000 from the Maricopa HOME
consortium. Once it did receive the OK, it sent paperwork requesting the funds,
property development director Kyle Hamblin said.

If it succeeds, Save the Family plans to buy three residences in Gilbert and
make them available to lower-income families with children under age 18. Hamblin
said having residents from all income levels within the town's borders can lower
costs for everyone who lives there.

"It can help with transportation taxes, the money that is spent (on roads and
transit) because people have such long commutes. And without lower-income
housing, you don't have a pool for low-cost labor," he said -- which would
include teachers, police officers and other working-class people.

The real-estate crash has lowered home prices in Gilbert considerably. According
to Money magazine's 2006 Best Places to Live survey, which ranked Gilbert No.
18, the median home price was $284,900 and it had racked up 40 percent growth
from 2004 to 2005.

The December 2009 resale home market report from Arizona State University's
Center for Real Estate Theory and Practice reported Gilbert's median home price
as $185,000, $30,000 below the previous month.

GOOD NEWS, BAD NEWS

Views on whether that trend will change any time soon vary. Jay Butler, ASU
associate professor, said the market could be bumping along the bottom for a
while.

He said the good or bad news, depending on whether you're a seller or buyer, is
Gilbert's reputation is solid as a safe community with good schools in a good
location.

"When homes are foreclosed on and sold back into the market, there isn't that
much of a markdown," Butler said.

Nancy Niblett, an East Valley-based realtor who features a Web page touting the
unusually affordable properties in Gilbert, said she is already seeing signs of
an upturn.

Niblett said she is not seeing as many homes listed in the $120,000 to $150,000
range any more. "Most of those tend to go pretty quickly. We're starting to see
an increase in pricing, which is good."

To see more of The Tribune, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.eastvalleytribune.com. Copyright (c) 2010, The Tribune, Mesa, Ariz.
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: February 9, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20100208-MZ-Affordable-housing-options-in-Gilbert-are-slim-0208

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: MZ


                       Copyright 2010 East Valley Tribune


                             236 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     High Point Enterprise (North Carolina)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                              July 17, 2009 Friday

Housing Authority board OKs Clara Cox resolution

BYLINE: Pat Kimbrough, High Point Enterprise, N.C.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 363 words


Jul. 17--HIGH POINT -- The High Point Housing Authority Board of Commissioners
has approved a financing arrangement for the Clara Cox redevelopment project.

During a special meeting Wednesday, commissioners approved a resolution that
clears the way for the authority to seek the go-ahead from the federal
government before construction can begin on the southeast High Point project.

The first phase will entail building 80 low-income rental units on the site of
the former Clara Cox Homes public housing community, which has been vacant since
it was demolished four years ago.

The authority next must get approval from the U.S. Department of Housing and
Urban Development to enable it to provide loans totaling $1.28 million to assist
in the financing of the construction of phase one, estimated to cost about $9.8
million.

The bulk of the financing is slated to come through tax credits in which
SunTrust Banks Inc. will invest.

Last year, the authority was granted $1 million in federal tax credits and a
$615,000 state tax credit loan.

The authority is planning a $28 million, three-phase project made up of about
210 multi-family rental units and 19 single-family homes on the 19.4-acre Clara
Cox site at 621 E. Grimes Ave.

Phase one will encompass 7.4 acres of the site. Fifteen of the 80 units will be
subsidized public housing. The others will be reserved for low-income residents.

Officials hope to begin construction this summer. Phase one is expected to take
12 to 14 months to finish.

Charlotte-based Crosland is the developer of the project.

According to the resolution, the authority's nonprofit subsidiary, Low Income
Housing Opportunities Inc., formed an entity known as High Point Economic
Opportunities Inc. to serve as one of the developers of the project.

To see more of the High Point Enterprise, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go
to http://www.hpe.com. Copyright (c) 2009, High Point Enterprise, N.C.
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: July 17, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20090717-HP-Housing-Authority-board-OKs-Clara-Cox-resolution-0717

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: HP


                      Copyright 2009 High Point Enterprise


                             237 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     Marin Independent Journal (California)

                          December 16, 2015 Wednesday

Rent control urged for Marin;
Speakers tell supervisors it's needed to provide affordable housing

BYLINE: Richard Halstead; rhalstead@marinij.com @HalsteadRichard on Twitter

SECTION: A,A; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 1209 words

ABSTRACT

SUPES ON HOUSING

FULL TEXT

Marin county staff advised supervisors Tuesday that rent control has the
potential to have the "most immediate and significant positive impact" toward
preserving housing affordability in Marin.

County supervisors held their third in a series of informational workshops
examining the affordable housing crisis gripping the county and exploring
possible solutions. Nearly 200 people turned out for the 5 p.m. meeting at the
Civic Center, and more than two dozen people, renters and landlords, provided
comments.

Dave Coury of San Rafael chided the supervisors for not addressing the housing
issue sooner. "I am a landlord and I feel we must have rent control," Coury
said. "We are in an emergency."

Kiki La Porte urged the supervisors to "transcend politics and summon the
leadership and vision to accept staff's recommendation" on rent control.

Sue Tracy, a retired teacher living on a pension, said, " We need to stabilize
our rental rates in Marin County; if we don't retired teachers like me won't be
able to live near our churches and friends."

Wendi Kallins said, "Right now tenants really don't have any rights. We have to
do something."

A number of speakers talked about the dire circumstances that renters in West
Marin are facing. Arianne Dar of Bolinas said that homes in Bolinas are standing
empty for vacation rentals while families are losing their homes.

A number of landlords, however, spoke in opposition to rent control saying it
would result in an immediate spike in rents and discourage new building.

Linda Rhames of Mill Valley said, "If you put in rent control in Marin County
the landlords will have no choice but to completely raise their rents so they
don't get stuck further on down the line."

Scott Gerber, a landlord and real estate broker, said, "The truth of the matter
is 99 percent of landlords aren't gouging their tenants."

Gail Connolly, a landlord who opposes rent control, said, when she moved to
Marin in the 1960s African Americans were seeking rent control so they could
continue living in San Rafael's Canal neighborhood.

"This is not a current issue; this has been going on for at least  50 years,"
Connolly said.

Pressure on renters

County planners Leelee Thomas and Alisa Stevenson presented supervisors with a
report documenting the intense pressure on Marin renters and outlined various
actions supervisors can take to ease that pressure. The planners' report
contained an impressive marshalling of data all of which added up to one
conclusion: woe to anyone renting housing in Marin. Renter households constitute
about 30 percent of Marin's population.

The planners said that average apartment rents have jumped by 75 percent since
2005 to $2,583 per month, and other data sources indicate that the median rent
for an apartment is even higher at about $3,000 per month. They estimated that
using federal affordability standards, a Marin household would currently need to
earn $8,610 per month, or $103,320 per year after taxes, to afford the average
rental in Marin. However, the planners said the average income for a Marin-based
job was only $62,408 in 2014.

They said that the county's dearth of affordable housing has contributed to a
rise in the number of people in the county who are either homeless or
precariously housed. A one-day count of Marin's homeless population done on Jan.
29, 2015, identified 1,309 homeless persons, including 57 families with
children, an increase of 38 percent since January 2013. The number of people
estimated to be precariously housed and at risk of homelessness increased to
5,222 individuals in January 2015 from 4,388 in January 2013.

Eviction safeguards

The planners said that a rental housing survey conducted by the Community
Development Agency in March "illustrated that more needs to be done to prevent
displacement of the county's low and moderate income community."

Sixteen percent of the more than 800 respondents said their rent had increased
by $200 or more per month in the past year while another 21 percent said their
rent had gone up by $100 to $199. Thirty-two percent of the respondents said
they are spending more than 50 percent of their income on housing while 46
percent said they are paying 30 percent to 50 percent of their income.

To aid beleaguered renters, the staff recommended that the supervisors consider
rent control coupled with eviction safeguards and relocation assistance. The
planners estimated that the affordability of some 3,600 multi-family rental
units in unincorporated Marin could be maintained through rent control.

Due to the state's Costa-Hawkins Rental Housing Act,  single-family homes,
condominiums, and residential rental units that received a certificate of
occupancy after February 1, 1995, are exempted from rent control ordinances. The
law, which was passed in 1995 during the Republican administration of then-Gov.
Pete Wilson, also allows a property owner to raise rents to market rate once a
unit is vacated by the existing tenant.

Pilot program

The planners said the cities of San Francisco, Oakland, Berkeley, San Jose, East
Palo Alto, Hayward, and Los Gatos have established rent regulation programs.
They said several other local jurisdictions - San Mateo County, and the cities
of Richmond, Alameda, Mountain View and Santa Rosa - are considering tenant
protections.

The planners said one option would be for supervisors to limit rent increases to
once per year and to a percentage equal to the Consumer Price Index for that
year. They said the county could also opt to experiment with a pilot program
with a built-in expiration date.

Alternatively, the planners said the supervisors could adopt an interim set of
voluntary rent stabilization guidelines. They noted, however, that San Rafael
has had such guidelines in place for 14 years and rental prices there have risen
as dramatically as the rest of the county.

Relocation aid

The planners also said that rent control is more effective when combined with
other tenant protections, most notably laws ensuring just cause for evictions.
Currently, Marin landlords can evict a renter for any or no reason as long as
they provide a 30-day written notice to the tenant, or 60 days if the tenant has
lived in the unit for a year or longer.

The planners suggested supervisors consider adopting an ordinance to require
that landlords provide a valid reason for eviction such as an owner wishing to
take occupancy, non-payment of rent, nuisance to landlords or other tenants,
damage to the unit, illegal activity, or any other violation of a lease.

They also recommended that the supervisors consider two other tenant
protections: relocation assistance to displaced tenants and a law to prohibit
landlords from discriminating against low income renters seeking to use Section
8 housing vouchers.

Supervisors took no action at Tuesday's meeting and board president Katie Rice,
who presided, stated at the beginning of the more than two-hour session that she
doubts that Marin residents have an "appetite" for rent control.

Supervisor Damon Connolly, whose district includes San Rafael, made a point of
defending San Rafael's voluntary guidelines.

"My sense is that there is an interest out there in coming up with that type of
code of ethics, Connolly said."

LOAD-DATE: December 16, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


    Copyright 2015 Marin Independent Journal, a MediaNews Group publication
                              All Rights Reserved


                             238 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            Dayton Daily News (Ohio)

                             April 20, 2014 Sunday

Building will house homeless;
Officials say Columbus Place will fill void of affordable housing in Xenia.;
NEW DETAILS

BYLINE: By Sharahn D. Boykin

SECTION: LOCAL & STATE; Pg. B1

LENGTH: 563 words


XENIA - Columbus Place, a six-unit apartment building planned for mentally ill
homeless people who may have drug or alcohol addictions, will help fill the
affordable housing void in the city, according to some officials.

The 7,775 square-foot apartment building is owned and will be operated by
Housing Solutions of Greene County, Inc. which provides housing and property
management services for behavioral health services patients in Greene County.

"Infill redevelopment is an important growth strategy for communities such as
Xenia," said Xenia City Manager Brent Merriman. "Any opportunity to realize new
investment in our neighborhoods brings value to our entire city. City staff will
support the decision made by the planning and zoning commission on this project,
and we will provide assistance where necessary to ensure that this project meets
all local requirements."

The $1 million building is being funded through grants and loans.

"There's not enough affordable (housing) stock here, and the stock that Xenia
has for low income people is deteriorating," said Rhonda Baer, the Housing
Solutions of Greene County, Inc. executive director.

About 40 people are on the waiting list for housing, according to Baer. Tenants
will be able to move into the apartments in late November or early December.

According to the most recent data from the Mental Health & Recovery Board of
Clark, Greene & Madison Counties, an estimated 5,727 people sought and received
treatment for addiction and mental illness in Greene County. About 7,506 people
sought similar services in Clark County.

Housing Solutions of Greene County broke ground on the apartment building
location, 93 North Columbus Street, last week following about five years of
zoning setbacks, according to city documents.

In 2009, the Xenia Board of Zoning Appeals denied Housing Solutions of Greene
County's request to build a 15-unit unit apartment building on the property. Two
years later, Xenia Planning and Zoning Commission approved plans to rezone an
adjacent piece of property, which was going to be combined with the initial
parcel, from one-family residential to multi-family. However the rezoning plans
stalled when Xenia City Council declined to make a motion on the issue.

Fred Hall, the Xenia Planning Commission vice-chair, opposed the project because
the building would not be located within walking distance of shopping centers or
grocery stores and would force the residents to rely on someone else for
transportation. During the 2011 hearing, Hall suggested there should be more
development to make the east side of Xenia a more "integral part of the city,"
according to minutes from the meeting obtained by the Dayton Daily News.

Several residents who lived in the area also voiced opposition to the apartment
building being built in their neighborhood during the public hearing. Some said
they had concerns about the safety of children in the area and supervision of
the mentally ill tenants. Others echoed Hall's concerns that the tenants would
be living in an area were transportation is needed to reach local shopping hubs.

"I think they should try to find something closer to the heart of town," Hall
said during an interview. "The location is a killer because they need to have
something that someone can get to without having to work something out to get
them there."

Contact this reporter at 937-225-2208.

LOAD-DATE: April 20, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2014 Dayton Newspapers, Inc.


                             239 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                            Tyler Morning Telegraph

                             July 24, 2005, Sunday

Some Tyler, Texas, residents still cannot find 'affordable' housing

BYLINE: By Greg Junek

LENGTH: 1075 words



People of low to moderate incomes in Tyler have plenty of places to find
"affordable" rental housing, but that does not mean all can afford to live in
places that carry that label.

The city has several developments that were built with tax credits through the
state. In order to participate in that program, they must offer at least some
units geared for families with low to moderate incomes.

Opinions vary among apartment managers over whether the city has enough units to
handle the demand. But the higher-end units appear to be the ones in the
greatest demand among the population to which they cater.

Amanda Slater, leasing consultant at The Bridges on Kinsey apartments, said last
week that development was almost full, with only several units left out of 232.

"The only thing we are having trouble with is everything we have left is on the
third floor," she said.

And this is probably because they are third-floor units, Ms. Slater said.

"Some people have kids, some people are older and they just don't want to have
to walk up that many floors," she said.

The Bridges on Kinsey, completed about three months ago, promotes itself as
"luxury apartments." Rent for the smallest apartment, 680 square feet, is about
99 cents per square foot. For the largest unit, 1,108 square feet, it runs about
80 cents per square foot.

Shan Torti, assistant manager at Town Parc at Tyler, said her development,
geared for low- to moderate-income families, stays around 98 percent to 99
percent occupied, but it "always has something available." "I just don't think
there's a shortage," Ms. Torti said.

She said she believes units are available elsewhere in the city, too.

Town Parc residents, excluding those who are on a program to pay 40, 50 or 60
percent of their rent, pay about 61 cents per square foot for a
1,017-square-foot unit and about 59 cents per square foot for a
1,217-square-foot unit.

Andy Davis, housing services manager for the city of Tyler, said he is not
surprised that people would have a more difficult time finding a luxury
apartment versus one that does not cost as much. The number of professionals
moving to the Tyler area, is tightening the luxury rental market.

"We have the education community, the medical community," Davis said. "All those
professors and people like that are coming in, so you will continue to have
that. -- Our median income is higher than Waco." The city of Tyler assists low-
to moderate-income people with housing costs through its Housing Choice Voucher
Program, formerly known as the "Section 8" program. The federal government
allocates monies each year for local entities to distribute under this program.

Four binders full of units eligible for the Housing Choice Voucher program sit
on a table in the Tyler Department of Neighborhood Services building, but the
program has reached its funding limit this fiscal year. Davis said Tyler is
experiencing good economic times, but many people do not have sufficient income
to afford an apartment or other rental unit.

In Tyler, many more families are on the waiting list for housing assistance than
the number of families being served through the city's program.

Eligible family incomes for the program range up to $ 17,850 for one person to
up to $ 33,650 for a family of eight.

Davis said the program's federal allocation for fiscal year 2004-2005 is $ 5.2
million, the same as last fiscal year. This amount is helping 908 families with
their apartment or house rent this year. But the city has 2,000 families that
are trying to get on the program.

Davis said the city only approves funds to help people pay their rent on units
that meet city codes, and the city inspects all units prior to fund approval. He
said many housing units exist that are program-eligible, but the funding can
only help a certain number of families.

"For people who have their vouchers, they have a variety of places to go," he
said. "But we have about 2,000 waiting to get on the program, so that tells you
that there is a need for more affordable housing. And what you consider to be
affordable housing is the price; can they afford it based on what they have for
their income." People making minimum wage find it difficult to afford housing
that are decent, safe and sanitary, he said.

The city has 16 multi-family housing developments on its list as being eligible
for residents under the Housing Choice Voucher Program. Davis said many
landlords have other types of eligible units, such as rent houses.

Three developments are in other cities -- Troup, Big Sandy and Mineola -- and
Davis said the city has also included an eligible development in Henderson.

Three of the developments are exclusively for seniors.

Information from Linda Neeley, Tyler Apartment Association executive, said the
overall occupancy of multi-family housing in the city rose from 88 percent in
the first quarter of this year to 89 percent in the second quarter. The
association surveyed 8,015 units.

"With the college students currently looking to secure apartments in our area
early in the third quarter of 2005, we anticipate the occupancy to increase to
93 percent or 94 percent," she said.

Dave Hill, director of residence life and judicial affairs at The University of
Texas at Tyler, said the university's on-campus housing developments, Patriot
Village and University Pines, are booked for the fall semester.

Hill said he has only been at UT Tyler for a year and a half, but "I have not
seen a situation where people just could not find anything in the time I've been
here." Patriot Village has 200 beds and University Pines has 384.

Karen Ogletree, second vice president of the Tyler Apartment Association, said,
from what she has seen, rental market vacancies are waiting to be filled.

"I've talked to some of our competitors -- and they've got availability right
now in one and two bedrooms, so I would not think it would be that hard right
now to find an apartment, in both high-end and lower-end," Ms. Ogletree said.



-----

To see more of the Tyler Morning Telegraph, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go
to http://www.tylerpaper.com. Copyright (c) 2005, Tyler Morning Telegraph, Texas

Distributed by Knight Ridder/Tribune Business News.

For information on republishing this content, contact us at (800) 661-2511
(U.S.), (213) 237-4914 (worldwide), fax (213) 237-6515, or e-mail
reprints@krtinfo.com.

LOAD-DATE: July 26, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

KR-ACC-NO: TY-HOUSING-20050724

JOURNAL-CODE: TY

               Copyright 2005 Knight Ridder/Tribune Business News
                     Copyright 2005 Tyler Morning Telegraph


                             240 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        The York Dispatch (Pennsylvania)

                            August 7, 2008 Thursday

County woman charged

BYLINE: EYANA ADAH MCMILLAN The York Dispatch

SECTION: LOCAL

LENGTH: 300 words


A York-area woman has been charged with stealing government funds earmarked for
a local rental assistance program.

The U.S. Attorney's Office filed theft charges Tuesday against Linda F.
Copenhaver, alleging that she stole U.S. Department of Housing and Urban
Development funds while working as a manager at the local Kingston House, said
William Behe, an assistant U.S. attorney for the Middle District of Pennsylvania
in Harrisburg.

Copenhaver's court case has yet to be scheduled, he said. Copenhaver, 54, of
Days Mill Road, could not be reached for comment.

While court documents state that Copenhaver "did intentionally and knowingly
embezzle, steal, purloin and convert to her own use less than $1,000," the U.S.
Attorney's office will allege the amount is closer to $10,000 to $12,000 when
Copenhaver appears in court, Behe said.

"It's a requirement that you list a dollar amount when you file," he said. "If
you allege over $1,000, you made it a felony. If you allege less than $1,000,
you make it a misdemeanor. At the end of the day, they'll have to pay back the
amount they took."

Listing an amount of more or less than $1,000 is a charging decision the U.S.
Attorney makes by taking into consideration whether the individual is
cooperative or has a prior criminal record.

HUD funds the Kingston House, a multi-family Section 8 Project-based development
for families with low incomes. The apartment building -- at 1243 W. King St. in
West York -- is owned and managed by local Delphia Management Corp., according
the court document.

Charges against Copenhaver stem from an investigation that began near the end of
2007, Behe said. The funds were taken between the fall of 2006 and January this
year, according to the document.

-- Reach Eyana Adah McMillan at 505-5438 or emcmillan@yorkdispatch.com

LOAD-DATE: August 7, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2008 York Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             241 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             January 2, 2017 Monday

Washington: Happy 2017! And a Look Back on Progress in 2016

LENGTH: 3908  words

DATELINE: New York



 Seattle: City of Seattle, The State of Washington has issued the following news
release:



  Source of Income Discrimination (SOID) Law



 SOID is important new comprehensive tenants' rights legislation, enacting one
of the Mayor's Housing Affordability and Livability Agenda (HALA)
recommendations.  The final bill created a new protected class for people with
alternative sources of income, created a new "first in time" requirement to make
the housing application process more objective, require that rent assistance be
accepted to cure eviction actions, and banned "preferred employer" programs, the
sweetheart deals for renters employed by certain employers.





 The Council will monitor this legislation and evaluate its impacts. The Seattle
Office for Civil Rights (SOCR)  is responsible for enforcing this legislation.
SOCR worked with stakeholders including Rental Housing Association of
Washington, Washington Multi-Family Housing Association, Urban League, Solid
Ground, Tenants Union of Washington and facilitated two community public
meetings to draft the Administrative Rules.

 HUD guidance for housing



 Resolution 31669 provides landlords with information about their obligations
under the Fair Housing Act to consider as tenants, people with arrests or
criminal records, who have been cleared of a crime or served their time. The
resolution clarifies HUD's guidance to property owners helps people seeking
housing, and protects landlords from fair housing complaints and lawsuits.
Categorical bans on all people with criminal records actually increase
recidivism and make communities less safe.



 As Efrem McGaughey, a formerly incarcerated individual and member of the
Tenants Union of Washington State, said, "By affording formerly incarcerated
people who are working to change their lives a chance to find housing without
facing prejudice, we are strengthening our community as a whole. The long-term
results will increase contributing members to our society, more filled
apartments for property owners, and more stability for people who have faced
oppression and homelessness."



 This is an important first step in establishing clear screening rules for
Seattle landlords. It's important that all housing providers understand HUD's
advice.

 MHA-R Legislation



 The Mandatory Housing Affordability/Residential (MHA/R) Program requires all
residential developers to contribute affordable housing by including it in their
development or paying into an affordable housing fund. The requirements will
apply only after Council adopts future zoning changes, scheduled for Council
consideration in 2017 and 2018.



 In the legislation, there is a requirement that a displacement risk analysis
approximate the number of existing affordable housing units demolished as a
result of future upzones. This lays the groundwork to ensure that the mandatory
affordability requirement for developers will be adjusted higher over the entire
area being up-zoned commensurate with the number of units likely to be
demolished.



 For the last 30 years, housing advocates have been trying to get the need for
housing displacement mitigation recognized. Councilmembers O'Brien and Licata
were the first to encourage the city in 2014 to study how development left
unregulated without some level of mitigation can impact vulnerable communities.



 Between 2005 and 2015 the city permitted the demolition of almost 6,000 units
of housing. We don't for sure know how many of these units were affordable
rentals and to be clear, no legislation can stop housing demolition entirely.
The May 2015 preliminary Growth and Equity report stated, "If unmitigated, new
market-rate development in high-displacement risk areas is likely to lead to
displacement of marginalized populations."

 Housing Levy



 Since 1986 affordable housing levies in Seattle have helped many households
access and maintain their affordable housing. The voters supported the
recommendationsof theHousing Affordability and Livability Agenda (HALA)
Committee, the Mayor, and the Council in voting to pass the renewal of the
housing levy, in the amount of $290 million over the next 7 years. The levy
directs spending for: Rental Production and Preservation of 2,150 affordable
apartments; Operating and maintenance of 350 affordable apartments; Homelessness
prevention for 4,500 families; and Homeownership funds to assist 380 low-income
homeowners.



 Affordability is a major issue for many District 1 residents as well as
residents throughout the City. The average price for a 1 bedroom ranges between
$1500 and $1700 per month making it difficult for a household earning less
$53,000 per year to find an affordable dwelling unit. I believe a truly
comprehensive affordable housing strategy must include new programs to preserve
existing affordable housing.



 The Council voted to pass my amendments to the Housing Levy ordinance
including:



     Supporting a new housing preservation program aimed at acquiring
multi-family rental buildings at risk of sale and redevelopment to preserve
these buildings for long-term affordable rental housing or converted to
permanently affordable homeownership units,

     Increasing support for land trust models to increase affordability in
condominiums, and single family dwellings, as well as tenant ownership models
for rental property,

     Increasing housing options for LGBTQ seniors. Across every Census division
in the U.S. Seattle has the least developed services for LGBTQ older adults and
their families. Unlike most large cities, we are also running behind on
developing housing for LGBTQ seniors.





 Budget Issues

 2017-2018 City Budget



 In November the City Council adopted the 2017 City of Seattle budget and
2017-2022 Capital Improvement Plan, and "endorsed" a 2018 budget that will serve
as the base for next year's budget process. Below are a few of the items I
worked on.



 The Council adopted my District 1 budget proposals as follows:



         West Seattle Bridge studies - This will continue work begun by former
Councilmember Tom Rasmussen, adding $100,000 to carry out the evaluations called
for in the West Seattle Bridge/Duwamish Corridor Whitepaper to improve safety,
incident management, and traffic flow on the West Seattle Bridge.

         South Park Family Service Center - This funding will support health and
human services, a leadership program, and an education program in South Park.

         T-5 Quiet Zone - A statement of Legislative Intent for SDOT supporting
work with the Port of Seattle, the Federal Railway Administration, and the
railway companies doing business at Terminal 5, to extend the quiet zone from
Terminal 5 to the Delridge Way/W Marginal Way intersection.

         A task force on South Park Public Safety - Supporting recommendations
regarding the public safety and vitality of that neighborhood; I co-sponsored
this with Councilmember González, who chairs the committee for public safety
issues.

         Fauntleroy Boulevard Project (described in its own section of this
newsletter)



 $29 million Housing Bond



 The Budget Committee approved my proposal to create a $29 million housing bond
intended to expand financing for affordable housing in Seattle for 2017.  With a
vote in favor of this proposal, the Council signaled our desire to prioritize
housing in the budget process, and without pitting Seattle's housing needs
against other citywide priorities. We are in a homelessness state of emergency.
We need to build today to meet the need.  Building today is less expensive than
building at future costs, and these funds will continue to benefit the community
for the entire period of the bond payment under their 50+ year requirement to be
maintained as affordable.



 I also sponsored the creation of a Child Care Mitigation Fund, to address the
displacement of before-and-after school child care from Seattle School District
buildings. The funding would be available for use by the District and child care
providers to make arrangements to keep child care on-site at schools or assist
in relocating where providers would otherwise be displaced.



 Another item I sponsored is an Economic Development Issue - Seattle Legacy
Business study funding, for a study to determine the scope and definition of a
Seattle Legacy Business program to preserve businesses that contribute to the
City's unique culture and character and are at risk of being lost.



 Additional budget information is in the Police and Pronto sections.



 A summary of my other budget actions is linked here; here's a link to the
summary of all the changes the Council made; the lead sponsor is listed at the
end, though many of the proposals had additional co-sponsors. There are many
others for which I was listed as a supporting sponsor.





 Business Issues

 Seattle Legacy Business Project



 Seattle is known for its unique neighborhoods, each home to a thriving
landscape of locally-owned businesses that occupy an essential role in the
stories and rituals that define the city. In my first week as a Councilmember, a
District 1 resident brought me the idea of a Seattle Legacy Business Program,
modeled after a successful San Francisco effort.  Since I chair the committee
with oversight of economic development issues, I was inspired by the effort.



 I worked with the Washington Trust for Historic Preservation, Historic Seattle,
and 4 Culture to survey community members to identify our most important
business establishments; identify elements that contribute to the culture,
character, and history of Seattle; and establish tools to protect them. The
Mayor's Commercial Affordability Committeerecommendations supported the
conclusion that more work was necessary to determine how a Seattle legacy
business might function. During the 2017-18 City budget process, I secured
funding to determine the scope and definition of a new Seattle Legacy Business
Project.





 Accountability Issues

 East Admiral Tree Cutting



 In March we found out over 150 trees had been illegally removed from Parks and
SDOT property in the East Admiral neighborhood, west of SW Admiral Way up the
hill from the West Seattle Bridge, on a steep slope in a potential landslide
zone. This is a public safety threat: SW Admiral Way is a major arterial with
25,000 trips per day.  The City Attorney's Office and the Seattle Police
Department began an investigation. I noted that the sanctions must be
significant enough to deter this kind of activity in the future. Penalties need
to be strong enough so that those with financial means don't see illegal tree
cutting as a cost-effective way to increase their views and property values.



 Trees play a significant role in maintaining soil stability in an
environmentally critical area by absorbing water, thus lessening the risk of
landslides onto a major arterial. Further, trees maintain air quality by
absorbing carbon --an important issue in West Seattle and South Park, which sit
adjacent to SODO and the Duwamish industrial area.



 In September the City Attorney filed two civil lawsuits for $1.6 million in
total damages and fines over the unauthorized cutting of 150 trees on public
land in West Seattle. I thanked the City Attorney's Office for filing two civil
lawsuits, and their considerations of the use of a full range of the legal
remedies available for civil suits, including timber trespass, which allows for
triple damages.



 The legal case is ongoing, as is the Seattle Police Department's criminal
investigation.

 New Customer Information System (NCIS)



 The New Customer Information System (NCIS) is a joint Seattle City Light (SCL)
and Seattle Public Utilities (SPU) project which replaced the existing SCL and
SPU billing system. The old system supported billing and customer processes for
both utilities, but failed to meet current business practices.



 In March we learned that the NCIS project was over-budget and off-schedule.
The Council learned that the project budget had increased to $108 million and,
whereas the original delivery date was October 2015, the project wasn't
estimated to go-live until the fall of 2016.



 Over Labor Day weekend SPU and SCL worked overtime to roll out the new billing
system. You may have seen some of the reports regarding privacy issues that were
revealed as part of that roll out. However, those were quickly handled by SPU
and SCL who took the system offline to ensure customer privacy was maintained.
The early wrinkles seem to have been ironed out and the system is working as
intended now.





 Community Safety Issues

 Bias Crimes/Hate Crimes Audit



 On June 1st Seattle proclaimed June LGBTQ Pride Month. The Council and Mayor
recognized that the fight for equality is not over and we must continue to lead
the nation in establishing policies to prevent discrimination.



 In June, LGBTQ Pride Month in Seattle, the horrible Orlando tragedy took place,
as well as a brutal attack on a local LGBTQ leader. The Seattle Times noted, "in
2015, 72 hate crimes and incidents against LGBTQ people were reported to the
Seattle Police Department (SPD) -- double the number from the previous year.
The number of such crimes against blacks -- 67 -- more than doubled. There were
a total of 208 hate crimes and incidents reported in 2015, up from 126 in 2014."




 Some question whether patterns of gentrification are related to this increase
in hate crimes, given the decline in the LGBT population in Capitol Hill, and
the reduction in the number of African-Americans in the Central District.



 I have worked with the City Auditor to investigate the reporting of hate and
bias crimes in Seattle, to determine whether we analyze bias crimes reporting
data for trends that eventually influence resource allocation, and whether
crimes are investigated and prosecuted as bias crimes. The City Auditor will be
carrying out this work in 2017. Given the current national political
environment, where we have seen a surge of hate crimes in the wake of the 2016
elections, this work is even more important.



 In December I sponsored a resolution noting, "The City Council and Mayor
resolve to implement measures to make it easier for people to report incidents
of bias-motivated threats, harassment, and violence, such as dedicated hotlines,
greater publicity for the Seattle Police Department's Malicious Harassment/Bias
Crimes website, and support to community-based organizations that support the
safety of marginalized communities."

 Beach Drive Speed Bumps



 I worked to assist residents on Beach Drive SW to address the high incidence of
drag racing (see video) and driving that is dangerous to public safety. The
racing had been happening in the portion of Beach Drive SW that extends south
from the lighthouse. The neighbors had requested the installation of speed bumps
in 2015. Earlier this year community members began the process of applying for
funds through the Neighborhood Parks and Street Fund. I requested that SDOT
consider traffic calming measures to address the drag racing.



 SDOT agreed to install three speed bumps, and they were installed in September.


 Police Officer Hiring, 911 response times, CSOs



 During 2016, the Council voted to add 114 new police officer positions. As
representative of District 1 since the start of 2016, I have heard consistent,
strong support for hiring additional police officers from both businesses and
residents.



 I support hiring additional officers: we need additional officers to address
911 response times, to enhance patrol operations, and for proactive policing,
all of which are important to a comprehensive public safety approach.



 During the City's 2017-2018 budget, I voted to approve the addition of 72 new
officer positions. Earlier this year, in August, I voted to add 42 officers, and
fund them through additional use of the City's General Fund. The first 100 new
officer positions were funded without any new tax resources.



 In addition, I co-sponsored the re-establishment of a Community Service Officer
program with SPD. Community Service officers (CSOs) are unsworn officers who are
able to prioritize community services associated with law enforcement, such as
crime prevention; CSOs can also help free up SPD officers for 911 response.



 I requested data from SPD regarding 911 beat response times in District 1 from
2011-2015; they are listed here. I noted "It's very concerning to me that the
911 response time to Alki is 12 and a half minutes, a clear outlier from our
standards in other SPD beats."



 The 2017-8 budget also increases the number of staff to take 911 calls, which
have increased by 13% since 2010, and over 40% for Priority 1 life/safety 911
calls. This will help prevent wait times for people who call 911.



 Early in 2017 the City Council will be considering comprehensive police
accountability legislation as part of the 2012 Consent Decree with the US
Department of Justice to reform policing in Seattle. A federal judge is
overseeing this reform process.





 Transportation Issues

 Pronto



 In 2015, before I took office, a previous Council set aside $5 million to
expand the Pronto bike sharing system, but required that SDOT provide an
implementation plan and financial analysis and bring both back to the Council.



 Early in 2016 the Council received a proposal to: purchase the Pronto
bike-share program for $1.4 million, pay off Pronto's $1.275 million loan from
KeyBank, and plan to expand bike sharing in 2017, which could result in an
expansion of Pronto, or an entirely different bike share system.



 I didn't support this purchase, and voted "no." I favored allowing for a
private-sector funded system along the lines of the Car2Go car-sharing business.
Car2Go provides a service many use (myself included), at no public cost.



 The legislation passed 7-2. I proposed amendments to redirect the $5 million
toward fulfilling the existing Bicycle and Pedestrian Master Plans, and allow
for a private bike share system, without public costs, as in New York. The
amendment failed.



 The City purchased Pronto, but ridership is low. The Mayor's proposed 2017-2018
budget included funding to continue operating the Pronto system. I proposed a
passing amendment to remove that funding.



 The City received no bids to expand the Pronto system, not even from the
company that operated it. The bids for a new system are for electric-assist
bikes. A proposal from SDOT is expected in early 2017.  While a new system may
not include an operating subsidy, I remain concerned about the cost of replacing
equipment with a rapidly evolving technology.

 Fauntleroy Boulevard Project



 Shortly after taking office this year, community advocates expressed interest
in making changes to the Fauntleroy Boulevard Project, to support it as a visual
gateway to West Seattle. In response, I organized meetings between community
advocates and SDOT and City Light.



 At our request, City Light and SDOT provided cost estimates for undergrounding
utility wires, which showed a funding gap of $4-5 million; a subsequent meeting
revealed additional potential costs for a total gap of at least $5-7 million.



 Community advocates proposed a compromise solution involving design
modifications for beautification, consolidation and standardization of utility
poles, to provide a better overall appearance, in keeping with the aim to create
a gateway entrance. The departments agreed.



 Upon my request to Mayor Murray, during the budget process City Light revised
the project to specifically include $1.5 million for the street light
improvements and utility pole relocations that were recommended by community
members.



 Improvements to Fauntleroy have long been a priority for the community, and
were first prioritized in the 1999 West Seattle Junction Hub Neighborhood Plan,
and later in the West Seattle Triangle planning process.



 SDOT is now working on final design, with construction targeted for late 2017.
You can sign up for the project email list for updates here, and contact the
SDOT project team at fauntleroyblvd@seattle.gov





 Land Use Issues

 SODO Arena Street Vacation



 Earlier this year the Council considered a  "street vacation" to remove a city
street for a potential arena in the SODO neighborhood. Under city policy, street
vacations are judged by whether they 1) protect the functions of the street
right-of way; 2) have any adverse land use impacts, and 3) whether there will be
public benefits sufficient to offset the loss of the street.



 I heard some support from constituents in District 1, but heard widespread
concern from a significantly greater number of West Seattle and South Park
residents about access to Downtown. Many in West Seattle feel they already
shoulder the greatest share of our City's burden for professional sports
facilities. District 1 is separated from Downtown by SODO, and the stadiums; as
the West Seattle Transportation Coalition noted, there's been a 45% reduction in
north/south vehicle lanes over the last 7 years through SODO.



 In the end, it seemed the one possible public benefit to meet the requirements
of city policy for street vacations was an NBA team. I offered an amendment to
require the ArenaCo group obtain ownership rights to an NBA team before the
street vacation was granted; it didn't pass.



 My "no" vote was also decided in favor of protecting industrial and maritime
jobs that we have now so that we can maintain the diversified economy that has
kept our region strong in good economic times as well as the downturns.
Further, the legitimate traffic concerns of commuters and small business owners
in West Seattle and South Park played prominently in my decision.



 A recent Puget Sound Business Journal article revealed that the operator of
Terminal 46 signed a 2012 lease extension only on the condition that they could
walk away if business was disrupted by a SODO arena--so the potential loss of
jobs appears real.



 Since the vote, Mayor Murray has indicated he will issue a request for
proposals to re-develop KeyArena at Seattle Center. SODO arena proponents have
announced they will re-submit an application for a street vacation.





 Equity Issues

 Secure Scheduling



 There are many workers who aren't on a set schedule - they work in retail,
restaurants, and service industry jobs. They often don't get their schedule
until a day or two before they start work for that week - other times they're
on-call and cannot predict when they will be required by their employer to pick
up a shift. In a city where affordability is such a challenge that many people
need to work two jobs, others juggle childcare responsibilities, or are
attending school in order to get a better job, not having advance notice of a
schedule can mean forgoing other income earning opportunities.



 This isn't just a workers' rights issue, it's a gender and racial equity issue.
Check out the op-ed that Councilmembers Gonzalez, Juarez, and I wrote in
February.



 In March we began a process with the Mayor's Office of convening stakeholders,
they regularly met to discuss individual aspects of the legislation and reported
out to my Committee after each of their meetings. In total we had 10 committee
meetings and discussed: employer coverage, advance notice of schedules,
predictability pay, right to request, right to rest, and access to hours.



 On September 19 the Secure Scheduling bill unanimously passed the Full Council
and will go into effect on July 1, 2017.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:  editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: January 3, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2017 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             242 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                             National Mortgage News

                                January 23, 1989

NJ Issues $ 6.2MM Multifamily Bonds

SECTION: Pg. 43

LENGTH: 259 words

DATELINE: NEW YORK


The New Jersey Housing and Mortgage Finance Agency has sold $ 6.2 million of
multi-family revenue bonds, the first sale since the passage of the Tax Reform
Act of 1986.

The proceeds from the bond sale will be used to finance the development of 162
rental units in the Township of Mount Holly, New Jersey. One hundred of the
units will be targeted at low- and moderate-income families.

More than 1,200 single family mortgage loans will be provided from the sale of $
84 million in bonds sold by the Virginia Housing Development Authority.

The Rhode Island Housing and Mortgage Finance Corp. has approved funding for six
three-bedroom homes and 19 new rental apartments.

The 19 rental apartments will be financed by $ 1.26 million in bond proceeds,
zero-interest loans, and low-income housing tax credits.

The St. Matthew's Rectory will be renovated with the funds by a partnership of
two local community groups, the Cranston Community Action Program Committee,
Inc. and the Community Development Training Institute.

Six modular homes will be constructed by the Omni Development Corp. ODC received
a $ 510,000 low interest construction loan from the RIHMFC to fund construction.
The homes will be sold for approximately $ 85,000.

The Maine State Housing Authority has sold $ 15 million in tax-exempt revenue
bonds to fund home improvement programs in the state.

The program is more than twice the size of any previous home improvement program
and is expected to help approximately 2,000 families with basic improvements to
their homes.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1989 National Thrift News, Inc.


                             243 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          Ashland Daily Tidings, Ore.

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             October 8, 2012 Monday

Left out in the cold?

BYLINE: Vickie Aldous, Ashland Daily Tidings, Ore.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 680 words


Oct. 08--Ashland has a surplus of houses that are unaffordable to most
residents, and not enough moderately priced houses and rental apartments to meet
people's needs, according to a city of Ashland draft Housing Needs Analysis.

The analysis found that only 22 percent of homes for sale in Ashland cost less
than $279,300.

A household would have to earn $75,000 to buy a house priced at $285,000 -- the
average price for homes that sold in Ashland in 2011, the analysis said.

But a majority of Ashland households -- 76.2 percent -- earn less than $75,000
per year.

The median household income in Ashland is $40,140, lower than the rest of
Jackson County, Oregon and the nation, according to the analysis.

Ashland has a relatively high number of university students and retired seniors,
partially accounting for the town's low median household income.

There are an estimated 4,004 ownership homes in Ashland valued at $279,300 or
more, but only 1,750 homes at those prices are needed, according to the
analysis.

Meanwhile, there are 1,086 ownership homes valued at less than $279,300, but
3,803 of those less expensive homes are needed, the analysis said.

Renters also are struggling to find affordable places to live.

Data in the analysis showed that 63 percent of Ashland renters are paying more
than 30 percent of their income for housing.

That's up from 2000, when 53 percent of Ashland renters were burdened by housing
costs.

Households are considered financially burdened by housing costs when those costs
exceed 30 percent of their income, according to U.S. Department of Housing and
Urban Development standards.

Ashland has a relatively small inventory of land zoned for multi-family housing,
which includes apartments, condominiums and townhouses.

Rather than build for-rent apartments, developers have tended to build and sell
townhouses and convert rental apartments into for-sale condominiums, the
analysis said.

The analysis found that workers employed in the fastest growing employment
sectors in Ashland -- services and retail -- don't make enough money to afford
rent.

High housing costs are pushing workers to live outside Ashland and commute to
town, increasing traffic and parking problems. High costs also may be
contributing to falling school enrollment, the analysis found.

From 2000 to 2010, the percentage of people ages 54 and younger fell, while the
number of older people rose, according to U.S. Census data used for the
analysis.

City of Ashland staff members have suggested a number of strategies to help
alleviate the affordable housing crunch.

"These suggestions are really a jumping off point to have conversations about
what we could do," said city of Ashland Housing Program Specialist Linda Reid.
"These are ideas based on what other communities have done."

One possibility is to designate more land for multi-family housing and to
require that apartments be built in some areas, disallowing townhouses and
condominiums.

The city could encourage more development that mixes business and residential
uses, and also foster the redevelopment of buildings to provide housing,
especially near employment centers and Southern Oregon University.

To encourage the construction of more affordable houses, the city could reduce
minimum lot sizes to promote small houses.

Other ideas include loosening restrictions on manufactured housing and allowing
accessory residential units -- sometimes known as mother-in-law units -- to be
built in neighborhoods reserved for single-family houses.

The accessory units are allowed in multi-family housing zones.

The Ashland Planning Commission will review the Housing Needs Analysis during a
meeting that starts at 7 p.m. on Tuesday in the Ashland Civic Center Council
Chambers, 1175 E. Main St. Commissioners will decide whether to recommend
adoption of the document to the Ashland City Council.

Staff reporter Vickie Aldous can be reached at 541-479-8199 or
vlaldous@yahoo.com

___ (c)2012 The Ashland Daily Tidings (Ashland, Ore.) Visit The Ashland Daily
Tidings (Ashland, Ore.) at www.dailytidings.com Distributed by MCT Information
Services

LOAD-DATE: October 10, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20121008-1AS-Left-out-in-the-cold-1008-20121008

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1AS


                      Copyright 2012 Ashland Daily Tidings


                             244 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     Marin Independent Journal (California)

                             August 9, 2015 Sunday

Don't let tax change hinder housing goals

SECTION: A,A; Pg. 9

LENGTH: 405 words


Marinwood voters will be asked in November to change the local parks tax, from
charging per parcel to per unit.

The change offers a clearer nexus to its purpose, making the district's parks,
recreational facilities and open space available to people who live and work in
the Marinwood Community Services District.Most of the district's taxable parcels
are single-family residences, but there are a handful multi-family complexes and
commercial properties.

Supporters of the change say the move would apply the charge to households
rather than properties, an approach that is probably fairer and accurate. The
measure, placed on the ballot by the district board, would extend the
$190-per-year charge and increase it yearly based on the Consumer Price Index.
There are also three possible development sites either within the district or
that could possibly be annexed - redevelopment of the Marinwood Plaza shopping
center, the St. Vincent's and Silveira ranches and filmmaker George Lucas' Grady
Ranch.

Lucas has outlined plans to build 224 units of affordable housing on the old
dairy ranch. A multi-family mix of affordable and market-rate housing has been
envisioned for the mostly vacant shopping center and the county has designed the
St. Vincent's and Silveira ranches as possible sites for housing.

Those developments would be charged per-unit rather than a lesser charge for the
entire apartment complex. While applying the tax to units so that market-rate
housing has to pay it makes sense, adding it to the ongoing cost for the
nonprofit landlords and residents of low-cost housing undermines the goal of
providing affordable housing.

Making housing less affordable by applying new taxes is counter-productive. The
community's desire to keep the district's tennis courts, pools and parks in good
repair needs to be balanced with much-needed housing for seniors and local
jobholders.

Nonprofit builders, such as religious or charitable organizations, are exempt
from paying property taxes. That exemption is important to their financing
needed to build affordable housing, especially on high-priced Marin real estate.
The proposed tax change could make a difference. Some local taxing agencies have
waived or reduced some taxes and fees to help promote affordable housing.

The Marinwood Community Services District should consider doing the same, rather
than eroding the affordability of nonprofit senior and workforce housing.

LOAD-DATE: August 10, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


    Copyright 2015 Marin Independent Journal, a MediaNews Group publication
                              All Rights Reserved


                             245 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                         Portland Press Herald (Maine)

                           April 10, 1999, Saturday,

TOWN'S AFFORDABLE HOUSING TO DOUBLE;
 THE $ 1.5 MILLION BRIDGTON PROJECT IS AWAITING STATE FUNDING APPROVAL.

BYLINE: WILL BARTLETT News Assistant

SECTION: LOCAL & STATE, Pg. B4

LENGTH: 390 words

DATELINE: BRIDGTON


A 20-unit housing project scheduled to be built this summer would nearly double
Bridgton's supply of affordable housing for families.

Still, the $ 1.5 million project wouldn't come close to meeting the need in
Bridgton and the surrounding small towns in northern Cumberland and southern
Oxford counties.

Two-thirds of the funding for the one-, two- and three-bedroom units would come
from a $ 1 million federal loan awarded this week to the project's developer,
York-Cumberland Housing Development Corp. of Gorham.

The private nonprofit agency, which builds and manages affordable housing, has
applied to the Maine State Housing Authority for the rest of the money. It
expects an answer within two weeks, said Genie Nakell, development officer for
York-Cumberland Housing.

She said construction is expected to begin this summer on the 10 duplex
buildings as well as a community building on 70 acres at Swamp Road and South
High Street.

A market study commissioned by York-Cumberland Housing indicates there are 122
families in Bridgton and surrounding towns that would qualify and would like to
move to subsidized housing. In Bridgton alone, there are 83 families, said
Nakell.

In Bridgton there are now just 24 subsidized apartments for families and 36
subsidized apartments for the elderly.

Nakell said her agency considered adding to an existing family-housing
development on Wayside Road, but there was no space.

She said the new project will be brought to the Bridgton Planning Board within
60 days. It would take up about 35 acres of the 70-acre site. The rest of the
land is too wet for multi-family development, but it has potential for
affordable single-family housing.

Maine was lucky to get funding for two affordable-housing projects this year,
said Mike Grondin, a multi-family housing specialist for Rural Development in
Bangor. A 12-unit project for the elderly in Millinocket also won funding.

During the 1980s, the Farmers Home Administration funded about $ 20 million
worth of rural rental housing each year in Maine. But federal funding for rural
rental housing has been cut so drastically that states no longer get an annual
allocation.

Instead, Grondin said, project applications are sent to Washington, D.C. "Then
we keep our fingers crossed and hope to get some funding in our state."

LOAD-DATE: April 13, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                 Copyright 1999 Blethen Maine Newspapers, Inc.


                             246 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                The Denver Post

                        July 7, 2002 Sunday 1ST EDITION

Mortgage-assistance programs are allowing many families who thought they
couldn't afford their own homes to be...  Living a Dream Congress finding ways
to help

BYLINE: By David A. Martinez,

SECTION: PERSPECTIVE; Pg. E-01

LENGTH: 1627 words


Just a few years ago, Jesus and Leona Mojica were living with  their three sons
in Leona's father's tiny two-bedroom home,  resigned to the fact that owning
their own home was beyond their  means.

But then persistence and fate led them to a Pueblo mortgage  lender who
specialized in loans to first-time homebuyers. Today,  the Mojicas are
comfortable in the three-bedroom home they  purchased through mortgage-revenue
bond (MRB) financing of the  Colorado Housing and Finance Authority.

Shane Jackson grew up in East Denver. After he married Janet  Damon and became
the father of Christina, now 9, the Denver Public  Schools computer technician
wanted to return to his 'old stompin'  grounds' to settle down. With patience,
perseverance and the help  of homebuyer counseling provided by NEWSED (the New
West Side  Community Development Corporation, a housing assistance and
community development association), they were able to obtain MRB  financing.
Today, the onetime renters are situated in their own  Park Hill home with a yard
big enough for their new puppy, Pele,  to run around in.

There was a time that LaDonna Lee of Grand Junction, a disabled  single mother
of 4-year-old Cindy, considered homeownership an  illusion. But Lee was
determined, and eager to explore all  opportunities. Today, LaDonna's blue eyes
sparkle when she proudly  shows off her new home, purchased with MRB financing
through a  pilot program that allows the conversion of federal Section 8  funds
for rental assistance into monthly mortgage payments.

Strong character and good fortune are often critical  underpinnings to success.
Members of each of these three families  readily affirm the value that these
traits brought to their own  personal experiences in achieving the same dream.
But there are  many other Colorado families of similar character and
circumstance  - modest income, hard-working, desiring and deserving of
homeownership - whose desire has been confronted with reality in  their quest
for affordable housing.

While housing is the third pillar in the foundation of life -  along with food
and clothing - current economic and market forces  play a major role in a
family's access to a home that fits their  needs and is also within their means.
According to a recent report  released to Congress by the Millennial Housing
Commission, more  than 28 million Americans now spend more than 30 percent of
their  income on housing. Working a full-time job no longer guarantees  decent
housing, and the homeownership rate for black and Hispanic  Americans remains 27
percent below the national average of 67.8 percent.

Funding availability in Colorado for affordable housing  remains insufficient to
meet current demand. One recent analysis  found 66,479 households that are
rent-burdened and in need of  affordable housing in the state, with 38,686 of
them in need of  homebuyer assistance. Those figures are based on 32 percent
population growth in the last decade, including the addition of  more than
700,000 new jobs - the majority of which, however, are  in the two lowest-paying
sectors, the retail trade and service  industry.

In the last decade, Colorado housing prices increased  three times as much as
median incomes. This affects families'  lifestyles and their ability to provide
for health care, day care  and other household needs. It also affects
transportation concerns  as people drive farther and farther to work each day.

Yet it is clear that housing is important to this state's  economic health as
well as the overall health of society as a  whole. It is the bedrock of stable,
vibrant communities and a core  value in our quality of life. The residential
housing stock  represents 35 percent of the nation's tangible assets.

And, just as important, the housing sector - including  residential investment,
housing consumption and related spending -  consistently generates more than 20
percent of the nation's gross  domestic product.

Fortunately, Congress has recognized that there are  insufficient resources
available to low- and moderate-income  families to help them deal with the high
cost of housing.

The Housing Bond and Credit Modernization and Fairness Act of  2001 proposes
technical changes to the federal tax code which, if  made, will allow many
working households to access more affordable  capital for housing. This
legislation likely will never make  front-page news, because it is not
particularly sexy. It simply  involves fixing some legal language in the tax
code. However, the  ramifications for working people in need of housing that
they can  afford are tremendous.

The legislation would do three things:

It would eliminate the '10-year rule' in the current tax  code, which requires
that entities making loans using federally  authorized tax-exempt MRB financing
must, after a bond has been  outstanding for 10 years, use any prepayments
received from the  borrowers to pay off the bonds rather than to recycle these
funds  into more mortgage loans to qualifying borrowers.

CHFA is one of several entities in Colorado that use this  bond financing to
make loans to lower-income, first-time  homebuyers. It is estimated that the
state could lose more than  $ 195 million in recycled CHFA loans alone over the
next 15 years  if this rule is not eliminated. This loss equates to nearly 2,000

  households that may never be able to get a loan for their first home.

The legislation would simplify the process for MRB issuers  to determine
purchase-price limits for their programs that serve  first-time homebuyers.
Simplification of this process would allow  housing prices to stay current with
the market, through the use of  a formula that limits the home's purchase price
to 31/2 times that  of the borrower's qualifying income.

Congress has not forgotten that home ownership is not a viable  option for
everyone. Many families or individuals live in rental  housing. There are
waiting lists for the limited number of  low-cost apartment units around the
state. The Low Income Housing  Tax Credit program provides incentives for
private investment in  affordable rental-housing developments. This Housing
Credit  program is responsible for most of the new affordable rental  housing
built around the nation, including more than 22,500 units  in Colorado since
1987.

But affordable multi-family housing is often more difficult  to build in rural
areas because the formula used to determine  rents generally results in income
streams that are too low to  support a development's costs. So

The third part of this legislation would update the way  rural communities
determine what rents they can charge for  developments that are built using
equity from the Housing Credit.  Allowing communities some flexibility in
determining the criteria  to formulate affordable rents would result in more
low-cost rental  developments being built in rural parts of our state and around

  the nation.

This legislation would, should it pass, have an immediate,  positive impact on
the availability of affordable housing. The  support that these bills have
received in Congress illustrates  this fact. To date, 71 members out of 100 in
the Senate have  signed on as co-sponsors, including 13 of 21 Senate Finance
Committee members. On the House side, 331 representatives have  signed on as
co-sponsors. This means that a full 75 percent of the  members of Congress
support the bills. Members of Colorado's  congressional delegation have also
stepped up with their support.  When Sen. Ben Nighthorse Campbell recently
announced his  co-sponsorship, the Colorado delegation's support was unanimous.
     Sen. Wayne Allard signed on as a co-sponsor of the Senate bill  even before
its formal introduction. Rep. Scott McInnis, who  serves on the Ways and Means
Committee (where all federal tax  legislation must begin), was also a very early
co-sponsor. Reps.  Mark Udall, Diana DeGette, Tom Tancredo, Bob Schaffer and
Joel  Hefley have all signed on as co-sponsors. They recognize the need  for
more affordable housing and understand that public and private  partnerships are
the most efficient and effective ways to address the need.

On the domestic agenda, there aren't many issues that both  Republicans and
Democrats can get behind, especially during an  election year. But the critical
need for affordable housing is one  of them, particularly as growth continues to
surge in our state  and resources remain tight.

Today, as Jesus Mojica, Shane Jackson, LaDonna Lee and their  families take part
in the American dream, there are many others  who have yet to be presented with
the opportunity to own their own  homes.   In the days, months and years ahead,
those committed to  ensuring the safety and availability of affordable housing
for all  Coloradans will continue to look for ways to address this issue
through creative partnerships and leveraging of scarce funds.  Passage of this
federal legislation will prevent the loss of  billions of dollars in low-cost
mortgage money for low-income  families and tens of thousands of affordable
ownership and rental  opportunities.

For more information on the CHFA, call 303-297-CHFA or go to  www.colohfa.org.

David A. Martinez is director of corporate communications for  the Colorado
Housing and Finance Authority, a public enterprise  working to finance
affordable housing, business and economic  growth opportunities for the
residents and businesses of Colorado.


LOAD-DATE: July 08, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTOS: Special to The Denver Post/Courtesy CHFA GRAPHICS: The Denver
Post/Jonathan Moreno Purchase-price limits fall short of market realities
10-Year Rule impact on CHFA's potential to finance home ownership

TYPE: OP-ED

                        Copyright 2002 The Denver Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                             247 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                             India Investment News

                      October 20, 2014 Monday 6:30 AM EST

RBC Global Asset Management Announces $50 Million Impact Investing Initiative
with Community Reinvestment Fund USA

LENGTH: 462  words


Oct. 20 -- Royal Bank of Canada (RBC) issued the following news release:

RBC Global Asset Management (RBC GAM) today announced an agreement with
Community Reinvestment Fund, USA (CRF) to purchase and service up to $50 million
in loans to support affordable rental housing as part of the RBC Access Capital
Community Investment Strategy.

The funds will support investment in affordable housing by purchasing
multi-family rental loans originated by the Federal Housing Administration (FHA)
and Housing Finance Agencies (HFA) under the FHA-HFAs Risk-Share loan program
(Section 542c). This program provides state HFAs with a sustainable low-cost
source of financing to support the development of affordable multifamily
properties.

"We are pleased to enter into this agreement with CRF to provide greater access
to affordable housing in communities across the country and offer investors
additional impact investing options," said Ron Homer, co-founder of the Access
Capital Community Investment Strategy and Managing Director for RBC GAM. "This
investment has the potential to help reduce the cost of financing rental housing
developments and expand the scope of HFA Risk-Sharing loans to low- and
moderate-income families."

The investments are intended to supplement the recently proposed U.S. Treasury
program to purchase Risk-Share loans and may help address funding gaps created
by the fact that these types of loans are not eligible for Ginnie Mae
securitization.

Investors will be able to participate in this initiative through the RBC Access
Capital Community Investment Strategy, with the CRF providing qualifying and
servicing support to RBC GAM and the HFA seller servicers.

"CRF is pleased to add RBC GAM to our family of investors," said Frank Altman,
president and CEO of CRF. "The alliance with RBC GAM will allow us to deepen and
expand our relationships with Risk Share Lenders, which we believe will
positively affect the housing stock for working class and low-income families."

RBC GAM's impact investing solution, the Access Capital Community Investment
Strategy, is a disciplined fixed income strategy supporting underserved
communities targeted by its investors. The strategy has a 15-year track record
with over $880 million in assets under management as of September 30, 2014.

"Impact investing has been gaining greater attention from investors who are
looking for high-quality investment solutions with an impact element," added
Catherine Banat, institutional portfolio manager, RBC GAM. "Through the Access
Capital Community Investment Strategy, we work with clients to design a
portfolio that supports impact-related investments while also earning a
competitive financial return, as part of our double-bottom-line benefit."

Source: Royal Bank of Canada (RBC)

LOAD-DATE: October 21, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


                           Copyright 2014 Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                             248 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               India Energy News

                       June 27, 2013 Thursday 6:30 AM EST

LRC's ASSIST Publication Guides Managers of Multi-family Housing in Selecting
LED Lighting

LENGTH: 673  words


New Delhi, June 27 -- The Alliance for Solid-State Illumination Systems and
Technologies (ASSIST), a program of the Lighting Research Center (LRC) at
Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute, recently released a new publication to aid
owners and facility managers of multi-family affordable and rental housing in
selecting LED lighting products. The publication, The Lighting Field Guide:
Upgrading to LEDs for Multi-family Housing, provides a clear, concise guide to
selecting LED replacement lighting products for common interior and exterior
lighting applications found in multi-family housing. The project was co-funded
by the New York State Energy Research and Development Authority (NYSERDA) and
ASSIST.



"Energy-efficient lighting can reduce electricity and maintenance costs
significantly in multi-family housing, because it decreases energy consumption
and lasts longer than traditional lighting," said Francis J. Murray Jr.,
President and CEO of NYSERDA. "As part of New York State's aggressive
energy-efficiency policies under Governor Cuomo, NYSERDA is proud to support
this project as part of our continuing partnership with the world-renowned LRC."


Energy efficiency has become an important goal for many multi-family, affordable
housing sites. The U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development spends $5
billion per year on utility costs for public and other affordable housing.
Nadarajah Narendran, Ph.D., LRC director of research and organizer of the ASSIST
program, said that LED lighting offers the opportunity to control energy use and
associated costs, which would provide significant benefit to this segment of the
housing market. "However, clear, straightforward information written primarily
for building owners and managers has been missing to date," he said.

The publication discusses the most important issues relevant to selecting LED
lighting for multi-family housing, including:

* Important metrics and application issues.

* Product labeling.

* Best practices for replacing existing incandescent or fluorescent lighting
with new LED lamps or fixtures.

* Savings and payback calculation methods.

* Potential rebates and incentives to buy down the initial cost, making LED
lighting more affordable.

The Lighting Field Guide: Upgrading to LEDs for Multi-family Housing is
available for free download from the ASSIST website at
http://www.lrc.rpi.edu/programs/solidstate/assist/multifamily.asp.

About ASSIST

The Alliance for Solid-State Illumination Systems and Technologies (ASSIST) was
established in 2002 by the Lighting Research Center as a collaboration between
researchers, manufacturers, and government organizations. ASSIST's mission is to
conduct collaborative research to enable the broad adoption of solid-state
lighting (light-emitting diodes, commonly referred to as LEDs). The Lighting
Research Center conducts research, demonstration, and educational activities on
behalf of ASSIST. ASSIST provides factual information based on applied research
and develops application guides for LED's unique performance characteristics and
requirements. ASSIST is sponsored by 3M; Acuity Brands Lighting; Amerlux;
Bridgelux; Cirrus Logic; Cooper Industries; Cree; Dow Corning; Federal Aviation
Administration; GE Lighting Solutions; ITRI, Industrial Technology Research
Institute; Intematix Corp.; LG Electronics; LG Innotek; Lite-On; New York State
Energy Research and Development Authority (NYSERDA); OSRAM SYLVANIA/OSRAM Opto
Semiconductors; Philips Lighting; POSCO LED; Samsung; Seoul Semiconductor;
Soraa; Toshiba; United States Environmental Protection; WattStopper.

About NYSERDA

NYSERDA, a public benefit corporation, offers objective information and
analysis, innovative programs, technical expertise, and funding to help New
Yorkers increase energy efficiency, save money, use renewable energy, and reduce
their reliance on fossil fuels. NYSERDA professionals work to protect our
environment and create clean-energy jobs. NYSERDA has been developing
partnerships to advance innovative energy solutions in New York since 1975.

LOAD-DATE: June 28, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


                           Copyright 2013 Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                             249 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                     San Mateo County Times (San Mateo, CA)

                             October 3, 2003 Friday

Once and future housing in South City

SECTION: NONE SPECIFIED

LENGTH: 284 words


Housing projects recently completed:

- Chestnut Creek is 40 apartments for low-income seniors at Mission Road and
Chestnut Avenue.

- Westborough Court is 85 condos on Carter Drive.

- Terrabay Village has 161 townhomes and Terrabay Park has 125 houses, both are
on the north side of Hillside Boulevard

- Terrabay's Mandalay Heights has 135 houses starting at $800,000

Future Housing projects:

- The city is deciding on a developer to build 43 affordable rental units at Oak
and Grand Avenues.

- A potential affordable housing project at 950 Linden Ave. built by
Mid-Peninsula Housing Coalition, would create between 45 and 55 rental units.

- Fairfield developers has designed a 360 market-rate apartments for sale as
part of a transit village next to the BART station.

- The Urban Housing Group has submitted design plans for Park Station Lofts, 127
market-rate rental apartments next to the BART station.

- At 111 Chestnut, eight condominiums are under design review.

- Hillside Homes is a 16-unit project at Hillside Boulevard and Stonegate Drive
that is under review.

- Carter Park I is 50 condominiums under construction on Carter Drive.

- Currently under construction, Oakmont Vistas is 33 single-family homes at
Oakmont Drive and Westborough Boulevard.

- Oak Farms is 32 homes at Oak and Grand Avenues near completion. They cost
about $650,000. Several low-cost units were made available to city employees.

- Marbella is a 280-multi-family unit project on Gellert Boulevard that is still
in the design phase.

- The Terrabay project has a 112-condo high-rise tower and 70 units of paired
housing under construction.SOURCE: South San Francisco's master plan list.

LOAD-DATE: October 16, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

            Copyright 2003 MediaNews Group, Inc. and ANG Newspapers


                             250 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             May 25, 2016 Wednesday

Massachusetts: Mayor Walsh Commits $7.5 Million to Create and Preserve
Affordable Housing for All Boston Residents

LENGTH: 589  words

DATELINE: New York



  Boston:  The City of Boston, The State of Massachusetts has issued the
following news release:



 To help protect tenants and preserve the city's moderately priced housing
stock, Mayor Martin J. Walsh today announced the City of Boston has earmarked
$7.5 million of Inclusionary Development funds to support the acquisition of
occupied rental housing.









 Through the new Acquisition Opportunity Program, the Department of Neighborhood
Development will provide subordinate loans to help responsible investor-owners
acquire occupied, multi-family rental properties. Property owners assisted
through the program will be required to maintain the tenancies of residents in
good standing and will also be required to maintain affordable rent levels for
the units in the property for a minimum of 50 years.







 "Boston is com itted to making our city a home for everyone, no matter their
age, background or financial status. This $7.5 million investment is another
leap towards creating affordable housing for all our residents," said Mayor
Walsh. "We are com itted to growing our affordable housing stock, and programs
like the Acquisition Opportunity Program ensures Boston residents will not be
priced out of their homes and neighborhoods."







 The Acquisition Opportunity Program is designed to increase the share of
Boston's rental housing stock that is protected from market forces, creating
affordable housing for Boston residents who cannot afford market rate rents. To
participate in the program, a developer or owner must agree that a minimum of 40
percent of the units will be restricted for low and moderate-incom  families. In
addition, funding preference will be given to developments that have either a
higher number of restricted units or have units restricted to lower incom s.







 The program will also prevent displacement of tenants threatened by the forces
of gentrification by ensuring that their apartments will not becom  unaffordable
over the long term. To ensure this, the program is only available for
investor-owned rental properties that are either fully or partially occupied. To
participate, developers are required to agree that no tenant in good standing
will be displaced from their unit.







 In conversations with the com unity, affordable housing developers and
nonprofits, the City found affordable housing developers can be outpaced in the
housing market because private investors often have access to capital and cash
that may not be as readily available to affordable housing developers. The
Acquisition Opportunity Program offers a solution to this challenge by offering
developers the opportunity to pre-qualify for a set amount of funding. This
pre-qualification will enable potential buyers to be more nimble and com etitive
in Boston's fast-moving real estate market.







 Development teams will pre-qualify for the program by demonstrating they have
the experience and financial capacity to undertake an Acquisition Opportunity
project, and have the management experience to successfully operate the
properties long-term. Through a com etitive RFP process, development teams will
be selected and will receive certification from the City for the requested
amount of their loan. Once pre-qualified, teams can begin looking for
properties. When a property is identified, the prospective buyer can then make
an offer, confirm that offer with the City and close on the sale efficiently.



  In case of any query regarding this article or other content please contact
editorial@plusmediasolutions.com br/>

LOAD-DATE: May 25, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             251 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                      May 2, 1981, Saturday, Final Edition

NHP Reports 12 Years of Project Success

SECTION: Real Estate; E6

LENGTH: 349 words


The privately funded National Housing Partnership, operating on a charter from
the federal government, says in its new annual report that over the past 12
years it has become "the largest private producer of low and moderate-income
rental housing." It says it has not had a project failure.

The Washington-based organization reported that more than $2.5 billion in
housing has been produced, primarily through incentive partnerships with private
organizations in 40 states, Puerto Rico and the District.  The tabulation shows
creation of 51,242 rental units and 17,569 sale dwellings for
low-moderate-income purchasers.

In 1980, NHP produced 10,115 dwellings, most of them rental units for tenants
eligible for Section 8 subsidy aid from the government.  NHP commissions local
builders and developers and then sells 95 percent of its interest to individual
investors who get tax shelter.

As a whole developer, NHP also participates in organizing sale housing in
partnership with local builders.  Several of its sale town house projects are
located in the Washington area, such as the high-rise Latrobe apartment at 15th
Street and Rhode Island Avenue NW.  The fully leased complex competes for market
rents ranging over $600 a month and the tenants receive no subsidies.

NHP also had an investment role in the rejuvenation of the rundown 2,100-unit
former Shirley Duke apartment project in Alexandria, now the Foxchase, which has
been renting at market rates to[TEXT OMITTED FROM SOURCE]

NHP plans to break ground soon for the development of a high-rise apartment
building in the Chinatown area near the new convention center and Mount Vernon
Square in midtown D.C.

NHP has direct management of 27,603 of its rental units and regards successful
management as essential for good subsidized housing projects.

George W. DeFranceaux and George M. Brady Jr. are the top officers of NHP.
William D. Comings Jr. is in charge of multi-family unit development, and D. T.
Noakes is in charge of the development of sale housing.  G. Lindsey Crump heads
property management.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 1981 The Washington Post


                             252 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            July 16, 2014 Wednesday

Assistant Secretary for Housing-Federal Housing Commissioner: Credit Risk
Officer (Multi-Family) 14-HUD-499P

LENGTH: 2051  words

DATELINE: Washington


The United States Office of Personnel Management has issued the following job
announcement:

Job Title:Credit Risk Officer (Multi-Family)

Department:Department Of Housing And Urban Development

Agency:Assistant Secretary for Housing-Federal Housing Commissioner

Job Announcement Number:14-HUD-499P
SALARY RANGE:
 $124,995.00 to $157,100.00 / Per Year
OPEN PERIOD:
 Tuesday, July 15, 2014 to Monday, July 28, 2014
SERIES & GRADE:
 GS-1101-15
POSITION INFORMATION:
 Career/Career Conditional - Full-time
PROMOTION POTENTIAL:
15
DUTY LOCATIONS:
 1 vacancy - Washington DC, DC View Map
WHO MAY APPLY:
 U.S. citizens; no prior Federal experience is required.

This opportunity is also open to Status eligibles under Announcement 14-HUD-498.
Please refer to that announcement for details on open period, eligibility, and
how to apply.
SECURITY CLEARANCE:
 Other
SUPERVISORY STATUS:
 No
JOB SUMMARY:

About the Agency

This position is located in the immediate Office of the DAS for Risk Management
and Regulatory Affairs, Office of Housing.
TRAVEL REQUIRED

Not Required

KEY REQUIREMENTS

Click "Print Preview" to review the entire announcement before applying.
    Please refer to "Conditions of Employment."

DUTIES:
Back to top

As a Credit Risk Officer (Multi-family), you will:

Assess the credit risk exposure implications of proposed Multi-Family program
changes (i.e.,introduction of new programs, or substantial changes to existing
programs) and counsel the Multi-Family and ORM leadership on the prudence of
making the change.
    Plan, organize, and carry out analytical studies involving the planning,
development, and implementation of major agency programs of national scope and
impact.
    Support the development and maintenance of analytical tools (e.g.,
scorecards) used in the Multi-Family underwriting, asset management and credit
portfolio monitoring processes.
    Represent FHA during briefings and negotiations within the Department, as
well as with Congress, officials in other Federal agencies, private industry,
and or interest groups.

QUALIFICATIONS REQUIRED:
Back to top

You must meet the following requirements by the closing date of this
announcement.

For the GS-15, you must have one year of specialized experience at a level of
difficulty and responsibility equivalent to the GS-14 grade level in the Federal
service. Specialized experience for this position includes:

Developing models (such as cash flows) strategies and analytical tools (i.e.
assessing credit, market, and operational risks in the mortgage and/or housing
finance industry);
    Evaluating portfolio performance and lender quality; (i.e. loan reviews,
compliance reviews, management of counter party risk);
    Conducting mortgage credit quantitative analysis and/or property financial
performance analysis;
    Evaluating and/or assisting with the modification of existing policies and
practices regarding credit risk management; AND
    Advising senior management on risk-related issues and practices.


Experience may have been gained in either the public or private sector. One year
of experience refers to full-time work; part-time work is considered on a
prorated basis. To ensure full credit for your work experience, please indicate
dates of employment by month/date/year, and indicate number of hours worked per
week on your résumé.
HOW YOU WILL BE EVALUATED:

Your application includes your résumé, responses to the online questions, and
required supporting documents. Please be sure that your résumé includes detailed
information to support your qualifications for this position; failure to provide
sufficient evidence in your resume may result in a "not qualified"
determination.

Rating: Your application will be evaluated in the following areas: Credit Risk
Analysis, Analytical/Research skills, Problem Solving, Communication. Category
rating will be used to rank and select eligible candidates. If qualified, you
will be assigned to one of three quality level categories: Best Qualified,
Better Qualified, and Qualified (Good) depending on your responses to the online
questions, regarding your experience, education, and training related to this
position. Your rating may be lowered if your responses to the online questions
are not supported by the education and/or experience described in your
application.

Veterans' preference is applied after applicants are assessed.
Preference-eligibles will be listed at the top of their assigned category and
considered before non-preference-eligibles in that category. Qualified
preference-eligibles with a compensable service-connected disability of 10% or
more will be listed at the top of the highest category.

Referral: If you are among the top qualified candidates, your application may be
referred to a selecting official for consideration. You may be required to
participate in a selection interview.

If you are a displaced or surplus Federal employee (eligible for the Career
Transition Assistance Plan (CTAP)/Interagency Career Transition Assistance Plan
(ICTAP)) you must be assigned the middle category or better to be rated as "well
qualified" to receive special selection priority.
To preview questions please click here.
BENEFITS:
Back to top

You can review our benefits at:
http://portal.hud.gov/hudportal/HUD?src=/program_offices/administration/careers/
hudbenefits


OTHER INFORMATION:
- We may select from this announcement or any other source to fill one or more
vacancies.
- Relocation expenses will not be paid.
- Telework may be available.
- This is a bargaining unit position.
- This position is Exempt from the Fair Labor Standards Act (FLSA).
- Recruitment incentive may be offered.
- HUD offers alternative and flexible work schedules.

CONDITIONS OF EMPLOYMENT:
- A 1-year probationary period is required. (unless already completed)
- Must successfully complete a background investigation.
- Complete a Declaration for Federal Employment to determine your suitability
for Federal employment, at the time requested by the agency
- If you are a male applicant born after December 31, 1959, certify that you
have registered with the Selective Service System or are exempt from having to
do so.
- Have your salary sent to a financial institution of your choice by Direct
Deposit/Electronic Funds Transfer.
- Go through a Personal Identity Verification (PIV) process that requires two
forms of identification from the Form I-9.  Federal law requires verification of
the identity and employment eligibility of all new hires in the U.S.

HUD employees are prohibited under Section 7501.104, 5 Code of Federal
Regulations from directly or indirectly owning, acquiring, or receiving:
- Federal Housing Authority debentures or certificate of claim;
- Financial interest in a project, including any single family dwelling or unit
subsidized by HUD, or which is subject to a note or mortgage insured by HUD;
- Section 8 subsidies to or on behalf of a tenant of property you, your spouse,
or a dependent child owns.

The following are exceptions to the Section 8 prohibition:
- The employee, or the employee's spouse or minor child acquires, without
specific intent as through inheritance, a property in which a tenant receiving
such a subsidy already resides;
- The tenant receiving such a subsidy lived in the rental property before the
employee worked for the Department;
- The tenant receiving such a subsidy is a parent, child, grandchild, or sibling
of the employee;
- The employee's, or the employee's spouse or minor child's, rental property has
an incumbent tenant who has not previously received such a subsidy and becomes
the beneficiary thereof; or
- The location of the rental property is in a Presidentially declared emergency
or natural disaster area and the employee receives prior written approval from
an agency designee.

HOW TO APPLY:
Back to top
HUD has partnered with the Treasury's Bureau of the Fiscal Service to provide
certain personnel services to its organization.  Fiscal Service's
responsibilities include advertising vacancies, accepting and handling
applications, and extending job offers.

The following instructions outline our application process. You must complete
this application process and submit any required documents by 11:59 p.m. Eastern
Time (ET) on the closing date of this announcement. We are available to assist
you during business hours (normally 8:00 a.m. - 5:00 p.m. ET, Monday - Friday).
If applying online poses a hardship, please contact us by noon ET on the
announcement's closing date.

HUD provides reasonable accommodation to applicants with disabilities on a
case-by-case basis.  Please contact us if you require this for any part of the
application and hiring process.

To begin, either click the "Create a New Account" button and follow the prompts
to register or if you previously registered, click the "Apply Online" button and
follow the prompts.

You will be re-directed to HUD's CareerConnector system to complete your
application process; answer the online questions, and submit all required
documents. (To submit supporting documents, click one of the available options;
Upload; Fax; or Reuse existing documents.  To protect your privacy, we suggest
you first remove your SSN). Also, go to "My Account" to view and update your
information, as necessary.

To complete, you must click the "Finish" button located at the bottom of the
"Application Review" page.

To verify your application is complete, log into your USAJOBS account, select
the Application Status link and then select the more information link for this
position. The Details page will display the status of your application, the
documentation received and processed, and any correspondence the agency has sent
related to this application.

To return to an incomplete application, log into your USAJOBS account and click
Update Application in the vacancy announcement. You must re-select your resume
and/or other documents from your USAJOBS account or your application will be
incomplete.

If you are experiencing system issues with your application, please contact the
Help Desk at mgshelp@monster.com  or at 866-656-6831 and/or the USAJobs Help
Desk.

REQUIRED DOCUMENTS:
A complete application includes 1. A résumé, 2. Vacancy question responses, and
3. Submission of any required documents.  Please note that if you do not provide
all required information, as specified in this announcement, you may not be
considered for this position (or may not receive the special consideration for
which you may be eligible).

All applicants are required to submit a résumé either by creating one in USAJOBS
or uploading one of their own choosing.  (Cover letters are optional.)  To
receive full credit for relevant experience, please list the month/date/year and
number of hours worked for experience listed on your résumé.  We suggest that
you preview the online questions, as you may need to customize your résumé to
ensure that it supports your responses to these questions. Please view résumé
tips.

VETERANS' PREFERENCE DOCUMENTATION: If you are claiming veterans preference,
please see applicant guide for required documentation  In order to be considered
for veterans preference, you must submit all required documentation as outlined
in the applicant guide.

CAREER TRANSITION ASSISTANCE PLAN (CTAP) OR INTERAGENCY CAREER TRANSITION
ASSISTANCE PLAN (ICTAP) DOCUMENTATION: If you are a displaced or surplus Federal
employee, click CTAP/ICTAP for eligibility and a detailed list of required
documents.
AGENCY CONTACT INFO:
Applicant Call Center
Phone: 304-480-7300
Fax: 000-000-0000
TDD: 304-480-8725
Email: hudinquiries@bpd.treas.gov
Agency Information:
Assistant Secretary for Housing
***WE DO NOT ACCEPT MAILED APPLICATIONS***
Parkersburg, WV
26101
US
Fax: 000-000-0000
WHAT TO EXPECT NEXT:
You may check the status of your application for this position at any time by
logging onto the USAJOBS "My Account" tab and clicking on "Application Status".
For a more detailed update of your application status, you may click on "more
information."

Please notify us if your contact information changes after the closing date of
the announcement.  Also, note that if you provide an email address that is
inaccurate or if your mailbox is full or blocked (e.g., spam-blocker), you may
not receive important communication that could affect your consideration for
this position.

For more information please visit: https://www.usajobs.gov


LOAD-DATE: July 16, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             253 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             July 15, 2014 Tuesday

Assistant Secretary for Housing-Federal Housing Commissioner: Credit Risk
Officer (Multi-Family) 14-HUD-499P

LENGTH: 2051  words

DATELINE: Washington


The United States Office of Personnel Management has issued the following job
announcement:

Job Title:Credit Risk Officer (Multi-Family)

Department:Department Of Housing And Urban Development

Agency:Assistant Secretary for Housing-Federal Housing Commissioner

Job Announcement Number:14-HUD-499P
SALARY RANGE:
 $124,995.00 to $157,100.00 / Per Year
OPEN PERIOD:
 Tuesday, July 15, 2014 to Monday, July 28, 2014
SERIES & GRADE:
 GS-1101-15
POSITION INFORMATION:
 Career/Career Conditional - Full-time
PROMOTION POTENTIAL:
15
DUTY LOCATIONS:
 1 vacancy - Washington DC, DC View Map
WHO MAY APPLY:
 U.S. citizens; no prior Federal experience is required.

This opportunity is also open to Status eligibles under Announcement 14-HUD-498.
Please refer to that announcement for details on open period, eligibility, and
how to apply.
SECURITY CLEARANCE:
 Other
SUPERVISORY STATUS:
 No
JOB SUMMARY:

About the Agency

This position is located in the immediate Office of the DAS for Risk Management
and Regulatory Affairs, Office of Housing.
TRAVEL REQUIRED

Not Required

KEY REQUIREMENTS

Click "Print Preview" to review the entire announcement before applying.
    Please refer to "Conditions of Employment."

DUTIES:
Back to top

As a Credit Risk Officer (Multi-family), you will:

Assess the credit risk exposure implications of proposed Multi-Family program
changes (i.e.,introduction of new programs, or substantial changes to existing
programs) and counsel the Multi-Family and ORM leadership on the prudence of
making the change.
    Plan, organize, and carry out analytical studies involving the planning,
development, and implementation of major agency programs of national scope and
impact.
    Support the development and maintenance of analytical tools (e.g.,
scorecards) used in the Multi-Family underwriting, asset management and credit
portfolio monitoring processes.
    Represent FHA during briefings and negotiations within the Department, as
well as with Congress, officials in other Federal agencies, private industry,
and or interest groups.

QUALIFICATIONS REQUIRED:
Back to top

You must meet the following requirements by the closing date of this
announcement.

For the GS-15, you must have one year of specialized experience at a level of
difficulty and responsibility equivalent to the GS-14 grade level in the Federal
service. Specialized experience for this position includes:

Developing models (such as cash flows) strategies and analytical tools (i.e.
assessing credit, market, and operational risks in the mortgage and/or housing
finance industry);
    Evaluating portfolio performance and lender quality; (i.e. loan reviews,
compliance reviews, management of counter party risk);
    Conducting mortgage credit quantitative analysis and/or property financial
performance analysis;
    Evaluating and/or assisting with the modification of existing policies and
practices regarding credit risk management; AND
    Advising senior management on risk-related issues and practices.


Experience may have been gained in either the public or private sector. One year
of experience refers to full-time work; part-time work is considered on a
prorated basis. To ensure full credit for your work experience, please indicate
dates of employment by month/date/year, and indicate number of hours worked per
week on your résumé.
HOW YOU WILL BE EVALUATED:

Your application includes your résumé, responses to the online questions, and
required supporting documents. Please be sure that your résumé includes detailed
information to support your qualifications for this position; failure to provide
sufficient evidence in your resume may result in a "not qualified"
determination.

Rating: Your application will be evaluated in the following areas: Credit Risk
Analysis, Analytical/Research skills, Problem Solving, Communication. Category
rating will be used to rank and select eligible candidates. If qualified, you
will be assigned to one of three quality level categories: Best Qualified,
Better Qualified, and Qualified (Good) depending on your responses to the online
questions, regarding your experience, education, and training related to this
position. Your rating may be lowered if your responses to the online questions
are not supported by the education and/or experience described in your
application.

Veterans' preference is applied after applicants are assessed.
Preference-eligibles will be listed at the top of their assigned category and
considered before non-preference-eligibles in that category. Qualified
preference-eligibles with a compensable service-connected disability of 10% or
more will be listed at the top of the highest category.

Referral: If you are among the top qualified candidates, your application may be
referred to a selecting official for consideration. You may be required to
participate in a selection interview.

If you are a displaced or surplus Federal employee (eligible for the Career
Transition Assistance Plan (CTAP)/Interagency Career Transition Assistance Plan
(ICTAP)) you must be assigned the middle category or better to be rated as "well
qualified" to receive special selection priority.
To preview questions please click here.
BENEFITS:
Back to top

You can review our benefits at:
http://portal.hud.gov/hudportal/HUD?src=/program_offices/administration/careers/
hudbenefits


OTHER INFORMATION:
- We may select from this announcement or any other source to fill one or more
vacancies.
- Relocation expenses will not be paid.
- Telework may be available.
- This is a bargaining unit position.
- This position is Exempt from the Fair Labor Standards Act (FLSA).
- Recruitment incentive may be offered.
- HUD offers alternative and flexible work schedules.

CONDITIONS OF EMPLOYMENT:
- A 1-year probationary period is required. (unless already completed)
- Must successfully complete a background investigation.
- Complete a Declaration for Federal Employment to determine your suitability
for Federal employment, at the time requested by the agency
- If you are a male applicant born after December 31, 1959, certify that you
have registered with the Selective Service System or are exempt from having to
do so.
- Have your salary sent to a financial institution of your choice by Direct
Deposit/Electronic Funds Transfer.
- Go through a Personal Identity Verification (PIV) process that requires two
forms of identification from the Form I-9.  Federal law requires verification of
the identity and employment eligibility of all new hires in the U.S.

HUD employees are prohibited under Section 7501.104, 5 Code of Federal
Regulations from directly or indirectly owning, acquiring, or receiving:
- Federal Housing Authority debentures or certificate of claim;
- Financial interest in a project, including any single family dwelling or unit
subsidized by HUD, or which is subject to a note or mortgage insured by HUD;
- Section 8 subsidies to or on behalf of a tenant of property you, your spouse,
or a dependent child owns.

The following are exceptions to the Section 8 prohibition:
- The employee, or the employee's spouse or minor child acquires, without
specific intent as through inheritance, a property in which a tenant receiving
such a subsidy already resides;
- The tenant receiving such a subsidy lived in the rental property before the
employee worked for the Department;
- The tenant receiving such a subsidy is a parent, child, grandchild, or sibling
of the employee;
- The employee's, or the employee's spouse or minor child's, rental property has
an incumbent tenant who has not previously received such a subsidy and becomes
the beneficiary thereof; or
- The location of the rental property is in a Presidentially declared emergency
or natural disaster area and the employee receives prior written approval from
an agency designee.

HOW TO APPLY:
Back to top
HUD has partnered with the Treasury's Bureau of the Fiscal Service to provide
certain personnel services to its organization.  Fiscal Service's
responsibilities include advertising vacancies, accepting and handling
applications, and extending job offers.

The following instructions outline our application process. You must complete
this application process and submit any required documents by 11:59 p.m. Eastern
Time (ET) on the closing date of this announcement. We are available to assist
you during business hours (normally 8:00 a.m. - 5:00 p.m. ET, Monday - Friday).
If applying online poses a hardship, please contact us by noon ET on the
announcement's closing date.

HUD provides reasonable accommodation to applicants with disabilities on a
case-by-case basis.  Please contact us if you require this for any part of the
application and hiring process.

To begin, either click the "Create a New Account" button and follow the prompts
to register or if you previously registered, click the "Apply Online" button and
follow the prompts.

You will be re-directed to HUD's CareerConnector system to complete your
application process; answer the online questions, and submit all required
documents. (To submit supporting documents, click one of the available options;
Upload; Fax; or Reuse existing documents.  To protect your privacy, we suggest
you first remove your SSN). Also, go to "My Account" to view and update your
information, as necessary.

To complete, you must click the "Finish" button located at the bottom of the
"Application Review" page.

To verify your application is complete, log into your USAJOBS account, select
the Application Status link and then select the more information link for this
position. The Details page will display the status of your application, the
documentation received and processed, and any correspondence the agency has sent
related to this application.

To return to an incomplete application, log into your USAJOBS account and click
Update Application in the vacancy announcement. You must re-select your resume
and/or other documents from your USAJOBS account or your application will be
incomplete.

If you are experiencing system issues with your application, please contact the
Help Desk at mgshelp@monster.com  or at 866-656-6831 and/or the USAJobs Help
Desk.

REQUIRED DOCUMENTS:
A complete application includes 1. A résumé, 2. Vacancy question responses, and
3. Submission of any required documents.  Please note that if you do not provide
all required information, as specified in this announcement, you may not be
considered for this position (or may not receive the special consideration for
which you may be eligible).

All applicants are required to submit a résumé either by creating one in USAJOBS
or uploading one of their own choosing.  (Cover letters are optional.)  To
receive full credit for relevant experience, please list the month/date/year and
number of hours worked for experience listed on your résumé.  We suggest that
you preview the online questions, as you may need to customize your résumé to
ensure that it supports your responses to these questions. Please view résumé
tips.

VETERANS' PREFERENCE DOCUMENTATION: If you are claiming veterans preference,
please see applicant guide for required documentation  In order to be considered
for veterans preference, you must submit all required documentation as outlined
in the applicant guide.

CAREER TRANSITION ASSISTANCE PLAN (CTAP) OR INTERAGENCY CAREER TRANSITION
ASSISTANCE PLAN (ICTAP) DOCUMENTATION: If you are a displaced or surplus Federal
employee, click CTAP/ICTAP for eligibility and a detailed list of required
documents.
AGENCY CONTACT INFO:
Applicant Call Center
Phone: 304-480-7300
Fax: 000-000-0000
TDD: 304-480-8725
Email: hudinquiries@bpd.treas.gov
Agency Information:
Assistant Secretary for Housing
***WE DO NOT ACCEPT MAILED APPLICATIONS***
Parkersburg, WV
26101
US
Fax: 000-000-0000
WHAT TO EXPECT NEXT:
You may check the status of your application for this position at any time by
logging onto the USAJOBS "My Account" tab and clicking on "Application Status".
For a more detailed update of your application status, you may click on "more
information."

Please notify us if your contact information changes after the closing date of
the announcement.  Also, note that if you provide an email address that is
inaccurate or if your mailbox is full or blocked (e.g., spam-blocker), you may
not receive important communication that could affect your consideration for
this position.

For more information please visit: https://www.usajobs.gov

LOAD-DATE: July 16, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             254 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                    Daily Journal of Commerce (Portland, OR)

                            August 28, 2008 Thursday

Corvallis developer seeking funds for housing project

BYLINE: DJC Staff

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 158  words


Affordable housing developer Willamette Neighborhood Housing Services is seeking
funding from a new low-income housing project in northeast Corvallis.

The project, Seavey Meadows, was recently approved by Corvallis City Council.
Now the developers must obtain state and federal grant money, a process that
will take until October or November. The project plan shows a mix of housing,
including single-family houses, duplex, triplex and multi-family homes located
on 3.46 acres along Conser Street. Homes will be sold to families who earn 80
percent of median family income or less and rental apartments will be leased to
tenants making 60 percent of the median income. The 27-acre property surrounding
the site contains wetlands, which will be retained by the city for preservation
as an open space.

Seavey Meadows will be packaged with Alexander Court - another housing project
for grant funding that will offer housing to victims of domestic violence.

LOAD-DATE: August 29, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Government activity

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2008 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved


                             255 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            January 17, 2017 Tuesday

North Carolina: Asheville apartment report shows more units, but higher prices

LENGTH: 504  words

DATELINE: New York



 Raleigh: The City of Asheville, North Carolina has issued the following news
release:


 More than 30 multifamily rental properties are in development in Buncombe
County, a sign that the shortage of rentals could soon ease. But rents for many
Asheville-area apartment communities are trending toward an upscale market,
putting affordable housing out of reach for many of the city's economically
challenged residents.


 Those are the finds of a newly released Apartment Market Update for Asheville
and Buncombe County, prepared by Bowen National Research. Here is a link to the
report: Buncombe County Apartment Market Summary 2017.

 The City of Asheville contracted in 2014 with Bowen National Research to
complete a Regional Housing Needs Assessment, a report that was released in
early 2015. That assessment showed a near zero vacancy rate across the region in
both market-rate and affordable units and involved the analysis of detailed
economic, demographic and housing metrics that were used to assess the overall
housing market conditions and development opportunities of the region.

 In the two years since that data was released, Asheville and Buncombe County
have seen an increase in multi-family development, and therefore contracted with
Bowen National Research to do an update to the 2014 assessment. The focus of
this update is on Asheville and Buncombe County only. The update reports and
analyzes the latest multifamily rental housing data and trends, as well as
identifies multifamily product in the development pipeline. This analysis
enables City staff to assesses recent trends in the multifamily rental housing
market, with emphasis on changes in rents, vacancies and incentives (e.g. rent
concessions). It also allows staff to assesses improvements or declines in the
market since late 2014, and to identifies potential future market challenges
that might exist. This update does not include an assessment of recent economic
or demographic characteristics and trends.


 Key findings


  Buncombe county's overall multifamily rental housing market has experienced an
increase in vacancies over the past two years, but is still lower than the
national average.

  Demand for market-rate housing remains relatively strong.

  The occupancy rate among the affordable rentals such as tax credit and
government subsidized housing remains near 100% and there remains significant
pent-up demand for such housing.

  Most of the new rental product developed in Buncombe County over the past two
years has been high-end market-rate product, while only a couple of properties
affordable to low-income households have been developed during this time.

  Market-rate rents have increased at an annual rate of 4.4% over the past year.


  There are 33 multifamily rental properties in the development pipeline in the
county, with approximately 4,647 units that could be added over the next couple
of years.







 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: January 17, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2017 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             256 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            January 17, 2017 Tuesday

North Carolina: Asheville apartment report shows more units, but higher prices

LENGTH: 504  words

DATELINE: New York



 Raleigh: The City of Asheville, North Carolina has issued the following news
release:


 More than 30 multifamily rental properties are in development in Buncombe
County, a sign that the shortage of rentals could soon ease. But rents for many
Asheville-area apartment communities are trending toward an upscale market,
putting affordable housing out of reach for many of the city's economically
challenged residents.


 Those are the finds of a newly released Apartment Market Update for Asheville
and Buncombe County, prepared by Bowen National Research. Here is a link to the
report: Buncombe County Apartment Market Summary 2017.

 The City of Asheville contracted in 2014 with Bowen National Research to
complete a Regional Housing Needs Assessment, a report that was released in
early 2015. That assessment showed a near zero vacancy rate across the region in
both market-rate and affordable units and involved the analysis of detailed
economic, demographic and housing metrics that were used to assess the overall
housing market conditions and development opportunities of the region.

 In the two years since that data was released, Asheville and Buncombe County
have seen an increase in multi-family development, and therefore contracted with
Bowen National Research to do an update to the 2014 assessment. The focus of
this update is on Asheville and Buncombe County only. The update reports and
analyzes the latest multifamily rental housing data and trends, as well as
identifies multifamily product in the development pipeline. This analysis
enables City staff to assesses recent trends in the multifamily rental housing
market, with emphasis on changes in rents, vacancies and incentives (e.g. rent
concessions). It also allows staff to assesses improvements or declines in the
market since late 2014, and to identifies potential future market challenges
that might exist. This update does not include an assessment of recent economic
or demographic characteristics and trends.


 Key findings


  Buncombe county's overall multifamily rental housing market has experienced an
increase in vacancies over the past two years, but is still lower than the
national average.

  Demand for market-rate housing remains relatively strong.

  The occupancy rate among the affordable rentals such as tax credit and
government subsidized housing remains near 100% and there remains significant
pent-up demand for such housing.

  Most of the new rental product developed in Buncombe County over the past two
years has been high-end market-rate product, while only a couple of properties
affordable to low-income households have been developed during this time.

  Market-rate rents have increased at an annual rate of 4.4% over the past year.


  There are 33 multifamily rental properties in the development pipeline in the
county, with approximately 4,647 units that could be added over the next couple
of years.







 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: January 17, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2017 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             257 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           January 14, 2017 Saturday

North Carolina: Asheville apartment report shows more units, but higher prices

LENGTH: 504  words

DATELINE: New York



 Raleigh: The City of Asheville, North Carolina has issued the following news
release:


 More than 30 multifamily rental properties are in development in Buncombe
County, a sign that the shortage of rentals could soon ease. But rents for many
Asheville-area apartment communities are trending toward an upscale market,
putting affordable housing out of reach for many of the city's economically
challenged residents.


 Those are the finds of a newly released Apartment Market Update for Asheville
and Buncombe County, prepared by Bowen National Research. Here is a link to the
report: Buncombe County Apartment Market Summary 2017.

 The City of Asheville contracted in 2014 with Bowen National Research to
complete a Regional Housing Needs Assessment, a report that was released in
early 2015. That assessment showed a near zero vacancy rate across the region in
both market-rate and affordable units and involved the analysis of detailed
economic, demographic and housing metrics that were used to assess the overall
housing market conditions and development opportunities of the region.

 In the two years since that data was released, Asheville and Buncombe County
have seen an increase in multi-family development, and therefore contracted with
Bowen National Research to do an update to the 2014 assessment. The focus of
this update is on Asheville and Buncombe County only. The update reports and
analyzes the latest multifamily rental housing data and trends, as well as
identifies multifamily product in the development pipeline. This analysis
enables City staff to assesses recent trends in the multifamily rental housing
market, with emphasis on changes in rents, vacancies and incentives (e.g. rent
concessions). It also allows staff to assesses improvements or declines in the
market since late 2014, and to identifies potential future market challenges
that might exist. This update does not include an assessment of recent economic
or demographic characteristics and trends.


 Key findings


  Buncombe county's overall multifamily rental housing market has experienced an
increase in vacancies over the past two years, but is still lower than the
national average.

  Demand for market-rate housing remains relatively strong.

  The occupancy rate among the affordable rentals such as tax credit and
government subsidized housing remains near 100% and there remains significant
pent-up demand for such housing.

  Most of the new rental product developed in Buncombe County over the past two
years has been high-end market-rate product, while only a couple of properties
affordable to low-income households have been developed during this time.

  Market-rate rents have increased at an annual rate of 4.4% over the past year.


  There are 33 multifamily rental properties in the development pipeline in the
county, with approximately 4,647 units that could be added over the next couple
of years.







 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: January 14, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2017 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             258 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           January 14, 2017 Saturday

North Carolina: Asheville apartment report shows more units, but higher prices

LENGTH: 504  words

DATELINE: New York



 Raleigh: The City of Asheville, North Carolina has issued the following news
release:


 More than 30 multifamily rental properties are in development in Buncombe
County, a sign that the shortage of rentals could soon ease. But rents for many
Asheville-area apartment communities are trending toward an upscale market,
putting affordable housing out of reach for many of the city's economically
challenged residents.


 Those are the finds of a newly released Apartment Market Update for Asheville
and Buncombe County, prepared by Bowen National Research. Here is a link to the
report: Buncombe County Apartment Market Summary 2017.

 The City of Asheville contracted in 2014 with Bowen National Research to
complete a Regional Housing Needs Assessment, a report that was released in
early 2015. That assessment showed a near zero vacancy rate across the region in
both market-rate and affordable units and involved the analysis of detailed
economic, demographic and housing metrics that were used to assess the overall
housing market conditions and development opportunities of the region.

 In the two years since that data was released, Asheville and Buncombe County
have seen an increase in multi-family development, and therefore contracted with
Bowen National Research to do an update to the 2014 assessment. The focus of
this update is on Asheville and Buncombe County only. The update reports and
analyzes the latest multifamily rental housing data and trends, as well as
identifies multifamily product in the development pipeline. This analysis
enables City staff to assesses recent trends in the multifamily rental housing
market, with emphasis on changes in rents, vacancies and incentives (e.g. rent
concessions). It also allows staff to assesses improvements or declines in the
market since late 2014, and to identifies potential future market challenges
that might exist. This update does not include an assessment of recent economic
or demographic characteristics and trends.


 Key findings


  Buncombe county's overall multifamily rental housing market has experienced an
increase in vacancies over the past two years, but is still lower than the
national average.

  Demand for market-rate housing remains relatively strong.

  The occupancy rate among the affordable rentals such as tax credit and
government subsidized housing remains near 100% and there remains significant
pent-up demand for such housing.

  Most of the new rental product developed in Buncombe County over the past two
years has been high-end market-rate product, while only a couple of properties
affordable to low-income households have been developed during this time.

  Market-rate rents have increased at an annual rate of 4.4% over the past year.


  There are 33 multifamily rental properties in the development pipeline in the
county, with approximately 4,647 units that could be added over the next couple
of years.







 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: January 15, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2017 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             259 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            January 13, 2017 Friday

North Carolina: Asheville apartment report shows more units, but higher prices

LENGTH: 504  words

DATELINE: New York



 Raleigh: The City of Asheville, North Carolina has issued the following news
release:


 More than 30 multifamily rental properties are in development in Buncombe
County, a sign that the shortage of rentals could soon ease. But rents for many
Asheville-area apartment communities are trending toward an upscale market,
putting affordable housing out of reach for many of the city's economically
challenged residents.


 Those are the finds of a newly released Apartment Market Update for Asheville
and Buncombe County, prepared by Bowen National Research. Here is a link to the
report: Buncombe County Apartment Market Summary 2017.

 The City of Asheville contracted in 2014 with Bowen National Research to
complete a Regional Housing Needs Assessment, a report that was released in
early 2015. That assessment showed a near zero vacancy rate across the region in
both market-rate and affordable units and involved the analysis of detailed
economic, demographic and housing metrics that were used to assess the overall
housing market conditions and development opportunities of the region.

 In the two years since that data was released, Asheville and Buncombe County
have seen an increase in multi-family development, and therefore contracted with
Bowen National Research to do an update to the 2014 assessment. The focus of
this update is on Asheville and Buncombe County only. The update reports and
analyzes the latest multifamily rental housing data and trends, as well as
identifies multifamily product in the development pipeline. This analysis
enables City staff to assesses recent trends in the multifamily rental housing
market, with emphasis on changes in rents, vacancies and incentives (e.g. rent
concessions). It also allows staff to assesses improvements or declines in the
market since late 2014, and to identifies potential future market challenges
that might exist. This update does not include an assessment of recent economic
or demographic characteristics and trends.


 Key findings


  Buncombe county's overall multifamily rental housing market has experienced an
increase in vacancies over the past two years, but is still lower than the
national average.

  Demand for market-rate housing remains relatively strong.

  The occupancy rate among the affordable rentals such as tax credit and
government subsidized housing remains near 100% and there remains significant
pent-up demand for such housing.

  Most of the new rental product developed in Buncombe County over the past two
years has been high-end market-rate product, while only a couple of properties
affordable to low-income households have been developed during this time.

  Market-rate rents have increased at an annual rate of 4.4% over the past year.


  There are 33 multifamily rental properties in the development pipeline in the
county, with approximately 4,647 units that could be added over the next couple
of years.







 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: January 13, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2017 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             260 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            January 13, 2017 Friday

North Carolina: Asheville apartment report shows more units, but higher prices

LENGTH: 504  words

DATELINE: New York



 Raleigh: The City of Asheville, North Carolina has issued the following news
release:


 More than 30 multifamily rental properties are in development in Buncombe
County, a sign that the shortage of rentals could soon ease. But rents for many
Asheville-area apartment communities are trending toward an upscale market,
putting affordable housing out of reach for many of the city's economically
challenged residents.


 Those are the finds of a newly released Apartment Market Update for Asheville
and Buncombe County, prepared by Bowen National Research. Here is a link to the
report: Buncombe County Apartment Market Summary 2017.

 The City of Asheville contracted in 2014 with Bowen National Research to
complete a Regional Housing Needs Assessment, a report that was released in
early 2015. That assessment showed a near zero vacancy rate across the region in
both market-rate and affordable units and involved the analysis of detailed
economic, demographic and housing metrics that were used to assess the overall
housing market conditions and development opportunities of the region.

 In the two years since that data was released, Asheville and Buncombe County
have seen an increase in multi-family development, and therefore contracted with
Bowen National Research to do an update to the 2014 assessment. The focus of
this update is on Asheville and Buncombe County only. The update reports and
analyzes the latest multifamily rental housing data and trends, as well as
identifies multifamily product in the development pipeline. This analysis
enables City staff to assesses recent trends in the multifamily rental housing
market, with emphasis on changes in rents, vacancies and incentives (e.g. rent
concessions). It also allows staff to assesses improvements or declines in the
market since late 2014, and to identifies potential future market challenges
that might exist. This update does not include an assessment of recent economic
or demographic characteristics and trends.


 Key findings


  Buncombe county's overall multifamily rental housing market has experienced an
increase in vacancies over the past two years, but is still lower than the
national average.

  Demand for market-rate housing remains relatively strong.

  The occupancy rate among the affordable rentals such as tax credit and
government subsidized housing remains near 100% and there remains significant
pent-up demand for such housing.

  Most of the new rental product developed in Buncombe County over the past two
years has been high-end market-rate product, while only a couple of properties
affordable to low-income households have been developed during this time.

  Market-rate rents have increased at an annual rate of 4.4% over the past year.


  There are 33 multifamily rental properties in the development pipeline in the
county, with approximately 4,647 units that could be added over the next couple
of years.







 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: January 14, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2017 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             261 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The Calgary Herald (Alberta)

                           October 30, 2010 Saturday
                                 Final Edition

PEAK opportunity for homebuyers; Public, Essential And Key workers program puts
ownership in reach

BYLINE: Kathy McCormick, Calgary Herald

SECTION: NEW CONDOS; Pg. J1

LENGTH: 1060  words


It's a chance of a lifetime for many Calgary families -- and it just got better.

The new and unique PEAK Home Ownership program has been such a success, it is
expanding to its second multifamily housing location, says Norm Mross, president
of Trico Homes.

"Trico Homes and Habitat for Humanity-Calgary are currently in the process of
applying for another grant from the Alberta government to launch another 65-unit
PEAK project in Calgary," he says.

PEAK is the acronym for Public, Essential And Key workers who are the program's
target, he says.

"It offers assistance for first-time homebuyers who can qualify for a mortgage,
but are unable to save enough money for the down payment."

The program is the first such partnership between Trico Homes and Habitat for
Humanity-Calgary -- with assistance from Canada Mortgage and Housing Corp. and
the provincial government's housing and urban affairs department.

In fact, it's the first multi-family development of its kind in Alberta.

It offers homes at market value, but with support for down payments and a
time-limited subsidy to first-time buyers -- people who are working families in
areas that include service, retail, nonprofit and industrial sectors.

Its first project was in the Milano multi-family development by Trico Homes,
which is in Panorama Hills in north-central Calgary.

It was "an overwhelming success," says Richard Gotfried, vice-president of
corporate communications for Trico Homes.

Just ask Stephanie Janes, one of the first homebuyers to qualify.

"When I found out I was accepted, I was almost in tears," says the single mother
of two teenage boys, Deven, 13, and Derrick, 12. "I was thinking: 'Someone pinch
me. This has to be a dream.'"

Janes, a registered nurse who works in a pediatric intensive care unit, has
never owned her own home.

"I couldn't get into home ownership because I couldn't come up with the down
payment," she says.

"I have lived with my parents because the cost of living is too high to live
alone and raise a family, or I am continuously moving because it is hard to stay
in one rental all the time as landlords sell or things just don't work out."

Now living in a rental home in Bowness, Janes says she never thought she could
be a homeowner.

"This is an expensive city to own a home -- and to rent in," she says.

"I pretty much thought it was impossible to own and I've lived in Calgary my
whole life." That's all changed now. The family moved into their brand-new condo
apartment Friday.

PEAK differs from the traditional Habitat for Humanity home ownership programs,
says Leslie Tamagi, president and CEO of the Calgary nonprofit organization.
"The PEAK program is addressing a significant need," says Tamagi.

"Often, first-time buyers find the down payment requirements prohibitive, so
through the program, the families receive support -- which enables them to
purchase their first home

and provides some financial stability to help them build equity."

Traditionally, families who are helped into home ownership through Habitat for
Humanity provide sweat equity to work off down payments.

Homes are then given an interest-free Habitat mortgage that, when paid off, goes
back into the pot to help another family. Dwellings are not sold to Habitat
families at market value and are built by volunteers.

Under the PEAK program, Trico Homes will be constructing the condominium
developments.

It doesn't stop there, says Tamagi. "PEAK homeowners receive additional support
and training in areas such as financial management that promote their success."

She also credits the involvement of the various governments with the programs'
early success.

But a key to the program's uniqueness -- and one that is needed -- can be found
in its name, she says.

"The focus is on Public, Essential and Key workers: public-sector workers,
teachers, health care workers, firefighters, artists, trades people, journalists
... These professionals provide critical services in our province, and the
intent is to encourage them to live and raise their families here."

The new development, tentatively called York29, is a townhome complex that will
be in New Brighton in southeast Calgary, says Gotfried.

Commitments are already in place from Habitat, Trico Homes and the Trico
Charitable Foundation, he says.

Applications are underway from Canada Mortgage and Housing Corp.'s approval --
along with secondary funding from Alberta Housing and Urban Affairs -- to make
the "dream of home ownership a reality for this project for more than 60
hard-working households," says Gotfried.

He encourages anyone interested to visit www.peakcalgary.cafor information and
application forms.

"All Calgarians with stable employment and good credit scores in the $40,000 to
$75,000 income range are encouraged to apply," he says.

The Trico Foundation, the charitable wing of the home-building company, has
given an $860,000 donation to the PEAK program, says Mross. "The program shows
Trico's visionary regional leadership with respect to attainable home ownership
and clearly demonstrates Trico's corporate social responsibility objectives."

That money will be provided for the five per cent down payment required by
CMHC's Housing Flexibilities Program. It is fully re-payable to the program if
the home is sold.

"Our initial short-term goal is to continue this program for a minimum of five
years," says Mross.

The overall long-term goal of the program will be to develop a minimum of 1,000
home ownership units during the next 10 years, says Gotfried.

CHECK IT OUT

Prospective homeowners can find information and apply for the program at
www.peakcalgary.ca.The program is offered on a first-come, first-served basis,
depending on need and qualification.

THE BUYER

Stephanie Janes.

BACKGROUND: Janes is a registered nurse who works in a pediatric intensive care
unit and has two boys, Deven, 13, and Derrick, 12, who live with her in a rental
unit in Bowness. They were one of the qualified families to be accepted in the
new PEAK (Public, Essential And Key workers) home ownership program -- a
partnership between Trico Homes and Habitat for Humanity-Calgary, with
involvement from Canada Mortgage and Housing Corp. and Alberta's housing and
urban affairs department.

BUILDER: Trico Homes, in partnership with Habitat for Humanity-Calgary.

PROJECT: Milano in Panorama Hills in north-central Calgary.

POSS ESSI ON: Scheduled to move in Friday.

LOAD-DATE: October 30, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:
Colour Photo: Christina Ryan, Calgary Herald; From left,  Stephanie Janes and
her sons Derrick and Deven will be moving into  their new home thanks to a
unique program called PEAK.; Colour
Photo: Calgary Herald Archive; The living room in one of the show  suites in the
Milano.;
Colour Photo: Christina Ryan, Calgary Herald  / The exterior of the project by
Trico Homes in Panorama Hills.;
Colour Photo: Calgary Herald Archive; From left, Lisa Clement of  Habitat for
Humanity with Richard Gotfried of Trico Homes outside  the project.;

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


Copyright 2010 The Calgary Herald, a division of Canwest MediaWorks Publication
                                      Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             262 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                    August 14, 1982, Saturday, Final Edition

Building Permits in '81 Drop 28% for D.C. Area

SECTION: Real Estate; E12

LENGTH: 279 words


The number of new residential units authorized for construction in the
Washington area in 1981 dropped to the second-lowest level since 1970, a new
report by the Metropolitan Washington Council of Governments showed.

The 1981 figure of 14,078 units authorized for construction represented a 28
percent decline from the 19,710 in 1980.

Other details of the COG report show that:

* Arlington, Loudoun and Prince George's Counties were the exceptions,
experiencing an increase in building permit activity between 1980 and 1981,
while all other local jurisdictions had decreases.

* A trend continued toward increased construction of single-family housing, with
81 percent of those units authorized in 1981 coming under that category.

* Permits were down for both single-family and for multi-family units, but the
decline in the multi-family category was greater. Single-family permits issue in
1981 declined to 11,466, a 24.6 percent drop from 1980. At the same time,
permits for multi-family construction dropped 41.9 percent from 1980 levels to
2,612 in 1981. That was the lowest level of activity for that sector since 1975.

* A majority of the multi-family units will be sold as condominiums.

* No permits have been issued in the past two years for rental apartment
construction without federal assistance.

* There has been a trend since 1970 toward construction of a greater percentage
of housing to be sold than housing to be rented.

Copies of the COG report, Summary of 1981 Residential Building Permit
Authorizations for the Washington Metropolitan Area, are available for $7 from
COG's Metropolitan Information Center, Suite 200, 1875 Eye St. NW.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 1982 The Washington Post


                             263 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     Deseret Morning News (Salt Lake City)

                              July 24, 2009 Friday

Bonding for downtown housing approved

BYLINE: Jasen Lee Deseret News

LENGTH: 521 words


The planned development of more affordable housing in downtown Salt Lake City
got a strong push this week as a state funding agency announced the approval of
nearly $10 million in bonding for a proposed complex. The Private Activity Bond
Authority announced Wednesday the authorization of $9.8 million in tax-exempt
bonding for a $13 million multi-family apartment development in downtown Salt
Lake City. If completed as proposed, the project would provide 124 units of
affordable rental housing to residents making 60 percent of the Salt Lake County
household median income ?

which would be about $40,680, according to the Utah Housing Coalition. According
to a news release, the approval for the construction of the project came at the
PAB board meeting on July 8. The bonds will help Wasatch Advantage Group build
Providence Place Apartments, a proposed five-story project consisting of studio,
one- and two-bedroom units to be located at 309 E. 100 South, the release
stated. Upon completion, Providence Place is expected to offer amenities
including secured covered parking, a clubhouse, community room, library and
computer room with Wi-Fi access, the release said.  The Private Activity Bond
Authority is Utah's tax-exempt bonding authority charged with creating a
lower-cost, long-term source of capital under the Federal Tax Act of 1986.
Gordon Walker, board chairman and director of the Utah Division of Housing and
Community Development, told the Deseret News that the federal government
allocates more than $28 billion annually to states on a per capita basis, with
Utah receiving $273,270,000 bond authority in 2009. The program is managed by
the Division of Housing and Community Development under the Utah Department of
Community and Culture. Walker said that, while Salt Lake City has recently seen
much more housing being built in the downtown area, this project would be among
the few that has a specific affordability component. "Here is a project coming
in at 60 percent (area median income) that a lot of people can afford," he said.
When finished, the Providence Place units will offer a viable alternative for
people who want to live downtown and would like to be able to live in a
"walkable community." The project would be developed by the residential
development arm of Wasatch Advantage Group, based in Mission Viejo, Calif.,
according to Scott Overman, president of subsidiary Wasatch Residential. The
company already has 13 multi-family properties in Utah, including 12 in the Salt
Lake City area, he said. Overman told the Deseret News that the remainder of the
financing for the project is not yet in place, but it could be finalized by
October. "If the funding and everything falls into place, then we'll start
construction in the spring," he said. Walker said that development of affordable
rental projects such as Providence Place could help in the revitalization
efforts underway in the downtown area. "We've seen that there was a demand for
condominiums," he said. "With the demand for that market, there is also going to
be a demand for affordable (rental) units." e-mail: jlee@desnews.com

LOAD-DATE: July 24, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2009 The Deseret News Publishing Co.


                             264 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                      The Free Press (Mankato, Minnesota)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                           January 14, 2016 Thursday

Waseca will need senior, rental housing, study says

BYLINE: Nancy Madsen, The Free Press, Mankato, Minn.

SECTION: BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL NEWS

LENGTH: 545 words


Jan. 14--WASECA -- A draft housing study for Waseca says there will be need for
about 400 more housing units in the next decade, especially targeting the senior
and rental markets.

The study, conducted by Maxfield Research and Consulting, found that during the
next decade, the population in Waseca and the Waseca market area is likely to
decrease, by 140 people, while the number of households is projected to increase
by seven. The population will age and many of the new housing needs are in
response to an older population and a likely desire to downsize or need to have
assisted living.

"There's a lot of good information to help us charge a course forward," City
Manager Danny Lenz said.

After responding to questions from the city, a final version will be released in
a few weeks and the authors will present it to the City Council and Economic
Development Agency. The draft is available on the city website.

Lenz said housing has been a top priority for the council and the study shows
concrete steps the city can take to aid housing development, which can be
cost-prohibitive, especially when compared to affordable- or subsidized-housing
rental rates.

"It's a discussion we need to have," Lenz said. "The study can spur us on
further to look at the concrete steps now that we have the data that shows there
is a need."

Two-thirds of the coming demand is in the senior housing market, said Maxfield,
based in Golden Valley. The demand will be more than 200 units, numbering about
35 in ownership or co-op situations, as well as 52 market-rate rental and 59
affordable rental units. There will also be the need to add 48 assisted living,
30 memory care and 28 independent living units.

Maxfield projected the city would need 87 new single-family housing units
through 2025. But the city has 81 lots available for this type of housing,
meaning only four additional lots are needed if all are developed. Maxfield said
a demand for new housing exists at all price points.

Maxfield found pent-up demand for maintenance-free multi-family homes, such as
townhomes, spurred by aging baby boomers.

Likewise, Maxfield determined a demand for more than 80 additional rental units,
more than half of those in affordable or subsidized housing. For now, the firm
said that the aging rental fills a need for affordable or subsidized housing.
But with a low vacancy rate and demand for rental units with more amenities,
Maxfield said there should be sufficient demand for new rental townhomes to make
development successful.

Lenz said he took the projected need with a grain of salt.

"This study looks at the past to project the future," he said. "If we take some
actions, we might be able to change the demographics of the slight decline of
population."

He noted that the study found that 55 percent of those who work in Waseca live
in Waseca, while the remainder commute to the workplace from outside the housing
market.

"I think it's a chance for us to look at what we can do to make Waseca more
appealing for those in that situation," Lenz said. "The housing study gives us a
hint at that now."

Follow Nancy Madsen on Twitter @nmadsenmfp.

___ (c)2016 The Free Press (Mankato, Minn.) Visit The Free Press (Mankato,
Minn.) at www.mankatofreepress.com Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: January 15, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20160114-FP-Waseca-will-need-senior-rental-housing
-study-says-0114-20160114

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: FP


                         Copyright 2016 The Free Press


                             265 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                      Copyright 2016 Zoom Information Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                            Zoom Company Information

                                   July 2016

                     Human Resource Development Council Inc

                                 32 South Tracy
                               Bozeman,  MT 59715
                                 United States

* * * * * * * * * * COMMUNICATIONS * * * * * * * * * *
TELEPHONE: (406) 587-4486
FAX: (406) 585-3538
URL: www.thehrdc.org

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
EMPLOYEES: 35

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *

   Created in 1975, the Human Resource Development Council is southwest
Montana's leading human service and community development organization. The HRDC
serves Gallatin, Park and Meagher Counties. Each county encompasses
approximately 2,500 square miles. The area served by the Council is bordered on
the west by the headwaters of the Missouri River and to the south by Yellowstone
National Park. To the east and north begin the expanding valleys of the Missouri
and Yellowstone Rivers. Historically the area's economy has been based on
farming, ranching and the extraction and processing of natural resources. The
past 20 years, however, have evidenced a significant shift to tourism and
related services.  From the beginning the Council has addressed community needs
by operating programs such as Head Start, Gallatin Valley Food Bank, homeless
and emergency services, job training, Medicaid case management programs,
HUD-based rental assistance, and energy assistance programs. Since the early
90's the Council's Community Development role has resulted in purchasing and
developing affordable housing, including single-family home ownership and multi
family rentals. In addition, it has created a property management division
within the organization that currently manages around 200 units of affordable
rental housing.

LOAD-DATE: July 14, 2016


                             266 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                   August 9, 1994, TUESDAY, FIVE STAR Edition

PANEL DELAYS DECISION ON APARTMENT COMPLEX

BYLINE: Ralph Dummit Of the St. Charles Post

SECTION: ST. CHARLES; Pg. 4

LENGTH: 248 words


At the request of a developer, the St. Charles County Planning and Zoning
Commission has postponed a decision on a plan for an apartment complex in Park
Charles South.

The commission had been scheduled to take a final vote on the plan on Wednesday.

The proposal is for the development 8 acres at the southeast corner of the
intersection of Park Charles Boulevard South and St. Peters Road.

The property is owned by Maroon Realty and Building Inc. Jeffrey E. Smith is the
prospective developer. Smith, through his attorney, Thomas M. Harrison of
Columbia, has asked that final action be postponed until Sept. 14.

Harrison said last month at a public hearing that Smith plans to develop a
multi-family housing complex with about 60 units designed particularly for
elderly people and retirees.

Bruce Evans, the county's assistant planning director, said that some of the
residents at Park Charles South had become concerned that the apartments might
be occupied by people receiving rent subsidies. Evans said that Harrison, in
response to questions at the hearing, had said that some sort of assistance
might be available to people living in the complex but that he had denied that
the recipients would receive federally subsidized rent.

The proposal before the commission is to approve an amendment to the original
plan for Park Charles subdivision, a planned district, to allow the apartments.
The original plan did not call for this type of development on the site.

LOAD-DATE: August 10, 1994

LANGUAGE: English

                  Copyright 1994 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.


                             267 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     Nanaimo Daily News (British Columbia)

                           August 12, 2009 Wednesday
                                 Final Edition

New home construction in Nanaimo leads the Island; Old projects and multifamily
units are a major factor here

BYLINE: Darrell Bellaart, The Daily News

SECTION: LOCAL; Pg. A3

LENGTH: 555  words


Nanaimo continues to lead Vancouver Island and much of B.C. for new home
construction.

While most other cities have seen new construction fall off since the recession
hit last fall, Nanaimo is one of three B.C. cities where construction has been
almost unaffected since the recession.

The bulk of it is multiple-family housing and contractors rolling out projects
that have been in the works since last year.

Canadian Mortgage and Housing Corporation released figures showing new house
construction rose 19% overall last month.

But while the number of single-family houses started actually fell last month,
multi-family housing rose 107%.

That is welcome news to social planners, since it is a good sign in a tight
rental housing market, and means Nanaimo is moving toward meeting a goal of
housing densification.

While house construction is subject to natural market fluctuations, for the time
being at least, a flurry of activity has protected many Nanaimo contractors from
the worst ravages of a construction slowdown that has hurt the industry around
most of the province.

"Our economy has its ups and downs but it doesn't change the fact the mid-Island
region is one of the most desirable regions to live in the country," said George
Hanson, development manager with InSight Developments, Nanaimo's largest
developer.

InSight started framing a 63-unit new building in the Longwood community in
north Nanaimo several weeks ago.

"It's good because obviously the more multi-family you have, the better
potential there is for that to turn into rental housing," said John Horn,
Nanaimo social planner.

"Presumably it will take off the top of the market and potentially trickle down.
It has the potential to be a good thing overall."

Nanaimo saw strong housing starts each of the last two months, with 80 units
started in July, and another 116 units started in June.

The year-to-date total is 480, just nine units fewer than in 2008.

Other Island cities saw housing starts fall dramatically. In Victoria, CMHC
reported 393 new units under construction in the first seven months, down from
1,441 a year ago.

Only Kamloops and Vernon are experiencing a pattern similar to Nanaimo.

"I know in Kamloops it might have happened because of planning," said Travis
Archibald, CMHC market analyst.

"There is more initiative to build dense housing there."

Nanaimo hasn't made any policy changes, other than having signed agreements with
the province to create affordable housing.

While Nanaimo is bucking the provincial trend now, that could change soon.

Many of the buildings going up now are projects rolling out from construction
permits taken out at city hall as far back as May 2008.

Last year, the city issued permits for 428 units of multi-family housing over
five months between May and September, compared to four units for two duplexes
during the same period so far this year.

"So what I think is happening, the permits we issued last summer and fall are
now being built," said Jason Kinch, Nanaimo building inspection manager.

DBellaart@nanaimodailynews.com

250-729-4235

HOUSING STATISTICS

Multifamily units, permits issued

May, 2008 -- 104 units

June, 2008 -- 176 units

Aug. 2008 -- 102 units

Sept. 2008 -- 46 units

July, 2009 -- 4 units

-- source: city of nanaimo

Housing sales, January-July:

980 total sales

748 single-family

131 townhomes

22 condos

-- source: CMHC

LOAD-DATE: August 12, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:
Photo: Canwest News Service, File; In most B.C. cities, the numbers of housing
starts is down, but Nanaimo is bucking that trend with new multifamily units. ;

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Business; Statistics

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2009 Nanaimo Daily News
                              All Rights Reserved


                             268 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                  Vineyard Gazette (Edgartown, Massachusetts)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                               February 15, 2013

Community Leaders Call For Regional Solutions

BYLINE: Vineyard Gazette staff

LENGTH: 974  words


Community action and regional cooperation will be critical as the Island tackles
new solutions to an old problem: affordable housing. This was the consensus
among-community leaders who gathered at the Oak Blluffs Library Wednesday night
to hear a presentation on the first draft of the Hiousing Needs Assessment
Study. "I think there's a need for regional collaboration and some general sense
that there are particular strategies that make sense for communities and the
Island," said Karen Sunnarborg, the consultant who led the study. "I do believe
there should be, within each town, a mutual concern about what's happening
across the Island."

About 30 people attended the meeting; a second session will be held Tuesday at
6:30 p.m. at the Chilmark Community Center. During a presentation on the report,
which will be done in three phases, Ms. Sunnarborg unpacked an array of economic
data showing that the so-called affordability gaps make both home ownership and
home rentals out of reach for many Islanders, and also that the demographic
friends are shifting as the population ages and poverty levels rise. During the
discussion that followed, many town leaders agreed on the need for some kind of
regional approach to the issue. "There is a huge demand for people to come here
in the summertime; it's an absolutely fabulous place to live," said Richard
Toole of Oak Bluffs. "But there needs to be a more concentrated effort to come
back to a smart growth effort in areas with the least environmental damage but
which also make most sense ... it's going to require support from all the towns
to do this." There was some discussion about the annual practice among Island
towns of using Community Preservation Act monies to support rental subsidies and
other forms of affordable housing. Mr. Kristal said Tisbury is considering
adding a $50, 000 line item to its town budget instead of seeking annual
appropriations from the town Community Preservation Act fund for affordable
housing subsidies. "This is just a drop in the bucket," he said. "If the
Community Preservation Act goes away, we have no funding mechanism. Let's fund
this over the next couple years through the town budget and not go through the
[community preservation committee]." Oak Bluffs selectman Walter Vail agreed. "I
hope it's still around [the CPA] and our voters will support it but I have no
guarantee of that," he said. Oak Bluffs housing committee chairman Ewell Hopkins
called the report sobering, especially when it comes to the aging population on
the Island. "From the numbers, I see that the need is focusing on our elderly
population," Mr. Hopkins said. "The poverty level these folks are having to live
at, to me is a quiet or an often unseen reality of so many people's lives on
this Island." David Vigneault, executive director of the Dukes County Regional
Housing Authority, which among other things administers rental assistance
vouchers for Islanders, said the first phase of the report confirms what he is
seeing: scarce availability of decent, affordable rental housing. "Timing and
luck and availability play way too much a part in it," he said. "It's tough,
especially when you get to large-size houses, of which there are fewer to find."
And he pinpointed another trend. He said the county housing authority has seen
high turnover rates in recent years because "folks are finding leases in good
faith and then four or five months later they don't have those jobs. Income and
housing are incredibly tied in a pretty bad dance right now." Mr. Vigneault said
there are around 150 Island families who do not have physical addresses. Their
children are enrolled in schools, but increasing numbers of families are
doubling up and moving around, he said. That number has tripled in the last
couple of winters," he said

The report also found that homelessness is on the rise on the Vineyard. The Rev.
Richard Rego, pastor of the Trinity United Methodist Church in Oak Bluffs, said
Island clergy are keenly aware of the problem. Churches have a discretionary
fund to assist people in need, he said. "The number one increase we've seen over
the last year has been giving money to people in order to keep their rentals,"
Reverend Rego said. "We're losing the ability to be able to help people who
rent, even at this level." "Eventually when [the fund] is exhausted, there's
really nowhere [for people to go], there's no plan," he added. On the issue of
zoning Doug Ruskin, president of the Vineyard branch of Habitat for Humanity,
suggested that the study explore multi-family units to help address "an enormous
problem." "This is an Island where almost everybody you talk to likes
single-family dwellings, and scattered-site housing is what we've been building,
and it's barely a drop in the bucket," he said. "I'm not talking about six-story
apartment buildings necessarily, but there has to be a way to approach this."

But Christina Brown, a member of the Edgartown conservation commission and the
Martha's Vineyard Commission, said she thinks more public education is needed
about the flexible zoning tools already in place in many towns to make more
affordable housing possible. "As a community this Island needs a lot more
affordable community housing or we will change as a community," she said. "The
diversity of people who live here, who make our lives more fun, more
interesting, more meaningful, will diminish. We need the public education and
outreach to make people say, Hey, I'm going to take advantage of this." Mr.
Ruskin noted that the report, which was funded by the six Island towns, the
Martha's Vineyard Commission and a state grant, is rich with information and
data. "This is probably the most comprehensive study with enormous amounts of
information," he said. "If it doesn't get disseminated, we have not made the
best use of the money."

LOAD-DATE: October 9, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Community

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: VYG

                      Copyright 2013 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                        Copyright 2013 Vineyard Gazette


                             269 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     The Leader-Post (Regina, Saskatchewan)

                             April 9, 2011 Saturday
                                 Final Edition

More apartments expected

BYLINE: Neil Scott, Leader-Post

SECTION: BUSINESS & AGRICULTURE; Pg. B1

LENGTH: 445  words


Good news came Friday for Regina and Saskatoon apartment seekers.

The Canada Mortgage and Housing Corp. (CMHC) released data indicating a burst of
activity in construction of new apartment and rental accommodations in both
cities.

Michael Fabiyi, senior market analyst with CMHC, said construction is underway
on 249 apartment or rental units in Regina.

The total is higher in Saskatoon where construction is underway on 414 rental
units, Fabiyi said.

Those rental start numbers are up "from virtually nothing'' in past years,
Fabiyi said.

There's only been a small amount of apartment construction in the two cities
over the past 10 to 15 years, Fabiyi said.

The recent spurt of activity "is a complete turnaround,'' he added.

"My belief is that this is going to be a welcome addition,'' to the housing
markets in both Regina and Saskatoon, Fabiyi said.

A population and economic boom in recent years has increased demand for the
limited number of apartments available.

The combination of tight supply and high demand has pushed apartment rental
rates significantly higher and strained the budgets of many families.

The information provided by Fabiyi was supplementary to written information
released by CMHC Friday on housing starts in Saskatchewan for the first three
months of the year.

There have been 330 housing starts in the metropolitan Regina area in the first
three months of the year, which is up 38.7 per cent from the same period last
year.

In metro Saskatoon, there have been 648 housing starts in the first three months
of this year, which is up 77.5 per cent compared to the same period last year.

Justice Minister Don Morgan said the increase in construction of rental units is
good news for the economy and good news for renters.

"We've probably seen the worst'' of the rental accommodation crisis, Morgan said
Friday.

But the news that more apartments are under construction will be of little
immediate benefit for those people whose rents have increased dramatically in
the past couple of years, Morgan said.

Changes made in the recent provincial budget, to reduce taxes for lower income
people, should help people to be able to pay their rent, Morgan said.

The government has also taken steps to encourage social housing projects, Morgan
said.

All types of housing starts, including both single-family homes and multi-family
units, are beneficial because they increase the housing supply and give people
more choices, Morgan said.

The pace of new housing starts might slow later this year as builders
concentrate on finishing existing projects rather than starting construction on
new ones, Fabiyi said. The housing construction sector should remain vibrant, he
added.

LOAD-DATE: April 9, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


  Copyright 2011 The Leader-Post, a division of Canwest MediaWorks Publication
                                      Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             270 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                Copyright (c) 2008 Mississippi Law Journal, Inc.
                            Mississippi Law Journal

                                  Spring, 2008

                            Mississippi Law Journal

                               77 Miss. L.J. 873

LENGTH: 8811 words

HURRICANE KATRINA SPECIAL EDITION: TWO YEARS AFTER THE STORM: THE STATE OF
KATRINA HOUSING RECOVERY ON THE MISSISSIPPI GULF COAST

NAME: John Jopling *

BIO:



   * John Jopling, J.D., University of Mississippi School of Law 1983, is a
Senior Attorney at the Mississippi Center for Justice Katrina Recovery Office in
Biloxi, Mississippi. The Mississippi Center for Justice (MCJ) began operations
in 2003 as the state's only home-grown non-profit public interest law firm
devoted to advancing racial and economic justice. MCJ scored its first legal
victory in a Holmes County voting rights case in August 2003. Its 2004
litigation in Vinson v. Barbour--as local counsel with AARP Foundation
Litigation--resulted in continued Medicaid coverage for 50,000 poverty-level
aged and disabled Mississippians. In April 2005, MCJ's extensive work on
educational and juvenile justice reform achieved a significant milestone when
the Mississippi legislature enacted the 2005 Juvenile Justice Reform Act. Three
weeks after Hurricane Katrina struck the Mississippi Coast, MCJ's CEO Martha
Bergmark conducted a series of meetings with Coast advocates that led to the
establishment of MCJ's Katrina Recovery Office in October of 2005. The author
gratefully acknowledges the assistance provided by MCJ 2007 summer intern Amanda
Heyman, Candidate for Juris Doctor, University of Michigan Law School, 2008. The
author is especially grateful to his colleague, MCJ Senior Attorney Reilly
Morse, for his assistance in the development of this article.

 TEXT:
 [*873]  I. INTRODUCTION

   In the early morning of August 29, 2005, one of the largest hurricanes in
recorded history struck the United States. The eye of the storm was forty miles
wide, extending from Waveland, Mississippi, to Slidell, Louisiana. Severe winds
of up to 140 miles per hour and tidal surges of up to twenty-six feet hammered
the shoreline seventy miles in either direction from the eye of the storm. The
assault lasted ten hours; by the time it  [*874]  finally subsided, 231
Mississippians had lost their lives, and the Mississippi Gulf Coast was
unrecognizable.  n1

   The damage from Hurricane Katrina to Mississippi's housing supply was of such
magnitude as to create an immediate state of emergency: 70,000 homes were
destroyed, and 160,000 were damaged.  n2 In the early aftermath, those who had
stayed and survived took refuge in public shelters. Those who evacuated only to
return and find their homes or apartments destroyed or uninhabitable took
shelter wherever they could: in damaged but unoccupied structures, automobiles,
churches, tents provided by early relief workers, or even blankets outside under
trees. Later, as FEMA trailers finally began to arrive, these temporary
structures averaging 240 square-feet in size served as housing for many
residents of South Mississippi: by the spring of 2006, 100,000 Mississippians
were living in 37,000 FEMA trailers.  n3

   Given these harsh realities, it was not surprising that Governor Haley
Barbour's Commission on Recovery, Rebuilding and Renewal identified the
development of affordable housing as the "cornerstone" of Mississippi's Katrina
recovery in December of 2005.  n4

   This article addresses the State of Mississippi's response to the affordable
housing crisis on the Coast. Part I describes the damage to existing housing
stock and the heightened impact of the storm on low-income and minority
communities. Part II describes and discusses the key recovery programs created
by the Office of the Governor and approved by HUD. Part III offers a critique of
these programs as neglectful of the needs of low-income  [*875]  individuals and
others who rely on rental property for shelter. Part IV describes additional
tools for promoting affordable housing. Part V suggests several early lessons to
be learned from the state's experience in confronting the affordable housing
problem on the Gulf Coast.

   II. IMPACT OF KATRINA ON AFFORDABLE HOUSING STOCK AND LOW-INCOME COMMUNITIES

   Hurricane Katrina destroyed or damaged so severely as to render uninhabitable
over sixty percent of the single family dwellings in southern Mississippi.  n5
The impact of the storm upon multi-family rental units was even greater: seventy
percent of such units in Hancock County were rendered uninhabitable, forty-six
percent of such units in Harrison County were rendered uninhabitable, and thirty
percent of such units in Jackson County were rendered uninhabitable.  n6

   As staggering as these numbers appear, they must be considered in context.
First, an affordable housing crisis already existed in Mississippi before
Katrina. Mississippi, the poorest state in America, has historically suffered
from a shortage of decent and affordable housing.  n7 Secondly, the impact to
housing from Katrina was not equally distributed across all communities.

   Though it is popular to say, as President Bush did, that "[t]he storm didn't
discriminate,"  n8 every study conducted in the aftermath of Katrina reveals a
disproportionate impact upon low-income and minority communities. For example,
"house-holds  [*876]  at or below 150% of the Federal Poverty Line" comprised
ten percent of pre-Katrina households, "yet such households represented 13.5% of
those within Katrina's Surge Inundation Limit."  n9

   As the Governor's Commission notes, there were much larger numbers of
lower-income households in the Katrina-devastated areas: "about 65 percent of
the housing units exposed to the surge and over 57 percent of the units exposed
to flooding were occupied by households with incomes below the U.S. median
household income level."  n10 In Hancock and Harrison Counties, almost
seventy-five percent of the housing units were occupied by households living
below the median income level for the nation.  n11

   Low-income renters face a particular and acute crisis. The loss of rental
housing stock precipitated an overall average increase in rental rates of thirty
to fifty percent.  n12 Extremely low-income households, those living at thirty
percent or less of the area median income, have been served historically by
public housing. Hurricane Katrina damaged or destroyed more than ninety percent
of the 2,700 public housing units on the Coast.  n13

   III. PROGRAMS CREATED TO ADDRESS IMPACT

   In February of 2006, Congress awarded $ 5.05 billion in a special Katrina
Community Development Block Grant allocation to Mississippi for the rebuilding
effort.  n14 This appropriation  [*877]  supports a number of programs created
by the Governor's office and approved by HUD.

A. MDA-CDBG

   The Mississippi Development Authority's Homeowner Assistance Program (HAP) is
a two-phase program designed to help homeowners whose residences were damaged by
Hurricane Katrina. "In short, one can characterize the Mississippi plan as a
grand compensation and covenant purchase plan."  n15

   The HAP was authorized by the Department of Defense Emergency Supplemental
Appropriations to Address Hurricanes in the Gulf of Mexico and Pandemic
Influenza Act of 2006.  n16 The Emergency Appropriations Act appropriated $ 11.5
billion in Community Development Block Grant (CDBG) funds for states affected by
Katrina and Rita.  n17 Mississippi received $ 5.058 billion of the initial CDBG
disbursement.  n18 The Act authorized Mississippi to spend the CDBG funds for
activities authorized under Title I of the Housing and Community Development Act
of 1974,  n19 which includes the Disaster Recovery Assistance program within the
larger CDBG program structure.  n20 The "Disaster Recovery Assistance [program]
provides grants to help areas recover from Presidentially-declared disasters."
n21

   The HAP consists of two phases. Phase I was designed to  [*878]  help
homeowners outside the federally-designated flood plain who suffered storm surge
damage. Phase II, which is still emerging, is aimed at lower-income residents
who suffered storm surge damage, whether inside or outside the flood plain.
Neither phase assists residents who suffered only wind damage.

   i. Phase I

   In March 2006, the Mississippi Development Authority (MDA) released its first
plan, subject to Department of Housing and Urban Development (HUD) approval, in
July 2006.

   HUD released $ 3.4 billion of the $ 5 billion allocation.  n22 The purpose of
Phase I of the HAP is to:


     provide a one-time grant payment, up to a maximum of $ 150,000, to
     eligible homeowners who suffered flood damage to their primary
     residence as of August 29, 2005, from Hurricane Katrina. In exchange
     for the grant payment, a qualifying homeowner must agree to a covenant
     on their property that establishes building code, flood insurance and
     elevation requirements for them or any future owner of the land.  n23

   This program is directed at those who relied to their detriment on
governmental flood plain designations. Approximately 31,000 homeowners who
suffered storm surge and had homes outside the flood plain have registered with
FEMA.  n24 "Approximately 19,000 of these homeowners, having relied on the NFIP
with regard to the need to carry flood insurance, did not have flood insurance"
to cover Katrina damage.  n25 Seven thousand eight hundred homeowners did carry
some flood insurance, but in many instances the amount of flood insurance was
very insufficient to cover the loss.  n26 "Grant payments under this program
will act, in effect, as insurance  [*879]  proceeds" for homeowners without
flood insurance or with minimal flood coverage.  n27

   To qualify for assistance, homeowners must be outside the flood plain and not
have had insurance to cover structural flood damage:


     Single-family homes, owner-occupied duplexes and manufactured housing
     including mobile homes are eligible for grants under this program.
     Under Hurricane Katrina Home-owner's Grant Program, homeowners may
     receive up to $ 150,000 or the insured value of their home times the
     percentage of damage the home received (whichever is less), less any
     insurance or FEMA payments for structural damage. If homeowners have
     an SBA disaster loan, SBA will perform a duplication of benefit
     analysis to determine if the grant proceeds would be used to repay the
     loan. In addition, if homeowners must elevate their houses when
     rebuilding to re-duce the risk of damage from future storms, they may
     be eligible for up to $ 30,000 to cover the higher cost of
     construction.  n28

   Only one application per household is allowed, and the grant does not apply
to any contents of the home--only to structural damage.  n29 After receiving a
grant, homeowners have sole discretion over the use of the funds. However, the
funds will be handled for the homeowner by the mortgage company, and the
proceeds will go first to any "past due installments owed on the Homeowner's
mortgage loan with the Lender and any ad valorem taxes due and owed on the
damaged property."  n30 Also, "if funds are used for something other than
repairing or rebuilding the home, the Homeowner should consult its tax advisor
regarding the taxability" of the grant.  n31

   The requirements for a Phase I grant are:

        (1) You owned and occupied your home as of August  [*880]  29,
     2005.

        (2) Your home was located in the Mississippi Counties of Harrison,
     Hancock, Jackson, or Pearl River.

        (3) Your home was your primary residence on August 29, 2005.

        (4) You maintained homeowner's insurance on the property.

        (5) Your home was outside the pre-Katrina designated flood zone
     (FEMA-designated one-hundred-year flood zone) on August 29, 2005, yet
     suffered flood damage as a result of Hurricane Katrina.  n32

   The following are covenants that grant recipients must agree to in order to
receive a Phase I grant:

        (1) Maintain flood insurance on damaged residence in perpetuity.

        (2) Rebuild or repair to applicable codes and local ordinances.

        (3) Rebuild to newly recommended FEMA flood elevations.

        (4) Manufactured housing (mobile homes) must comply with the
     Federal Manufactured Housing Code.  n33

   ii. Phase II

   Phase II differs from Phase I in that homeowners who live outside the flood
plain are eligible, but an income requirement of 120% of Area Median Income
(AMI) has been added. The maximum compensation level is $ 100,000. "MDA is
redirecting $ 700 million of the $ 3 billion initially allocated for Homeowner
Assistance Grants to the Phase II Homeowner Grant Assistance Program."  n34

    [*881]  Homeowners who fit the following guidelines are asked to register
for Phase II:

        (1) You owned and occupied your home as your primary residence on
     August 29, 2005.

        (2) Your home was located in Harrison, Hancock, Jackson, or Pearl
     River Counties.

        (3) Your home received flood surge damage as a result of Hurricane
     Katrina.

        (4) Your household income is at or below 120% of the AMI.  n35

   Homeowners receiving Phase II assistance will be required to demonstrate the
commitment to follow through on certain actions in exchange for compensation.
They must sign a legally binding document, which provides for the following:


        (1) Homeowner will maintain recommended structure and flood
     insurance.

        (2) The home they own and occupy meets the applicable building
     codes and local ordinances.

        (3) When rebuilding, the home they own and occupy complies with
     FEMA guidance for base flood elevations.

        (4) If the home is manufactured housing, it will comply with HUD's
     manufactured housing code and be elevated in accordance with FEMA
     advisory flood levels.

   Any homeowner that fails to meet all of these terms and conditions may be
required to repay all or a prorated portion of the financial assistance provided
through this program.  n36

   iii. Special needs

   Grant awards for homeowners who meet the criteria for special needs will be
calculated at one hundred percent of the uncompensated damage. Those who meet
the following criteria  [*882]  may be eligible for special needs assistance:


        (1) Elderly: age sixty-five or over as of grant closing date; or

        (2) Disabled: any person who has a physical or mental impairment
     that substantially limits one of [sic] more major life activities; has
     a record of such impairment; or is regarded as having such an
     impairment as defined by the Social Security Administration; or

        (3) Household income at or below sixty percent of the AMI.  n37

   iv. Elevation grants

   Eligible homeowners may also receive a separate grant of up to $ 30,000 to
defray the costs of elevating their homes. This grant would be made available to
homeowners who meet the eligibility and program requirements.  n38 Homeowners
who had flood insurance at the time of the flood and are eligible for assistance
from the National Flood Insurance Program (NFIP) are not eligible to receive the
$ 30,000, as they should receive a like amount directly from NFIP. "The grant is
for the increased costs of building to the new height regulations. Each property
may be subject to an environmental review."  n39

   Comments submitted during the public comment period suggesting the expansion
of Phase II to renters, owners of rental property, and homeowners whose homes
suffered damage from any source, among others, were rejected.  n40

B. Katrina Cottages

   The Mississippi Alternative Housing Program is a pilot program funded by FEMA
that is an attempt to implement an alternative form of disaster housing that is
safer and more  [*883]  comfortable than traditional FEMA trailers.  n41
Applicants are selected from an eligible pool of Katrina survivors through a
random proportional selection mechanism. Those who are eligible to participate
in the program must:

        (1) Have been a permanent resident in one of Mississippi's three
     coastal counties (Hancock, Harrison and Jackson) on August 29, 2005.

        (2) Be a resident of the State of Mississippi living in a
     FEMA-provided travel trailer or mobile home in one of the three
     coastal counties as of April 1, 2007.

        (3) Be listed with FEMA as the applicant or co-applicant.

        (4) Live in the alternative housing unit for at least six months
     beyond September 1, 2007.  n42

   "Anyone who is not currently living in FEMA-provided disaster housing is not
eligible for the program . . . . [a] random, proportional selection will be used
to determine who will participate in the program."  n43

   The Alternative Housing program is authorized by § 2403 of the Emergency
Supplemental Appropriations Act for Defense, the Global War on Terror, and
Hurricane Recovery, 2006,  n44 and administered by the Mississippi Emergency
Management Agency. In addition to creating new types of units, the program is
aimed at creating new strategies for disaster unit management and creating the
opportunity for disaster victims to permanently reside in the alternative
housing.  n45

   The Mississippi program consists of two projects--the  [*884]  "Green Mobile"
project and the "Park Model and Mississippi Cottage" project.  n46 The Green
Mobile project proposed to build one hundred energy efficient one- or
two-bedroom units from structural insulated panels. FEMA provided $ 5,890,882
for the project.  n47 Original plans called for a larger Park Model and
Mississippi Cottage project, funded up to $ 275,427,730, to build 7,261
one-bedroom Park Model units to replace FEMA travel trailers and 1,933 two- or
three-bedroom Mississippi Cottages to replace FEMA mobile homes.  n48 However,
expectations are now set at between 4,000 to 6,000 units.  n49 "All of the units
are modular, stick-built homes that can be converted into permanent homes."  n50

   In June 2007, the first Park Model unit went to Biloxi resident Katherine St.
Amant, whose home was destroyed by Katrina.  n51 As of June 2007, 247
individuals or families were approved for the Park Model unit; forty-seven have
been approved for the two-bedroom Mississippi Cottage unit; and twenty-seven
have been approved for the three-bedroom Mississippi Cottage unit.  n52 As of
November 2007, 655 units have been constructed, with 500 occupied.  n53

C. Rental Housing Development Programs

   As described above, the central component of Mississippi's Katrina recovery
plan consists of a two-tiered program of homeowner restitution. As originally
designed by the state, no  [*885]  recovery funds were devoted to addressing the
loss of rental property. However, following aggressive advocacy, MDA created a
small-scale rental assistance program.

   i. Small rental assistance program

   In 2006, the Mississippi Development Authority unveiled a new program
designed to "provide affordable rental housing by offering incentives for
small-scale rental property owners--owners of properties containing between one
and four rental units."  n54 The program is budgeted at $ 262.5 million dollars,
funded from the original congressional appropriation of CDBG Katrina rebuilding
money.  n55

   The program is structured to provide four types of assistance to landlords in
Hancock, Harrison, Jackson, and Pearl River Counties: (1) rental income subsidy
assistance; (2) repair or reconstruction reimbursement for Katrina-damaged
property; (3) reconstruction or conversion reimbursement for non-Katrina damaged
property; and (4) new construction reimbursement.  n56

   The initial phase of this program (Round I) is open to all ownership
entities, whether individuals, corporations, LLCs or partnerships. Non-profit
organizations are encouraged to apply, and twenty million dollars is reserved
for non-profits as a set-aside.  n57

   Qualifying owners must agree to abide by MDA and HUD's standards of
affordability, i.e., rents set at thirty percent of a tenant's gross annual
income.  n58 The owner must agree that all rental units covered by the program
will be rented to tenants  [*886]  with incomes at or below 120% of the AMI.
Additionally, the owner must agree to rent a majority of the rental units to
tenants at or below eighty percent of the AMI.  n59

   MDA began accepting applications for Round I of the small rental assistance
program on September 10, 2007, with a deadline for applicants of October 26,
2007.  n60 According to sources within the Governor's office, approximately
eight-hundred applications were received. Assuming each application embraced the
maximum of four units and was otherwise a qualified application, the program
would result in the rehabilitation, reconstruction, or construction of 3,200
units of rental housing.

   ii. Low income tax credits

   The chief program upon which the state is relying to promote the replacement
of affordable rental housing is the Low Income Housing Tax Credit program
(LIHTC). The LIHTC, created by Congress as part of the 1986 Tax Reform Act,
subsidizes developers of low-income rental housing by providing a complex system
of tax credits, which in turn can be sold to others.  n61 In exchange for these
credits, developers agree to restrict the rents on a percentage of their units
for a specified period of years and to dedicate those units only to tenants who
meet income limits.  n62 Specifically, the developer of a LIHTC property must
opt to have either twenty percent or more of the building's residential units
rent-restricted and occupied by renters whose income is fifty percent or less of
the AMI, or have at least forty percent or more of its residential units
rent-restricted and occupied by tenants whose income is no greater than sixty
percent of the AMI.  n63

    [*887]  III. CRITIQUE

   The most frequent criticism of the Mississippi recovery plan is that, from
its inception, it focused exclusively on the needs of homeowners and failed to
take into account the needs of renters, and low-income renters particularly. At
the local and statewide levels, this criticism has been advanced continuously by
many, if not all, of the grassroots and faith-based organizations participating
in recovery work on the Coast. Legal commentators have also noted the
discrepancy, with some going as far as to say that "[n]eglect and exclusion of
low-income renters has characterized Mississippi's plans for its special
allocation of federal recovery and rebuilding funds."  n64 Considering the fact
that only five percent of the recovery funds are proposed to be used for rental
property development, this criticism has considerable force.  n65 This criticism
is not simply an academic or theoretical one: twenty-eight percent of Coast
residents were renters at the time of Katrina, and the post-Katrina rise in real
estate costs does not suggest that the number of renters will decline in the
near future.  n66

   The failure of the state to devote any significant amount of the CDBG
recovery money for the development of affordable rental housing on the Coast is
not offset by the foreseeable rental development that will be stimulated by the
LIHTC. LIHTC developments, which have a reduced rent obligation of fifteen
years, do not promote long-term affordability. Moreover, while the program
provides strong incentives to develop rental property for those earning sixty
percent or less of the AMI and somewhat lesser incentives to develop rental
units for those earning forty percent or less of the AMI, the program offers no
incentives to develop rental units that are affordable to people earning less
than forty percent of the AMI.  n67

   Moreover, since the GO Zone encompasses forty-nine counties in the state, and
most of the non-coastal counties enjoy  [*888]  much lower land prices than the
Coast, there is no guarantee that affordable developments will be placed where
they are most needed. Mississippi Home Corporation data regarding those projects
approved for LIHTC development provide cause for concern. Specifically, of the
eight LIHTC developments placed in service since Katrina, only one is located in
a coastal county. Four of the developments are located in Hinds County, and
three of the developments are located in Madison, Lauderdale, and Attala
Counties. Stated in terms of the number of units created, 553 units have been
placed in service since Katrina, but only ninety-six of these units are located
on the Coast.  n68

   IV. POTENTIAL EMERGING AFFORDABLE HOUSING TOOLS

   In an effort to address the shortcomings and oversights of the state's
Katrina-recovery plan, housing and social justice advocates are working in
partnership with local non-profit groups to promote the use of additional
nongovernmental and quasi-governmental tools which have a demonstrated ability
to promote affordable housing.

A. Statewide Affordable Housing Trust Fund

   An affordable housing trust fund is another proven mechanism for promoting
affordable housing, though one which requires a dedicated source of revenue.
There are currently almost six hundred affordable housing trust funds in
thirty-nine states, with annual revenues of $ 1.6 billion.  n69 The affordable
housing trust fund promotes affordability by providing incentives beyond those
offered by the LIHTC.  n70 For example, the housing trust fund may cover land
costs and other pre development fees.

   In the aftermath of Hurricane Katrina, a broad-based  [*889]  coalition of
community groups, concerned about the obvious housing problem on the Coast,
created Housing Mississippi. Members of this coalition include AARP Mississippi,
Back Bay Mission, Coalition for Citizens with Disabilities, Deep South Delta
Consortium, Enterprise Corporation of the Delta/Hope Community Credit Union,
First Delta Federal Credit Union, Habitat for Humanity of the Mississippi Gulf
Coast, Lawyers' Committee for Civil Rights Under Law, Local Initiatives Support
Corporation, Lutheran Episcopal Services in Mississippi, Mississippi Action for
Community Education, Mississippi Center for Justice, NAACP Mississippi State
Conference, NeighborWorks America, Oxfam America, and Quitman County Development
Organization. Housing Mississippi is in the second year of a campaign for the
adoption of a statewide housing trust fund in Mississippi.

   The Housing Trust Fund proposal developed by Housing Mississippi would
include twenty million dollars per year in dedicated revenues to support the
fund.  n71 The Housing Trust Fund would be administered by the Mississippi
Development Authority and managed by an eleven-member oversight board.  n72
Housing Trust Fund money would be used to provide grants, loans, loan
guarantees, and/or loan subsidies to eligible grantees to fund residential
housing and/or related services to households with incomes at or below eighty
percent of the MFI.  n73 The Trust Fund provides for income targeting: one
hundred percent of Trust Fund dollars must be used to serve households with
incomes at or below eighty percent of MFI.  n74 At least sixty percent of the
Trust Fund dollars must be used to serve households with income at or below
fifty percent of the MFI.  n75 At least fifty-five percent of that sixty percent
must be used to serve households with income at or below thirty percent of the
MFI.  n76 The Trust Fund also provides for geographic equity: at  [*890]  least
fifty-five percent of the Trust Fund dollars must be used to serve households
living in rural areas of Mississippi Community Land Trusts.  n77

B. Community Land Trusts

   A community land trust is a mechanism that provides long-term affordability
of owner-occupied homes by separating the ownership of the land from the
ownership of the house built upon it. The land trust retains ownership of the
land and leases it to the owner of the house. Since only the house itself must
be purchased, the price of home ownership can become affordable. The amount of
equity an owner is allowed to claim upon sale of the house is usually limited to
less than market value to ensure long-term affordability. Although not market
rate, the owner nonetheless builds greater wealth than by renting.

   The North Gulfport Community Land Trust (NGCLT) is a 501(c)(3) non-profit
organization founded in 2004 to "address the environmental degradation, wetlands
filling, land speculation, and potential gentrification of the North Gulfport
community."  n78 This once-vibrant African-American neighborhood had fallen into
disrepair and was affected by serious flooding due to the filling of nearby
wetlands. This flooding was exacerbated by Hurricane Katrina.  n79

   The vision of the NGCLT is to rebuild a community by building new homes and
refurbishing the housing stock, but also by restoring Martin Luther King Jr.
Boulevard, bringing economic development incentives to the neighborhood,
developing community playgrounds and gardens, and initiating a strong community
arts campaign.  n80

    [*891]  The NGCLT provides permanently affordable housing through the
Community Land Trust model.  n81 This model, common among the nearly two hundred
Community Land Trusts throughout the nation, provides permanent affordable
housing to low-and moderate-income individuals and families through the ground
lease and resale restrictions. The ground lease allows the NGCLT to remove the
value of the land from the sales price, as well as ensure that the land is never
lost to speculation. The resale restriction ensures that any grants applied to
the purchase price remain with the home and not with the homebuyer. This model
is common among the nearly two hundred Community Land Trusts around the nation,
some of which are almost forty years old.  n82

   The NGCLT utilizes a number of tools to provide permanently affordable
housing through partner organizations and supporters. The organization is run by
members who are invited to become the Board of Directors. Legal partners assist
in locating pro-bono advice for land closings and other legal matters. Volunteer
partners, like Hands On and Youthbuild, provide much of the construction labor,
and the organization also seeks alternative homebuyer grants.  n83

   NGCLT's construction projects rely heavily on partnerships. For example, two
historic homes, one built in 1917 and one in 1925, were donated to the NGCLT to
be restored and sold to low-income clients at affordable prices. These two homes
were moved from their previous locations, approximately six miles away, to their
new sites in North Gulfport. Grants to restore the homes were sought and
received from the Mississippi Department of Archives and History, among other
groups, and volunteer labor was used to carry out the restoration efforts. When
all is complete, NGCLT expects to sell these homes at affordable prices to
low-income families in 2007 and 2008.  n84  [*892]  Since the storm, the Land
Trust has acquired two homes that are being remodeled and will be for sale to
low-income clients. One modular home was donated by Unity Homes and is serving
as the Land Trust office. NGCLT serves only those persons below eighty percent
of the AMI.  n85

C. ECD--Hope

   Home Again, Inc., is a project of ECD--Hope, a non-profit 501(c)(3)
corporation originally founded in 1994.  n86 Home Again, Inc., was initially
funded in February 2006 by Mississippi author John Grisham, Home Depot, and an
anonymous donor.  n87 The project produces affordable modular housing units in
Hancock County, the county hit hardest by Hurricane Katrina.

   Home Again, Inc., began by providing up to $ 80,000 in forgivable loans to
fifteen homeowners who met the following requirements: (1) they lost their home
because of damage from Katrina; (2) they are low- to median- income as defined
by HUD; and (3) they live in a designated area of Pass Christian.  n88

   Home Again, Inc., works in partnership with private modular housing
developers. The average cost of an unelevated home is approximately $ 88,000.
n89 If elevation is necessary, the average cost per home is approximately $
119,000.  n90

   A subsequent gift from Mississippi entrepreneur Jim Barksdale has allowed
Home Again, Inc., to offer up to $ 50,000 in a forgivable loan to up to twenty
additional families. To date, Home Again, Inc., has placed sixty-four houses on
sites, of which sixty-one are already occupied.  n91

    [*893]  D. Realtors Relief Fund

   An important effort to address the absence of programs directed at renewing
the stock of affordable rental housing is the Realtors Relief Fund, which is a
project of Lutheran Episcopal Services of Mississippi. Initially funded with a $
250,000 grant from the Mississippi Association of Realtors, the project was
designed specifically to create affordable rental units.  n92 As Bob Lowery, the
project's director, states, "this project was necessary because renters--an
entire socio-economic class--had been left out of the recovery."  n93

   The Realtors Relief Fund takes applications directly from owners of small
rental properties. The fund will go in fifty-fifty with qualifying landlords, up
to $ 10,000 per unit, in order to rehabilitate each unit.  n94 Lutheran
Episcopal Services, a 501(c)(3) non-profit corporation, obtains materials at
discount and much of the labor is provided by volunteers.  n95

   In return for the rehab assistance, owners execute a memorandum of
understanding. The owners agree to rent to median income tenants for one year at
the pre-Katrina monthly rental rate.  n96 For months thirteen through
twenty-four, the owner agrees to increase rent by no more than the federally
established cost-of-living increase.  n97

   Since its inception in June of 2006, the relief fund has rehabilitated twelve
units, all of which are currently occupied by renters.  n98 The National
Association of Realtors recently donated $ 500,000 to the fund.  n99

   V. CONCLUSION

   Hurricane Katrina's devastating effects fell disproportionately  [*894]
portionately upon low-income and moderate-income residents of Mississippi. The
recovery programs implemented thus far fail to take this significant fact into
account. The state has repeatedly sought and obtained waivers from HUD of the
congressionally-mandated requirement that fifty percent of the CDBG funds
appropriated for Katrina housing recovery be targeted towards the needs of low-
or moderate-income residents. As a result, the state's housing recovery has
failed to address the needs of a substantial segment of South Mississippi's
population, the very segment that was underserved before Katrina.

   Grassroots organizations on the Gulf Coast have aggressively advocated for
more attention to the needs of low-and moderate-income Mississippians. Over
fifty organizations have banded together in the Steps Coalition to promote a
more just and equitable recovery. These organizations include many mainstream
social service agencies, as well as progressive and reform-minded groups,
faith-based and otherwise.

   The efforts of non-profit and grassroots organizations have also resulted in
small-scale projects designed to replace housing stock with both ownership and
rental units. These projects serve as affordable housing laboratories from which
successful models could be replicated on a larger scale. The state's policy and
decision makers would be well-advised to invite the participation of others,
including members of the faith-based and social justice communities, into the
process of formulating programs to meet the remaining post-Katrina housing needs
of the Mississippi Gulf Coast.

Legal Topics:

For related research and practice materials, see the following legal topics:
Insurance LawProperty InsuranceFlood InsurancePublic Health & Welfare LawSocial
ServicesEmergency ServicesReal Property LawZoning & Land UseBuilding & Housing
Codes

FOOTNOTES:





n1  Joshua Norman, Death Toll Anything but Certain: Professor Leads Quest for
Most Accurate List of Katrina Victims, SUN HERALD, Sept. 30, 2007, at Al (citing
Miss. Dep't of Pub. Safety, Office of Crime Laboratories).





n2  OFFICE OF GOVERNOR HALEY BARBOUR, ONE YEAR AFTER KATRINA: PROGRESS REPORT ON
RECOVERY, REBUILDING AND RENEWAL 15 (2006).





n3  Barbour: Preparation Vital During Quiet Part of Hurricane Season (WLOX
television broadcast Aug. 4, 2006).





n4  GOVERNOR'S COMM'N ON RECOVERY, REBUILDING AND RENEWAL, AFTER KATRINA:
BUILDING BACK BETTER THAN EVER 51 (2005), available at http://www.mississippi
renewal.com/documents/Governors_Commission_Report.pdf [hereinafter GOVERNOR'S
COMM'N REPORT].





n5  See Mississippi Beyond Katrina, http://www.mississippibeyondkatrina.com/help
(last visited Mar. 18, 2008).





n6  See summary of MISS. CTR. FOR JUSTICE RENTAL UNIT SURVEY, HURRICANE KATRINA
DAMAGE TO MULTI-FAMILY APARTMENT COMPLEXES IN JACKSON, HARRISON AND HANCOCK
COUNTIES (2006), available at http://mscenterforjustice.org/about%20us/
survey.html. See also Priscilla Frulla, Apartment Losses Near 50%, 10,000 Units
Fell Victim to Katrina, SUN HERALD, Oct. 31, 2006, at B8 (citing Mississippi
Center for Justice Rental Unit Survey).





n7  See Deborah H. Bell, The University of Mississippi Housing Law Clinic: A
Local Law Office and Regional Law Center, 61 MISS. L.J. 501 (1991).





n8  CNN, Bush Gets Ground Tour of Katrina Damage, Sept. 12, 2005,
http://www.cnn.com/2005/US/09/12/katrina.impact/index.html.





n9  Jonathan P. Hooks & Trisha B. Miller, The Continuing Storm: How Disaster
Recovery Excludes Those Most in Need, 43 CAL. W. L. REV. 21, 27 (2006) (citing
GOVERNOR'S COMMISSION REPORT ON RECOVERY, REBUILDING AND RENEWAL 53 tbl.2
(2005)) (calculating percentage based on 10,228 low-income households out of
75,733 housing units exposed to surge).





n10  GOVERNOR'S COMM'N REPORT, supra note 4, at 54.





n11  Id. at 53.





n12  Tony Pipa & Steve Greene, Forgotten Communities, Unmet Promises: An
unfolding tragedy on the Gulf Coast, OXFAM AMERICA, Aug. 21, 2006, http://
www.oxfamamerica.org/newsandpublications/publications/briefing_papers/briefing_p
ape
r.2006-08-21.1978258942/Oxfam_GulfReport.pdf/?searchterm=forgottencommunities.





n13  OFFICE OF GOVERNOR HALEY BARBOUR, ONE YEAR AFTER KATRINA: PROGRESS REPORT
ON RECOVERY, REBUILDING AND RENEWAL 20 (2006).





n14  Pub. L. No. 109-148, 119 Stat. 2680 (2005).





n15  John A. Lovett, Rebuilding a Region: Housing Recovery Efforts in the Wake
of Katrina and Rita, 20 PROB. & PROP. 49, 51 (2006).





n16  Department of Defense Appropriations Act of 2006, Pub. L. No. 109-148, 119
Stat. 2680, 2779-80 (2005) (describing the Community Development Fund).





n17  Pub. L. No. 109-148, 119 Stat. 2680, 2779-81 (2005).





n18  Allocations and Common Applications and Reporting Waivers Granted to and
Alternative Requirements for CDBG Disaster Recovery Guarantees, 71 Fed. Reg.
7666 (Feb. 13, 2006) (Dep't of Housing and Urban Dev.).





n19  Housing and Community Development Act of 1974, Pub. L. No. 93-383, 88 Stat.
633 (codified as amended at 42 U.S.C. § 5301 (1974)); see also supra note 16.





n20  NIXON PEABODY LLP & THE MISS. CTR. FOR JUSTICE, GUIDE TO APPEALS UNDER THE
HURRICANE KATRINA HOMEOWNER'S GRANT PROGRAM OF THE MISSISSIPPI DEVELOPMENT
AUTHORITY 4 (2006), available at http://micdbgappeals.nixonpeabody.com
/Nixon%20Peabody%20Manual%20Peabody%20Guidebook%20to%20Mississippi's%20Ho
meowner%20Assistance%20Prgoram%2OUPDATED%20201-17-97.pdf (updated Nov. 17,
2007).





n21  Id. at 4.





n22  Lovett, supra note 15, at 51.





n23  MISS. DEV. RUTH., PARTIAL ACTION PLAN FOR KATRINA RECOVERY HOMEOWNER GRANT
PROGRAM: PHASE I at 2 (2006), available at
http://www.mississippi.org/userfiles/file/home_owners_assistance_
program/hap3606%20final.pdf.





n24  Id. at 4.





n25  Id.





n26  Id.





n27  Id.





n28  Mississippi Home Help, Katrina Homeowner Grants, Phase I General Program
Information, http://www.mshomehelp.gov/p1_default.htm (last visited July 27,
2007).





n29  Mississippi Home Help, Katrina Homeowner Grants, Phase I Grant Program
Guidelines, http://www.mshomehelp.gov/guidelines.htm (last visited Aug. 6,
2007).





n30  Id.





n31  Id.





n32  Id.





n33  Id.





n34  MISSISSIPPI DEV. RUTH., HOMEOWNER ASSISTANCE PROGRAM MODIFICATION NUMBER 4:
PHASE II at 2 (2006), available at http://www.mshomehelp.gov/p2_action_plan.pdf
[hereinafter MODIFICATION NUMBER 4].





n35  Mississippi Home Help, Katrina Homeowner Grants, Phase II, Housing Needs
Assistance Program Guidelines, http://www.mshomehelp.gov/p2_guidelines.htm (last
visited Aug. 13, 2007).





n36  Id.





n37  MODIFICATION NUMBER 4, supra note 34, at 4.





n38  Id.





n39  Id.





n40  Id. at 6.





n41  DEP'T OF HOMELAND SEC., OFFICE OF INSPECTOR GENERAL, EVALUATION OF THE
FEDERAL EMERGENCY MANAGEMENT AGENCY'S ALTERNATIVE HOUSING PILOT PROGRAM (2007),
available at http://www.dhs.gov/xoig/assets/mgmtrpts/OIG)07-39_Apr07.pdf
[hereinafter FEMA EVALUATION].





n42  Miss. Emergency Mgmt. Agency, Mississippi Alternative Housing Program,
http://mscottage.org/eligibility/ (last visited Aug. 13, 2007).





n43  Id.





n44  Emergency Supplemental Appropriations Act for Defense, the Global War on
Terror, and Hurricane Recovery, 2006, Pub. L. No. 109-234, 120 Stat. 418 (2006).





n45  Miss. Emergency Mgmt. Agency, Mississippi Alternative Housing Program,
http://mscottage.org/reservist/ (last visited Aug. 13, 2007).





n46  See FEMA EVALUATION, supra note 41, at 3-4.





n47  Id. at 3.





n48  Id. at 4; see also Miss. Emergency Mgmt. Agency, Mississippi Alternative
Housing Program, http://mscottage.org/reservist/ (last visited Aug. 13, 2007).





n49  Miss. Emergency Mgmt. Agency, Mississippi Alternative Housing Program,
http://mscottage.org/reservist/ (last visited Aug. 13, 2007).





n50  Id.





n51  Press Release, Governor Haley Barbour's Office, Governor Barbour Gives
First Cottage Keys to Biloxi Resident (June 21, 2007), available at www.governor
barbour.com/recovery/news/2007/jun/pr.FirstCottage.htm.





n52  Id.





n53  Keith Burton, Placement of Mississippi Cottages to Replace FEMA Trailers
Moving Slow, GULFCOASTNEWS.COM, Nov. 8, 2007,
http://www.gulfcoastnews.com/GCNews KatrinaMississippiCottages110807.htm.





n54  MISS. DEV. AUTH., SMALL RENTAL ASSISTANCE PROGRAM APPLICATION GUIDEBOOK I
(2007), available at http://www.mississippi.org/UserFiles/File/Home_Owners_
Assistance_Program/Sample%20Rental%20Assist%20 Documents/SRAP%20Book%201.4%201
0012007.pdf.





n55  MISS. DEV. AUTH., SMALL RENTAL ASSISTANCE PROGRAM CDBG DISASTER RECOVERY
ACTION PLAN AMENDMENT 1, 2 (2007), available at http://www.
mississippi.org/UserFiles/File/Home_Owners_Assistance_Program/SmalMentalFinal%2
06_12.pdf.





n56  Id. at 2.





n57  Id. at 1.





n58  Id. at 11.





n59  Id.





n60  Id. at 1.





n61  Megan J. Ballard, Profiting from Poverty: The Competition Between
For-Profit and Nonprofit Developers for Low-Income Housing Tax Credits, 55
HASTINGS L.J. 211, 212 (2003).





n62  Id. at 215.





n63  Daniel P. Cohen, Improving the Supply of Affordable Housing: The Role of
the Low-Income Housing Tax Credit, 6 J. L. & POL'Y 537, 542 (1998).





n64  Hooks & Miller, supra note 9, at 25 n. 13.





n65  Id.





n66  UNITED STATES CENSUS (2005).





n67  Ballard, supra note 61, at 235.





n68  Miss. Home Corp., Table, GO Zone Credit Authority Low-Income Housing Tax
Credit Direct 6 Counties [George, Hancock, Harrison, Jackson, Pearl River, and
Stone] (Sept. 11, 2007) (on file with author) (compiled at the request of the
Gulf Coast Renaissance Corporation).





n69  CTR. FOR CMTY. CHANGE, HOUSING TRUST FUND PROGRESS REPORT 2 (2007),
available at
http://cccfiles.org/shared/publications/downloads/HTF%2007%20final.pdf.





n70  Id.





n71  H.B. 896, Reg. Sess. (Miss. 2008).





n72  Id. §§ 3-4.





n73  Id. § 5.





n74  Id.





n75  Id. § 5(2)(a).





n76  The thresholds for income targeting are based on income data for
Mississippi's households. According to the U.S. Census, 61.5% of Mississippi's
households with incomes below eighty percent of the MFI have incomes below fifty
percent of the MFI. UNITED STATES CENSUS (2005). Of the households with incomes
below fifty percent of the MFI, 55.6% have incomes below thirty percent of the
MFI. Id.





n77  H.B. 896, Reg. Sess. (Miss. 2008).





n78  N. Gulfport Cmty. Trust, About, http://www.ngclt.org/ (last visited Feb.
19, 2008).





n79  E-mail from Jason Mackenzie, Executive Director, N. Gulfport Cmty. Land
Trust, to John Jopling, Co-Director, Affordable Housing Initiative, Miss. Ctr.
for Justice (Aug. 14, 2007, 20:51:20 CST) (on file with author) [hereinafter
E-mail].





n80  N. Gulfport Cmty. Trust, Current Projects,
http://www.ngclt.org/projects.htm (last visited Feb. 20, 2008).





n81  N. Gulfport Cmty. Trust, Vision and Needs, http://www.ngclt.org/vision.htm
(last visited Feb. 20, 2008).





n82  See E-mail, supra note 79.





n83  Id.





n84  Id.





n85  See E-mail, supra note 79.





n86  Telephone Interview with Jessie Lawson, Senior Program Officer, ECD-Hope
(Aug. 10, 2007).





n87  Id.





n88  Id.





n89  Id.





n90  Id.





n91  Telephone Interview with Phil Eide, Vice President of Housing, ECD-Hope
(Mar. 18, 2008).





n92  Telephone Interview with Bob Lowery, Director, Realtor Relief Fund,
Lutheran-Episcopal Services in Mississippi (Aug. 13, 2007).





n93  Id.





n94  Id.





n95  Id.





n96  Id.





n97  Id.





n98  Id.





n99  Id.


                             271 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                 Hidalgo County Herald (Lordsburg, New Mexico)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                 March 28, 2014

LHA to receive $127k to improve, preserve public housing

BYLINE: Hidalgo County Herald staff

LENGTH: 624  words


The U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development last week awarded
$5,510,630 to 33 New Mexico public housing authorities to make major large-scale
improvements. Lordsburg Housing Authority will be the recipient of $127,798.

According to LHA Executive Director Sandra Kolean, upcoming projects included in
the facility's 5-year action plan that will utilize this funding include
updating playground equipment, replacing bathtubs, updating kitchen and bathroom
cabinets, updating cooling system and ductwork, stuccoing units, replacing
toilets with water conservatives, updating water sewer lines and replacing
corroded sewer lines as needed.

Nationally, $1.8 billion was awarded to public housing authorities in all 50
states, as well as the District of Columbia, Guam, Puerto Rico and the U.S.
Virgin Islands, covering the nation's 1.1 million public housing units.

The grants awarded are provided through HUD's Capital Fund Program, which
provides annual funding to approximately 3,100 public housing authorities to
build, repair, renovate and/or modernize the public housing in their
communities. Unlike routine maintenance, capital needs are extensive
improvements required to make the housing decent and economically sustainable,
such as replacing roofs or updating plumbing and electrical systems to increase
energy efficiency.

"This funding is critically important to public housing agencies as they work to
provide the best housing possible for their residents," said Tammye Trevifio,
HUD Region VI Regional Administrator. "While the funding announced will never be
enough to meet the tremendous backlog of capital needs, HUD is working closely
with the Congress to expand efforts to generate approximately $6 billion in
private investment for the recapitalization of public housing."

For more than 75 years, the federal government has been working and investing
billions of dollars in developing and maintaining public and multi-family
housing - including providing critical support through the Capital Fund grants
announced today. Still, the nation continues to lose approximately 10,000 public
housing units each year, primarily due to disrepair. In 2011, HUD released
Capital Needs in the Public Housing Program, a study that estimated the capital
needs in the public housing stock in the U.S. The study found the nation's 1.1
million public housing units are facing an estimated $25.6 billion in
large-scale repairs

To help protect the considerable federal investment in public housing, and
respond to the growing demand for affordable rental housing, the Obama
Administration proposed the Rental Assistance Demonstration (RAD), a
comprehensive strategy that complements the Capital Fund Program and offers.a
long-term solution to preserve and enhance the country's affordable housing
stock, including leveraging public and private funding to make critically needed
improvements.

Since Congress approved the RAD demonstration in November of 2011, early results
show it is generating significant additional capital for public and assisted
housing. HUD has made awards to 60,000 public and assisted housing units in more
than 340 different projects across the country. Through these awards, housing
authorities have proposed to generate approximately $3 billion in-capital
repairs by leveraging private debt and equity, which will preserve or replace
distressed units and support local jobs in their communities - all without
additional federal resources.

Currently, the Department has received applications from PHAs for an additional
116,000 units under RAD. To support the growing demand for RAD, the President's
FY 2015 budget proposal requests to eliminate the RAD cap, which would
facilitate the the recapitalization of public housing.

LOAD-DATE: November 19, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Local Government

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: HDG

                      Copyright 2014 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                      Copyright 2014 Hidalgo County Herald


                             272 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                September 14, 1994, WEDNESDAY, FIVE STAR Edition

DEVELOPER SEEKS 2ND DELAY IN ACTION BY ZONING PANEL

BYLINE: Ralph Dummit Of the St. Charles Post

SECTION: ST. CHARLES; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 375 words


For the second time, a developer has asked the St. Charles County Planning and
Zoning Commission to postpone action on an apartment complex planned for Park
Charles South.

The commission had been scheduled to take a final vote Aug. 10 on a plan to
develop 8 acres at the southeast corner of Park Charles Boulevard South and St.
Peters Road. But the owner of the property had asked that action be postponed
until tonight.

Now the owner has asked for an additional postponement, said Steve Lauer,
director of the county Planning Department.

The land is owned by Maroon Realty and Building Inc. The development plan calls
for a multi-family housing complex with about 60 units designed particularly for
elderly people and retirees.

Some residents of Park Charles South had expressed concern that the apartments
might be occupied by tenants receiving rent subsidies.

Meanwhile, the planning commission will hold three public hearings on other
subjects tonight, beginning at 7:30. The hearings will be in the multipurpose
room on the first floor of the county Administration Building, 301 North Second
Street, St. Charles.

One of the hearings will be on a request to rezone 33 acres on the east side of
Jacobs Station Road about 1,300 feet south of Towers Road. The land is now zoned
for single-family houses with lots of at least 1 acre. The owners seek rezoning
to allow for houses on lots of 15,000 square feet or more.

The owners also want the land zoned as a planned residential district, which
allows variations from the stricter residential zoning designation. The owners
are Royce H. and Carolyn Horenkamp and Herman G. and Pauline Horenkamp.

Another hearing tonight will be on a request to rezone about 1 acre to allow for
a commercial use on the southwest corner of the South Service Road of Interstate
70 at Roeper Drive. The property is zoned for residential use. The owners are
Albert and Debra Hovis.

The final hearing tonight will be on an application by Albert J. and Paula Dames
to rezone 8.65 acres on the north side of Flatwoods Road about 2,800 feet east
of Highway Y. The land is zoned for heavy industry. The owners want it zoned for
agriculture, with a minimum requirement of 5 acres for each residence.

LOAD-DATE: September 15, 1994

LANGUAGE: English

                  Copyright 1994 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.


                             273 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       The Journal-News (Hamilton, Ohio)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                          December 16, 2015 Wednesday

Liberty Twp. trustees nix $50M project after residents voice concerns

BYLINE: Eric Schwartzberg, Journal-News, Hamilton, Ohio

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 570 words


Dec. 16--LIBERTY TWP. -- Residents here managed to halt a nearly $50 million
mixed-use project along 48 acres on Ohio 747 between Kyles Station and Millikin
roads.

The project, named Muncy Farm, called for 54,310-square-feet of retail space
spread across three separate, single-story buildings on approximately nine
acres, according to Schumacher Dugan Construction.

Office and retail would be combined into one 19,200-square-foot, single-story
building on approximately 4.7 acres.

But what residents vocally -- and repeatedly -- objected to Tuesday night were
plans at the site for 56 townhomes and 260 luxury apartments on 30 acres.

Liberty Twp. trustees on Tuesday night voted to deny a zoning map amendment from
Residential-Agricultural District to Mixed Use Planned Unit Development District
and a preliminary planned unit development plan for the project.

Both had previously been recommended for approval by the Butler County Planning
Commission and the Liberty Township Zoning Commission.

Saying such a develop would irrevocably damage property values, residents urged
trustees to vote down any measure that would allow the project to proceed.

Jon Maxwell said he knew that someday, something would be built behind his
Oakview Court home, but he is "not OK" with it being apartments.

"Nobody takes care of rental property," Maxwell said. "Nobody cares. They have
no stake in it."

He and other residents questioned whether there was that much of a need for
apartments to construct such a complex. Even if a fence separated the two
communities, some residents claimed property values and safety would decline, as
well as the community's family-driven lifestyle.

"We want people that we can go over there and see -- a young couple that's just
graduated college and they're having babies. We don't want to see transient
folks come in," Maxwell said.

Tammy Oxley, of Princeton-Glendale Road, said she's lived in Liberty Twp. since
1965 and worries that any "luxury" apartment complex could turn to low-income
housing if the demand doesn't materialize.

"I don't think we need multi-units of people coming into a small area," Oxley
said. "I'd rather see individual housing, not apartment units."

Trustee Vice President Tom Farrell said looking at well-designed plans for the
site was different from examining aerial photographs of how close the apartments
would be to existing homes.

"I don't think this was as well thought out as it should have been," Farrell
said.

Trustee President David Kern said having a development that transitions from
commercial and multi-family fronting Ohio 747 to single-family housing closer to
the existing community would be better than one that puts multi-family
apartments abutting existing homes.

"It's clear that there would be, I think, an injustice done," he said.

Chris Wunnenberg, director of development for Schumacher Dugan Construction,
said the company brought a plan that met the township's mixed use requirements,
but will work to see what is "most appropriate" for the site and try again.

"It's hard to argue with somebody saying 'Gee, I don't want it in my backyard'
because the property's in their backyard," he said. "We'll work with the
township, with the zoning department and the trustees and try to bring a plan
that they can support."

___ (c)2015 the Journal-News (Hamilton, Ohio) Visit the Journal-News (Hamilton,
Ohio) at www.journal-news.com Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: December 17, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20151216-HL-Liberty-Twp-trustees-nix-50M-project-after-residents-voice-concerns-
1216-20151216

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: HL


                        Copyright 2015 The Journal-News


                             274 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              Chicago Daily Herald

                             March 30, 2007 Friday
                       C2 Edition; C4 Edition; C7 Edition

Village requires landlords to attend crime seminar

BYLINE: Steve Zalusky, Daily Herald Staff Writer

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 479 words


Mount Prospect is rolling out its expanded Crime Free Housing Program.

Information letters were sent out this week to licensed property owners, as well
as to those required to be licensed under the new Crime Free Housing ordinance,
said the program's coordinator, Patrick Lyons.

The ordinance, passed this month by the village board, says the village will not
issue a residential operator's license until the landlord or his agent has
attended and successfully completed the village's crime-free seminar by June.

Since all landlords will not be able to meet the June deadline, a conditional
license will be issued, subject to completion of the seminar by October.

Seminars will be offered from May 8 through Aug. 28 at the Mount Prospect
Community Center, located at the village hall, 50 S. Emerson St.

The Crime Free Housing Program is designed to help residents, owners and
managers of rental property keep drugs and other illegal activity off their
property.

Under the program, all landlords, not only of multi-family rental units but
single-family as well, are required to obtain a residential operator's license,
which costs $40 per rental unit or $75, whichever is greater.

In addition, the ordinance requires the use of a crime-free lease addendum or
similar wording in the body of the lease that makes criminal activity a cause
for eviction.

Also, a landlord could face suspension or revocation of his license, if he fails
to attempt to resolve problems on his property.

The program has three phases:

- Crime Free Housing manager training, in which a free eight- hour seminar is
presented by the police department.

- Crime prevention through environmental design audit, to certify that the
rental property has met minimum security requirements for residents.

- Safety social meeting for renters.

Lyons said the village is offering a 10 percent discount on license fees if
landlords complete all three phases of the program and become fully certified.

Mount Prospect police Crime Prevention Officer William Roscop said the village
began the Crime Free Housing Program in the 1990s on a volunteer basis.

"We had a similar program to this back in the mid-'90s and it was identical to
what we're doing now, except for the fact that there was no ordinance to back it
up."

Roscop said the aim is not just to reduce crime but to achieve the broader goal
of enhancing the standard of living.

"Crime reduction is just one of the many benefits of the project.

"There may be zero crime in a particular unit, and we want to keep it that way."

One of the benefits for the village is the sharing of information among
departments and the resulting increase in knowledge.

Lyons said the police department and the village's community development
department will be sharing information, "So we would be aware of any building
issues, and they would be aware of any criminal issues."

szalusky@dailyherald.com

LOAD-DATE: April 3, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2007 Paddock Publications, Inc.


                             275 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                     May 30, 2002, Thursday, FINAL EDITION

Housing aid soon could come with strings attached

BYLINE: Barbara Hagenbaugh

SECTION: MONEY; Pg. 2B

LENGTH: 309 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON

WASHINGTON -- Americans who receive government housing aid should be required to
work, a panel created by Congress to tackle the USA's affordable housing problem
is expected to say today.

The panel also will recommend that Congress create a variety of tax credits to
boost the amount of housing for low-income families, according to a summary of
the Millennial Housing Commission's report obtained by USA TODAY.


Congress established the panel in September 2000 to study the lack of affordable
housing in the USA, which some experts say has reached crisis levels. From 1991
to 2001, housing prices rose 52% while family incomes increased 45%, even though
the number of two-income families grew. Rental costs also have escalated.

"There is simply not enough affordable housing," the summary says. "The
challenge is most acute for rental housing in high-cost areas, and the most
egregious problem is for the very poor."

The report outlines recommendations but does not specify how much money, which
would have to be allocated by Congress, should be devoted to the issue.

Among the recommendations:

 * The most controversial is the work requirement, which some housing advocates
say could put the most needy on the street. They ask what would happen to
someone who was laid off? Plus, many people who receive aid are elderly or
disabled and can't work, they say. But the report argues programs that base aid
on income create a disincentive to work.

 * Create a tax credit for people who build or rehabilitate homes for low-income
families. The panel also recommends Congress give greater leeway to states to
issue tax-exempt debt for companies to build multi-family rental housing.

 * Give tax breaks to low-cost apartment building owners who sell to groups that
preserve the properties for low-income renters.

LOAD-DATE: May 30, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 2002 Gannett Company, Inc.


                             276 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                      Copyright 2016 Zoom Information Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                            Zoom Company Information

                                   July 2016

                                 Common Ground

                         505 Eighth Avenue  15Th Floor
                              New York,  NY 10018
                                 United States

* * * * * * * * * * COMMUNICATIONS * * * * * * * * * *
TELEPHONE: (212) 389-9300
FAX: (212) 471-0825
URL: www.commonground.org

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
EMPLOYEES: 375

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *

   Common Ground is a nonprofit organization dedicated to creating and
preserving affordable housing for people with low income and special needs in
Washington state. Since 1980, Common Ground has assisted in the development of
over 3,000 units of housing. Common Ground develops housing for sponsoring
organizations; provides technical assistance to strengthen housing
organizations' capacities to develop, own, and manage housing; and offers
planning and program development services to most effectively use limited public
and private housing resources. It helps create both transitional and permanent
housing, with many projects offering supportive services to meet the special
needs of residents. Common Ground assists with the development of rental housing
and homes for ownership; while multi-family rental projects are most common,
other models include co-housing, community land trust, mixed-use
commercial/residential, attached and detached single family homes.  Founded in
1921, family and employee owned HomeStreet Bank is one of the largest private
banks in the Northwest. Headquartered in Seattle, the company has assets of
$1.65 billion and a network of 30 branches in the Northwest and Hawaii.

LOAD-DATE: July 14, 2016


                             277 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                 Hidalgo County Herald (Lordsburg, New Mexico)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                August 16, 2013

LHA awarded $120,374 to maintain housing for families, seniors

BYLINE: Hidalgo County Herald staff

LENGTH: 694  words


U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development Secretary Shaun Donovan last
week awarded public housing authorities in New Mexico $5,382,243 that will be
used to make major large-scale improvements to their public housing assets.
Among that distribution, Lordsburg Housing Authority will receive $120,375.

The grants announced are part of HUD's Capital Fund Program, which provides
funding annually to all public housing authorities to build, repair, renovate
and/or modernize the public housing in their communities. The authorities use
the funding to do large-scale improvements to the housing such as new roofs or
to make energy-efficient upgrades to replace old plumbing and electrical
systems.

According to LHA Executive Director Sandra Kolean, when it comes to spending
this money, her facility will turn to its' 5-year plan for guidance. Topping the
list will include new, more efficient windows and toilets, new bathtubs, door
frame repairs and new evaporative coolers.

"This funding is critical for housing authorities to maintain and improve public
housing conditions for their residents," said Donovan. "However, with a
significant repair backlog, I am encouraged by new, innovative long-term
solutions HUD is exploring that can be combined with this funding to not only
protect and preserve this housing for the next generation, but to also build the
quality infrastructure necessary for families to thrive."

"Housing authorities in New Mexico count on this funding to maintain and improve
their public housing for many families, especially the most vulnerable - our
seniors," said Mark Brezina, Acting Regional Administrator. "HUD is currently
taking bold steps to preserve this affordable housing."

Capital Fund grants are awarded each year to the nation's approximately 3,100
public housing agencies through a formula that considers number, type and age of
units in a community. Eligible uses for this funding include development,
financing and modernization of the public housing units as well as management
improvements at the public housing authority.

Over the past 75 years, the federal government has been working and investing
billions of dollars in developing and maintaining public and multi-family
housing - including providing critical support through the Capital Fund grants
announced today. Still, the nation continues to lose approximately 10,000 public
housing units annually, primarily due to disrepair. In 2011, HUD released
Capital Needs in the Public Housing Program, a study that estimated the capital
needs in the public housing stock. The study found the nation's 1.2 million
public housing units are facing an estimated $25.6 billion in large-scale
repairs. Unlike routine maintenance, capital needs are extensive improvements
required to make the housing decent and economically sustainable, such as
replacing roofs or updating plumbing and electrical systems to increase energy
efficiency.

To help protect the considerable federal investment and respond to the growing
demand for affordable rental housing, the Obama Administration proposed the
Rental Assistance Demonstration (RAD), a comprehensive strategy that complements
the Capital Fund Program and offers a long-term solution to preserve and enhance
the country's affordable housing stock, including leveraging public and private
funding to make critically needed improvements.

Since Congress approved the demonstration, early results show it is already
generating additional capital for public and assisted housing. After opening RAD
application periods last summer, HUD has approved or given initial approval to
nearly 20,000 public and assisted housing units in 180 different projects across
the country. Through these awards, housing authorities have proposed to generate
close to $816 million in private debt and equity investments to reduce the
capital backlog in public housing properties, which will preserve or replace
distressed units and support local jobs in their communities - all without
additional federal resources.

HUD also recently issued new RAD guidance that expands the program's flexibility
that will benefit current and future applicants and participants.

LOAD-DATE: June 27, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Accomplishment

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: HDG

                      Copyright 2013 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                      Copyright 2013 Hidalgo County Herald


                             278 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                    The Daily Telegram (Superior, Wisconsin)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                            January 5, 2016 Tuesday

City, county face housing challenge

BYLINE: Shelley Nelson, Superior Telegram, Wis.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 875 words


Jan. 05--Superior and Douglas County face significant challenges when it comes
to housing, according to a study by Maxfield Research and Consulting that
assessed the city and county's housing market.

Over the next 10 years, 1,939 new housing units would be needed county-wide --
934 units in the city alone -- across all categories of housing to meet demand.

"I think the numbers were pretty surprising to me," said Douglas County
Administrator Andy Lisak. "It shouldn't be but when you look at it, it's almost
2,000 housing units between now and 2025. That's 200 a year. It blows your mind
especially in a community that hasn't seen a lot of new housing units a year,
not only in the city but the whole county."

Since 2010, fewer than 90 new units were permitted annually county-wide except
in 2014, when construction began on Grand Central Plaza in Superior. The 50-unit
senior apartment building brought the total to 122 units permitted in 2014.

When it opened this year, Grand Central Plaza was full with three people on a
waiting list for every apartment filled.

The city and county joined forces last spring to commission the study to
determine the market demand for housing development.

"It's no secret we've got some old housing stock," said Jason Serck, economic
development, port and planning director. "We've got some poor housing stock. And
we've got what we thought, and its confirmed here, is a demand for not only
single-family new, but also market rate rental new. We really wanted to confirm
that with this."

Single family homes accounts for the majority of housing -- more than 70
percent, but the study reveals the aging population and snowbirds are seeking
low maintenance housing options as they downsize from their family homes.

According to the study, the biggest unmet demand for housing is rental units,
with 644 new units needed over the next 10 years in Superior. With vacancy rates
of 3 percent -- 0 percent for subsidized housing -- people have insufficient
options to rent in Superior.

"Anecdotally, we hear this all the time from people. 'I was looking for this
type of housing and I can't find it here,'" Serck said. "'I was looking for a
rental in a building and I just can't find it.' ... That wasn't surprising to
me." However, he said he was still surprised by the city's very low vacancy
rate.

"We had two employees who came on board last April," Lisak said. "Their horror
story in terms of trying to find decent rental housing -- they just couldn't.
They said you either didn't have it or what was there wasn't worth the money
people were charging. There's not only a demand; there's a supply issue here.
The supply doesn't meet demand. ... They're struggling. They want to live here.
... If we don't offer people those options, they're going to go elsewhere."

Lisak said that helps explain the high percentage rate for people who commute to
the city for work from outside Douglas County.

But it isn't only rental property that is needed according to the study.

County-wide there is a demand for affordable, single-family, multi-family and
executive homes for purchase. While young professionals prefer to buy newer
homes, the study revealed they are in short supply in the market -- with the
median build year of 1919 for single-family and multi-family homes sold between
2005 and 2014.

However, with the data available for developers and bankers alike, Lisak and
Serck say the county and city can begin to address some of the housing issues
the Douglas County faces.

Lisak said the study gives the city and county the tools to help meet the
housing opportunities people are looking for so they can live closer to work if
they choose. The study will allow the city and county to do the same thing for
housing developers that it does in terms of other economic development issues,
being quick to supply answers, he said.

Serck acknowledged there will still be challenges ahead because of the cost of
building infrastructure and the environmental challenges the city faces because
of wetlands; however, he said the study could help solve some of those
challenges.

"I think after this is done we will be kind of revisiting our comprehensive plan
and kind of look at what other areas we need to open up," Serck said. "Our
comprehensive plan was based on smart growth, to look at what areas are close to
infrastructure and get to places. ... There will be challenges."

However, Serck said it gives the city and county the tools needed to approach
developers and banking institutions.

The housing assessment provides the information that people need to substantiate
projects as they weigh the cost and benefits, and the risks involved in real
estate development, Lisak said. The information in the assessment can help
mitigate the risk by demonstrating the demand, he said.

"What this study does is it not only quantifies the need, but it also qualifies
it," Lisak said. "It breaks it down from the demand for homeownership, the
demand for rental, especially market rate. It also talks about subsidized -- the
deep subsidized, the shallow subsidized -- and senior housing."

___ (c)2016 the Superior Telegram (Superior, Wis.) Visit the Superior Telegram
(Superior, Wis.) at www.superiortelegram.com Distributed by Tribune Content
Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: January 11, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20160105-DG-City-county-face-housing-challenge-0105-20160105

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: DG


                       Copyright 2016 The Daily Telegram


                             279 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                    The Daily Telegram (Superior, Wisconsin)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                            January 5, 2016 Tuesday

City, county face housing challenge

BYLINE: Shelley Nelson, Superior Telegram, Wis.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 875 words


Jan. 05--Superior and Douglas County face significant challenges when it comes
to housing, according to a study by Maxfield Research and Consulting that
assessed the city and county's housing market.

Over the next 10 years, 1,939 new housing units would be needed county-wide --
934 units in the city alone -- across all categories of housing to meet demand.

"I think the numbers were pretty surprising to me," said Douglas County
Administrator Andy Lisak. "It shouldn't be but when you look at it, it's almost
2,000 housing units between now and 2025. That's 200 a year. It blows your mind
especially in a community that hasn't seen a lot of new housing units a year,
not only in the city but the whole county."

Since 2010, fewer than 90 new units were permitted annually county-wide except
in 2014, when construction began on Grand Central Plaza in Superior. The 50-unit
senior apartment building brought the total to 122 units permitted in 2014.

When it opened this year, Grand Central Plaza was full with three people on a
waiting list for every apartment filled.

The city and county joined forces last spring to commission the study to
determine the market demand for housing development.

"It's no secret we've got some old housing stock," said Jason Serck, economic
development, port and planning director. "We've got some poor housing stock. And
we've got what we thought, and its confirmed here, is a demand for not only
single-family new, but also market rate rental new. We really wanted to confirm
that with this."

Single family homes accounts for the majority of housing -- more than 70
percent, but the study reveals the aging population and snowbirds are seeking
low maintenance housing options as they downsize from their family homes.

According to the study, the biggest unmet demand for housing is rental units,
with 644 new units needed over the next 10 years in Superior. With vacancy rates
of 3 percent -- 0 percent for subsidized housing -- people have insufficient
options to rent in Superior.

"Anecdotally, we hear this all the time from people. 'I was looking for this
type of housing and I can't find it here,'" Serck said. "'I was looking for a
rental in a building and I just can't find it.' ... That wasn't surprising to
me." However, he said he was still surprised by the city's very low vacancy
rate.

"We had two employees who came on board last April," Lisak said. "Their horror
story in terms of trying to find decent rental housing -- they just couldn't.
They said you either didn't have it or what was there wasn't worth the money
people were charging. There's not only a demand; there's a supply issue here.
The supply doesn't meet demand. ... They're struggling. They want to live here.
... If we don't offer people those options, they're going to go elsewhere."

Lisak said that helps explain the high percentage rate for people who commute to
the city for work from outside Douglas County.

But it isn't only rental property that is needed according to the study.

County-wide there is a demand for affordable, single-family, multi-family and
executive homes for purchase. While young professionals prefer to buy newer
homes, the study revealed they are in short supply in the market -- with the
median build year of 1919 for single-family and multi-family homes sold between
2005 and 2014.

However, with the data available for developers and bankers alike, Lisak and
Serck say the county and city can begin to address some of the housing issues
the Douglas County faces.

Lisak said the study gives the city and county the tools to help meet the
housing opportunities people are looking for so they can live closer to work if
they choose. The study will allow the city and county to do the same thing for
housing developers that it does in terms of other economic development issues,
being quick to supply answers, he said.

Serck acknowledged there will still be challenges ahead because of the cost of
building infrastructure and the environmental challenges the city faces because
of wetlands; however, he said the study could help solve some of those
challenges.

"I think after this is done we will be kind of revisiting our comprehensive plan
and kind of look at what other areas we need to open up," Serck said. "Our
comprehensive plan was based on smart growth, to look at what areas are close to
infrastructure and get to places. ... There will be challenges."

However, Serck said it gives the city and county the tools needed to approach
developers and banking institutions.

The housing assessment provides the information that people need to substantiate
projects as they weigh the cost and benefits, and the risks involved in real
estate development, Lisak said. The information in the assessment can help
mitigate the risk by demonstrating the demand, he said.

"What this study does is it not only quantifies the need, but it also qualifies
it," Lisak said. "It breaks it down from the demand for homeownership, the
demand for rental, especially market rate. It also talks about subsidized -- the
deep subsidized, the shallow subsidized -- and senior housing."

___ (c)2016 the Superior Telegram (Superior, Wis.) Visit the Superior Telegram
(Superior, Wis.) at www.superiortelegram.com Distributed by Tribune Content
Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: January 11, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20160105-DG-City-county-face-housing-challenge-0105-20160105

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: DG


                       Copyright 2016 The Daily Telegram


                             280 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                   The Vancouver Province (British Columbia)

                            October 28, 2008 Tuesday
                                 Final Edition

Strong contenders, differing views; Gregor Robertson, Peter Ladner tell how
they'll build city

BYLINE: The Province

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A9

LENGTH: 455  words


Homelessness:

- Gregor Robertson (Vision and COPE): End homelessness by 2015, secure
sufficient shelters until then, protect rental conversions, ensure slumlords
clean up their premises, increase support for outreach workers, hire a
mental-health advocate to advise on the addiction aspect of the problem and
partner with senior governments and industry to increase affordable housing
units.

- Peter Ladner (NPA): Get more help for drug-addicted and mentally ill homeless
people, more special-needs housing, diversify housing on Southeast False Creek
lands, offer more density for buildings with market rentals, push laneway
housing, look at using city lands for market rentals, lower parking requirements
to bring down new-home costs, look at developing parking lots at multi-family
sites for more market rentals, look at using city parking revenue for non-market
housing, promote secondary suites, encourage condos to allow rentals.

Crime

- Robertson: More money for community policing, target organized crime and
drugs, support all Four Pillars, including Insite, cut 911 response times, get
sex workers off streets,

- Ladner: More money for police, lobby for 30-strikes-you're- out laws, stress
drug treatment over expansion of Insite, community policing centres at SkyTrain
stations, train uniformed city workers as "eyes and ears."

Economy

- Robertson: Continue tax shift from business to homeowners, control taxes,
develop "sector incubators" to assist entrepreneurs, push creative businesses,
reduce red tape, rebuild small-scale economy in Downtown Eastside, push for
foreign-born professionals to work.

- Ladner: Continue tax shift from business to homeowners, develop three-year
budget planning with tax cap, attract more head offices, streamline business
regulations.

Environment

- Robertson: Integrate city's Sustainability Team with management team, grants
for small local green projects, push green building and retrofits, use clean
energy at city utilities, push transit, set up public bike rentals, expand
U-pass system, push waste reduction, especially at city sites, recycle green
waste, expand community gardens and farmers' markets.

- Ladner: Press for Broadway-UBC rapid-transit line, press for ban on plastic
bags, promote green design and carbon neutrality, ensure 2,010 community garden
plots by 2010, push for cycling, biking, walking and transit in a dense
downtown, introduce public bike sharing, expand bike routes.

Controversies

Downtown Ambassadors: Ladner would support expansion of the private security
guards; Robertson would cancel the program.

Civil City: Ladner would continue Mayor Sam Sullivan's high profile branding of
assorted street-order initiatives; Robertson would fire commissioner Geoff
Plant.

-- C.M.

LOAD-DATE: October 28, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:
Colour Photo: Mayoral candidates Peter Ladner (above) and Gregor Robertson offer
widely different platforms. ;

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


    Copyright 2008 The Vancouver Province, a division of CanWest MediaWorks
                                Publication Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             281 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                      The Vancouver Sun (British Columbia)

                            November 28, 2014 Friday
                                 Final Edition

Concert continues to raise the building bar; Ongoing commitment to excellence in
building earns five finalist spots

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. G9

LENGTH: 444 words


Shortly after the Canadian Home Builders' Association of B.C. established the
Georgie Awards in 1992, Concert was enthusiastically entering - and winning.
Concert's senior vice-president, sales and marketing, Rod Wilburn says: "Our rst
Georgie was 1993 Most Creative/Innovative Builder in the Design/Development of
Affordable Housing. Our 600 Drake rental property pioneered the micro rental
suite concept."

Over two decades later, Concert's Salt project in Downtown South tackles yet
another timely community issue - housing a ordability. Not surprisingly, Concert
and Salt are nalists in ve di erent categories, including Residential Community
of the Year and Multi-Family Home Builder of the Year. Located on a compact
building site of less than 12,000 square feet at the corner of Hornby and Drake
streets, Salt was designed as a uniquely attainable home-ownership option in a
market often dominated by costprohibitive luxury. It is a 31-storey highrise
with 194 modern suites and 3,326 square feet of street-level commercial space.
Of the 194 suites, most range from 475-square-foot one-bedrooms to
934-square-foot two-bedroom and den homes. Subpenthouse and penthouse
twobedroom-and-den homes were also released.

Vancouver architects Bingham Hill and Richard Henry Architect designed Salt to
be tall and slender. Form elements, glazing proportions, stacked balconies, bay
windows and relatively small oor plates reinforce this objective. The top ourish
adds an attractive shadowbox element, distinguishing Salt in the everchanging
skyline.

Salt was designed to meet LEED Gold green building standards. Seventy-five per
cent of construction waste was diverted from land ll and where feasible,
building materials were selected for local availability and recycled content.
Green roofs and landscaped amenity spaces utilize drought-tolerant, native
species to reduce the heat island e ect, storm water run-off and improve thermal
e ciency.

Furthering the objective of a revitalized community, the second-oor rooftop
terrace was designed for relaxation and socializing; community garden space lets
residents connect with nature and indulge their green thumbs. The north exterior
facade is home to a bold public art piece. In 2013, Concert was recognized with
a Platinum Georgie, which is awarded to companies that have taken home 25 or
more statues. Wilburn concludes: "Industry awards serve as a powerful signal to
prospective homebuyers that we do quality, industry-leading work that is well
respected among our peers. We are excited to again be recognized by way of these
prestigious industry awards." !@COPYRIGHT=© 2014 Postmedia Network Inc. All
rights reserved.

LOAD-DATE: November 28, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2014 The Vancouver Sun
                              All Rights Reserved


                             282 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                      North Shore News (British Columbia)

                             April 25, 2008 Friday
                                 Final Edition

City joins crime-free apartment program

BYLINE: Heidi Castle, North Shore News

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 10

LENGTH: 282  words


THE City of North Vancouver is joining 11 other municipalities in the Lower
Mainland and backing crime prevention in multi-family apartment communities with
the Crime Free Multi-housing Program.

Council voted unanimously Monday to support the voluntary crime reduction
program, which began in B.C. in New Westminster, in 1994.

The program's aim is to reduce crime in condominiums, apartments and other
multi-family neighbourhoods by setting rental standards and crime proofing
buildings.

Apartment owners, managers and residents work with local police, who administer
the program.

"I'm happy we're finally doing this," said Coun. Bob Fearnley, who brought the
idea to council last October in response to complaints from tenants living in
some areas of Lower Lonsdale.

At the time council voted to wait for a staff report and comment from the RCMP.
Both have responded favourably.

City staff report Lower Mainland buildings registered in the program experience
reduced crime. Cost savings to the community come through reduced service calls
to local police.

This is a proactive, voluntary program designed to reduce problems before they
arise, said Coun. Pam Bookham. It involves proper screening of tenants and good
management practices when it comes to security, she said.

As an incentive, council voted to reduce business licensing fees to property
owners and operators as an amendment to the city's rental premises standards of
maintenance bylaw.

"It should never come to the point where responsible tenants who pay their rent,
look after their suites, who live in harmony with their neighbours should be
forced to contemplate leaving affordable accommodation because a problem
arises," said Bookham.

LOAD-DATE: April 25, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2008 North Shore News
                              All Rights Reserved


                             283 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     Marin Independent Journal (California)

                              June 20, 2011 Monday
                              Correction Appended

As City Council prepares for debate, Novato remains a house divided

BYLINE: By Rob Rogers Marin Independent Journal

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 1103 words


With a year's worth of debate still smoldering in the background, members of the
Novato City Council are finally ready to decide which areas of the city could be
grounds for future growth.

Yet those on both sides of Novato's often-bitter housing debate are no closer
than they were a year ago to agreeing on just how much affordable housing the
city needs, what kind of housing it should be or where it should be located.

Members of many neighborhood activist groups are pushing for the City Council on
Tuesday night to approve the recommendations of the Novato City Manager's
Housing Working Group, which has identified eight sites throughout the city that
could be rezoned to support housing.

"We support the idea of housing done right: low-density housing that is
dispersed throughout the neighborhoods," said Toni Shroyer, of Citizens for
Balanced Housing. "High-density, low-income, multi-family rentals have failed,
and are failing right now in Novato."

At the same time, many supporters of affordable housing have criticized the
working group's recommendations, arguing that the concentrations of housing
units proposed by the group   20 to 22 units or less per acre, in most cases
are too small to accommodate Novato's housing needs, and are likely to be
rejected by state regulators.

"We'd like to see Novato approve a housing element that's likely to get
certified," said Whitney Merchant, the Marin field representative of Greenbelt
Alliance, a land conservation and urban planning association based in San
Francisco. "The city needs to be able to accommodate a total number of units per
acre at around 40 and up. And we're concerned that too many sites on the list
are not that big."

While the working group's recommendations are for housing densities of about 20
to 22 units per acre in the eight sites it identified, the actual housing
density for those sites could be much greater if would-be developers take
advantage of bonuses for affordable housing guaranteed by the state.

"State law says that if a developer proposes affordable housing, the city has to
approve a density bonus if they request it," said Dave Wallace, Novato's
director of community development.

The state Association of Bay Area Governments requires Novato to provide enough
housing to accommodate an additional 1,241 housing units. More than half of
those units have been approved or are under construction in the city. The agency
has stipulated that at least half of the remaining units must be for low, very
low or extremely low-income residents.

Housing supporters point to a report released Monday by the National Low Income
Housing Coalition, which identifies Marin as one of the most expensive counties
in the nation for rental properties, as evidence that Marin's cities should be
willing to provide more affordable housing.

The report says the average price for a two-bedroom rental in Marin   $1,833
is unaffordable to 60 percent of county renters. The report is online at
www.nlihc.org/oor/oor2011 .

"We don't have a lot of supply   we're not building anything new   and people
are coming from all over to live in Marin County," said Melissa Prandi, whose
Prandi Property Management offices in San Rafael and Sausalito have been
managing and leasing rental properties here for 29 years. "We have to continue
programs of putting up low-income housing. We have a lot, but not enough."

But many Novato residents counter that the city has long shouldered a
disproportionate share of Marin County's affordable housing burden, and wonder
why state and regional regulators are constantly asking it to do more.

"Novato has 33 percent of Marin County's low-income housing according to ABAG
(the Association for Bay Area Governments), and we have 20 percent of the
county's population," said Leslie Schwarze, co-chairwoman of the San Marin
Compatible Housing Coalition and a former member of the Novato Unified School
District board. "It's not that Novato is saying 'enough of this in my backyard.'
According to the statistics, we've already done more than our fair share."

Housing supporters say the lack of land in Marin generally means that affordable
housing must be concentrated in cities like Novato and San Rafael   and often,
concentrated further within multi-story apartment buildings within those cities.

"If 85 percent of the land in Marin is protected by open space laws, then
communities like Novato and San Rafael have to be very aggressive and innovative
in looking at sites where they can build multi-family rental housing," said
Diane Spaulding, executive director of the Non-Profit Housing Association of
Northern California. "A no-growth philosophy is not realistic, because people do
come, and people have to live somewhere."

Spaulding and other housing advocates insist that Novato residents who oppose
the construction of high-density housing complexes in their neighborhoods have
misconceptions about what those rental properties would be like.

"My guess is that people in Marin who drive by affordable housing developments
every day have no idea that they're affordable housing," she said. "I would
encourage them to be open-minded with respect to their fears about change, and
about things like density."

That kind of talk infuriates many neighborhood activists, who say they are well
aware of the realities of affordable housing in Novato.

"Senior housing does a fantastic job. Housing for the handicapped does a
fantastic job. What have not been shown to be safe in Novato are multi-family,
high-density, low-income rentals," Shroyer said. "And that's no fault of our
police department, which has dealt with the situation with a skeleton staff."

Those on both sides of the debate say they expect Tuesday's City Council meeting
to be long, hot and crowded   and unlikely to resolve the city's division over
housing.

"I'm hopeful that it will be a positive conversation," Wallace said. "And I'm
hopeful that the council will let us know what it thinks, so that we can move
forward."

Contact Rob Rogers via email at rrogers@marinij.com

IF YOU GO

The Novato City Council will seek public comment on a list of eight sites to be
included in the city's draft housing element at a 6:30 p.m. meeting Tuesday,
June 21 at City Hall, 901 Sherman Ave.
The sites in question include the vacant properties at 7533 and 7537 Redwood
Blvd.; an RV storage site at the intersection of Landing Court and Redwood
Blvd.; property at 1461 S. Novato Blvd.; property at 1787 Grant Ave.; two
properties at 102 Hill Road; property at 1901 Novato Blvd.; properties at the
north side of Wood Hollow and Redwood Blvd.; and property at 495 San Marin
Drive.

LOAD-DATE: June 21, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

CORRECTION-DATE: June 21, 2011



CORRECTION:   In a story Tuesday about Novato housing, a quote attributed to
Whitney Merchant of Greenbelt Alliance should have read: "The city needs to find
sites that can accommodate a total unit count of 40 or slightly larger. Many
sites on the list are too small to meet this threshold." Also, a description of
a report by the Nonprofit Housing Association of Northern California should have
stated that the average price for a two-bedroom rental in Marin is 126 percent
of what a typical renting household can afford.

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


    Copyright 2011 Marin Independent Journal, a MediaNews Group publication
                              All Rights Reserved


                             284 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                  Times Colonist (Victoria, British Columbia)

                            February 7, 2017 Tuesday
                                 Final Edition

Avoid the impact of an eviction Tsunami

BYLINE: Kathryn Comerford, Times Colonist

SECTION: COMMENT; Pg. A11

LENGTH: 122 words

DATELINE: Victoria


The two-month notice given the residents of the Cook Street apartment building
and Christie Point is utterly unrealistic given Greater Victoria's 0.6 per cent
vacancy rate. I have a suggestion. In existing multi-family dwellings, encourage
the landlords and developers to give a longer notice of eviction by offering a
property-tax reduction for the length of time to be determined by the eviction
notice.

A property-tax deduction for a two-or five-year eviction notice would give time
for social housing projects and new rental accommodation currently being built
to be completed.

We do not want or need our existing homeless population and supports for the
homeless to overwhelmed by a tsunami of evicted people.

Kathryn Comerford

Victoria

LOAD-DATE: February 7, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Letter

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2017 Times Colonist
                              All Rights Reserved


                             285 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                  The State Journal-Register(Springfield, IL)

                            April 15, 2000 Saturday

Madison Park Place ribbon-cutting set

SECTION: LOCAL, Pg. 7

LENGTH: 264 words


The developers of the public housing complex being built to replace the John Hay
Homes plan a ribbon-cutting and open house April 25.

Gov. George Ryan, Springfield Mayor Karen Hasara and others have been invited to
attend.

LR Development Co., the Chicago-based firm in charge of building and managing
Madison Park Place, scheduled the ceremony, to be held at noon at 12th and Mason
streets, to mark the completion of the first one-, two- and three-bedroom homes
in the development.

The city's biggest public housing project is being built on the site of the
former Hay Homes between 11th and 12th streets, Reynolds Street and Clear Lake
Avenue. It will consist of 150 rental units and 44 lease-to-own houses.

Although the Springfield Housing Authority will retain ownership of the land,
the rental units of the $35 million project will be owned and managed by LR
Development.

The 33 1/2- acre development will have single-family homes, duplexes, triplexes
and multi- family homes centered around a 2 1/2-acre park.

The Hay Homes were barracks- style apartments that became infamous for drug and
gang activity.

Funding for the development comes primarily from such sources as the sale of
income tax credits to private investors arranged by LR Development. Added money
comes from a grant from the U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development,
using money designated for public-housing projects that employ private
developers.

Madison Park Place is the first new mixed-finance project to break ground and
complete units in Illinois using those HUD funds.

LOAD-DATE: June 29, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES: M1 ARTICLE VARIES

                   Copyright 2000 The State Journal-Register


                             286 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              Chicago Daily Herald

                            August 10, 2006 Thursday
                       C2 Edition; C4 Edition; C7 Edition

How Mt. Prospect wants to fight apartment crime

BYLINE: Steve Zalusky, Daily Herald Staff Writer

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 5

LENGTH: 360 words


Mount Prospect is talking about attacking crime occurring on its rental
properties. The target: Not only standard multi-family complexes, but also
single-family homes that are rented out.

This week, Police Chief Richard Eddington asked the village board to adopt the
kind of crime-free housing initiative that already is in place in Schaumburg,
Wheeling and Palatine, among other suburbs.

Eddington called for a five-year commitment by the village and asked it to hire
a program coordinator - preferably a retired police officer - to review crime
reports, check the status of landlord licenses and work with landlords to help
root out crime.

Eddington also called for an ordinance requiring managers and landlords to
attend an eight-hour seminar and include lease clauses making criminality a
lease violation.

Rental properties would have to undergo three phases to get certification:
management training of owners or managers; a police survey of the property; and
community awareness training.

The village would have the power to suspend or revoke a residential rental
license if a property is declared a nuisance - which it could be if a tenant
either commits offenses or allows them to be committed by someone else.

In 1995, the police department crime-prevention unit and the village's building
division began a crime-free multi-housing program, but Eddington said the
program has become a lower priority due to turnover in rental management and
ownership and legal proceedings resulting from allegations of discrimination.

Meanwhile, Community Development Director William Cooney recommended
single-family rental properties also be licensed, saying some property owners
have not been as diligent in screening tenants.

Mount Prospect already licenses rental properties of three or more units.

Cooney said the village licenses about 5,400 rental units in 46 apartment
complexes owned by 230 individuals - a manageable number for the two full-time
staff members who perform annual inspections. Adding single-family units would
bring in an additional 900 units - and require more staff, he added.

The initiative being discussed, he said, puts the onus back on the landlord.

LOAD-DATE: August 14, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2006 Paddock Publications, Inc.


                             287 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                       The Times-Journal (Condon, Oregon)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                January 19, 2012

Pioneer CDC housing rehabilitation program receives applications

BYLINE: The Times-Journal staff

LENGTH: 401  words


Members of the Pioneer Community Development Corporation heard that several
applications to the Corporation's housing and rental rehabilitation programs
have been received and are being processed.

Federal Community Development Block Grant and local Housing Opportunity Program
funds make funding available to qualified home owners and rental owners for
improvements that enhance the condition of homes in regards to health, safety
and weatherization. Information about these programs may be obtained by calling
the Pioneer CDC office in Condon, 541-384-3769.

The discussion continued regarding the need, or perceived need, for the
development of new housing to accommodate the hundreds of workers currently
associated with the wind industry and their families, and the many who will
remain in the county to maintain and operate the wind energy facilities once
they are all constructed.

Discussions include single-or multi-family homes; rental or home-ownership
assistance; spec homes or developments; researching the availability of local
property; acquisition and management of property; current economy conditions and
reasons behind the current slow housing market.

CDC Chairman Julius Courtney noted having a conversation with a wind facility
site manager, who indicated that work and social or leisure opportunities for
the spouses of the wind industry workers as a major reason why the workers
aren't looking for housing in Gilliam County.

No conclusions were reached and no decisions were made.

A meeting was held subsequently with area realtors Jon Hankins of Mountain
Valley Land Company and Linda Smith of Professional Realty at which discussion
centered on the considerable number of homes currently on the market, and what
it is that potential home buyers and renters are looking for.

While most are looking for newer, more modern homes to rent and/or buy, the
message that local realtors, Pioneer CDC members and local community leaders
want potential renters and buyers to consider, along with the properties, are
the amenities of small-town living, such as proximity to local services, relaxed
atmosphere, safety and low crime, community volunteer involvement opportunities,
cost of rentals, homes and utilities and friendly people.

The Pioneer Community Development Corporation will meet today, Thursday, 2:30
p.m. at the North Central ESD building in Condon. Pioneer CDC meetings are open
to the public.

LOAD-DATE: March 7, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Local Government

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: TJC

                      Copyright 2012 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                        Copyright 2012 The Times-Journal


                             288 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                    The Daily Globe (Worthington, Minnesota)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                               May 1, 2015 Friday

Nobles Home Initiative works to generate more housing in county

BYLINE: Kristin Kirtz, The Daily Globe, Worthington, Minn.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 349 words


May 01--The Nobles Home Initiative group gathered for a meeting Thursday evening
at the Bio-Technology Advancement Center in Worthington.

The topic of the night was the NHI Housing Construction Tax Abatement Program
that took effect in the spring of 2014. The group of bankers, construction
professionals, construction suppliers and elected officials brainstormed on how
to make this program more successful.

This program was created to encourage individual home builders as well as
developers of new single-family, multi-family and rental homes to build in
Nobles County.

The tax abatement offers up to a 100 percent property tax rebate for new
construction property value for a maximum of five years. The program expires
Dec. 31, 2017.

Abraham Algadi, manager of Worthington Regional Economic Development
Corporation, hopes to get more people involved in the incentive program
especially those that want to build rental property.

"We need 370 housing units just in Worthington alone between now and 2020,"
Algadi said.

Algadi explained that 100 percent of last year's tax abatement program
applicants were for single family homes. He wants the NHI to figure out how to
get more rental housing developed in the area using the tax abatement program.

Algadi said applying for the NHI Housing Construction Tax Abatement Program is a
simple process.

"You come to us with a form letter, and we sign it, saying that you are planning
on building," Algadi explained. "Then we take care of informing the county and
informing the participating school district."

Algadi hopes to keep the conversation about the tax abatement program going
throughout the community.

"We are here to seek help in how to get the word out to let more people express
interest in this tax program," Algadi said.

To learn more about the NHI Housing Construction Tax Abatement Program or to
obtain application assistance contact the WREDC at (507) 372-5515 or
grow@worthington-minnesota.com

___ (c)2015 The Daily Globe (Worthington, Minn.) Visit The Daily Globe
(Worthington, Minn.) at www.dglobe.com Distributed by Tribune Content Agency,
LLC.

LOAD-DATE: May 1, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20150501-QG-Nobles-Home-Initiative-works-to-generate-more-housing
-in-county-0501-20150501

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: QG


                         Copyright 2015 The Daily Globe


                             289 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                             National Mortgage News

                                 June 22, 1987

SECTION: STATE FINANCINGS; Pg. 16

LENGTH: 130 words

DATELINE: ROCKY HILL, Conn.


The Connecticut Housing Finance Authority is offering $ 100 million in
tax-exempt multi-family financing.

The financing offers long-term, fixed-rate non-participatory debt at an interest
rate nearly two points below conventional financing.

The CHFA said that projects financed with the agency's new financing program are
eligible for the low-income housing tax credit.

The $ 12 million Federal tax credit is designed to stimulate the production of
low-income rental housing in the state.

The CHFA also said it has raised its income limits for home buyers seeking to
take advantage of its 7.875% fixed-rate mortgages.

The new limits range from $ 32,000 for a family of three or less in Windham
County, to $ 55,000 for a family of seven or more in Fairfield County.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1987 National Thrift News, Inc.


                             290 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           December 11, 2014 Thursday

Civil Rights Settlement In Manhattan Federal Court Requires Major Real Estate
Developer To Make New And Recent Rental Complexes Accessible To All New Yorkers

LENGTH: 989  words

DATELINE: Albany


United States Attorney's Office for the Southern District of New York has issued
the following press release:

Preet Bharara, the United States Attorney for the Southern District of New York,
announced today the settlement of a federal civil rights lawsuit with the
RELATED COMPANIES ("RELATED") by consent decree. Under the settlement, RELATED
agrees to establish procedures that will ensure that its ongoing and future
development projects, such as the residential complexes at the Hudson Yards
development on Manhattan's West Side, will comply with the accessibility
requirements of the federal Fair Housing Act ("FHA"). RELATED also agrees to
make retrofits at four residential rental complexes in Manhattan - One Carnegie
Hill, Tribeca Green, 500 West 30th Street, and 529 West 29th Street - to make
them more accessible to individuals with disabilities. Additionally, RELATED
agrees to inspect its twelve other residential rental complexes in Manhattan
and, where necessary, make retrofits at those buildings as well. Finally,
RELATED agrees to provide up to $1.9 million to compensate aggrieved persons and
pay a civil penalty of $100,000. The consent decree was approved today by U.S.
District Judge Shira A. Scheindlin.

Manhattan U.S. Attorney Preet Bharara said: "For over two decades, the Fair
Housing Act has required newly built residential rental buildings to be
accessible to people with disabilities. Yet developers in New York City have too
often disregarded that requirement. It is encouraging that a major developer
like Related has embraced its obligations under the law by agreeing to establish
a process for ensuring accessibility at its ongoing and future development
projects and to make retrofits in thousands of apartments. We hope this
settlement will serve as a positive example for the developer community. But any
developer that continues to ignore its obligation to comply with the law must
understand that my Office is prepared to use all legal tools available to
enforce the Fair Housing Act and ensure that New Yorkers with disabilities have
full access to rental apartments in New York City."

The FHA's accessible design and construction provisions require new multi-family
housing complexes constructed after January 1993 to have basic features
accessible to persons with disabilities. In March 2014, the United States filed
this lawsuit against RELATED and two architectural firms, alleging that a number
of past and ongoing rental projects designed and constructed by RELATED and the
architects, including One Carnegie Hill and Tribeca Green, do not comply with
the FHA's accessibility requirements.

Under the settlement, RELATED agrees that, for every multi-family housing
project it constructs in the next four years, it will retain an FHA compliance
consultant to ensure that the building, as constructed, will comply with the
FHA's accessibility requirements. For example, the FHA consultant will advise
RELATED on the selection of fixtures and appliances and whether deviating from
the architects' drawings will affect accessibility. The FHA consultant also will
conduct a site visit to identify non-compliant conditions and recommend
appropriate solutions prior to the completion of construction. In addition,
RELATED agrees to institute policies and training to ensure that its own
employees and agents will comply with the FHA's accessibility requirements.

Further, the settlement also requires RELATED to make extensive retrofits at two
rental complexes, One Carnegie Hill and Tribeca Green, and to commit to
additional retrofits at two other rental complexes that have been inspected, 500
West 30th Street, and 529 West 29th Street, in order to make them accessible.
RELATED also agrees to arrange for inspection at its 12 other rental complexes
in Manhattan and, where necessary, to make retrofits at those properties as
well. Together, the 16 buildings covered by the consent decree contain more than
4,500 rental apartments.

Finally, the settlement requires RELATED to provide up to $1.9 million in funds
to compensate aggrieved persons. RELATED also agrees to pay a civil penalty of
$100,000.

The government's lawsuit also asserted claims against the architects of One
Carnegie Hill and Tribeca Green, ISMAIL LEYVA ARECHITECTS and ROBERT M. STERN
ARCHITECTS. The United States is engaged in active negotiations with those
architects regarding a potential settlement.

This settlement resolves claims against the developers in this eighth FHA
lawsuit brought by the United States in Manhattan federal court to rectify
inaccessible conditions at residential apartment buildings. The United States
has settled claims against developers in the seven prior cases through consent
decrees. A ninth lawsuit involving inaccessible design and construction of
residential apartment buildings, against the Durst Organization, is still
pending.

Aggrieved individuals may be entitled to monetary compensation from the fund
created through today's settlement. Aggrieved individuals may include those who
were:

Injured by a lack of accessible features at One Carnegie Hill, Tribeca Green, or
the other properties constructed by RELATED;
    Discouraged from living at One Carnegie Hill, Tribeca Green, or the other
properties constructed by RELATED because of the lack of accessible features;
    Required to pay to have an apartment at One Carnegie Hill, Tribeca Green, or
the other properties constructed by RELATED made accessible,
    Prevented from having visitors because of a lack of accessible features at
One Carnegie Hill, Tribeca Green, or the other properties constructed by
RELATED; or
    Otherwise injured or discriminated against on the basis of disability as a
result of the design or construction of One Carnegie Hill, Tribeca Green, or the
other properties constructed by RELATED.


In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: December 12, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             291 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          December 10, 2014 Wednesday

Civil Rights Settlement In Manhattan Federal Court Requires Major Real Estate
Developer To Make New And Recent Rental Complexes Accessible To All New Yorkers

LENGTH: 989  words

DATELINE: Albany


United States Attorney's Office for the Southern District of New York has issued
the following press release:

Preet Bharara, the United States Attorney for the Southern District of New York,
announced today the settlement of a federal civil rights lawsuit with the
RELATED COMPANIES ("RELATED") by consent decree. Under the settlement, RELATED
agrees to establish procedures that will ensure that its ongoing and future
development projects, such as the residential complexes at the Hudson Yards
development on Manhattan's West Side, will comply with the accessibility
requirements of the federal Fair Housing Act ("FHA"). RELATED also agrees to
make retrofits at four residential rental complexes in Manhattan - One Carnegie
Hill, Tribeca Green, 500 West 30th Street, and 529 West 29th Street - to make
them more accessible to individuals with disabilities. Additionally, RELATED
agrees to inspect its twelve other residential rental complexes in Manhattan
and, where necessary, make retrofits at those buildings as well. Finally,
RELATED agrees to provide up to $1.9 million to compensate aggrieved persons and
pay a civil penalty of $100,000. The consent decree was approved today by U.S.
District Judge Shira A. Scheindlin.

Manhattan U.S. Attorney Preet Bharara said: "For over two decades, the Fair
Housing Act has required newly built residential rental buildings to be
accessible to people with disabilities. Yet developers in New York City have too
often disregarded that requirement. It is encouraging that a major developer
like Related has embraced its obligations under the law by agreeing to establish
a process for ensuring accessibility at its ongoing and future development
projects and to make retrofits in thousands of apartments. We hope this
settlement will serve as a positive example for the developer community. But any
developer that continues to ignore its obligation to comply with the law must
understand that my Office is prepared to use all legal tools available to
enforce the Fair Housing Act and ensure that New Yorkers with disabilities have
full access to rental apartments in New York City."

The FHA's accessible design and construction provisions require new multi-family
housing complexes constructed after January 1993 to have basic features
accessible to persons with disabilities. In March 2014, the United States filed
this lawsuit against RELATED and two architectural firms, alleging that a number
of past and ongoing rental projects designed and constructed by RELATED and the
architects, including One Carnegie Hill and Tribeca Green, do not comply with
the FHA's accessibility requirements.

Under the settlement, RELATED agrees that, for every multi-family housing
project it constructs in the next four years, it will retain an FHA compliance
consultant to ensure that the building, as constructed, will comply with the
FHA's accessibility requirements. For example, the FHA consultant will advise
RELATED on the selection of fixtures and appliances and whether deviating from
the architects' drawings will affect accessibility. The FHA consultant also will
conduct a site visit to identify non-compliant conditions and recommend
appropriate solutions prior to the completion of construction. In addition,
RELATED agrees to institute policies and training to ensure that its own
employees and agents will comply with the FHA's accessibility requirements.

Further, the settlement also requires RELATED to make extensive retrofits at two
rental complexes, One Carnegie Hill and Tribeca Green, and to commit to
additional retrofits at two other rental complexes that have been inspected, 500
West 30th Street, and 529 West 29th Street, in order to make them accessible.
RELATED also agrees to arrange for inspection at its 12 other rental complexes
in Manhattan and, where necessary, to make retrofits at those properties as
well. Together, the 16 buildings covered by the consent decree contain more than
4,500 rental apartments.

Finally, the settlement requires RELATED to provide up to $1.9 million in funds
to compensate aggrieved persons. RELATED also agrees to pay a civil penalty of
$100,000.

The government's lawsuit also asserted claims against the architects of One
Carnegie Hill and Tribeca Green, ISMAIL LEYVA ARECHITECTS and ROBERT M. STERN
ARCHITECTS. The United States is engaged in active negotiations with those
architects regarding a potential settlement.

This settlement resolves claims against the developers in this eighth FHA
lawsuit brought by the United States in Manhattan federal court to rectify
inaccessible conditions at residential apartment buildings. The United States
has settled claims against developers in the seven prior cases through consent
decrees. A ninth lawsuit involving inaccessible design and construction of
residential apartment buildings, against the Durst Organization, is still
pending.

Aggrieved individuals may be entitled to monetary compensation from the fund
created through today's settlement. Aggrieved individuals may include those who
were:

Injured by a lack of accessible features at One Carnegie Hill, Tribeca Green, or
the other properties constructed by RELATED;
    Discouraged from living at One Carnegie Hill, Tribeca Green, or the other
properties constructed by RELATED because of the lack of accessible features;
    Required to pay to have an apartment at One Carnegie Hill, Tribeca Green, or
the other properties constructed by RELATED made accessible,
    Prevented from having visitors because of a lack of accessible features at
One Carnegie Hill, Tribeca Green, or the other properties constructed by
RELATED; or
    Otherwise injured or discriminated against on the basis of disability as a
result of the design or construction of One Carnegie Hill, Tribeca Green, or the
other properties constructed by RELATED.


In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: December 11, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             292 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                        Contra Costa Times (California)

                          February 26, 2003 Wednesday

More housing likely for Hacienda

BYLINE: By Chris Metinko; CONTRA COSTA TIMES

SECTION: F; Pg. 4

LENGTH: 639 words

DATELINE: PLEASANTON


Developers seeking to build more housing in the city's biggest business park
cleared another hurdle this week, getting a key approval for needed rezoning.

The owners of two parcels of land in the Hacienda Business Park received the
necessary two-thirds approval vote from the park's owners association to seek to
rezone their land for residential use.

Both developers still will have to petition the city to rezone the land, and
also have their projects approved once a firm plan is submitted.

James Paxson, general manager of the Hacienda Owners Association, said the vote
is an important start for the two separate residential complexes.

"This is a significant step," Paxson said. "We are all excited."

Paxson said the next phase is for both developers, working with city traffic
planners, to study the projects' impacts on local roads and traffic. Paxson
hopes the rezoning and traffic aspects of both projects can be studied within
the next few months.

The projects would add significantly to the park's residential area.

One project, proposed by Shaklee Corp., would involve rezoning eight acres off
Gibraltar Drive to build a multi-family rental complex. The other project, being
developed by Danville-based Nearon Enterprises, is a five-acre rental complex
adjacent to the University of Phoenix and ValleyCare Health Systems on West Las
Positas Boulevard.

Hacienda built its first residential development in 1987 and now has nearly 104
acres dedicated to housing. Paxson said all of the park's current land tabbed
for residential use has been built out and property owners would need to apply
to the business park and city to build any new housing.

Paxson said the city has shown a willingness to work with the park to build
additional housing.

Any residential development in the business park would help the city meet its
goal of more affordable housing units, and more housing units in general.

Any multi-family rental project would have to comply with the city's
"inclusionary housing" guidelines, calling for at least 15 percent of the units
be reserved for affordable housing. Such housing is set aside for individuals or
families those making 51 to 80 percent of the median income in Alameda County.

Paxson believes other areas of the business park could be developed for
residential use -- but not at the expense of more business space.

"We have a very clear indication from our owners that they do not want homes
instead of offices," Paxson said. "But they are willing to consider add-on
projects where housing can be built as a complement to a (business)
development."

Paxson said a recent study of the business park showed 35 percent of the
residents living in the park also work there. Such an arrangement where
employees live close to their work, he added, can be beneficial for the
employee, employer and city, cutting traffic and increasing worker productivity.

"This is a great opportunity for us to look at what we have and what we can do,"
Paxson said.

The city will receive a study on possible mixed-use developments in Hacienda in
early April from the Livable Communities Initiative, a non-profit group that's
part of the East Bay Community Foundation.

The Initiative, which funded the $60,000 study, went before the council last
month hoping for an earlier meeting. The council denied that, citing a busy
workload.

Ed Church, director of Livable Communities Initiative, said the study will look
at design, transportation and finance issues at the business park. That
knowledge will help determine what type of housing may be reasonable to build
there, he said.

"The idea is that everyone knows what the place looks like as a business park
... but what would it look like with a little more housing?" Church said.

Reach Chris Metinko at 925-847-2125 or cmetinko@cctimes.com

LOAD-DATE: February 26, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

             Copyright 2003 Contra Costa Times (Walnut Creek, CA)
                              All Rights Reserved


                             293 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                             National Mortgage News

                                January 7, 1985

Mass. State Agency Provides Apt. Funding

SECTION: Pg. 10

LENGTH: 314 words

DATELINE: BOSTON


The Masschusetts Housing Finance Agency will provide $ 49.5 million for 10
apartment buildings in nine communities throughout the state.

The funds for the permanent financing of the multi-family buildings come from
bond proceeds of an offering made by the agency this month, and a state program
to reduce interest costs on multi-family housing.

The $ 58.3 million tax-exempt bond issue was sold through an underwriting
syndicate led by Paine Webber Inc., and was sold at a true interest cost to the
MHFA of 10.21%, according to an agency spokesman.

Insurance on the interest payments to bondholders was provided by the Municipal
Bond Insurance Association, and the issue was rated triple-A by both Moody's
Investor Services and Standard and Poor's Corp.

Developers of the projects will pay less than 11% interest because of the
below-market rates from the bond offering and the state housing assistance for
rental production program.

The SHARP program uses state appropriations to write down the interest rates on
multi-family housing to make the projects more feasible.

Under the program, developers submit their projects to the agency and the awards
are based on those that require the least subsidy.

All of the housing projects under the SHARP program require that 25% or more of
the units be reserved for low-and moderate-income tenants, the MHFA spokesman
added.

The program was authorized by the state legislature in Dec. 1983, and $ 5
million annually has been appropriated for it.

More than 60 proposals for multi-family projects were submitted to the agency
for consideration by developers, he noted.

Moreover, for each $ 5 million appropriated, approximately $ 15 million in
housing is generated, the spokesman said.

The assisted apartment complexes will be built in Beverly, Boston, Canton, Fall
River, Greenfield, Malden, New Bedford, and Springfield.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1985 National Thrift News, Inc.


                             294 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     News-Journal (Daytona Beach, Florida)

                            August 31, 2006 Thursday

Board OKs next phase of HOPE VI

BYLINE: JOHN BOZZO - STAFF WRITER

SECTION: NEIGHBORS; Pg. 1C

LENGTH: 682  words

DATELINE: DAYTONA BEACH


DAYTONA BEACH -- Efforts to rebuild public housing here took another step
forward as the Planning Board gave its nod to part of a project called HOPE VI.

Planning Board members voted 9-0 on Aug. 24 to approve plans by the Daytona
Beach Housing Authority to build Lakeside Village, a project with 103 rental
townhomes.

Construction plans include 11 buildings for the townhomes on South Street west
of Martin Luther King Jr. Boulevard, as well as a community center and
recreational facilities.

Additionally, Housing Authority officials set aside 11 lots where they hope to
build single-family homes.

Approval by the Planning Board was final, with no further action required by the
City Commission.

Lakeside Village is one three projects targeting former sites of dilapidated
public housing. All three of the former projects have been demolished and the
buildings removed.

Lakeside Village will be built at the former site of the Martin Luther King Jr.
Apartments.

The other two projects are:*The Villages at Halifax on International Speedway
Boulevard where the Halifax Park development once stood. Plans include 50 senior
apartments and 21 rental townhomes.*Pine Haven on Mary McLeod Bethune Boulevard,
where plans include 136 rental townhomes and 54 lots for future construction of
single-family homes.

Although the previous project at that site was called Bethune Village, the
original name of the now demolished older project also was Pine Haven.

City officials need to weigh in on new designs for Pine Haven, which was changed
to provide a buffer for a bald eagle nest discovered on the property.

Construction at all three of the HOPE VI sites is scheduled for completion in
2008, required as a condition of the federal grants.

The Housing Authority received two grants totaling $24.6 million under a federal
program called HOPE VI, which means Housing Opportunities for People Everywhere.
A $17 million grant was awarded in 2003 and a $7.6 million grant in 2004.

SENIOR APARTMENTS

Also at the Aug. 24 meeting, the Planning Board voted 9-0 to approve plans for
The Meeting House, which will include 80 affordable units for senior residents
on Clyde Morris Boulevard east of Jimmy Ann Drive.

Construction will include two buildings, each with 40 units, along with a
community center and pool.

No further action will be required by the City Commission for the project.

TOWNHOME REZONING

In another action, the Planning Board voted 9-0 to pave the way for construction
of up to 25 housing units on Museum Boulevard north of Nova Road by rezoning
3.24 acres from single-family to multi- family.

Construction of townhomes is expected at the site.

Planning Board members approved the rezoning despite objections from the Museum
of Arts and Sciences.

We don't believe multi-family is the right zoning for this neighborhood," said
Wayne Atherholt, executive director of the museum.

Edith Shelley, Planning Board chairwoman, said she was concerned about the
impact on the museum and would prefer to see the entire plan before rezoning the
site.

I have great concerns over this property being the main entrance to the museum,"
she said.

If the City Commission also approves the rezoning, more detailed plans would be
submitted to the Planning Board for approval.

TWO OUTSIDE DOORS

New homes built in the city will be required to have at least two exterior doors
under a measure approved 9-0 by the Planning Board.

People are building supposedly affordable homes that only have one door," said
Samuel Rogers, Planning Board member.

Planning Board Chairwoman Edith Shelley thanked Rogers for proposing the change.

I myself was stunned that homes were being built without another door," she
said.

The City Commission will take up the issue of doors in September.

MISCELLANEOUS

Planning Board members also voted 9-0 on several administrative proposals,
refining rules for public notification of land-use actions, increasing fees for
those seeking changes to the city's land-use plan and updating information
developers are expected to supply the city.

Each of these proposals goes forward to the City Commission for action in
September.

LOAD-DATE: September 28, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Caption: See pdf or microfilm for locator map for HOPE VI sites.

JOURNAL-CODE: DBNJ

                Copyright 2006 ProQuest Information and Learning
                              All Rights Reserved
                               ProQuest SuperText
                    Copyright 2006 News-Journal Corporation


                             295 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Bangor Daily News (Maine)

                            August 7, 2013 Wednesday

Bucksport seeks applicants for $250,000 grant for housing fix-ups

LENGTH: 287 words


BUCKSPORT, Maine -- Bucksport was one of only three communities awarded a
housing grant this year through the Maine Department of Economic & Community
Development. Ron Harriman, grant administrator, explained that program funds
will assist single- and multi-family dwelling owners.


Augusta and Fairfield also received funding.


Funds will be used to provide grants to income-eligible single family homeowners
to repair such things as roofing, heating, septic systems, electrical, handicap
accessibility, replacement windows and doors, and the like in order to improve
safety and energy efficiency.


Matching grants also are available to owners of rental properties. To qualify,
at least 51 percent of the tenants must be income-eligible. The program is
designed to provide grants of up to $5,000 per unit to address items such as
those with single-family dwellings, but also to address code issues.


For both single family and multi-family programs, it is the property owner who
must complete an application.


The income guidelines, which are based on family size, for both programs are as
follows: one- person household, $35,800; two-person, $40,900; three-person,
$46,000; four-person, $51,100. Applicants must provide a copy of their deed and
verification of income. All information is confidential. Applications will be
available on the town's website bucksportmaine.gov, in addition to the library,
senior center, and Community Concerns food pantry; or contact the Community
Development office at 947-8595.


The CDBG office will conduct an inspection and obtain bids from qualified,
insured and reputable area contractors to complete the work.


Property owners are strongly encouraged to submit applications no later than
Sept. 30.

LOAD-DATE: August 7, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2013 Bangor Daily News


                             296 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        San Bernardino Sun (California)

                             March 17, 2008 Monday

Redlands council eyeing rentals

BYLINE: Andrew Edwards, Staff Writer

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 461 words


REDLANDS - Absentee landlords could soon find themselves as the city's next
target.

A request for council action warns that Redlands is home to substandard and
unsanitary buildings that exacerbate local crime and health risks while
detracting from surrounding neighborhoods.

Mayor Jon Harrison said by telephone Monday that he thinks Inland Empire
governments need to pay attention to blight.

"Those that don't participate may be places where we see problems intensify," he
said.

But the city needs to fine-tune its strategy first. Redlands is moving toward
putting a new law on the books that would require landlords to purchase rental
licenses, but that plan is not complete.

As currently proposed, the new law would give the city power to inspect
apartments and other residential rental property, require that landlords supply
City Hall with a confidential 24-hour contact number and also mandate smoke
alarms be installed in all rental properties.

City Hall has not yet figured out how much the proposed rental licenses would
cost. The City Council is scheduled to discuss today whether city staffers
should include in the law a provision that would reduce rental-license fees if
landlords participate in crime-free housing programs.

Redlands police have a Crime Free Multi-Family Housing Program built around an
eight-hour workshop that's intended to teach landlords how to screen renters,
work with police and manage evictions.

Karen Fricke, executive director of the Apartment Association Greater Inland
Empire said her organization supports Redlands' proposal if landlords can score
a fee reduction for participating in a crime-free housing program.

"We know for a fact that an educated rental owner makes a good rental owner,"
she said.

But reducing fees would require the city to find money to pay for the proposed
law's enforcement. Money is tight in Redlands, and the City Council recently
voted to shave $622,000 from the budget as officials expect sales-tax revenues
to decline as the economy slows.

Redlands currently employs only a single code-enforcement officer. Quality of
Life director Gary Van Dorst said he plans to soon hire a second, and putting
this new law on the books could require hiring a third devoted to looking at
apartments and other rentals.

The city's former community development director, Jeff Shaw, is giving the city
advice on the rental proposal. He said the city is following similar laws that
have been adopted by Grand Terrace and county government.

In addition to the fact that Redlands still needs to figure out a fee structure
for its version of the program, city officials also have yet to decide how
extensive rental inspections will be.

The council is scheduled to discuss the idea at its 3 p.m. meeting today at City
Hall, 35Cajon St.

LOAD-DATE: March 18, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2008 MediaNews Group, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             297 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                             National Mortgage News

                                August 26, 1985

Curtailing IDBs Said Bad for Rental Housing

SECTION: Pg. 8

LENGTH: 507 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Three to five years' supply of rental housing would be lost if efforts to
curtail the use of tax-exempt industrial development bonds succeed, according to
a spokesman for the Mortgage Bankers Association of America.

In testimony before Congress, Robert Fidler, senior vice president of Fleet Real
Estate Funding Corp., Brentwood, Tenn. and chairman of the MBA's insured
projects committee, said the loss of IDBs would sharply restrict the
construction of multi-family housing targeted for low and moderate-income
families and the elderly.

"The major incentive for low and moderate-income rental housing is tax-exempt
financing." Mr. Fidler explained, "which allows state and local governments to
use industrial development bonds for below-market rate financing for low and
moderate-income multifamily rental projects."

During the years 1978 through 1984, IDB financed rental housing ranged from 13%
to 34% of all rental housing starts, according to Mr. Fidler.  Last year 23% of
all rental housing starts were IDB financed.

Mr. Fidler said that budget cutbacks already have eliminated direct Federal
housing subsidies for new construction projects.

"The MBA urges Congress not to lose sight of the important social purpose of
affordable and available rental housing that is currently encouraged by the
present tax provision," said Mr. Fidler.

The section of the Internal Revenue Code that permits state and local
governments to issue IDBs to finance below-market multifamily rental projects
allows investors to receive a reasonable rate of return from rents that low and
moderate-income families can afford to pay, said Mr. Fidler.

He said that recent General Accounting Office and Treasury Department testimony
objecting to IDBs on that grounds of revenue loss does not really address the
issue.

The GAO stated that the revenue loss from IDBs issued in 1983 and 1984 was about
$ 2 billion.  The Treasury Dept. said the loss from IDBs issued in 1983 alone
was $ 180 million.

"If the Federal government's policy was direct spending." Mr. Fidler said, "the
funding for such rental housing would be much higher than the current tax
expenditure."

The cost of other programs is much higher, he said.

The elimination of tax-exempt financing for rental housing would result in the
needs of low and moderate-income families not being met, Mr. Fidler said.

Leo E. Zickler, president and chief executive of Oxford Development Corp.,
Bethesda, Md., also spoke before the committee and advocated the continuation of
the IDB program on behalf of the National Apartment Association.

"Rather than putting an end to this highly productive and effective program,"
Mr. Zickler said, "tax-exempt financing should become the focal point for
Federal housing policies that provide guidelines and economic incentives for
private industry to join with state and local governments to provide housing to
meet local rental needs."

Mr. Zickler noted that in the past the program has benefited those families with
higher than moderate incomes.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1985 National Thrift News, Inc.


                             298 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       Florida Times-Union (Jacksonville)

                            August 1, 2007 Wednesday

Affordable housing plan: Seek bids again;
The Mayport Road property had bids some considered too high previously.

BYLINE: CAREN BURMEISTER

SECTION: Pg. L-1

LENGTH: 503 words


Jacksonville will rebid an affordable housing project on Mayport Road this
month, this time seeking rental apartments that low-income families can afford.

A previous bid for the project on city-donated land next to Hanna Park attracted
four proposals for townhomes selling for $107,000 to $246,000. Critics noted
that houses in a private subdivision being built next door were $100,000 cheaper
than some of the townhomes.

Jacksonville housing officials took the criticism to heart. They sought a
marketing study of the area. The 100-page study by Realvest Appraisal Services
of Maitland showed the "best fit" for the site was apartments for families
making about 60 percent of the median income.

"There is a marked lack of affordable properties in the Beaches area," the
report said. "There is ample demand relative to supply ... and affordable
apartment development would be well accepted on the subject site."

Wight Gregor, Jacksonville's Housing and Neighborhood Department director, said
the city plans to advertise the project as affordable or workforce multi-family
rental by mid-August. A developer could be chosen by mid-September.

Then the city needs to rezone the property, which is designated for recreational
use, and amend its comprehensive plan.

Cindy Funkhouser, who heads the Beaches Housing Coalition, which criticized the
first bids in February, was pleased to learn the revision should attract
better-priced apartments.

"That's much, much more reasonable," Funkhouser said. "That's a heck of a lot
better than that first RFP [request for proposal] that came out."

Former Jacksonville City Councilwoman Elaine Brown suggested last year that the
city donate the land for affordable or workforce housing after 800 Beaches
families were forced out of their apartments and mobile home parks because so
many of those homes were being converted to condominiums.

The marketing study said 23.5 percent of the households within a 3-mile radius
of the site are qualified, or earn 31 percent to 80 percent of the median
income.

The median household income in Northeast Florida is $59,700, according to the
Florida Housing Finance Corporation.

Gregor said the project is still on schedule because of the annual application
cycle with that housing agency, which helps subsidize rental housing complexes
that reserve units for tenants who earn 60 percent or less of the median income.

Under that housing program, a two-bedroom apartment in the Jacksonville area
should cost no more than $814 a month. A utility allowance that comes with the
program reduces that rent to $716.

Gregor said the affordable housing bid doesn't specify financing arrangements.
But the developer will probably need the state housing agency's help to make the
project financially feasible. The cost of building materials and property
insurance would make it nearly impossible to rent the apartments at affordable
prices.

The only rent-subsidized apartment complex in the Beaches area is Orchid Trace.

caren.burmeister@jacksonville. com, 249-4947, ext . 6321

LOAD-DATE: August 2, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2007 The Florida Times-Union


                             299 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                            Crain's Detroit Business

                            December 3, 2001, Monday

Ann Arbor may face loss of affordable housing

BYLINE: Laura Bailey

SECTION: Pg. 35

LENGTH: 345 words


If thousands of HUD cooperative and rental housing units convert to market
prices when their mortgages are paid off, it will be at the expense of
affordable housing.

That would eliminate what may be the last sources of affordable housing in Ann
Arbor, said Pat Dixon, resident manager of Arrowwood Hills Cooperative in Ann
Arbor, which was established in 1970 and will be paid off in 2010.

''It will change the whole area of Ann Arbor until nobody will be able to live
here unless they are very well-off,'' Dixon said.

''The critical issue is loss of low-income housing stock with nothing to replace
it,'' said Charles Maulbetsch, founder of the Michigan Nonprofit Housing Corp.,
which owns 1,313 affordable senior and multi-family units in Michigan.

In Ann Arbor, the three-bedroom units in the city's five co-ops represent 80
percent of the affordable three-bedroom units, Dixon said.

At the 427-unit Colonial Square in Ann Arbor, whose mortgage will be paid off in
2005, the waiting list is six to eight years for a one- or three-bedroom and
about 2 years for a two-bedroom.

Owners do have options. For example, if an owner of a rental building loses a
project-based subsidy when a HUD-backed mortgage expires, it can choose to
switch to a voucher-based system, where the subsidy goes to the tenant, to keep
the property affordable, said Ralph Marcus, president of Farmington Hills-based
Marcus Management Inc.

A building owner also could sell to a nonprofit. For example, instead of turning
Walled Lake Villa, a mixture of affordable family and senior housing on a prime
spot on Walled Lake, into market-rate condominiums, Farmington Hills-based
Slavik Enterprises sold to a nonprofit and kept the housing affordable, said
partner John Frasco.

Frasco said Slavik could do that because of a government program that allowed
Walled Lake Villa to be sold to a nonprofit for the value of its highest and
best use, as long as it remained affordable. The government subsidized the
purchase.

Laura Bailey: (313) 446-0325, lbailey@crain.com

LOAD-DATE: December 04, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 2001 Crain Communications, Inc.


                             300 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                The Irish Times

                             July 14, 2016 Thursday

Housing plan aims to make sector affordable;
State's Housing Action Plan targets major improvements in accommodation supply

BYLINE: Kitty Holland

SECTION: IRELAND; Pg. 3

LENGTH: 518 words


A broadening and deepening of the rental sector is planned by the Government in
its Housing Action Plan, to be published next week.

The roll-out of "affordable rental" housing and the introduction of
build-to-rent developments will be key to meeting the housing needs of thousands
of households, the plan says.

"One in five households in Ireland now privately rent. It is a growing sector,
particularly in urban areas. Our current stock of housing, however, was not
built with the needs of long-term renters in mind."

The Government wants to move the sector away from being dominated by so-called
accidental landlords owning just one or two properties and seeking immediate
returns, to one of large-scale professional investors, such as real estate
investment trusts and pension funds, seeking long-term, steady returns.

Open market

 The plan recognises there is a large section of the population who cannot
afford high rents on the open market, but who earn too much to qualify for
social housing. The development of an "affordable rental" or cost rental sector
has been a long-standing recommendation of the National Economic and Social
Council

Minister for Housing Simon Coveney plans to incentivise the private sector to
work with local authorities to develop "affordable rental" units as part of
"mixed tenure" estates on publicly owned land.

"We are . . . introducing an affordable rental programme to enhance the capacity
of the rental sector" to provide "long-term, affordable residential
accommodation for low to moderate income key-worker households in urban areas of
high demand."

A second strand to rental strategy is the development of the build-to-rent
sector. "A growing trend in other countries is the idea of build to rent . . .
larger scale with onsite amenities and targeted to institutional owners rather
than buy-to-let landlords," states the plan. "These are homes built specifically
for the rental market (also referred to as multi-family units in the USA) . . .
Build-to-Rent developments are designed with the occupant in mind. This might be
equal-sized [units] clustered around central shared space, the inclusion of
amenities such as gyms and creches and shared entertainment facilities."

A White Paper on the private rented sector will be published in the autumn, the
plan adds. "It will be a strategy for the entire sector: tenants and landlords,"
it stresses. "The strategy and the recommendations will be structured around
four key areas: security, standards, supply and services."

The plan indicates tax incentives for landlords - who have long campaigned for
the right to offset costs, such as repairs and property tax, against tax.

Tax incentives

 It also says there will be tax incentives for developers to encourage them to
invest in rental. It indicates the Tenancy Sustainment Service, operated by
Threshold in conjunction with the Department of Social Protection and local
authorities, will be extended across the State. This negotiates on behalf of
tenants, with landlords considering terminating leases. It operates in eight
locations including Dublin, Cork and Galway.

LOAD-DATE: July 13, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2016 The Irish Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                             301 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         The Mercury News (California)

                             April 15, 2016 Friday

Menlo Park: Nonprofits double down on affordable housing

BYLINE: By Kevin Kelly, Daily News Staff Writer

SECTION: BREAKING; Communities; Peninsula; News; Local

LENGTH: 849 words


MENLO PARK -- Two powerhouses that tackle housing affordability in Menlo Park
are joining forces.

MidPen Housing announced April 6 that it has tapped Hello Housing as an
affiliate to help it craft solutions to the housing crisis in the Bay Area, the
nation's most expensive market.

In San Mateo County alone, median incomes in the past five years have risen just
2.5 percent, while average rents have jumped 60 percent and single-family home
prices are up 45 percent, according to Hello Housing.

Given that MidPen is Menlo Park's most visible partner on below-market housing,
with 167 rental units and as many as 91 in the pipeline -- and Hello Housing
administers the city's below-market-rate programs, the partnership could have an
impact in Menlo Park.

Before the partnership was a week old, Hello Housing Executive Director Mardie
Oakes said the nonprofits are already looking to purchase 40 homes in Belle
Haven and East Palo Alto to protect and possibly rehabilitate, some of which
otherwise would face foreclosure.

Hello Housing brings expertise in managing and preserving nearly 1,000
below-market-rate homes in the Bay Area. As part of the alliance, the pair will
study how to "incubate ideas that housing innovators have previously been unable
to fit into existing funding mechanisms," according to the county, which is
providing MidPen and Hello Housing with $200,000 of Measure A funds toward the
study.

In East Palo Alto and Belle Haven, according to Hello Housing, rents increased
14 percent in 2015 and 160 percent since 2010. At the same time, a 2014 American
Community Survey report found the annual median income for a Belle Haven
household was $53,971 -- citywide, the median was more than double that at
$115,650.

According to a letter Community Legal Services in East Palo Alto submitted to
the Menlo Park City Council this week, a UC Berkeley study on urban displacement
determined that more than half of Menlo Park's census tracts are undergoing
displacement or at risk of displacement.

At a county seminar last weekend, county Supervisor Warren Slocum noted that 25
percent of people working in the county earned less than $40,000 in 2014, when
the annual salary needed to afford a market-rate apartment stood at $110,000.

"We've got a big disparity," said Jan Lindenthal, MidPen Housing's vice
president of real estate development. "Obviously, we're increasingly partnering
with employers to help them find solutions for their employees."

MidPen is a much larger organization than its new partner. Since 1970, it has
developed more than 7,500 affordable multi-family units worth more than $1
billion and has built a large pool of corporate sponsors and donors.

"We're trying to expand our mission impact," Lindenthal said. "We've been a
developer for multi-family housing, but the needs are much greater than that.
... A lot of housing stock, especially in East Palo Alto (and Belle Haven) is
rental stock. Those people are at risk of displacement in a rapidly escalating
market.

"That was the genesis of our proposal to the county; rather than reinventing the
wheel, here is an agency already doing that. ... We give Hello (Housing) more
gas in the tank, so to speak, and they give us more tools, as well."

MidPen essentially is able to bankroll Hello's programs. Prior to the
partnership, Hello Housing, which over its past 11 years has developed 125
affordable single-family homes, wasn't able to purchase houses to preserve as
affordable.

"We're looking at the potentiality of buying homes at market rate," Oakes said.
"It's on the table now that we could buy single-family homes that are already
occupied ... and keep them in place."

Jim Cogan, Menlo Park's economic and housing development manager, said he was
uncertain whether the partnership would create more affordable housing in the
city.

"Any change to either relationship isn't something I've had any conversations
about," Cogan said. "Maybe we create new opportunities or new ideas on how to
provide more housing units. I'm always looking for more strategies on how to
build affordable units."

The state in 2014 ordered the city to come up with 655 new housing units by
2022, of which 362 must be for low-income residents. The city envisions
constructing or rehabbing 1,310 units by 2023, of which 720 would be below
market rate.

Cogan said the City Council could vote May 3 on changes to residential rental
developments, mandating that developers set aside a portion of properties for
below-market units or pay fees into a rental fund.

MidPen is redeveloping Sequioa Belle Haven, formerly a 48-unit senior housing
development, on the 1200 block of Willow Road, and adding 42 units. That
development is slated to open in February with $3.2 million in support from the
city.

MidPen also received a $1.4 million grant last year to rehab two properties it
has along Pierce Road in Menlo Park, and it plans to boost those units from four
to 17.

Earlier this week, MidPen was chosen to develop up to 137 below-market units on
city-owned land in Redwood City.

Email Kevin Kelly at kkelly@dailynewsgroup.com or call him at 650-391-1049.

LOAD-DATE: April 19, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2016 MediaNews Group, Inc. and ANG Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                             302 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The Calgary Herald (Alberta)

                            December 14, 2007 Friday
                                 Final Edition

Ottawa, province must do more to ease rental woes, mayor says

BYLINE: Kim Guttormson, Calgary Herald

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A5

LENGTH: 463  words


Calgary is in desperate need of rental housing, but the province and federal
government need to do more to encourage the construction of those units, the
mayor says.

"It's a crisis," Mayor Dave Bronconnier said, reacting to a report that found
the rent for a two-bedroom apartment in Calgary is the highest among major
Canadian cities. "We are concerned, as a city, about the affordable aspect.

"If we don't have a supply of rental accommodation, we're not going to have
people move to the city to help build it."

Canada Mortgage and Housing Corp. said Thursday that Calgary lost more than
2,500 rental units over the past year, three-quarters because they were
converted into condominiums. By April this year, 550 units had become condos.

But Bronconnier said the Municipal Government Act doesn't allow the city to
prevent a building from being turned into condos.

"The city can only do so much," he said. "All orders of government, not just the
city, should be encouraging the private sector to invest in rental housing."

The city has asked the provincial government to extend the notice renters are
given to 12 months from six.

And the federal government needs to accelerate and pool the capital cost
allowance, making it more attractive to individual investors, Bronconnier said.

But one alderman cautioned governments should stay out of the market.

"I think we're starting to see some market correction going on here, which has
some positive and negative effects," said Ald. Diane Colley-Urquhart, pointing
to slower sales and the fact that many condos are being freed up to rent when
they don't move.

The CMHC report bears that out, showing that the city's vacancy rate increased
to 1.5 per cent from 0.5 per cent last year.

Ald. Brian Pincott, one of three aldermen on a new task force designed to come
up with innovative ways for the city to address its affordable housing problem
in the short term, said the problem is that most available units are expensive.

"More units are being built at the higher end," Pincott said.

But he believes there are things the city can do.

"Secondary suites, obviously that's a big one," he said of an issue that has
paralyzed council at times. "It's the proverbial low-hanging fruit."

Critics complain the process to put in a legal secondary suite is onerous and
illegal suites are proliferating in single-family home communities, turning
neighbours against the idea due to parking concerns and noise.

City council has approved a pilot project that will allow homeowners to apply
for low-interest loans to build secondary suites in areas zoned for multi-family
homes, as long as the units are rented for at least 20 years.

The city will also build or purchase 538 new affordable housing units, using
money from the province.

kguttormson@theherald.canwest.com

LOAD-DATE: December 14, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:
Photo: Calgary Herald Archive; Mayor Dave Bronconnier, right, says Premier Ed
Stelmach needs to help deal with Calgary's rental crisis. ;

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Business

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


Copyright 2007 The Calgary Herald, a division of Canwest MediaWorks Publication
                                      Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             303 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                  Times Colonist (Victoria, British Columbia)

                           February 4, 2006 Saturday
                                 Final Edition

Apartment dwellers adopt crime prevention program

BYLINE: Bill Cleverley, Times Colonist

SECTION: CAPITAL & VAN. ISL.; Pg. B2

LENGTH: 465  words


Victoria police and local landlords plan to team up this year to try to make
apartments safer.

The program is sort of like Block Watch for multi-family units, said Al Kemp,
CEO of the Rental Owners and Managers Association.

In Block Watch neighbourhoods, residents are trained to look out for suspicious
people or activities in their neighbourhood. But Block Watch wouldn't work in
most apartments, Kemp said.

"The fundamental difference (in apartments) is there's a cocooning that tends to
happen. So people in 205 don't necessarily know the people in 206 and 204. They
don't recognize strangers in the building because they don't even know the rest
of the people in the building. And they'll hold the door open for anybody," Kemp
said.

Kemp has been trying to get the program underway for five years.

Called the Crime Free Multi-Housing Program, it was first initiated in New
Westminster in 1994.

It has three-elements:

-- Management training that begins with a workshop to educate property managers
how to effectively manage properties and stop the spread of illegal or nuisance
activities.

-- Property assessment: Where buildings and properties are assessed by police
and changes or improvements are recommended. Under the program apartments must
meet minimum security requirements to become certified.

-- Resident training: Residents are invited to work with owners and are trained
to be the eyes and ears of their apartment community.

The police focus is on CPTED Crime Prevention Through Environmental Design.
That's where a police officer will offer tips on things like sight lines.

Some things are obvious, says Victoria police acting Insp. Les Sylven. A hedge
that needs trimming to improve a sight line or a dark area in the parking lot
that needs to be lit.

"It's amazing, from what I've heard from other areas, that of some of the things
identified, are obvious but the owner or the manager never thought of them,"
Kemp said.

Once the building management and building itself are certified, a security
social for tenants is held with police and management to talk about basic
security.

Up until now the main stumbling block in getting the program operating has been
funding.

This year the Victoria Real Estate Board stepped up with an offer of $10,000 in
funding. The police department is offering $20,000 plus office space, equipment
and supplies; city bylaw enforcement is willing to fund half a position and
in-kind services are to be provide by ROMA.

Kemp hopes a full time project manager can be hired on a year's contract to give
the program an opportunity to prove itself.

He has no doubt it will. The program is now operating in more than 800
communities in North America including 13 in B.C. and tracking has shown it can
reduce demand on police and other services by as much as 50 per cent.

LOAD-DATE: February 4, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:
Photo: Ray Smith, Times Colonist; Al Kemp, CEO of the Rental Owners and Managers
Association, says a Block Watch-type crime prevention system could work for
apartment buildings with some modifications.

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


Copyright 2006 Times Colonist, a division of Canwest MediaWorks Publication Inc.

                              All Rights Reserved


                             304 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                              Daily The Pak Banker

                           November 12, 2015 Thursday

FHLBank Topeka announces continued outstanding financial performance through
third quarter

LENGTH: 237 words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Topeka: Andrew J. Jetter, president and CEO of FHLBank Topeka, said,&ldquo;We
are pleased to announce continued outstanding financial performance through the
third quarter. Besides having allowed for strong dividends while building
retained earnings, our financial performance has also allowed us to make
significant contributions to our Affordable Housing Program.&rdquo;





 J. Jetter added, &ldquo;Since 1990, every FHLBank has supported affordable
housing by contributing 10 percent of its annual net income to help fund
affordable multi-family rental projects and homeownership for low and very-low
income families. During that time, total combined awards by all the FHLBanks
exceeded $4.8 billion, and FHLBank Topeka awarded more than $210 million through
10,000 grants in Kansas, Nebraska, Oklahoma and Colorado. This year we are proud
to celebrate 25 years of offering the Affordable Housing Program, which has
helped families and individuals have safe, affordable places to call
home.&rdquo;



 A significant widening in the interest rate swap curve relative to mortgage
rates led to large fair value losses on many of our economic derivatives when
compared to the gains recorded on the swapped multi-family mortgage-backed
securities recorded as trading securities. The combination of these gains and
losses recorded in other income accounts for the majority of the decline in net
income for the third quarter of 2015.



LOAD-DATE: November 30, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             305 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                              Daily The Pak Banker

                           November 12, 2015 Thursday

FHLBank Topeka announces continued outstanding financial performance through
third quarter

LENGTH: 237 words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Topeka: Andrew J. Jetter, president and CEO of FHLBank Topeka, said,&ldquo;We
are pleased to announce continued outstanding financial performance through the
third quarter. Besides having allowed for strong dividends while building
retained earnings, our financial performance has also allowed us to make
significant contributions to our Affordable Housing Program.&rdquo;





 J. Jetter added, &ldquo;Since 1990, every FHLBank has supported affordable
housing by contributing 10 percent of its annual net income to help fund
affordable multi-family rental projects and homeownership for low and very-low
income families. During that time, total combined awards by all the FHLBanks
exceeded $4.8 billion, and FHLBank Topeka awarded more than $210 million through
10,000 grants in Kansas, Nebraska, Oklahoma and Colorado. This year we are proud
to celebrate 25 years of offering the Affordable Housing Program, which has
helped families and individuals have safe, affordable places to call
home.&rdquo;



 A significant widening in the interest rate swap curve relative to mortgage
rates led to large fair value losses on many of our economic derivatives when
compared to the gains recorded on the swapped multi-family mortgage-backed
securities recorded as trading securities. The combination of these gains and
losses recorded in other income accounts for the majority of the decline in net
income for the third quarter of 2015.



LOAD-DATE: November 30, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             306 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Albert Lea Tribune (Minnesota)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                          December 28, 2016 Wednesday

Council supports new tax abatement program

BYLINE: Sam Wilmes, Albert Lea Tribune, Minn.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 778 words


Dec. 28--Incentive would be for housing built in next 3 yrs.

Residents and developers may soon have a new incentive to build in Albert Lea.

The Albert Lea City Council unanimously supported a new tax abatement program on
Monday, which would eliminate city property taxes for five years on
single-family homes, duplexes and multi-family housing with less than four units
built in the next three years.

Chad Adams

City staff plans to discuss the program with the Albert Lea School Board and
Freeborn County Board of Commissioners to gauge support.

The program aims to establish the city's use of tax abatement for housing
initiatives and to "provide incentives to encourage the construction of new
owner-occupied and rental residential housing units within the city of Albert
Lea," said City Manager Chad Adams.

The program will increase Albert Lea tax valuations and its tax base, which will
benefit taxpayers and the city, Adams said.

Though the housing market will not kick off for a few months, Adams said it is
beneficial to begin discussing the program.

"It's nice to get this out there to developers or builders who are looking at
potentially building a home, or somebody in the community who is looking to
build a home, that we've got this policy available," he said.

The project is planned to be in the pilot stage for three years and could be
amended.

City staff are considering tax abatement for other residential projects above
the four-unit limit, Adams said.

Austin, Worthington and Waseca have adopted nearly identical programs, he said.

The Austin City Council voted in August to approve the Austin Housing Initiative
as a way to boost and incentivize new housing projects.

Applicants must meet several provisions to qualify for the program:

The assistance will be provided within state auditor interpretation, debt limit
guidelines and other appropriate requirements and policies.

The project must be in accordance with comprehensive land use plan and zoning
ordinances, or required changes to the land use plan or zoning ordinance must be
under active consideration by the city at the time of approval.

Property must be within corporate limits of the city and be zoned properly for
any proposed development.

The applicant must not have received other local financial assistance, such as
tax increment financing, workforce housing or Small Cities Development Program
funding.

Construction must start no later than six months from the date of approval,
which includes building permits.

Property taxes must be paid on time and in full.

Approval must be secured before the start of construction of the housing unit or
home.

Applications will be considered on a first-come, first-serve basis, and the
acceptance of new applications will be dependent on the availability of funds,
Adams said.

Property taxes, including city, county and school, would be about $2,250 on a
home valued at $150,000, Adams said.

The city plans to cap total tax abatement at $100,000 each year to allow for it
to be used in other economic development tools.

In other action, the council:

Accepted Merna Sunde estate trust donations, which designated $25,000 for the
Albert Lea splash pad and $25,000 to the Marion Ross Performing Arts Center. The
city plans to display Sunde's art as a requirement of accepting the funds.
Pieces will be selected in the near future.

Oversaw the final meetings for councilors George Marin, John Schulte V and Larry
Anderson. Each counselor gave a final address.

Approved an off-site gambling permit for the Albert Lea Amateur Hockey
Association for Jan. 28 at City Arena.

Indicated its approval of the Shell Rock River Watershed District's proposed
renewal of its half-percent sales tax.

Declared a 2002 Dodge Durango as unclaimed property, which allows for a notice
of a public sale for three weeks. The vehicle may be sold if it is not claimed
during the three weeks.

Authorized a transfer of $500,000 in funds from the general fund to the building
maintenance fund for upcoming capital improvements at the Aquatic Center, City
Arena, City Hall and City Garage.

Approved an encroachment agreement between the city and Freeborn County
Properties LLC for Vern Eide Chevrolet to install a sign, which would partially
encroach into a city-owned easement.

Accepted a $475 donation for Senior Center programs and activities.

Modified City Manager Chad Adams' travel allowance from $350 to $425 and changed
his needed notification for leaving his position from 60 days to 30 days to
correspond with other entities.

___ (c)2016 the Albert Lea Tribune (Albert Lea, Minn.) Visit the Albert Lea
Tribune (Albert Lea, Minn.) at www.albertleatribune.com Distributed by Tribune
Content Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: December 28, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20161228-1AL-Council-supports-new-tax-abatement-program-1228-20161228

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1AL


                       Copyright 2016 Albert Lea Tribune


                             307 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                US Official News

                            November 20, 2015 Friday

New York: Civil Rights Settlement Requires Major Real Estate Developer To Make
Rental Complexes Accessible To All New Yorkers

LENGTH: 1118 words

DATELINE: Lahore



    Albany: Department of Justice has issued the following news release:



  Preet Bharara, the United States Attorney for the Southern District of New
York, announced today that the United States has reached a settlement that
resolves a federal civil rights lawsuit against THE DURST ORGANIZATION, INC.
(&ldquo;DURST&rdquo;), a major real estate developer based in New York City, and
DURST&rsquo;s affiliates and subsidiaries.  The lawsuit alleges that DURST
engaged in a pattern and practice of developing rental apartment buildings that
are inaccessible to persons with disabilities.  Under the settlement, DURST
agrees to establish procedures to ensure that its ongoing and future development
projects, such as the 2,400-unit Halletts Point development in Queens and the
709-unit VIA 57 West development in Manhattan, will comply with the
accessibility requirements of the federal Fair Housing Act (&ldquo;FHA&rdquo;).
DURST also agrees to make two apartment buildings in Manhattan containing more
than 1,000 units &ndash; The Helena and The Epic &ndash; more accessible to
individuals with disabilities.  Finally, DURST agrees to provide up to $515,000
to compensate aggrieved persons and pay a civil penalty of $55,000.  The
settlement was reached after the court denied DURST&rsquo;s motion to dismiss
the government&rsquo;s lawsuit and was approved yesterday by U.S. District Judge
Ronnie Abrams.





 Manhattan U.S. Attorney Preet Bharara said: &ldquo;This is the ninth in a
series of lawsuits that this office has brought against real estate developers
and architects who fail to design and construct new apartment buildings
accessible to people with disabilities.  When the government filed this lawsuit,
Durst claimed that it should not be held responsible for inaccessible conditions
at The Helena and other rental buildings &ndash; despite the fact that
Durst&rsquo;s own website trumpets its role in developing those buildings.  It
was only after the Court rejected Durst&rsquo;s argument that Durst finally
accepted its obligations under the law.  Today&rsquo;s settlement with Durst
makes clear that real estate developers cannot hide behind opaque corporate
structures to evade their obligation to comply with the Fair Housing Act or
avoid liability for violating that Act.&rdquo;




 The FHA&rsquo;s accessible design and construction provisions require new
multi-family housing complexes constructed after January 1993 to have basic
features accessible to persons with disabilities.  In April 2014, the United
States filed this lawsuit against DURST and an architectural firm, alleging that
past and ongoing rental projects designed and constructed by DURST and the
architect, including The Helena, did not comply with the FHA&rsquo;s
accessibility requirements.  Inaccessible features at The Helena were first
brought to the attention of the United States by testing performed by the Fair
Housing Justice Center.



 In September 2014, DURST moved to dismiss the government&rsquo;s complaint on
the grounds that DURST itself could not be held liable under the Fair Housing
Act because it was not involved with developing any of the rental buildings at
issue.  The government opposed that motion, noting that DURST&rsquo;s public
statements on its own website described its executives&rsquo; direct involvement
with the design and construction of buildings like The Helena.  On January 9,
2015, the court denied DURST&rsquo;s motion to dismiss.  Shortly thereafter,
DURST pursued settlement discussions with the government.



 Under the settlement, DURST agrees that, for every multi-family housing project
it constructs in the next three years, it will retain an FHA compliance
consultant to ensure that the building, as constructed, will comply with the
FHA&rsquo;s accessibility requirements.  For example, the FHA consultant will
advise DURST on the selection of fixtures and appliances and whether deviating
from the architects&rsquo; drawings will affect accessibility.  The FHA
consultant also will conduct a site visit to identify non-compliant conditions
and recommend appropriate solutions prior to the completion of construction.  In
addition, DURST agrees to institute policies and training to ensure that its own
employees and agents will comply with the FHA&rsquo;s accessibility
requirements.



 Further, the settlement also requires DURST to make extensive retrofits at The
Helena, and to commit to additional retrofits at The Epic once that building has
been inspected, to make these buildings accessible.



 Finally, the settlement requires DURST to provide up to $515,000 in funds to
compensate aggrieved persons.  DURST also agrees to pay a civil penalty of
$55,000.



 The government&rsquo;s lawsuit also asserted claims against the architect of
The Helena, FXFOWLE ARCHITECTS, P.C.  Those claims remain pending while FXFOWLE
pursues settlement negotiations with the government.



 Aggrieved individuals may be entitled to monetary compensation from the fund
created through today&rsquo;s settlement.  Aggrieved individuals may include
those who were:



     Injured by a lack of accessible features at The Helena, The Epic, or the
other properties constructed by DURST;



     Discouraged from living at The Helena, The Epic, or the other properties
constructed by DURST because of the lack of accessible features;



     Required to pay to have an apartment at The Helena, The Epic, or the other
properties constructed by DURST made accessible,



     Prevented from having visitors because of a lack of accessible features at
The Helena, The Epic, or the other properties constructed by DURST; or



     Otherwise injured or discriminated against on the basis of disability as a
result of the design or construction of The Helena, The Epic, or the other
properties constructed by Durst.



 People who may be entitled to compensation should file a claim by contacting
the Civil Rights Complaint Line at (212) 637-0840, using the Civil Rights
Complaint Form available on the United States Attorney&rsquo;s Office&rsquo;s
website http://www.justice.gov/usao/nys/civilrights.html, or sending a written
claim to:



                         U.S. Attorney&rsquo;s Office, Southern District of New
York



                         86 Chambers Street, 3rd Floor



                         New York, New York 10007



                         Attention:  Chief, Civil Rights Unit



 The case is being handled by the Office&rsquo;s Civil Rights Unit.  Assistant
U.S. Attorneys Li Yu, Jessica Jean Hu, and Jacob Lillywhite are in charge of the
case.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: November 21, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

               Copyright2015Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             308 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          Picayune Item (Mississippi)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           September 27, 2009 Sunday

High cost of rent coming down because of MDA program

BYLINE: Jeremy Pittari, Picayune Item, Miss.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 863 words


Sep. 27--PICAYUNE -- Anyone who tried to rent a home in Pearl River County after
Hurricane Katrina was probably met with the soaring cost of rent, but recent
efforts by the Mississippi Development Authority are starting to reverse that
trend.

Rental prices are still not back to the level they were before Katrina, but it
appears that the introduction of recently constructed duplexes and renovated
homes under the MDA's Small Rental Assistance Program have caused some
landowners to lower their rent.

Local investor Wayne Gouguet agrees that the increase in rental homes created as
part of the program are driving down the cost of rent.

Gouguet is on one on a long list of investors who have taken advantage of the
program and have built some multi-family homes in the city limits of Picayune.
Those homes offer potential renters affordable housing based on their income.

Local Realtor and investor Corey Smith said he has constructed seven duplexes
through the program, two off of Read Road and four off of Daniels Road. Gouguet
said he built two duplexes, one triplex and has made renovations to two single
family homes under the program. Gouguet's rental properties were built on Bay
Street, South Haugh Avenue and Carter Street.

"Basically they... subsidized us and allowed us to reduce our rent," Gouguet
said.

Under the program, the investor can apply to receive up to $40,000. Smith said
he received about $73,000 per duplex, and estimates it cost him about twice that
to build them.

Lee Youngblood, MDA communication director for the Disaster Recovery Division
said that between the two rounds of funding that were available for Pearl River
County he expects between 200 and 250 homes, or units, to be built after all the
applications are approved. One duplex would equal two units.

Even though the application process has closed, there still are applications
awaiting a decision from the MDA, Youngblood said. So far in this county there
have been about 66 units built as a result of the first round of funding, and
131 units built as a result of the second round, he said.

The program is part of a state-wide effort to rebuild after the storm. About
$5.4 billion was set aside for the effort, which actually focuses on not only
housing but also infrastructure improvement and economic development. Youngblood
said that about 60 percent of the $5.4 billion will be used for housing
state-wide.

Smith said the introduction of the additional homes for rent has forced down
rental prices. Just before Katrina, a three bedroom home in Picayune would have
cost an average of $675 a month in rent. Right after Katrina, that same home
costs between $900 and $1,000 to rent. Now, with the additional places to rent,
the cost of rent has come down to about $750 a month, Smith said.

Among the requirements to build the homes financed by MDA involves making them
energy efficient and abiding by environmental concerns during construction,
Smith said.

Initially, surrounding residents expressed concern about the multifamily homes
coming into the area, but now that they are there, Smith said he has received
nothing but compliments from those same people.

Filling those units with occupants was not hard to do. Both Smith and Gouguet
said all of the rentals they have built under the program are full. Smith added
that he has a waiting list. Gouguet said when one of his tenants moved out
recently, he had another moving in two days later.

Before any of the prospective renters can move in, they must apply with the
Mississippi Development Authority to certify their income is within the
specified amount. Smith said all of the tenants in the units were approved by
the MDA.

For five years the investors must abide by the regulations set forth by the MDA.
Those requirements state that the units can be rented only to people of low to
middle income and must be kept in a state of good repair, said Youngblood.

"We have to verify the people are needy of the unit," Youngblood said.

After that five year period is up, the money that was loaned to the investor
will be forgiven, effectively making it a grant. After that time, the investors
will have full ownership of the homes and will be able to charge their own rates
for rent.

Not only does the new property help reduce rental costs, the units also generate
tax money for the city, county and school district. Gouguet estimates he pays
about $2,500 per year in ad valorem taxes on each of his new properties. Also,
construction of the homes kept workers in the construction business working
during a hard economic time, Gouguet said.

Pearl River County Planning and Development Director Ed Pinero said the majority
of the building in the county in the first three months of the year was from
homes being constructed under this program.

To see more of the Picayune Item or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.picayuneitem.com/. Copyright (c) 2009, Picayune Item, Miss.
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: September 28, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20090927-YP-High-cost-of-rent-coming-down-because-of-MDA-program-0927

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: YP


                                 Copyright 2009


                             309 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          November 16, 2016 Wednesday

Washington: Creating More Affordable Housing: The Right and Wrong Way

LENGTH: 881  words

DATELINE: New York



 Seattle: City of Seattle, The State of Washington has issued the following news
release:



  Seattle city government is on a path to create 20,000 affordable housing units
over the next 10 years, the biggest surge in the supply of affordable housing
we've ever seen in Seattle.





 To accomplish this ambitious goal, we placed a measure on the August 2016
ballot that renewed and doubled the city's affordable housing tax levy. Seattle
voters approved this tax increase by 71 percent, a strong affirmation of
Seattle's commitment to caring for our most vulnerable neighbors. This tax will
raise $290,000,000 for rental housing development and preservation,
home-ownership assistance, homelessness prevention, and housing stability
services.



 We adopted new laws that require every builder of commercial office space and
multi-family housing (e.g. apartments, condominiums) to directly contribute
funds to building affordable housing or to build units on their own. This
mandatory affordable housing requirement is unprecedented for Seattle.



 We have expanded multi-family property tax waivers citywide in exchange for
reduced rents and long-term affordability for new residential construction and
we are seeking approval from the state legislature to grant similar waivers for
preservation of existing affordable housing. These property tax waivers reflect
an exchange-of-values that truly does serve the public interest; government
waives a portion of the property tax in exchange for reduced rents for our
lower-income residents.



 These and other steps put Seattle in front nationally in the amount of
affordable housing we are creating. We have been innovative and bold. And we
have done it while carefully protecting the city government's finances. We've
done it the right way.



 However, some, including some of my colleagues on the City Council, are
suggesting we haven't been bold enough, that we should do more. They want us to
use the city government's borrowing power to build even more affordable housing.
In other words, create more cash to produce more housing by borrowing money.
That's a very bad idea and here's why.



 Spending the borrowed money effectively will be very difficult because of the
complexities surrounding affordable housing--limited availability of land, the
two- to three-year planning timeline for such projects, the already packed full
affordable housing production pipeline, and the limited availability of matching
funds or leverage opportunities to increase the buying power of the funds.



 But even if we had the capacity for more development, borrowing money to build
affordable housing in this way will cost significantly more, will be less
efficient, and, importantly, will reduce funds available for other important
city services, such as transportation and public safety.



 To illustrate the imprudence of borrowing more money to build affordable
housing, Table 1 compares the 2016 Affordable Housing Levy approach with two
"borrow money" approaches. The differences are striking.



 Table 1: Units and Average Cost per Unit

 HousingLevyTable (003)



 Borrowing money as is being proposed to build affordable housing would cost
substantially more on a per unit basis compared to the 2016 Housing Levy, when
you include the cost of debt financing. Clearly, that's not a wise use of the
public's money. The idea we would borrow money for these purposes in this way
reflects a reckless disregard for the fiscal stewardship the City Council is
charged with upholding.



 The particulars of the "borrow money" scheme at the $160,000,000 level would
put the city into a difficult situation. This proposal would reduce city general
fund dollars allocated to transportation below the minimum threshold set by the
Move Seattle transportation levy passed by voters in November 2015. Starting in
2018, and every year thereafter through 2024, the City Council would be required
to either approve the reduced transportation funding level by a three-fourths
super-majority vote, or else forgo $95 million in levy funding the following
year. That's a calculated risk not worth taking and would directly violate the
voters' direction.



 If we want to accelerate affordable housing production even faster, we have two
already approved options waiting to be utilized. One is the Acquisition and
Opportunity Fund with up to $30 million that is designed to provide quick access
to funds for acquisition of land or buildings. The other is the Regional
Equitable Development Initiative that is supported by Seattle, King County, the
state of Washington and Eastside cities. This REDI fund currently has $8
million, is growing, and is designed to help acquire land near light rail and
high use transit hubs for affordable housing. Let's use these already available
funds to get more affordable housing started in the development pipeline.



 For all these reasons, city government should remain focused on the existing
plan to create 20,000 affordable housing units in the next 10 years. We should
not allow ourselves to be distracted by financially unsound ideas that will
yield fewer units at a greater cost and create funding problems with other city
programs.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:  editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: November 17, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             310 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            March 11, 2017 Saturday

California: League-Sponsored Bond Agency Issues $161.6 Million in Tax-Exempt
Bonds for Affordable Housing in Newport Beach

LENGTH: 347  words

DATELINE: New York



 Sacramento: League of California Cities, The State of California has issued the
followin news release:



   Some of the most significant benefits of League membership for cities since
1988 have flowed from the League's co-sponsorship of the California Statewide
Communities Development Authority (CSCDA).





 This program provides a variety of public agencies and developers access to
low-cost, tax-exempt financing and economic development tools. CSCDA recently
issued a total of $161,620,000 in tax-exempt multi-family affordable housing
bonds for Uptown Newport Apartments in Newport Beach.



 About Uptown Newport Apartments



 Uptown Newport Apartments is the new construction of 455 mixed income housing
units by The Picerne Group (TPG). Twenty percent of the rental housing units
will be rent restricted for low-income tenants. The income-restricted apartments
are comprised of studio, one-bedroom and two-bedroom units.



 CSCDA and TPG partnered with Stern Brothers & Co. and Orrick Herrington &
Sutcliffe, LLP to provide the $161,620,000 in tax-exempt and taxable
multi-family affordable housing bonds for the project. The financing for the
project requires the affordability of units for low-income tenants to be
maintained for 55 years.



 Background



 CSCDA is a joint powers authority created in 1988 and is sponsored by the
League of California Cities® and the California State Association of Counties.
It was created by cities and counties for cities and counties. More than 500
cities, counties and special districts are program participants in CSCDA, which
serves as their conduit issuer and provides access to efficiently finance
locally-approved projects. CSCDA has issued more than $50 billion in tax exempt
bonds for projects that provide a public benefit by creating jobs, affordable
housing, healthcare, infrastructure, schools and other fundamental services.
Visit CSCDA's website for additional information on the ways in which CSCDA can
help your city.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content please contact:
editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: March 13, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2017 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             311 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                   February 19, 1977, Saturday, Final Edition

Apartment Construction Pace Picking Up Here;
Pace of Apartment Construction Picks Up;
It's Happening in Real Estate

BYLINE: By John B. Willmann

SECTION: Real Estate; E1

LENGTH: 1131 words


No matter how it is viewed, the Washington area apartment rental market enjoys a
high occupancy ratio, with over-all vacancies around 3 per cent.

Rents have been moving up, even in an aura of real or implied constraints.  New
construction has been sluggish for several years but the pace is now
accelerating, specifically with the availability of below-market interest rates
with federal subsidies.

However, there is some apprehension that the expected formations of new
housesholds and the usual toll of obsolescence will require approximately 23,000
new units a year to maintain a stock of more than 400,000 rental dwellings.
Approximately 40 per cent of the area's households rent their homes.

Also to be considered is the growing number of conversions of large rental
complexes, such as Fairlington and Parkfairfax in Northern Virginia, to
condominium ownership.

In terms of new construction, starts of multi-family dwellings here fell to
2,324 in 1975 and rose slightly to 3,263 in 1976.  This year, some 5,200 units
are expected to be started to be started.  In the mid-1960s, apartment starts
exceeded 30,000 units annually in this area.  Based on a 50-year life expectancy
for most rental units, some 8,200 units need to be built each year to maintain
the housing stock we now have.

Sidney Glassman, president of the Apartment and Office Building Association of
Metropolitan Washington, observes that most new construction now is confined to
federally subsidized or insured programs for rental housing.  He said that new,
privately built rental apartments will most likely be located in Northern
Virginia.

W. Bruce Steele, associate director of housing programs for the Metropolitan
Washington Council of Governments, estimates that nearly 70 per cent of all new
apartments built this year will have federal assistance.  He estimates that the
area's vacancy rate is 3 per cent, with Arlington County having the lowest at
about 1.2 per cent and Prince George's County the highest at 4 per cent or more.

Since 1972, an effort has been made through the Council of Governments to use a
"fair share" procedure among area jurisdictions in building rental housing for
low-and moderate-income families.  COG's Patricia Heinaman said that the
objective is to meet housing needs and expand opportunities.  She estimated that
2,700 new units of "fair share," federally assisted housing are under way here.
Some 9,000 such units have been built in the region since 1972, she said.

Among private lenders, mortgage banker John D. Reilly says his firm has been
arranging loans for a number of subsidized apartment projects, particularly
those for the elderly.

Beilly and his business associate Gaye Beasley say that apartment construction
has not kept pace with demand in this area and that rent increases have barely
kept pace with the upsurge in operating expenses.  Reilly said that the over-all
range for garden apartmeent rents now is 20 to 30 cents a square foot per month
for existinng facilities and usually 30 to 40 cents per square foot in a
high-rise.

He thinsks new apartments will be smaller and cost more, and notes that two new
privately financed apartment buildings in the District drew tenants willing to
pay more than 50 cents per square foot - in other words, rents higher than $500
for a typical apartment.

"There's a generally a tight rental market for the for predictable future and
rents likely to move up 30 per cent in the next two or three years," added
Reilly.  "Heating and cooling costs are one reason - more future rental
dwellings will have separate heating-cooling utility bills.

Meanwhile, he said, "more people will opt to buy to counteract inflation and to
take advantage of tax deductions," at the same time sacrificing mobility and the
carefree aspects of renting.

One Silver Spring builder, Thomas P. Harkin Construction Co., has four subsized
housing projects under way.  Two buildings slated for the elderly - the Bauer
Drive rental dwellings on Route 28 east of Rockville and the seven-story Leafy
House in Wheaton - are sponsored in part by the Montgomery County Housing
Opportunities Commission.

Additionally, the Harkins firm is building units (under the Section 8 rent
subsidy program) in an urban renewal area in the northern part of Old Town
Alexandria known as "the Dip." The National Housing Partnership is a co-sponsor.
In another moderate-income project, in Bethesda, Harkins is doing the 158-unit
Waverly House high-rise on East-West Highway for Danac Corp. and the Montgomery
housing commission.

The Silver Spring-based Construction General, Inc., headed by Bernard Lubcher,
is using 7.5 per cent, Brooke-Cranston funds for a 10-story, 268-unit rental
building near Connecticut Avenue and Van Ness Street NW, on land formerly owned
by the now-defunct Dunbarton College.

Lubscher said the firm also is also constructing 406 rental units on an urban
renewal site at Columbia Road and 14 Street NW under the federal Section 236
housing program.  The project is co-sponsored by a neighborhood organization,
Change Economic Development Corp., and All Souls Unitarian Church.

The firm is also submitting feasibility studies to the Department of Housing and
Urban Development for Section 8, rental subsidy housing projects on Democracy
Boulevard in Montgomery County and at Tysons Corner in Fairfax County.

A.D.C.-based developer, the Holladay Corp., has completed and nearly fully
rented the conventionally financed, 860-unit Connecticut Heights project on
upper Connecticut Avenue, a complex of two high-rise and four-low-rise
buildings.  Rents average 52 cents a square foot where utilities are included.
Rents start at $230 a month for an efficiency and stop at $575 for a two-bedroom
unit.

Another large Holladay project is north of Laurel at Whiskey Bottom in Howard
County, where there's a waiting list for garden apartmetns ranging from $240 to
$340 a month.  An earlier section was done with FHA program financing but recent
sections of the 1,100-unit rental complex are conventionally financed.

It appears then, that future apartment construction here is likely to be
federally assisted, with major emphasis on housing for the elderly, such as the
high-rise now under construction at the Fort Lincoln new town.

Where feasible, some developers may initiate privately financed rental
developments, especially if financing costs ease.

There is talk that one local developer may undertake a luxury apartment project
on part of the Foxhall-Glover tract south of American University.  Such a
project would command rents of 70 cents a square foot, or about $1,400 a month
for a big, two-bedroom apartment with 2,000 square feet of space.  Luxury
condominiums that size are selling now for more than $100,000.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Picture 1, This high-rise is part of the 860-unit Connecticut Heights
complex in Northwest D.C.  By Ellsworth Davis - The Washington Post; Picture 2,
no caption

                       Copyright 1977 The Washington Post


                             312 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       Charleston Gazette (West Virginia)

                           November 22, 2011, Tuesday

Pauley s pet names;
CHARLESTON DEVELOPER'SS PROJECTS NAMED AFTER HOUSING DEVELOPMENT FUND STAFF,
DOGS

BYLINE: Eric Eyre, Staff writer

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. P1A

LENGTH: 976 words


Charleston developer Douglas E. Pauley named a low-income apartment complex in
Dunbar after a dog owned by a high-ranking West Virginia Housing Development
Fund administrator - the same person who reviews and evaluates Pauley's projects
for federal funding programs each year.

In 2006, Pauley received a $2.8 million federal loan administered by the state
Housing Development Fund to build Elle Bella Villa Apartments, a 50-unit complex
in Dunbar, records show.

Sherry Bossie, senior director of multi-family developments at the Housing Fund,
lives in Dunbar and has a 9-year-old Yorkshire terrier named Elle Bella,
according to Kanawha County dog license records.

Pauley also has named projects after Bossie's subordinates at the state housing
agency - and their children. Housing Development Fund employees helped review,
score and approve Pauley's project applications, then monitored those projects
to ensure Pauley complied with federal requirements, including whether his
apartment complexes offered affordable rental rates to tenants.

"It appears like he's asking for favors by naming projects after people," said
Rick Handley, a Mason County commissioner who opposed a Pauley project near
Point Pleasant. "Surely, there's got to be some local heroes, some veterans, in
those communities he could name his projects after."

The U.S. Department of Agriculture's Section 538 Rural Rental Housing Program
funded most of the projects. The program, administered by the Housing
Development Fund, guarantees low-interest loans to developers so they can build
low-income rental housing in rural areas.

Last month, federal agents raided Pauley's Charleston office as part of a grand
jury investigation into his low-income housing projects.

Among the projects named after Housing Development Fund staffers:

-Wilshere Landing Apartments: Michelle Wilshere, a certified public accountant,
directs the agency's low-income housing tax credit program, which provides
financing for Pauley's projects every year. Pauley built the 40-unit complex in
Greenbrier County in 2009.

-Perkins Parke Apartments: Nancy Perkins manages the Housing Development Fund's
affordable multi-family loan program. Pauley built the Cross Lanes apartment
complex in 2002.

-Lindsey Terrace Apartments in Martinsburg: Perkins, who works under Bossie, has
a daughter named Lindsey, records show.

Pauley also has a 48-unit complex called Pauli Heights in Kanawha County. Pauley
has a black Labrador retriever named Pauli, according to dog licensing records.

Pauley owns another Kanawha County project called Jenna Landing Apartments. The
Housing Development Fund administered the project. Pauley's top assistant,
Jennie Curry, has a daughter named Jenna, records show. Currie was unavailable
for comment Monday.

Pauley's most recent project - called Milton Place and named after state
Treasurer John Perdue's late father-in-law, Milton Burdette - has sparked a
federal investigation.

The FBI and U.S. Attorney's Office are looking into Perdue's sale of 11 acres of
farmland to Pauley last December. Perdue made $215,000 on the deal.

West Virginia Housing Development Fund administrators - including Bossie and
Wilshere - approved a $3.67 million stimulus grant that Pauley used to finance a
32-unit apartment complex on Perdue's Mason County property.

Perdue serves on the Housing Development Fund's board of directors.

Perdue and his aides and designees to the Housing Fund's board meeting recused
themselves from all votes on the Milton Place project.

However, those same designees have voted on changes to the agency's longstanding
rules, paving the way for Pauley to receive federal funding and build the
project, over the objections of Mason County commissioners, according to
previous Gazette reports.

For more than a decade, the Housing Development Fund required developers to
secure a letter of support or no opposition from local officials to qualify for
federal low-income housing tax credit funding.

The Housing Development Fund board eliminated that requirement after Mason
County officials, who opposed Pauley's project, refused to issue such a letter.

The Gazette has also reported that Housing Fund staff went out of their way to
ensure Pauley's Milton Place project got funded. In August 2010, housing agency
executives wrote a letter to Pauley, saying he had met all requirements under
the tax-credit funding program, even though Pauley hadn't.

The Housing Development Fund's board approves the selection criteria for
low-income housing tax credit funding, but agency staff members evaluate and
approve individual projects that receive the money.

Pauley formerly worked as development director at the Housing Development Fund
before starting his company, which builds low-income apartment complexes across
the state. He declined comment Monday, referring questions to his lawyer, Ben
Bailey.

Bossie, Wilshere and Perkins also did not respond to requests for comment.

"If you have questions about the names Doug Pauley or any other developer has
given their projects, you should contact that person," Housing Fund lawyer Tracy
Webb said in an email Monday. "As you know, the WVHDF cannot comment further
regarding any other questions since there is an ongoing investigation by the
U.S. Attorney."

Pauley is now cooperating with investigators.

Charleston developer Doug Pauley named this Dunbar apartment complex after Elle
Bella, a 9-year-old Yorkshire terrier owned by a West Virginia Housing
Development Fund administrator who reviews Pauley's projects. The dog is shown
in a photo from a recent Christmas card.

chris dorst | Gazette

Charleston developer Doug Pauley named this Dunbar apartment complex after Elle
Bella, a 9-year-old Yorkshire terrier owned by a West Virginia Housing
Development Fund administrator who reviews Pauley's projects.

Reach Eric Eyre at ericeyre@wvgazette.com or 304-348-4869.

LOAD-DATE: November 22, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2011 Charleston Newspapers


                             313 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            August 4, 2016 Thursday

Washington: Sens. Warner, Kaine, Announce Nearly $7 Million to Support
Affordable Housing Development in Virginia

LENGTH: 3516  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: Office of the Senator Mark R. Warner has issued the following news
release:



 U.S. Sens. Mark R. Warner and Tim Kaine (both D-VA) announced today that 18
initiatives led by local financial institutions and non-profits in Virginia will
receive $6.6 million from the Federal Home Loan Bank of Atlanta (FHL-Bank
Atlanta)'s Affordable Housing Program (AHP) to support affordable housing
development in Virginia.





 "Affordable housing is one of the bedrocks of economic security and financial
stability for American families," said Sen. Warner. "These funds will provide
valuable resources for existing housing networks in Virginia, which are already
on the ground working to provide individuals with a place to live that is within
their reach. This support will help revitalize local neighborhoods, create jobs,
and encourage economic development within the Commonwealth."



 FHL-Bank Atlanta is one of the 11 regional banks in the Federal Home Loan Bank
System, providing commercial banks, credit unions, savings institutions,
community development financial institutions, and insurance companies within
seven southeastern states, including Virginia, with a reliable source of funding
for affordable home mortgages and community lending. More information on
FHL-Bank-Atlanta can be found here.



 The 18 awardees and programs descriptions are listed below:



 Lindsay Hill: Lorton, VA



 Member: Burke & Herbert Bank & Trust Company. Sponsored by: Community Housing
Partners Corporation. Grant: $275,000 for 55 rental units. Total Development
Cost: $15,077,337.



 Description: AHP funds will go toward the adaptive-reuse of five existing
historic buildings within the Spring Hill Senior Community Located in Lorton,
VA. Lindsay Hill will serve seniors age 62 and older and individuals with
disabilities in Fairfax County.



 Washburn Place: Marshall, VA



 Member: Middleburg Bank. Sponsored by: Windy Hill Foundation. Grant: $500,000
for 30 rental units. Total Development Cost: $8,998,123.



 Description: AHP funds will be used in connection with the new construction of
a 30-unit family housing project in Marshall, VA. Rent for the units will be
affordable to households at 40, 50, and 60 percent of the area median income.



 Robinson Park: Harrisonburg, VA



 Member: Branch Banking and Trust Company. Sponsored by: Southeastern Housing
Preservation, Inc. Grant: $243,909 for 88 rental units. Total Development Cost:
$11,624,106.



 Description: AHP funds will be used for the new construction of 88 units of
affordable rental housing to families earning 50 and 60 percent of the area
median income. Upon completion, Robinson Park will be EarthCraft Platinum
certified.



 The Village at Rockbridge: Lexington, VA



 Member: Branch Banking and Trust Company. Sponsored by: Mark-Dana Corporation.
Secondary Sponsor: Virginia United Methodist Housing Development Corporation.
Grant: $325,000 for 64 rental units. Total Development Cost: $4,368,570.



 Description: AHP funds will go toward the rehabilitation of a 64 unit
affordable apartment property in Lexington, VA. Rehabilitation will include
replacement of roofing, water fixtures, cabinets, doors, flooring, windows,
appliances, and HVAC units.



 Cavalier Senior Apartments: Petersburg, VA



 Member: Bank of America, National Association. Sponsored by: Humanities
Foundation, Inc. Grant: $471,911 for 80 rental units. Total Development Cost:
$11,686,838.



 Description: AHP funds will go toward a new construction development located in
the City of Petersburg, VA. The development will consist of 80 garden style
apartments for seniors and will be a mix of one and two-bedroom units targeting
residents at 40, 50, and 60 percent of the area median income.



 Jackson Ward Senior: Richmond, VA



 Member: Capital One, National Association. Sponsored by: Community Housing
Inc.. Grant: $500,000 for 72 rental units. Total Development Cost: $13,757,488.



 Description: The Jackson ward Senior building is part of the multiphase
redevelopment of a low income senior public housing site in Richmond, VA. The
new building will contain 72 one bedroom units and will be built to Earth Craft
Platinum standards.



 New Clay House II: Richmond, VA



 Member: Union Bank & Trust. Sponsored by: Virginia Supportive Housing. Grant:
$500,00 for 80 rental units. Total Development Cost: $14,845,886.



 Description: AHP funds will go toward the renovation and expansion of an
affordable housing development for formerly homeless individuals in Richmond.
After the renovation and expansion, at least 55 units will be reserved for
formerly homeless individuals and the remaining units will be reserved for
individuals earning at or below 50 percent of the area median income.



 Creekside Manor: Henrico, VA



 Member: Branch Banking and Trust Company. Sponsored by: Mark-Dana Corporation.
Secondary Sponsor: Virginia United Methodist Housing Development Corporation.
Grant: $500,000 for 97 rental units. Total Development Cost: $7,448,920.



 Description: AHP funds will go toward the rehabilitation of a 97-unit
affordable apartment property in Henrico, VA. Rehabilitation will include
replacement of roofing, water fixtures, cabinets, doors, flooring, windows,
appliances, and HVAC units.



  Village Green: Gloucester, VA



 Member: Branch Banking and Trust Company. Sponsored by: Southeastern Housing
Preservation, Inc. Grant: $168,736 for 32 rental units. Total Development Cost:
$3,227,197.



 Description: Village Green consists of the acquisition and rehabilitation of 32
existing multi-family units. Rehabilitation will include new windows, HVAC,
water heaters, appliances, roofs, siding, flooring, and improvements to
accessibility. Upon completion, the property will be EarthCraft certified.



 Cypress Landing: Chesapeake, VA



 Member: TowneBank. Sponsored by: Second Act Communities. Grant: $500,000 for 50
rental units. Total Development Cost: $10,448,624.



 Description: AHP funds will go toward the construction of an apartment
development containing 44 one-bedroom units and six two-bedroom units. The
development will serve very low-income disabled and/or homeless veterans.
Thirty-eight units will serve veterans who have incomes at or below 30 percent
of the area median income and the remaining 12 units will serve veterans who
have incomes at or below 50 percent of the area median income.



 King's Arms: Hampton, VA



 Member: The Old Point National Bank of Phoebus. Sponsored by: Hampton
Redevelopment and Housing Authority. Grant: $500,000 for 48 rental units. Total
Development Cost: $9,466,152.



 Description: AHP funds will be used for the construction of a 48-unit
affordable senior independent housing development consisting of garden style
apartments. The development will include housing for elderly veterans.



 Ada Park: Newport News, VA



 Member: Branch Banking and Trust Company. Sponsored by: Southeastern Housing
Preservation, Inc. Grant: $202,295 for 42 rental units. Total Development Cost:
$7,998,558.



 Description: AHP funds will be used for the construction of an affordable
housing development which will provide 42 units of rental housing to families
earning below 65 percent of the area median income.



 Belleville Meadows: Suffolk, VA



 Member: Capital One, National Association. Sponsored by: Community Housing
Partners Corporation. Grant: $300,000 for 128 rental units. Total Development
Cost: $14,322,493.



 Description: AHP funds will be used for the rehabilitation of an existing
affordable housing development in Suffolk, VA. Rehabilitation will include new
flooring, roofing, energy efficient windows, kitchen appliances, faucets, and
showerheads.



 Dale Homes Phase I: Portsmouth, VA



 Member: TowneBank. Sponsored by: Portsmouth Redevelopment and Housing
Authority. Grant: $500,000 for 146 rental units. Total Development Cost:
$22,907,475.



 Description: AHP funds will be used in connection with the acquisition and
rehabilitation of an existing 146 unit public housing development known as Dale
Homes Phase I and will be targeted to very low income families in Portsmouth,
VA. The project involves the conversion of public housing units under the Rental
Assistance Demonstration program.



 Dale Homes Phase II: Portsmouth, VA



 Member: TowneBank. Sponsored by: Portsmouth Redevelopment and Housing
Authority. Grant: $500,000 for 150 rental units. Total Development Cost:
$23,494,499.



 Description: AHP funds will be used in connection with the acquisition and
rehabilitation of an existing 150-unit public housing development known as Dale
Homes Phase II, and will be targeted to very low income families in Portsmouth,
VA. The project involves the conversion of public housing units under the Rental
Assistance Demonstration program.



 Homeownership and Hope- Virginia: various sites, VA



 Member: Union Bank & Trust. Sponsored by: Greater Lynchburg Habitat for
Humanity (*). Secondary Sponsors: Habitat for Humanity in the Roanoke Valley and
Farmville Area Habitat for Humanity, Inc. Grant: $199,500 for 20 ownership
units. Total Development Cost: $3,380,305



 Description: AHP funds will be used for the construction and rehabilitation of
single family homes across Virginia. Eleven of the units will be new
construction and nine will be rehabilitation of existing and vacant houses.



 Greater Charlottesville Habitat for Humanity: Charlottesville, VA



 Member: Union Bank & Trust. Sponsored by: Greater Charlottesville Habitat for
Humanity. Grant: $186,200 for 19 ownership units. Total Development Cost:
$3,003,788.



 Description: AHP funds will go for the construction of single family homes in
Charlottesville, Virginia. Habitat for Humanity reserves at least 25 percent of
its homeownership opportunities for residents of public housing or who have with
Charlottesville Redevelopment and Housing Authority Housing Choice vouchers. All
of the proposed new homes are accessible with at least one no-step entryway and
are built to ENERGY STAR® 3 specifications.



 Sun Valley Landings: Dublin and Radford, VA



 Member: Union Bank & Trust. Sponsored by: Community Housing Partners
Corporation. Grant: $246,333 for 42 rental units. Total Development Cost:
$5,326,516.



 Description: AHP funds will be used for the acquisition and rehabilitation of a
scattered site development of two properties. Sun Valley Landings will serve low
income households earning at or below 50 percent and 60 percent of the area
median income.







 ###



 WASHINGTON - U.S. Sens. Mark R. Warner and Tim Kaine (both D-VA) announced
today that 18 initiatives led by local financial institutions and non-profits in
Virginia will receive $6.6 million from the Federal Home Loan Bank of Atlanta
(FHL-Bank Atlanta)'s Affordable Housing Program (AHP) to support affordable
housing development in Virginia.







 "Affordable housing is one of the bedrocks of economic security and financial
stability for American families," said Sen. Warner. "These funds will provide
valuable resources for existing housing networks in Virginia, which are already
on the ground working to provide individuals with a place to live that is within
their reach. This support will help revitalize local neighborhoods, create jobs,
and encourage economic development within the Commonwealth."







 FHL-Bank Atlanta is one of the 11 regional banks in the Federal Home Loan Bank
System, providing commercial banks, credit unions, savings institutions,
community development financial institutions, and insurance companies within
seven southeastern states, including Virginia, with a reliable source of funding
for affordable home mortgages and community lending. More information on
FHL-Bank-Atlanta can be found here.







 The 18 awardees and programs descriptions are listed below:







 &middot;       Lindsay Hill: Lorton, VA



 Member: Burke & Herbert Bank & Trust Company. Sponsored by: Community Housing
Partners Corporation. Grant: $275,000 for 55 rental units. Total Development
Cost: $15,077,337.



 Description: AHP funds will go toward the adaptive-reuse of five existing
historic buildings within the Spring Hill Senior Community Located in Lorton,
VA. Lindsay Hill will serve seniors age 62 and older and individuals with
disabilities in Fairfax County.







 &middot;       Washburn Place: Marshall, VA



 Member: Middleburg Bank. Sponsored by: Windy Hill Foundation. Grant: $500,000
for 30 rental units. Total Development Cost: $8,998,123.



 Description: AHP funds will be used in connection with the new construction of
a 30-unit family housing project in Marshall, VA. Rent for the units will be
affordable to households at 40, 50, and 60 percent of the area median income.







 &middot;       Robinson Park: Harrisonburg, VA



 Member: Branch Banking and Trust Company. Sponsored by: Southeastern Housing
Preservation, Inc. Grant: $243,909 for 88 rental units. Total Development Cost:
$11,624,106.



 Description: AHP funds will be used for the new construction of 88 units of
affordable rental housing to families earning 50 and 60 percent of the area
median income. Upon completion, Robinson Park will be EarthCraft Platinum
certified.







 &middot;       The Village at Rockbridge: Lexington, VA



 Member: Branch Banking and Trust Company. Sponsored by: Mark-Dana Corporation.
Secondary Sponsor: Virginia United Methodist Housing Development Corporation.
Grant: $325,000 for 64 rental units. Total Development Cost: $4,368,570.



 Description: AHP funds will go toward the rehabilitation of a 64 unit
affordable apartment property in Lexington, VA. Rehabilitation will include
replacement of roofing, water fixtures, cabinets, doors, flooring, windows,
appliances, and HVAC units.







 &middot;       Cavalier Senior Apartments: Petersburg, VA



 Member: Bank of America, National Association. Sponsored by: Humanities
Foundation, Inc. Grant: $471,911 for 80 rental units. Total Development Cost:
$11,686,838.



 Description: AHP funds will go toward a new construction development located in
the City of Petersburg, VA. The development will consist of 80 garden style
apartments for seniors and will be a mix of one and two-bedroom units targeting
residents at 40, 50, and 60 percent of the area median income.







 &middot;       Jackson Ward Senior: Richmond, VA



 Member: Capital One, National Association. Sponsored by: Community Housing
Inc.. Grant: $500,000 for 72 rental units. Total Development Cost: $13,757,488.



 Description: The Jackson ward Senior building is part of the multiphase
redevelopment of a low income senior public housing site in Richmond, VA. The
new building will contain 72 one bedroom units and will be built to Earth Craft
Platinum standards.







 &middot;       New Clay House II: Richmond, VA



 Member: Union Bank & Trust. Sponsored by: Virginia Supportive Housing. Grant:
$500,00 for 80 rental units. Total Development Cost: $14,845,886.



 Description: AHP funds will go toward the renovation and expansion of an
affordable housing development for formerly homeless individuals in Richmond.
After the renovation and expansion, at least 55 units will be reserved for
formerly homeless individuals and the remaining units will be reserved for
individuals earning at or below 50 percent of the area median income.







 &middot;       Creekside Manor: Henrico, VA

 Member: Branch Banking and Trust Company. Sponsored by: Mark-Dana Corporation.
Secondary Sponsor: Virginia United Methodist Housing Development Corporation.
Grant: $500,000 for 97 rental units. Total Development Cost: $7,448,920.



 Description: AHP funds will go toward the rehabilitation of a 97-unit
affordable apartment property in Henrico, VA. Rehabilitation will include
replacement of roofing, water fixtures, cabinets, doors, flooring, windows,
appliances, and HVAC units.







 &middot;       Village Green: Gloucester, VA



 Member: Branch Banking and Trust Company. Sponsored by: Southeastern Housing
Preservation, Inc. Grant: $168,736 for 32 rental units. Total Development Cost:
$3,227,197.



 Description: Village Green consists of the acquisition and rehabilitation of 32
existing multi-family units. Rehabilitation will include new windows, HVAC,
water heaters, appliances, roofs, siding, flooring, and improvements to
accessibility. Upon completion, the property will be EarthCraft certified.







 &middot;       Cypress Landing: Chesapeake, VA



 Member: TowneBank. Sponsored by: Second Act Communities. Grant: $500,000 for 50
rental units. Total Development Cost: $10,448,624.



 Description: AHP funds will go toward the construction of an apartment
development containing 44 one-bedroom units and six two-bedroom units. The
development will serve very low-income disabled and/or homeless veterans.
Thirty-eight units will serve veterans who have incomes at or below 30 percent
of the area median income and the remaining 12 units will serve veterans who
have incomes at or below 50 percent of the area median income.



 &middot;       King's Arms: Hampton, VA



 Member: The Old Point National Bank of Phoebus. Sponsored by: Hampton
Redevelopment and Housing Authority. Grant: $500,000 for 48 rental units. Total
Development Cost: $9,466,152.



 Description: AHP funds will be used for the construction of a 48-unit
affordable senior independent housing development consisting of garden style
apartments. The development will include housing for elderly veterans.







 &middot;       Ada Park: Newport News, VA



 Member: Branch Banking and Trust Company. Sponsored by: Southeastern Housing
Preservation, Inc. Grant: $202,295 for 42 rental units. Total Development Cost:
$7,998,558.



 Description: AHP funds will be used for the construction of an affordable
housing development which will provide 42 units of rental housing to families
earning below 65 percent of the area median income.







 &middot;       Belleville Meadows: Suffolk, VA



 Member: Capital One, National Association. Sponsored by: Community Housing
Partners Corporation. Grant: $300,000 for 128 rental units. Total Development
Cost: $14,322,493.



 Description: AHP funds will be used for the rehabilitation of an existing
affordable housing development in Suffolk, VA. Rehabilitation will include new
flooring, roofing, energy efficient windows, kitchen appliances, faucets, and
showerheads.







 &middot;       Dale Homes Phase I: Portsmouth, VA



 Member: TowneBank. Sponsored by: Portsmouth Redevelopment and Housing
Authority. Grant: $500,000 for 146 rental units. Total Development Cost:
$22,907,475.



 Description: AHP funds will be used in connection with the acquisition and
rehabilitation of an existing 146 unit public housing development known as Dale
Homes Phase I and will be targeted to very low income families in Portsmouth,
VA. The project involves the conversion of public housing units under the Rental
Assistance Demonstration program.







 &middot;       Dale Homes Phase II: Portsmouth, VA



 Member: TowneBank. Sponsored by: Portsmouth Redevelopment and Housing
Authority. Grant: $500,000 for 150 rental units. Total Development Cost:
$23,494,499.



 Description: AHP funds will be used in connection with the acquisition and
rehabilitation of an existing 150-unit public housing development known as Dale
Homes Phase II, and will be targeted to very low income families in Portsmouth,
VA. The project involves the conversion of public housing units under the Rental
Assistance Demonstration program.







 &middot;       Homeownership and Hope- Virginia: various sites, VA



 Member: Union Bank & Trust. Sponsored by: Greater Lynchburg Habitat for
Humanity (*). Secondary Sponsors: Habitat for Humanity in the Roanoke Valley and
Farmville Area Habitat for Humanity, Inc. Grant: $199,500 for 20 ownership
units. Total Development Cost: $3,380,305



 Description: AHP funds will be used for the construction and rehabilitation of
single family homes across Virginia. Eleven of the units will be new
construction and nine will be rehabilitation of existing and vacant houses.







 &middot;       Greater Charlottesville Habitat for Humanity: Charlottesville,
VA



 Member: Union Bank & Trust. Sponsored by: Greater Charlottesville Habitat for
Humanity. Grant: $186,200 for 19 ownership units. Total Development Cost:
$3,003,788.



 Description: AHP funds will go for the construction of single family homes in
Charlottesville, Virginia. Habitat for Humanity reserves at least 25 percent of
its homeownership opportunities for residents of public housing or who have with
Charlottesville Redevelopment and Housing Authority Housing Choice vouchers. All
of the proposed new homes are accessible with at least one no-step entryway and
are built to ENERGY STAR® 3 specifications.







 &middot;       Sun Valley Landings: Dublin and Radford, VA



 Member: Union Bank & Trust. Sponsored by: Community Housing Partners
Corporation. Grant: $246,333 for 42 rental units. Total Development Cost:
$5,326,516.



 Description: AHP funds will be used for the acquisition and rehabilitation of a
scattered site development of two properties. Sun Valley Landings will serve low
income households earning at or below 50 percent and 60 percent of the area
median income.





 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: August 5, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             314 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            August 4, 2016 Thursday

Washington: Sens. Warner, Kaine, Announce Nearly $7 Million to Support
Affordable Housing Development in Virginia

LENGTH: 3516  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: Office of the Senator Mark R. Warner has issued the following news
release:



 U.S. Sens. Mark R. Warner and Tim Kaine (both D-VA) announced today that 18
initiatives led by local financial institutions and non-profits in Virginia will
receive $6.6 million from the Federal Home Loan Bank of Atlanta (FHL-Bank
Atlanta)'s Affordable Housing Program (AHP) to support affordable housing
development in Virginia.





 "Affordable housing is one of the bedrocks of economic security and financial
stability for American families," said Sen. Warner. "These funds will provide
valuable resources for existing housing networks in Virginia, which are already
on the ground working to provide individuals with a place to live that is within
their reach. This support will help revitalize local neighborhoods, create jobs,
and encourage economic development within the Commonwealth."



 FHL-Bank Atlanta is one of the 11 regional banks in the Federal Home Loan Bank
System, providing commercial banks, credit unions, savings institutions,
community development financial institutions, and insurance companies within
seven southeastern states, including Virginia, with a reliable source of funding
for affordable home mortgages and community lending. More information on
FHL-Bank-Atlanta can be found here.



 The 18 awardees and programs descriptions are listed below:



 Lindsay Hill: Lorton, VA



 Member: Burke & Herbert Bank & Trust Company. Sponsored by: Community Housing
Partners Corporation. Grant: $275,000 for 55 rental units. Total Development
Cost: $15,077,337.



 Description: AHP funds will go toward the adaptive-reuse of five existing
historic buildings within the Spring Hill Senior Community Located in Lorton,
VA. Lindsay Hill will serve seniors age 62 and older and individuals with
disabilities in Fairfax County.



 Washburn Place: Marshall, VA



 Member: Middleburg Bank. Sponsored by: Windy Hill Foundation. Grant: $500,000
for 30 rental units. Total Development Cost: $8,998,123.



 Description: AHP funds will be used in connection with the new construction of
a 30-unit family housing project in Marshall, VA. Rent for the units will be
affordable to households at 40, 50, and 60 percent of the area median income.



 Robinson Park: Harrisonburg, VA



 Member: Branch Banking and Trust Company. Sponsored by: Southeastern Housing
Preservation, Inc. Grant: $243,909 for 88 rental units. Total Development Cost:
$11,624,106.



 Description: AHP funds will be used for the new construction of 88 units of
affordable rental housing to families earning 50 and 60 percent of the area
median income. Upon completion, Robinson Park will be EarthCraft Platinum
certified.



 The Village at Rockbridge: Lexington, VA



 Member: Branch Banking and Trust Company. Sponsored by: Mark-Dana Corporation.
Secondary Sponsor: Virginia United Methodist Housing Development Corporation.
Grant: $325,000 for 64 rental units. Total Development Cost: $4,368,570.



 Description: AHP funds will go toward the rehabilitation of a 64 unit
affordable apartment property in Lexington, VA. Rehabilitation will include
replacement of roofing, water fixtures, cabinets, doors, flooring, windows,
appliances, and HVAC units.



 Cavalier Senior Apartments: Petersburg, VA



 Member: Bank of America, National Association. Sponsored by: Humanities
Foundation, Inc. Grant: $471,911 for 80 rental units. Total Development Cost:
$11,686,838.



 Description: AHP funds will go toward a new construction development located in
the City of Petersburg, VA. The development will consist of 80 garden style
apartments for seniors and will be a mix of one and two-bedroom units targeting
residents at 40, 50, and 60 percent of the area median income.



 Jackson Ward Senior: Richmond, VA



 Member: Capital One, National Association. Sponsored by: Community Housing
Inc.. Grant: $500,000 for 72 rental units. Total Development Cost: $13,757,488.



 Description: The Jackson ward Senior building is part of the multiphase
redevelopment of a low income senior public housing site in Richmond, VA. The
new building will contain 72 one bedroom units and will be built to Earth Craft
Platinum standards.



 New Clay House II: Richmond, VA



 Member: Union Bank & Trust. Sponsored by: Virginia Supportive Housing. Grant:
$500,00 for 80 rental units. Total Development Cost: $14,845,886.



 Description: AHP funds will go toward the renovation and expansion of an
affordable housing development for formerly homeless individuals in Richmond.
After the renovation and expansion, at least 55 units will be reserved for
formerly homeless individuals and the remaining units will be reserved for
individuals earning at or below 50 percent of the area median income.



 Creekside Manor: Henrico, VA



 Member: Branch Banking and Trust Company. Sponsored by: Mark-Dana Corporation.
Secondary Sponsor: Virginia United Methodist Housing Development Corporation.
Grant: $500,000 for 97 rental units. Total Development Cost: $7,448,920.



 Description: AHP funds will go toward the rehabilitation of a 97-unit
affordable apartment property in Henrico, VA. Rehabilitation will include
replacement of roofing, water fixtures, cabinets, doors, flooring, windows,
appliances, and HVAC units.



  Village Green: Gloucester, VA



 Member: Branch Banking and Trust Company. Sponsored by: Southeastern Housing
Preservation, Inc. Grant: $168,736 for 32 rental units. Total Development Cost:
$3,227,197.



 Description: Village Green consists of the acquisition and rehabilitation of 32
existing multi-family units. Rehabilitation will include new windows, HVAC,
water heaters, appliances, roofs, siding, flooring, and improvements to
accessibility. Upon completion, the property will be EarthCraft certified.



 Cypress Landing: Chesapeake, VA



 Member: TowneBank. Sponsored by: Second Act Communities. Grant: $500,000 for 50
rental units. Total Development Cost: $10,448,624.



 Description: AHP funds will go toward the construction of an apartment
development containing 44 one-bedroom units and six two-bedroom units. The
development will serve very low-income disabled and/or homeless veterans.
Thirty-eight units will serve veterans who have incomes at or below 30 percent
of the area median income and the remaining 12 units will serve veterans who
have incomes at or below 50 percent of the area median income.



 King's Arms: Hampton, VA



 Member: The Old Point National Bank of Phoebus. Sponsored by: Hampton
Redevelopment and Housing Authority. Grant: $500,000 for 48 rental units. Total
Development Cost: $9,466,152.



 Description: AHP funds will be used for the construction of a 48-unit
affordable senior independent housing development consisting of garden style
apartments. The development will include housing for elderly veterans.



 Ada Park: Newport News, VA



 Member: Branch Banking and Trust Company. Sponsored by: Southeastern Housing
Preservation, Inc. Grant: $202,295 for 42 rental units. Total Development Cost:
$7,998,558.



 Description: AHP funds will be used for the construction of an affordable
housing development which will provide 42 units of rental housing to families
earning below 65 percent of the area median income.



 Belleville Meadows: Suffolk, VA



 Member: Capital One, National Association. Sponsored by: Community Housing
Partners Corporation. Grant: $300,000 for 128 rental units. Total Development
Cost: $14,322,493.



 Description: AHP funds will be used for the rehabilitation of an existing
affordable housing development in Suffolk, VA. Rehabilitation will include new
flooring, roofing, energy efficient windows, kitchen appliances, faucets, and
showerheads.



 Dale Homes Phase I: Portsmouth, VA



 Member: TowneBank. Sponsored by: Portsmouth Redevelopment and Housing
Authority. Grant: $500,000 for 146 rental units. Total Development Cost:
$22,907,475.



 Description: AHP funds will be used in connection with the acquisition and
rehabilitation of an existing 146 unit public housing development known as Dale
Homes Phase I and will be targeted to very low income families in Portsmouth,
VA. The project involves the conversion of public housing units under the Rental
Assistance Demonstration program.



 Dale Homes Phase II: Portsmouth, VA



 Member: TowneBank. Sponsored by: Portsmouth Redevelopment and Housing
Authority. Grant: $500,000 for 150 rental units. Total Development Cost:
$23,494,499.



 Description: AHP funds will be used in connection with the acquisition and
rehabilitation of an existing 150-unit public housing development known as Dale
Homes Phase II, and will be targeted to very low income families in Portsmouth,
VA. The project involves the conversion of public housing units under the Rental
Assistance Demonstration program.



 Homeownership and Hope- Virginia: various sites, VA



 Member: Union Bank & Trust. Sponsored by: Greater Lynchburg Habitat for
Humanity (*). Secondary Sponsors: Habitat for Humanity in the Roanoke Valley and
Farmville Area Habitat for Humanity, Inc. Grant: $199,500 for 20 ownership
units. Total Development Cost: $3,380,305



 Description: AHP funds will be used for the construction and rehabilitation of
single family homes across Virginia. Eleven of the units will be new
construction and nine will be rehabilitation of existing and vacant houses.



 Greater Charlottesville Habitat for Humanity: Charlottesville, VA



 Member: Union Bank & Trust. Sponsored by: Greater Charlottesville Habitat for
Humanity. Grant: $186,200 for 19 ownership units. Total Development Cost:
$3,003,788.



 Description: AHP funds will go for the construction of single family homes in
Charlottesville, Virginia. Habitat for Humanity reserves at least 25 percent of
its homeownership opportunities for residents of public housing or who have with
Charlottesville Redevelopment and Housing Authority Housing Choice vouchers. All
of the proposed new homes are accessible with at least one no-step entryway and
are built to ENERGY STAR® 3 specifications.



 Sun Valley Landings: Dublin and Radford, VA



 Member: Union Bank & Trust. Sponsored by: Community Housing Partners
Corporation. Grant: $246,333 for 42 rental units. Total Development Cost:
$5,326,516.



 Description: AHP funds will be used for the acquisition and rehabilitation of a
scattered site development of two properties. Sun Valley Landings will serve low
income households earning at or below 50 percent and 60 percent of the area
median income.







 ###



 WASHINGTON - U.S. Sens. Mark R. Warner and Tim Kaine (both D-VA) announced
today that 18 initiatives led by local financial institutions and non-profits in
Virginia will receive $6.6 million from the Federal Home Loan Bank of Atlanta
(FHL-Bank Atlanta)'s Affordable Housing Program (AHP) to support affordable
housing development in Virginia.







 "Affordable housing is one of the bedrocks of economic security and financial
stability for American families," said Sen. Warner. "These funds will provide
valuable resources for existing housing networks in Virginia, which are already
on the ground working to provide individuals with a place to live that is within
their reach. This support will help revitalize local neighborhoods, create jobs,
and encourage economic development within the Commonwealth."







 FHL-Bank Atlanta is one of the 11 regional banks in the Federal Home Loan Bank
System, providing commercial banks, credit unions, savings institutions,
community development financial institutions, and insurance companies within
seven southeastern states, including Virginia, with a reliable source of funding
for affordable home mortgages and community lending. More information on
FHL-Bank-Atlanta can be found here.







 The 18 awardees and programs descriptions are listed below:







 &middot;       Lindsay Hill: Lorton, VA



 Member: Burke & Herbert Bank & Trust Company. Sponsored by: Community Housing
Partners Corporation. Grant: $275,000 for 55 rental units. Total Development
Cost: $15,077,337.



 Description: AHP funds will go toward the adaptive-reuse of five existing
historic buildings within the Spring Hill Senior Community Located in Lorton,
VA. Lindsay Hill will serve seniors age 62 and older and individuals with
disabilities in Fairfax County.







 &middot;       Washburn Place: Marshall, VA



 Member: Middleburg Bank. Sponsored by: Windy Hill Foundation. Grant: $500,000
for 30 rental units. Total Development Cost: $8,998,123.



 Description: AHP funds will be used in connection with the new construction of
a 30-unit family housing project in Marshall, VA. Rent for the units will be
affordable to households at 40, 50, and 60 percent of the area median income.







 &middot;       Robinson Park: Harrisonburg, VA



 Member: Branch Banking and Trust Company. Sponsored by: Southeastern Housing
Preservation, Inc. Grant: $243,909 for 88 rental units. Total Development Cost:
$11,624,106.



 Description: AHP funds will be used for the new construction of 88 units of
affordable rental housing to families earning 50 and 60 percent of the area
median income. Upon completion, Robinson Park will be EarthCraft Platinum
certified.







 &middot;       The Village at Rockbridge: Lexington, VA



 Member: Branch Banking and Trust Company. Sponsored by: Mark-Dana Corporation.
Secondary Sponsor: Virginia United Methodist Housing Development Corporation.
Grant: $325,000 for 64 rental units. Total Development Cost: $4,368,570.



 Description: AHP funds will go toward the rehabilitation of a 64 unit
affordable apartment property in Lexington, VA. Rehabilitation will include
replacement of roofing, water fixtures, cabinets, doors, flooring, windows,
appliances, and HVAC units.







 &middot;       Cavalier Senior Apartments: Petersburg, VA



 Member: Bank of America, National Association. Sponsored by: Humanities
Foundation, Inc. Grant: $471,911 for 80 rental units. Total Development Cost:
$11,686,838.



 Description: AHP funds will go toward a new construction development located in
the City of Petersburg, VA. The development will consist of 80 garden style
apartments for seniors and will be a mix of one and two-bedroom units targeting
residents at 40, 50, and 60 percent of the area median income.







 &middot;       Jackson Ward Senior: Richmond, VA



 Member: Capital One, National Association. Sponsored by: Community Housing
Inc.. Grant: $500,000 for 72 rental units. Total Development Cost: $13,757,488.



 Description: The Jackson ward Senior building is part of the multiphase
redevelopment of a low income senior public housing site in Richmond, VA. The
new building will contain 72 one bedroom units and will be built to Earth Craft
Platinum standards.







 &middot;       New Clay House II: Richmond, VA



 Member: Union Bank & Trust. Sponsored by: Virginia Supportive Housing. Grant:
$500,00 for 80 rental units. Total Development Cost: $14,845,886.



 Description: AHP funds will go toward the renovation and expansion of an
affordable housing development for formerly homeless individuals in Richmond.
After the renovation and expansion, at least 55 units will be reserved for
formerly homeless individuals and the remaining units will be reserved for
individuals earning at or below 50 percent of the area median income.







 &middot;       Creekside Manor: Henrico, VA

 Member: Branch Banking and Trust Company. Sponsored by: Mark-Dana Corporation.
Secondary Sponsor: Virginia United Methodist Housing Development Corporation.
Grant: $500,000 for 97 rental units. Total Development Cost: $7,448,920.



 Description: AHP funds will go toward the rehabilitation of a 97-unit
affordable apartment property in Henrico, VA. Rehabilitation will include
replacement of roofing, water fixtures, cabinets, doors, flooring, windows,
appliances, and HVAC units.







 &middot;       Village Green: Gloucester, VA



 Member: Branch Banking and Trust Company. Sponsored by: Southeastern Housing
Preservation, Inc. Grant: $168,736 for 32 rental units. Total Development Cost:
$3,227,197.



 Description: Village Green consists of the acquisition and rehabilitation of 32
existing multi-family units. Rehabilitation will include new windows, HVAC,
water heaters, appliances, roofs, siding, flooring, and improvements to
accessibility. Upon completion, the property will be EarthCraft certified.







 &middot;       Cypress Landing: Chesapeake, VA



 Member: TowneBank. Sponsored by: Second Act Communities. Grant: $500,000 for 50
rental units. Total Development Cost: $10,448,624.



 Description: AHP funds will go toward the construction of an apartment
development containing 44 one-bedroom units and six two-bedroom units. The
development will serve very low-income disabled and/or homeless veterans.
Thirty-eight units will serve veterans who have incomes at or below 30 percent
of the area median income and the remaining 12 units will serve veterans who
have incomes at or below 50 percent of the area median income.



 &middot;       King's Arms: Hampton, VA



 Member: The Old Point National Bank of Phoebus. Sponsored by: Hampton
Redevelopment and Housing Authority. Grant: $500,000 for 48 rental units. Total
Development Cost: $9,466,152.



 Description: AHP funds will be used for the construction of a 48-unit
affordable senior independent housing development consisting of garden style
apartments. The development will include housing for elderly veterans.







 &middot;       Ada Park: Newport News, VA



 Member: Branch Banking and Trust Company. Sponsored by: Southeastern Housing
Preservation, Inc. Grant: $202,295 for 42 rental units. Total Development Cost:
$7,998,558.



 Description: AHP funds will be used for the construction of an affordable
housing development which will provide 42 units of rental housing to families
earning below 65 percent of the area median income.







 &middot;       Belleville Meadows: Suffolk, VA



 Member: Capital One, National Association. Sponsored by: Community Housing
Partners Corporation. Grant: $300,000 for 128 rental units. Total Development
Cost: $14,322,493.



 Description: AHP funds will be used for the rehabilitation of an existing
affordable housing development in Suffolk, VA. Rehabilitation will include new
flooring, roofing, energy efficient windows, kitchen appliances, faucets, and
showerheads.







 &middot;       Dale Homes Phase I: Portsmouth, VA



 Member: TowneBank. Sponsored by: Portsmouth Redevelopment and Housing
Authority. Grant: $500,000 for 146 rental units. Total Development Cost:
$22,907,475.



 Description: AHP funds will be used in connection with the acquisition and
rehabilitation of an existing 146 unit public housing development known as Dale
Homes Phase I and will be targeted to very low income families in Portsmouth,
VA. The project involves the conversion of public housing units under the Rental
Assistance Demonstration program.







 &middot;       Dale Homes Phase II: Portsmouth, VA



 Member: TowneBank. Sponsored by: Portsmouth Redevelopment and Housing
Authority. Grant: $500,000 for 150 rental units. Total Development Cost:
$23,494,499.



 Description: AHP funds will be used in connection with the acquisition and
rehabilitation of an existing 150-unit public housing development known as Dale
Homes Phase II, and will be targeted to very low income families in Portsmouth,
VA. The project involves the conversion of public housing units under the Rental
Assistance Demonstration program.







 &middot;       Homeownership and Hope- Virginia: various sites, VA



 Member: Union Bank & Trust. Sponsored by: Greater Lynchburg Habitat for
Humanity (*). Secondary Sponsors: Habitat for Humanity in the Roanoke Valley and
Farmville Area Habitat for Humanity, Inc. Grant: $199,500 for 20 ownership
units. Total Development Cost: $3,380,305



 Description: AHP funds will be used for the construction and rehabilitation of
single family homes across Virginia. Eleven of the units will be new
construction and nine will be rehabilitation of existing and vacant houses.







 &middot;       Greater Charlottesville Habitat for Humanity: Charlottesville,
VA



 Member: Union Bank & Trust. Sponsored by: Greater Charlottesville Habitat for
Humanity. Grant: $186,200 for 19 ownership units. Total Development Cost:
$3,003,788.



 Description: AHP funds will go for the construction of single family homes in
Charlottesville, Virginia. Habitat for Humanity reserves at least 25 percent of
its homeownership opportunities for residents of public housing or who have with
Charlottesville Redevelopment and Housing Authority Housing Choice vouchers. All
of the proposed new homes are accessible with at least one no-step entryway and
are built to ENERGY STAR® 3 specifications.







 &middot;       Sun Valley Landings: Dublin and Radford, VA



 Member: Union Bank & Trust. Sponsored by: Community Housing Partners
Corporation. Grant: $246,333 for 42 rental units. Total Development Cost:
$5,326,516.



 Description: AHP funds will be used for the acquisition and rehabilitation of a
scattered site development of two properties. Sun Valley Landings will serve low
income households earning at or below 50 percent and 60 percent of the area
median income.





 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: August 5, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             315 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                     San Mateo County Times (San Mateo, CA)

                           October 16, 2002 Wednesday

Housing advocates, fiscal conservatives clash over Prop 46;
Critics say this is no time for state to be generous to 60,000 homebuyers

BYLINE: By Steve Geissinger SACRAMENTO BUREAU

SECTION: FRONT PAGE

LENGTH: 1214 words

DATELINE: SACRAMENTO


It is one of the ugliest problems that Californians face, inflicting a terrible
human toll, right out in the open for everyone to see.

The slowly unfolding tragedy of homelessness has now spread to more than 360,000
people across California -- a state where few own their homes, compared to the
rest of the nation, and where low-income renters outnumber affordable rental
units 2-to-1.

The housing crisis is even more severe in the Bay Area, where in some places
only 1-in-10 households can afford to buy a median-priced home.

Solutions are complex and elusive, state and local government officials agree.

But affordable housing advocates and builders from the Bay Area to the Central
Valley to Los Angeles say a proposed $2.1 billion housing bond on the Nov. 5
general-election ballot would begin to slow the deepening crisis -- an assertion
rejected by taxpayer groups that oppose Proposition 46.

The housing bond proposal -- the largest of its kind in California history --
would provide more than $1 billion toward construction of multi-family
dwellings, more than $400 million to foster home ownership, $385 million for
homeless shelters and other needs, and $200 million for farm worker housing.

All told, the proposition would be used -- together with other government monies
-- to provide annual subsidies for about 25,000 multi-family units and about
10,000 farm-worker households. The funds also would provide down payment
assistance to about60,000 homebuyers and help provide space for 30,000
homeless-shelter beds.

"The shortage of affordable housing is at a crisis level in California," says
Senate leader John Burton, a San Francisco Democrat who authored legislation
that -- with the signature of Democratic Gov. Gray Davis -- placed the measure
on the ballot.

"This bond will help people find decent rental housing, buy affordable homes and
help homeless people and individuals with mental illness stay off the streets,"
he says.

Tax watchdog groups and many Republican lawmakers, however, say Proposition 46
is an ineffective proposal that would, in large measure, only plunge the state
deeper into debt it can ill afford.

"What do families, major corporations and governments have in common?" asks Sen.
Ray Haynes, a Riverside Republican who voted against the proposal. "They all
collapse when they have too much debt."

"California is already on the brink of bankruptcy and now is not the time to be
going further into debt," he says.

Despite the clashing rhetoric from the two sides, voters won't see much of a
campaign over the measure. Supporters have nearly $1 million for the final
stretch but the war chest is far too small for a TV ad blitz.

Meanwhile, campaign finance records at the Secretary of State's Office show that
foes have formed neither a fund-raising committee, nor put any money into their
effort.

The "Yes on 46" committee -- which calls itself "a coalition of seniors, women,
teachers, law enforcement, home builders, labor and businesses" -- had $512,879
on hand at the close of the last reporting period, Sept. 30.

The California Building Industry Association formed a committee to support
Proposition 46, as well as Proposition 47, a proposed $13 billion school
construction bond on the Nov. 5 ballot. That committee had $367,573 on hand at
the close of the reporting period.

Though there has been little polling on Proposition 46, a survey by the San
Francisco-based Public Policy Institute of California last month assessed the
mood of voters who will decide the fate of a total of $18 billion in proposed
state bonds in the general election.

Voters appear generally supportive of issuing bonds to finance major projects
but are divided about using them in a time of budget deficits, the poll found.

Overall, 69 percent of likely voters said it is a good idea for the state to
issue bonds to pay for infrastructure projects, including majorities of
Democrats , Republicans and independents .

However, asked about the use of the bonds in the current budget climate, only 44
percent said it is a good time to issue bonds while 46 percent said it is a bad
time.

Democratic state Treasurer Phil Angelides and proponents of the housing bond
say, however, that despite the troubled economy, the state can handle the extra
debt load and take advantage of the current low interest rates for borrowing.
And the measure would actually help the economy by creating about 275,000 jobs,
supporters say.

It would cost the state about $4.7 billion over 30 years to pay off both the
$2.1 billion principal and $2.6 billion in interest on the bonds, according to
the state Legislative Analyst's Office.Payments on the general-obligation bonds
would consume about $157 million annually from the state's general fund.

The largest chunk of proceeds from Proposition 46 -- $1.1 billion -- would be
used to provide low-interest loans to developers of homes and apartments for
low-income residents.

It allocates $405 million to encourage home ownership for low- and
moderate-income Californians. Most of the money would be used to provide down
payment assistance to home buyers through low-interest loans or grants.

About $385 million would be used for programs such as construction of homeless
shelters and $200 million would be used to provide loans and grants to the
developers of farmworker housing.

The amount of funds the state has provided to these kinds of housing programs
has varied considerably over time.

In 1988 and 1990, voters approved a total of $600 million in bonds for state
housing programs -- money that has been spent.

Since that time the state has typically spent less than $20 million annually in
general-fund monies on the housing crisis, though it recently made a one-time
allocation of more than $350 million for housing programs.

It hasn't been enough, say foes, who point to an assessment of the crisis by the
state Office of Emergency Services.

"Last year, 23,000 women and children were turned away from domestic violence
centers due to inadequate space," said OES Director Dallas Jones. "More and more
senior citizens are homeless or forced into nursing homes because they cannot
afford rent increases.

"Our homeless shelters are overflowing and most don't have special facilities
for families with children."

But foes of the measure said that throwing money at the problem hasn't worked in
the past and won't in the future.

National Tax Limitation Committee President Lew Uhler calls Proposition 46 "a
classic government boondoggle" because it was "higher fees, taxes, and strict
regulations that made housing unaffordable in California" in the first place.

Instead of addressing those underlying problems, the state wants to bolster its
existing general-obligation bond debt of $26.9 billion, say foes of the measure.

"With every pile of debt California takes on, our credit rating drops, and our
interest rates go up, forcing you to pay even more for government's mistakes and
whims," says Jon Coupal, president of the Howard Jarvis Taxpayers Association.

"Even worse," he says, "'your children will be paying off this bond long after
the money has been spent."

LOAD-DATE: June 17, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

            Copyright 2002 MediaNews Group, Inc. and ANG Newspapers


                             316 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        San Bernardino Sun (California)

                             March 17, 2008 Monday

6:19 p.m.: Proposed Redlands law targets absentee landlords

BYLINE: By Andrew Edwards, Staff Writer

SECTION: BREAKING; News

LENGTH: 478 words


REDLANDS - Absentee landlords could soon find themselves as the city's next
target.

A request for council action warns that Redlands is home to substandard and
unsanitary buildings that exacerbate local crime and health risks while
detracting from their surrounding neighborhoods.

Mayor Jon Harrison said by telephone Monday that he thinks Inland Empire
governments need to pay attention to blight.

"Those that don't participate may be places where we see problems intensify," he
said.

But the city needs to fine-tune its strategy first. Redlands is moving towards
putting a new law on the books that would require landlords to purchase rental
licenses but that plan is not completely fleshed out.

As currently proposed, the new law would give the city power to inspect
apartments and other residential rental property, require that landlords supply
City Hall with a confidential 24-hour contact number and also mandate smoke
alarms to be installed in rental properties.

City Hall has not yet figured out how much the proposed rental licenses would
cost. The City Council is scheduled to discuss Tuesday whether city staffers
should include in the law a provision that would reduce rental license fees if
landlords participate in crime-free housing programs.

Redlands Police have a Crime Free Multi-Family Housing Program built around an
eight-hour workshop that's intended to teach landlords on subjects such as how
to screen renters, work with police and manage evictions.

Karen Fricke, executive director of the Apartment Association Greater Inland
Empire said her organization supports Redlands' proposal if landlords can score
a fee reduction for participating in a crime free housing program.

"We know for a fact that an educated rental owner makes a good rental owner,"
she said.

But reducing fees would require the city to find some source of money to pay for
the proposed law's enforcement. Money is tight in Redlands, and the City Council
recently voted to shave $622,000 from the budget as officials expect sales tax
revenues to decline as the economy slows down.

Redlands currently employs only a single code enforcement officer. Quality of
Life director Gary Van Dorst said he plans to soon hire a second, and putting
this new law on the books could require hiring a third employee devoted to
looking at apartments and other rentals.

The city's former community development director, Jeff Shaw, is giving the city
advice on the rental proposal. He said the city is following similar laws that
have been adopted by Grand Terrace and county government.

In addition to the fact that Redlands still needs to figure out a fee structure
for its version of the program, city officials also have yet to decide how
extensive rental inspections will be.

The council is scheduled to discuss the idea at its 3 p.m. meeting today at City
Hall, 35 Cajon Street.

andrew.edwards@sbsun.com

LOAD-DATE: March 18, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2008 MediaNews Group, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             317 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     The Leader-Post (Regina, Saskatchewan)

                             October 3, 2008 Friday
                                 Final Edition

Urban band members get help finding homes

BYLINE: Anne Kyle, Leader-Post

SECTION: CITY & PROVINCE; Pg. A3

LENGTH: 386  words


A joint venture by five First Nations in partnership with Conexus Credit Union
and other financial institutions will help urban band members access affordable
housing and become homeowners.

Prairie Lodge Urban Housing Inc., which is jointly owned by the Pasqua and
Cowessess First Nations, has expanded its program to include the White Bear,
George Gordon and Carry the Kettle First Nations.

The company has already built five homes in Regina which have been turned over
to off-reserve band members under the affordable housing-home ownership program.

But as funding under the federal-provincial affordable housing program dried up,
the company switched focus. In the past year Prairie Lodge put all new
construction projects on hold while it shored up its organizational structure as
it awaits word on federal-provincial funding for a new affordable housing
program.

"We are looking at doing some other projects,'' said company spokesman Ted
Goodnough, explaining the joint venture with a number of bands provides the
company with a larger financial base and more clout in the marketplace.

"We felt we could meet the needs of the homeowners a lot easier, as well as
rentals (affordable apartments for students and seniors) if we had a number of
bands involved. We probably would have more clout with government and everybody
else as well.''

Goodnough said the company's mission is to make available affordable housing to
those families that otherwise would not have the ability to own their own homes
and to revitalize older neighbourhoods in the city.

To be part of the affordable housing program individuals must qualify for a
mortgage, meet the criteria laid out under any affording housing program, and
participate in a financing and home maintenance program. Each qualified
homeowner will also have the option of contributing $3,000 or more in sweat
equity.

Goodnough said the company will be working with the city on a five-year plan to
build infill housing and develop multi-family rental units on vacant city land.
The hope is to build 10 houses per year.

Prairie Lodge is also hoping to set up a construction company to build the homes
and provide employment opportunities for people who are on a trades training
program.

An information night will be held at 6 p.m. on Oct. 10 at the Gathering Place,
4001 3rd Ave. N.

LOAD-DATE: October 3, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


  Copyright 2008 The Leader-Post, a division of Canwest MediaWorks Publication
                                      Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             318 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       Palo Alto Daily News (California)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                            April 14, 2016 Thursday

Menlo Park: Nonprofits double down on affordable housing

BYLINE: Kevin Kelly, Palo Alto Daily News, Calif.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 881 words


April 14--MENLO PARK -- Two powerhouses that tackle housing affordability in
Menlo Park are joining forces.

MidPen Housing announced April 6 that it has tapped Hello Housing as an
affiliate to help it craft solutions to the housing crisis in the Bay Area, the
nation's most expensive market.

In San Mateo County alone, median incomes in the past five years have risen just
2.5 percent, while average rents have jumped 60 percent and single-family home
prices are up 45 percent, according to Hello Housing.

Given that MidPen is Menlo Park's most visible partner on below-market housing,
with 167 rental units and as many as 91 in the pipeline -- and Hello Housing
administers the city's below-market-rate programs, the partnership could have an
impact in Menlo Park.

Before the partnership was a week old, Hello Housing Executive Director Mardie
Oakes said the nonprofits are already looking to purchase 40 homes in Belle
Haven and East Palo Alto to protect and possibly rehabilitate, some of which
otherwise would face foreclosure.

Hello Housing brings expertise in managing and preserving nearly 1,000
below-market-rate homes in the Bay Area. As part of the alliance, the pair will
study how to "incubate ideas that housing innovators have previously been unable
to fit into existing funding mechanisms," according to the county, which is
providing MidPen and Hello Housing with $200,000 of Measure A funds toward the
study.

In East Palo Alto and Belle Haven, according to Hello Housing, rents increased
14 percent in 2015 and 160 percent since 2010. At the same time, a 2014 American
Community Survey report found the annual median income for a Belle Haven
household was $53,971 -- citywide, the median was more than double that at
$115,650.

According to a letter Community Legal Services in East Palo Alto submitted to
the Menlo Park City Council this week, a UC Berkeley study on urban displacement
determined that more than half of Menlo Park's census tracts are undergoing
displacement or at risk of displacement.

At a county seminar last weekend, county Supervisor Warren Slocum noted that 25
percent of people working in the county earned less than $40,000 in 2014, when
the annual salary needed to afford a market-rate apartment stood at $110,000.

"We've got a big disparity," said Jan Lindenthal, MidPen Housing's vice
president of real estate development. "Obviously, we're increasingly partnering
with employers to help them find solutions for their employees."

MidPen is a much larger organization than its new partner. Since 1970, it has
developed more than 7,500 affordable multi-family units worth more than $1
billion and has built a large pool of corporate sponsors and donors.

"We're trying to expand our mission impact," Lindenthal said. "We've been a
developer for multi-family housing, but the needs are much greater than that.
... A lot of housing stock, especially in East Palo Alto (and Belle Haven) is
rental stock. Those people are at risk of displacement in a rapidly escalating
market.

"That was the genesis of our proposal to the county; rather than reinventing the
wheel, here is an agency already doing that. ... We give Hello (Housing) more
gas in the tank, so to speak, and they give us more tools, as well."

MidPen essentially is able to bankroll Hello's programs. Prior to the
partnership, Hello Housing, which over its past 11 years has developed 125
affordable single-family homes, wasn't able to purchase houses to preserve as
affordable.

"We're looking at the potentiality of buying homes at market rate," Oakes said.
"It's on the table now that we could buy single-family homes that are already
occupied ... and keep them in place."

Jim Cogan, Menlo Park's economic and housing development manager, said he was
uncertain whether the partnership would create more affordable housing in the
city.

"Any change to either relationship isn't something I've had any conversations
about," Cogan said. "Maybe we create new opportunities or new ideas on how to
provide more housing units. I'm always looking for more strategies on how to
build affordable units."

The state in 2014 ordered the city to come up with 655 new housing units by
2022, of which 362 must be for low-income residents. The city envisions
constructing or rehabbing 1,310 units by 2023, of which 720 would be below
market rate.

Cogan said the City Council could vote May 3 on changes to residential rental
developments, mandating that developers set aside a portion of properties for
below-market units or pay fees into a rental fund.

MidPen is redeveloping Sequioa Belle Haven, formerly a 48-unit senior housing
development, on the 1200 block of Willow Road, and adding 42 units. That
development is slated to open in February with $3.2 million in support from the
city.

MidPen also received a $1.4 million grant last year to rehab two properties it
has along Pierce Road in Menlo Park, and it plans to boost those units from four
to 17.

Earlier this week, MidPen was chosen to develop up to 137 below-market units on
city-owned land in Redwood City.

Email Kevin Kelly at kkelly@dailynewsgroup.com or call him at 650-391-1049.

___ (c)2016 the Palo Alto Daily News (Menlo Park, Calif.) Visit the Palo Alto
Daily News (Menlo Park, Calif.) at www.paloaltodailynews.com Distributed by
Tribune Content Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: April 16, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20160414-PL-Menlo-Park-Nonprofits-double-down-on-affordable-housing
-0414-20160414

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: PL


                      Copyright 2016 Palo Alto Daily News


                             319 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     The Press Democrat, Santa Rosa, Calif.

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                              June 5, 2012 Tuesday

Funding for affordable housing dries up

BYLINE: Robert Digitale, The Press Democrat, Santa Rosa, Calif.

SECTION: BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL NEWS

LENGTH: 743 words


June 05--Even as Sonoma County faces tremendous demand for government-subsidized
apartments, affordable housing proponents say the money to pay for new projects
is drying up.

Housing groups expect to lose $1 billion a year in redevelopment funds as a
result of recent cutbacks. Other state and federal funds have been reduced or
eliminated.

"The funding has just been decimated," said Matt Schwartz, president and CEO of
the California Housing Partnership Corporation in San Francisco.

Schwartz was in Santa Rosa on Monday to speak to an annual breakfast gathering
of the Sonoma County Housing Coalition, a consortium of housing groups and
advocates.

Cities and counties had their redevelopment agencies dissolved earlier this year
in a money-saving move to balance the state budget. While advocates haven't done
a study on the impact in Sonoma County, the amount of lost redevelopment funds
for local housing probably approaches $15 million a year, said John Lowry,
executive director of Burbank Housing, a nonprofit builder in Santa Rosa.

Apartment rents climbed 2 percent in Sonoma County during the first quarter,
when the average rent rose to to $1,242 per month, up from $1,218 in the fourth
quarter of 2011, according to RealFacts, a Novato company specializing in the
apartment market.

The county's apartment vacancy rate declined slightly to 4 percent in the first
quarter of the year. Housing advocates say a balanced market would be about 5
percent.

The market is even tighter for low-income housing. The vacancy rate is about 1.5
percent for the nearly 2,700 rental units that Burbank Housing manages, Lowry
said. As soon as one tenant leaves a unit, another is ready to move in.

Real estate experts for months have been predicting greater demand and higher
rents in the nation's rental market. They note that home ownership in the first
quarter fell to 65.4 percent, the lowest level in 15 years. And the nation's
housing stock has grown little in the past four years, largely because buyers
can acquire existing houses for considerably less money than the cost of new
ones.

Still available is a top source of funds for affordable apartments, a federal
tax credit for low-income housing. Over the past 20 years, Lowry said, most of
the apartments built in Sonoma County by for-profit and nonprofit builders alike
has been partly financed by those tax credits.

But Schwartz told Monday's gathering of more than 120 people at the Flamingo
Hotel that the tax credit in the next year may be eliminated as Congress looks
for ways to reduce the federal deficit. Should the tax credit end, he said, the
building of low-income rental housing essentially "would come to a halt."

Around the county, groups for now are still finding ways to build.

Burbank still has one project underway with old sources of funding, a 66-unit
project just begun on Petaluma Boulevard North in Petaluma.

The money for the $25.6 million project includes $3.65 million in redevelopment
funds, a $4 million federal HOME grant, $6.1 million in state multi-family
housing funds, a $900,000 loan and about $11 million in low-income tax credits.

The HOME grant program has been cut in half, advocates said, and the state has
run out of multi-family housing funds.

Burbank expects to receive about 600 applications for the 66 units, which will
rent for between $400 and $710 a month for a one-bedroom apartment. To qualify,
a family of two could make no more than $33,050 a year.

In Santa Rosa, a facility this summer will provide temporary housing for up to
15 military veterans. The facility on West Hearn Avenue was developed by
Community Housing Sonoma County and will be operated by Vietnam Veterans of
California. Vets will receive a variety of services and be able to stay at the
home for up to two years.

"As a community, we have a responsibility to take care of the people who've
served us in the military," said Paula Cooke, Community Housing's executive
director. "That includes housing and services."

Also opening soon will be a 44-unit senior citizen project on Acacia Lane in
Santa Rosa, developed by Petaluma Ecumenical Properties.

A typical senior remains on the group's waiting list for two years before
receiving an apartment.

"We just can't build them fast enough," said Rebecca Spencer, the group's
fundraising director.

___ (c)2012 The Press Democrat (Santa Rosa, Calif.) Visit The Press Democrat
(Santa Rosa, Calif.) at www.pressdemocrat.com Distributed by MCT Information
Services

LOAD-DATE: June 5, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20120605-UR-Funding-for-affordable-housing-dries-up-0605-20120605

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: UR


                                 Copyright 2012


                             320 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     The Press Democrat, Santa Rosa, Calif.

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                              June 4, 2012 Monday

Funding for affordable housing dries up

BYLINE: Robert Digitale, The Press Democrat, Santa Rosa, Calif.

SECTION: BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL NEWS

LENGTH: 743 words


June 04--Even as Sonoma County faces tremendous demand for government-subsidized
apartments, affordable housing proponents say the money to pay for new projects
is drying up.

Housing groups expect to lose $1 billion a year in redevelopment funds as a
result of recent cutbacks. Other state and federal funds have been reduced or
eliminated.

"The funding has just been decimated," said Matt Schwartz, president and CEO of
the California Housing Partnership Corporation in San Francisco.

Schwartz was in Santa Rosa on Monday to speak to an annual breakfast gathering
of the Sonoma County Housing Coalition, a consortium of housing groups and
advocates.

Cities and counties had their redevelopment agencies dissolved earlier this year
in a money-saving move to balance the state budget. While advocates haven't done
a study on the impact in Sonoma County, the amount of lost redevelopment funds
for local housing probably approaches $15 million a year, said John Lowry,
executive director of Burbank Housing, a nonprofit builder in Santa Rosa.

Apartment rents climbed 2 percent in Sonoma County during the first quarter,
when the average rent rose to to $1,242 per month, up from $1,218 in the fourth
quarter of 2011, according to RealFacts, a Novato company specializing in the
apartment market.

The county's apartment vacancy rate declined slightly to 4 percent in the first
quarter of the year. Housing advocates say a balanced market would be about 5
percent.

The market is even tighter for low-income housing. The vacancy rate is about 1.5
percent for the nearly 2,700 rental units that Burbank Housing manages, Lowry
said. As soon as one tenant leaves a unit, another is ready to move in.

Real estate experts for months have been predicting greater demand and higher
rents in the nation's rental market. They note that home ownership in the first
quarter fell to 65.4 percent, the lowest level in 15 years. And the nation's
housing stock has grown little in the past four years, largely because buyers
can acquire existing houses for considerably less money than the cost of new
ones.

Still available is a top source of funds for affordable apartments, a federal
tax credit for low-income housing. Over the past 20 years, Lowry said, most of
the apartments built in Sonoma County by for-profit and nonprofit builders alike
has been partly financed by those tax credits.

But Schwartz told Monday's gathering of more than 120 people at the Flamingo
Hotel that the tax credit in the next year may be eliminated as Congress looks
for ways to reduce the federal deficit. Should the tax credit end, he said, the
building of low-income rental housing essentially "would come to a halt."

Around the county, groups for now are still finding ways to build.

Burbank still has one project underway with old sources of funding, a 66-unit
project just begun on Petaluma Boulevard North in Petaluma.

The money for the $25.6 million project includes $3.65 million in redevelopment
funds, a $4 million federal HOME grant, $6.1 million in state multi-family
housing funds, a $900,000 loan and about $11 million in low-income tax credits.

The HOME grant program has been cut in half, advocates said, and the state has
run out of multi-family housing funds.

Burbank expects to receive about 600 applications for the 66 units, which will
rent for between $400 and $710 a month for a one-bedroom apartment. To qualify,
a family of two could make no more than $33,050 a year.

In Santa Rosa, a facility this summer will provide temporary housing for up to
15 military veterans. The facility on West Hearn Avenue was developed by
Community Housing Sonoma County and will be operated by Vietnam Veterans of
California. Vets will receive a variety of services and be able to stay at the
home for up to two years.

"As a community, we have a responsibility to take care of the people who've
served us in the military," said Paula Cooke, Community Housing's executive
director. "That includes housing and services."

Also opening soon will be a 44-unit senior citizen project on Acacia Lane in
Santa Rosa, developed by Petaluma Ecumenical Properties.

A typical senior remains on the group's waiting list for two years before
receiving an apartment.

"We just can't build them fast enough," said Rebecca Spencer, the group's
fundraising director.

___ (c)2012 The Press Democrat (Santa Rosa, Calif.) Visit The Press Democrat
(Santa Rosa, Calif.) at www.pressdemocrat.com Distributed by MCT Information
Services

LOAD-DATE: June 5, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20120604-UR-Funding-for-affordable-housing-dries-up-0604-20120604

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: UR


                                 Copyright 2012


                             321 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        San Bernardino Sun (California)

                          September 2, 2015 Wednesday

Highland program targets crime levels at rentals

BYLINE: Sandra Emerson

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 643 words


HIGHLAND >> The City Council has approved a four-phased plan to implement San
Bernardino County s Crime Free Multi-Family Rental Housing Program aimed at
reducing crime, drugs and gang activity at rental properties.

In 1998, the city implemented the program, but it is not clear when or why the
program ended, according to the city staff report.

The program is listed as a high priority in the city s 2015-16 City Council Work
Program.

A lot of it is developing a relationship between the police and the apartment
owners and managers, so that they feel comfortable, that there s a program and
we re trying to help,  Councilman Sam Racadio said.

Highland s Public Safety Subcommittee in June and August reviewed a plan to
implement the program in phases beginning with larger apartment complexes and
gradually enrolling smaller facilities, according to the report.

The subcommittee recommended the City Council approve the ordinance, which they
did on Aug. 25.

The ordinance applies to multifamily housing complexes with four or more rental
units.

There are more than 85 multifamily complexes in the city, according to the staff
report. The complexes have more than 2,000 rental units.

Mountain Breeze Apartments enrolled in 2014. The first phase will include
speaking with the management team and collecting feedback to be used to improve
the city s implementation efforts.

Phase 2 will be enrolling multifamily complexes with 200 or more units.

Phase 3 will be enrolling complexes with 100 to 199 units. The city has
identified three complexes in the city with 100 to 199 units.

Phase 4 will be enrolling complexes with four to 99 units. There are 80
complexes in the city with four to 99 units.

The program requires all owners and operators of the complexes to participate in
seminars coordinated by the Sheriff s Department in Highland.

Following the seminar, an officer will conduct an inspection of the facility and
make recommendations to improve safety, such as trimming bushes, and installing
additional lighting and security cameras.

The officer will also review the eviction clause in the rental agreement.

The properties are registered in the city s Residential Rental Enhancement
Program, which ensures residential rental units comply with minimum health and
safety code standards, according to the city staff report.

Both programs are expected to reduce calls for service and code enforcement
services, which will reduce the long-term impacts to the city s General Fund,
according to the report.

I think anything we can do to help improve law enforcement activity to be
minimized in these apartments is worth trying, and apparently this has had
success in the past,  Councilman John Tiller said during the Aug. 25 meeting.

Retired Redlands Police Cpl. Rick Strobaugh became involved in the program in
Redlands in 1999. He continues to volunteer two days a week to assist with the
program.

Strobaugh said he noticed some apartment complexes generated many calls for
service.

Strobaugh then took the lead on the program and began working with apartment
managers to work on some of the problems in the complexes.

At the time, we had some apartment complexes where we were out 25 times a month
on calls for one issue or another,  he said.  Then once we started the
crime-free program, it dropped to two, three, four calls a month. Even those
were pretty minimal minor calls.

Strobaugh said they hold two trainings a year and meet with residents on a
regular basis.

He said the biggest part of the program is giving apartment managers and owners
a person in the department they can go to.

Some complexes are run by big corporations, but others are smaller places where
they don t really have an attorney on call, and they don t have the resources
that big huge complexes do, so it gives them somebody to contact and talk to and
help them handle issues or problems,  he said.

LOAD-DATE: September 3, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2015 MediaNews Group, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             322 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        San Bernardino Sun (California)

                           September 1, 2015 Tuesday

Highland program targets crime rate at rentals

BYLINE: Sandra Emerson

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 643 words


HIGHLAND >> The City Council has approved a four-phased plan to implement San
Bernardino County s Crime Free Multi-Family Rental Housing Program aimed at
reducing crime, drugs and gang activity at rental properties.

In 1998, the city implemented the program, but it is not clear when or why the
program ended, according to the city staff report.

The program is listed as a high priority in the city s 2015-16 City Council Work
Program.

A lot of it is developing a relationship between the police and the apartment
owners and managers, so that they feel comfortable, that there s a program and
we re trying to help,  Councilman Sam Racadio said.

Highland s Public Safety Subcommittee in June and August reviewed a plan to
implement the program in phases beginning with larger apartment complexes and
gradually enrolling smaller facilities, according to the report.

The subcommittee recommended the City Council approve the ordinance, which they
did on Aug. 25.

The ordinance applies to multifamily housing complexes with four or more rental
units.

There are more than 85 multifamily complexes in the city, according to the staff
report. The complexes have more than 2,000 rental units.

Mountain Breeze Apartments enrolled in 2014. The first phase will include
speaking with the management team and collecting feedback to be used to improve
the city s implementation efforts.

Phase 2 will be enrolling multifamily complexes with 200 or more units.

Phase 3 will be enrolling complexes with 100 to 199 units. The city has
identified three complexes in the city with 100 to 199 units.

Phase 4 will be enrolling complexes with four to 99 units. There are 80
complexes in the city with four to 99 units.

The program requires all owners and operators of the complexes to participate in
seminars coordinated by the Sheriff s Department in Highland.

Following the seminar, an officer will conduct an inspection of the facility and
make recommendations to improve safety, such as trimming bushes, and installing
additional lighting and security cameras.

The officer will also review the eviction clause in the rental agreement.

The properties are registered in the city s Residential Rental Enhancement
Program, which ensures residential rental units comply with minimum health and
safety code standards, according to the city staff report.

Both programs are expected to reduce calls for service and code enforcement
services, which will reduce the long-term impacts to the city s General Fund,
according to the report.

I think anything we can do to help improve law enforcement activity to be
minimized in these apartments is worth trying, and apparently this has had
success in the past,  Councilman John Tiller said during the Aug. 25 meeting.

Retired Redlands Police Cpl. Rick Strobaugh became involved in the program in
Redlands in 1999. He continues to volunteer two days a week to assist with the
program.

Strobaugh said he noticed some apartment complexes generated many calls for
service.

Strobaugh then took the lead on the program and began working with apartment
managers to work on some of the problems in the complexes.

At the time, we had some apartment complexes where we were out 25 times a month
on calls for one issue or another,  he said.  Then once we started the
crime-free program, it dropped to two, three, four calls a month. Even those
were pretty minimal minor calls.

Strobaugh said they hold two trainings a year and meet with residents on a
regular basis.

He said the biggest part of the program is giving apartment managers and owners
a person in the department they can go to.

Some complexes are run by big corporations, but others are smaller places where
they don t really have an attorney on call, and they don t have the resources
that big huge complexes do, so it gives them somebody to contact and talk to and
help them handle issues or problems,  he said.

LOAD-DATE: September 2, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2015 MediaNews Group, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             323 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              Chicago Daily Herald

                              March 5, 2010 Friday
                                   C1 Edition

Federal financing to boost affordable rental housing

SECTION: REAL ESTATE; Pg. 6

LENGTH: 250 words


Illinois recently launched a statewide Preservation Initiative to build and
preserve affordable rental homes.

Under the Multi-Family Initiative Bonds program, the state will make available
$184 million in tax-exempt bond financing for housing development.

This Illinois Housing Development Authority bond program was funded with the
help of a federal initiative announced in October. The federal initiative
assists housing finance agencies nationwide in expanding programs that encourage
the production of affordable homes.

In addition to new construction, the program also can help finance acquisition
and rehabilitation costs.

"We understand the need for affordable housing is on the rise as working
families struggle in this economy. By working with our partners, the new
Preservation Initiative will further IHDA's mission by tapping into a new
funding source to preserve affordable housing throughout the state," IHDA
Executive Director Gloria L. Materre said. "An added benefit will be the
creation of jobs."

IHDA is collaborating with officials representing the U.S. Department of Housing
and Urban Development, the Illinois Department of Commerce & Economic
Opportunity, the MacArthur Foundation and private developers. Developers with
affordable housing plans will apply for a portion of the available financing in
the coming months. More details will be posted at ihda.org.

IHDA is a self-supporting state agency that finances the creation and the
preservation of affordable housing across Illinois.

LOAD-DATE: March 5, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2010 Paddock Publications, Inc.


                             324 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       The Janesville Gazette (Wisconsin)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           September 18, 2007 Tuesday

Delavan commission punts on housing issue

BYLINE: Chris Schultz, The Janesville Gazette, Wis.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 344 words


Sep. 18--DELAVAN-It will be up to the city council to decide whether an acre at
Ann and Harrison streets should be rezoned to make way for an affordable housing
project proposed by Community Action of Rock and Walworth counties.

The Delavan Plan Commission has bowed out.

Community Action is asking that the land be rezoned from manufacturing to
multi-family.

On Monday, the commission sent those requests to the council without
recommendation.

The council is expected to take up the issues at its Oct. 9 meeting. A public
hearing on the rezoning request will be before the meeting.

Community Action is proposing a 24-unit apartment for residents who can't afford
market rent. The building would have 19 efficiency apartments, four one-bedroom
apartments and a two-bedroom manager's apartment. Rents would range from $300 to
$350.

Cost of construction has been estimated at $1.5 million. Sale of federal tax
credits to local investors would finance at least 60 percent of the project. The
agency is also asking the city to donate the land.

The building would be on the property tax rolls for at least the first 15 years.

To qualify, tenants would have to make between 30 to 60 percent of the Walworth
County median income, and they would have to pass a background check.

Community Action hopes to lease a community room in the building to a local
church organization to run a drop-in emergency homeless shelter.

Plan Commissioners said they recognize the need for people to find affordable
places to live in a county where home prices are out of reach of persons with
median incomes, and where rents run to $600 a month or more for small
apartments.

To see more of The Janesville Gazette, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.gazetteextra.com. Copyright (c) 2007, The Janesville Gazette, Wis.
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: September 19, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20070918-JG-Delavan-commission-punts-on-housing-issue-0918

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: JG


                     Copyright 2007 The Janesville Gazette


                             325 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Star-News (Wilmington, NC)

                            March 18, 2010 Thursday
                                  1ST Edition

Housing plan meeting canceled

BYLINE: Ken Little; Citydesk@StarNewsOnline.com

SECTION: Pg. 1B

LENGTH: 350 words


Belville

A nonprofit corporation that planned an informational meeting Thursday at
Belville Elementary School to discuss a plan to develop affordable housing units
on Chappell Loop Road abruptly canceled the meeting Wednesday.

Benjamin Quattlebaum, a consultant for the Navassa-based Countywide Community
Development Corp., wouldn't say why Wednesday, even though residents were
advised to contact Countywide CDC for more information.

Quattlebaum said there was a reason for the cancellation, but he would not
elaborate.

The meeting was to be held from 6 to 7:15 p.m. Thursday at the school to answer
questions about the plan to develop multi-family, affordable rental housing
units on property at 10295 Chappell Loop Road.

"We're going to reschedule it at a different time," Quattlebaum said. "I don't
have the date."

The land is zoned for single-family homes. Countywide CDC wants to build 64
rental units there. Belville Mayor Jack Batson said at the February board of
commissioners meeting that development plans must be reviewed by the town
planning board.

At that meeting, several residents living in the area of the proposed housing
project expressed concern about traffic and the potential effect on property
values.

Countywide CDC has an agreement with Brunswick County to develop the property.
Batson said at the February board meeting the nonprofit is working to move the
project forward.

The $8.5 million project would be backed by loans and funds from private
investors, who in turn would receive tax incentives.

In late February, the StarNews reported that Countywide CDC planned to buy the
property from its own chief executive officer, Louis "Bobby" Brown. County
records show that Brown owns the 27-acre site with county Board of Elections
Chairman Willie Sloan.

Quattlebaum, former director of the Wilmington Housing Authority, was asked
Wednesday if Countywide CDC will go forward with the project in light of the
canceled informational meeting.

"No comment," he said.

Countywide Community Development Corp. can be reached at (910) 383-1724.

Region desk: 343-2389

On Twitter.com: @StarNewsOnline

LOAD-DATE: March 18, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2010 Star-News, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             326 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                US Official News

                          November 18, 2015 Wednesday

Civil Rights Settlement Requires Major Real Estate Developer To Make Rental
Complexes Accessible To All New Yorkers

LENGTH: 1002 words

DATELINE: Lahore



    Office for the United States Attorneys,Southern District of New York has
issued the following news release:




 Preet Bharara, the United States Attorney for the Southern District of New
York, announced today that the United States has reached a settlement that
resolves a federal civil rights lawsuit against THE DURST ORGANIZATION, INC.

   (&ldquo;DURST&rdquo;), a major real estate developer based in New York City,
and DURST&rsquo;s affiliates and subsidiaries.  The lawsuit alleges that DURST
engaged in a pattern and practice of developing rental apartment buildings that
are inaccessible to persons with disabilities.  Under the settlement, DURST
agrees to establish procedures to ensure that its ongoing and future development
projects, such as the 2,400-unit Halletts Point development in Queens and the
709-unit VIA 57 West development in Manhattan, will comply with the
accessibility requirements of the federal Fair Housing Act (&ldquo;FHA&rdquo;).
DURST also agrees to make two apartment buildings in Manhattan containing more
than 1,000 units &ndash; The Helena and The Epic &ndash; more accessible to
individuals with disabilities.  Finally, DURST agrees to provide up to $515,000
to compensate aggrieved persons and pay a civil penalty of $55,000.  The
settlement was reached after the court denied DURST&rsquo;s motion to dismiss
the government&rsquo;s lawsuit and was approved yesterday by U.S. District Judge
Ronnie Abrams.
 Manhattan U.S. Attorney Preet Bharara said: &ldquo;This is the ninth in a
series of lawsuits that this office has brought against real estate developers
and architects who fail to design and construct new apartment buildings
accessible to people with disabilities.  When the government filed this lawsuit,
Durst claimed that it should not be held responsible for inaccessible conditions
at The Helena and other rental buildings &ndash; despite the fact that
Durst&rsquo;s own website trumpets its role in developing those buildings.  It
was only after the Court rejected Durst&rsquo;s argument that Durst finally
accepted its obligations under the law.  Today&rsquo;s settlement with Durst
makes clear that real estate developers cannot hide behind opaque corporate
structures to evade their obligation to comply with the Fair Housing Act or
avoid liability for violating that Act.&rdquo;

 The FHA&rsquo;s accessible design and construction provisions require new
multi-family housing complexes constructed after January 1993 to have basic
features accessible to persons with disabilities.  In April 2014, the United
States filed this lawsuit against DURST and an architectural firm, alleging that
past and ongoing rental projects designed and constructed by DURST and the
architect, including The Helena, did not comply with the FHA&rsquo;s
accessibility requirements.  Inaccessible features at The Helena were first
brought to the attention of the United States by testing performed by the Fair
Housing Justice Center.
 In September 2014, DURST moved to dismiss the government&rsquo;s complaint on
the grounds that DURST itself could not be held liable under the Fair Housing
Act because it was not involved with developing any of the rental buildings at
issue.  The government opposed that motion, noting that DURST&rsquo;s public
statements on its own website described its executives&rsquo; direct involvement
with the design and construction of buildings like The Helena.  On January 9,
2015, the court denied DURST&rsquo;s motion to dismiss.  Shortly thereafter,
DURST pursued settlement discussions with the government.
 Under the settlement, DURST agrees that, for every multi-family housing project
it constructs in the next three years, it will retain an FHA compliance
consultant to ensure that the building, as constructed, will comply with the
FHA&rsquo;s accessibility requirements.  For example, the FHA consultant will
advise DURST on the selection of fixtures and appliances and whether deviating
from the architects&rsquo; drawings will affect accessibility.  The FHA
consultant also will conduct a site visit to identify non-compliant conditions
and recommend appropriate solutions prior to the completion of construction.  In
addition, DURST agrees to institute policies and training to ensure that its own
employees and agents will comply with the FHA&rsquo;s accessibility
requirements.
 Further, the settlement also requires DURST to make extensive retrofits at The
Helena, and to commit to additional retrofits at The Epic once that building has
been inspected, to make these buildings accessible.
 Finally, the settlement requires DURST to provide up to $515,000 in funds to
compensate aggrieved persons.  DURST also agrees to pay a civil penalty of
$55,000.
 The government&rsquo;s lawsuit also asserted claims against the architect of
The Helena, FXFOWLE ARCHITECTS, P.C.  Those claims remain pending while FXFOWLE
pursues settlement negotiations with the government.
 Aggrieved individuals may be entitled to monetary compensation from the fund
created through today&rsquo;s settlement.  Aggrieved individuals may include
those who were:



   Injured by a lack of accessible features at The Helena, The Epic, or the
other properties constructed by DURST;



   Discouraged from living at The Helena, The Epic, or the other properties
constructed by DURST because of the lack of accessible features;



   Required to pay to have an apartment at The Helena, The Epic, or the other
properties constructed by DURST made accessible,



   Prevented from having visitors because of a lack of accessible features at
The Helena, The Epic, or the other properties constructed by DURST; or



   Otherwise injured or discriminated against on the basis of disability as a
result of the design or construction of The Helena, The Epic, or the other
properties constructed by Durst.




 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: November 19, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

               Copyright2015Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             327 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                  New Orleans City Business (New Orleans, LA)

                             April 11, 2011 Monday

Taffaro lifts apartment ban in St. Bernard Parish under threat of hefty fines

BYLINE: CityBusiness Staff

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 434  words


Work is resuming on four new apartment complexes in St. Bernard Parish after a
federal judgment threatened to fine the parish government up to $50,000 per day
as long as the projects are idle.

U.S. District Judge Ginger Berrigan issued her edict Friday within hours of
Parish President Craig Taffaro's cease and desist order that stopped  all
contractors and subcontractors from working on the four Provident Realty
apartment complexes because they didn't have proper parish permits. Taffaro
responded Saturday with an announcement that he was rescinding his order.

In the aftermath of Hurricane Katrina, Taffaro has attempted to stop Provident
Realty, arguing the construction of new apartments would have a negative impact
on existing rental housing stock. Fair housing advocates insist the parish
president is attempting to drive out and prevent low-income residents from
living in St. Bernard.

Taffaro had filed for an emergency injunction in state district court to halt
work at the Provident sites. A hearing on that injunction was scheduled for
Friday but was canceled after Provident  and the Greater New Orleans Fair
Housing Action Center went to federal court to prevent the parish president's
maneuver.

The U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development has also weighed in favor
of Provident Realty building the new complexes. Last week, the St. Bernard
Parish Council repealed ordinances restricting multi-family rental properties
after HUD officials threatened to block federal money coming into the parish if
the laws weren't rescinded.

Taffaro claims that Provident has failed to complete construction at the
apartment complexes in the time frame established in its building permits. The
company says economic conditions prevented them from finishing the work within
the prescribed one-year time frame.

The parish refused to grant a permit extension late last year, leading to
additional legal challenges from the local Fair Housing Action Center. HUD also
stepped and forced the parish to extend the building permits.

"I have attempted to work within the judicial parameters, but St. Bernard Parish
has continued to find itself without protective due process," Taffaro said
Friday in a release. "The permitting process by local and state law is clear,
and my decision to issue a cease and desist (order) is in line with the
enforcement of that process. "

Berrigan's order required the parish to "purge itself" of contempt by 5 p.m.
Saturday in order to avoid fines of $25,000 per day. If Taffaro's cease and
desist order wasn't lifted by Tuesday, the fines would have increased to $50,000
daily.

LOAD-DATE: April 18, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Legal activity (lawsuits etc.)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2011 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved


                             328 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                      The Vancouver Sun (British Columbia)

                           November 15, 2008 Saturday
                                 Final Edition

Incentives needed to spark rental growth; Purpose-built rental housing can help
bridge affordability gaps

BYLINE: Bob Ransford, Vancouver Sun

SECTION: WESTCOAST HOMES; Real Estate Matters; Pg. J2

LENGTH: 749  words


There has been a lot of hollow talk about housing affordability during the
campaign leading up to today's civic election, but very little discussion about
specific initiatives that will help spur the construction of new market rental
housing -- a key to providing more affordable housing in the region.

More than half of Vancouverites and more than a third of those living in Metro
Vancouver rent their homes. Rental housing is the affordable housing option that
spans all segments of the housing market. In many ways, it is a relief valve for
the pressure that builds when the market can't keep pace constructing new homes
for the sale market during spikes in housing demand.

Demand forecasts point to the need for more than 310,000 new housing units,
70,000 of them rental homes, by 2021 to meet population growth.

Even with the high levels of housing production in Metro Vancouver during the
housing construction boom that just came to an end, rental housing didn't keep
up with forecasted demand. The number of rental units built over the last decade
represents about only a third of the level required in order to meet the
estimated future demand. A significant portion of strata-titled condominium
units have ended up as rental units, especially in pockets of the market like
the downtown south part of Vancouver, but there is no certainty that these homes
will remain on the rental market over time, with many already coming on and off
the market depending on the demands and desires of their individual owners.

Building rental housing is uncompetitive with condo development. Federal tax law
changes more than 25 years ago eliminated the tax incentives that once made the
economics of constructing purpose-built rental apartment buildings. It was those
tax incentives that led to the last rental building boom in the 1960s, leaving
Vancouver dotted with 40-year old apartments, many which need costly repairs and
deferred maintenance that can't be supported with income from current rents.

Without a significant shift in the current taxation regime or an incentive
program, the prospect of adding significant amounts of new purpose-built rental
housing is unlikely.

Vancouver's City Planning Commission is challenging the city's business-as-usual
approach to development policies by recommending a solution for the rental
housing crisis. The citizen body, of which I am a member, advises city council
on long-range planning issues.

We recently challenged those running for city council, along with other
community leaders, to consider trading density for purpose-built rental housing
in areas around transportation nodes and neighbourhood centres. Vancouver has
traditionally been willing to use "density bonusing" as a tool to extract value
from new development and transfer that value to community benefits. The tool has
been used to finance the preservation and restoration of a number of heritage
buildings. It has been used to provide social housing. But so far, there has
been no program in place to trade increased density for purpose-built rental
housing.

The commission is recommending that the city adopt such a policy by pre-zoning
land around transit nodes and in defined neighbourhood centres to allow a modest
increase in density for new multi-family housing in return for the developer
providing a certain number of rental homes for a specified period of time. The
success of an incentive program like this is dependent on a number of economic
variables, such as the amount of extra density allowed, the length of time
during which the developer might have to forgo a profit to maintain a rental
unit as opposed to selling it as a condo unit, etc. These are issues that need
to be debated before such a policy is adopted.

The views of the community also need to be heard on issues that arise from
increased density. It would be somewhat ironic, however, if, after spending
billions of taxpayer dollars in constructing expensive public transit
infrastructure, the public rejects the notion of increasing density around
transit nodes, like SkyTrain stations.

Vancouver's new city council will undoubtedly give serious consideration to the
ideas about rental housing advanced by its planning commission since they are
among the very few specific ideas about dealing with housing affordability. Bob
Ransford is a public affairs consultant with CounterPoint Communications Inc. He
is a former real estate developer who specializes in urban land use issues.
E-mail: ransford@counterpoint.ca

LOAD-DATE: November 15, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Business; Column

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 2008 The Vancouver Sun, a division of CanWest MediaWorks Publication
                                      Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             329 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         The Brownsville Herald (Texas)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            January 28, 2011 Friday

Multi-family affordable housing project nears completion

BYLINE: Steve Clark, The Brownsville Herald, Texas

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 407 words


Jan. 28--A new, "luxury," affordable-housing apartment project is going up on
Bowie Road, just east of North Central Avenue and north of Boca Chica Boulevard,
and units will start leasing in March or April.

The $9 million Bowie Gardens complex should be complete in July or August,
according to project manager Michael Czapski of Nations Construction Management
Inc., the Houston-based contractor on the project. Construction crews broke
ground last July on the seven-building, 86-unit complex. Framing is complete and
drywall is being installed in the first two buildings, he said.

As affordable housing, Bowie Gardens will have income and rent restrictions. At
the same time, the complex will feature amenities unlike most traditional
affordable housing, Czapski said. That means additional masonry rather than all
siding, simulated wood vinyl flooring rather than carpeting, a swimming pool
with pavilion, outdoor grills, workout room, business center, and extra money
spent on landscaping, he said.

"Even though it's low-income housing, you are seeing more amenities that are
consistent with market-rate projects," Czapski said.

"Market rate" is the industry term for non-rent-restricted properties. Nations
Construction is not only the contractor, but also has an ownership stake as one
of the investors behind Bowie Gardens LLC. The company took advantage of a tax
credit program offered through the Texas Department of Housing and Community
Affairs that helps finance low-income housing projects that might otherwise be
passed up by developers in favor of more lucrative, market-rate projects.

Once the TDHC tax credits are issued, they're sold to private investors at a
discount -- in this case about 70 cents on the dollar, Czapski said. Proceeds
from the sale of the credits augment lending from financial institutions to pay
for construction.

"It's how a lot of low-income housing is funded," he said. "It helps offset the
lower rate. If you're getting a lower rate, the economics of it don't
necessarily completely work. But the tax credit helps fund the gap and makes it
a viable deal."

To see more of The Brownsville Herald, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.brownsvilleherald.com. Copyright (c) 2011, The Brownsville Herald,
Texas Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For more
information about the content services offered by McClatchy-Tribune Information
Services (MCT), visit www.mctinfoservices.com.

LOAD-DATE: January 28, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20110128-BV-Multi-family-affordable-housing
-project-nears-completion-0128-20110128

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: BV


                     Copyright 2011 The Brownsville Herald


                             330 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         The Brownsville Herald (Texas)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           January 27, 2011 Thursday

Multi-family affordable housing project nears completion

BYLINE: Steve Clark, The Brownsville Herald, Texas

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 407 words


Jan. 27--A new, "luxury," affordable-housing apartment project is going up on
Bowie Road, just east of North Central Avenue and north of Boca Chica Boulevard,
and units will start leasing in March or April.

The $9 million Bowie Gardens complex should be complete in July or August,
according to project manager Michael Czapski of Nations Construction Management
Inc., the Houston-based contractor on the project. Construction crews broke
ground last July on the seven-building, 86-unit complex. Framing is complete and
drywall is being installed in the first two buildings, he said.

As affordable housing, Bowie Gardens will have income and rent restrictions. At
the same time, the complex will feature amenities unlike most traditional
affordable housing, Czapski said. That means additional masonry rather than all
siding, simulated wood vinyl flooring rather than carpeting, a swimming pool
with pavilion, outdoor grills, workout room, business center, and extra money
spent on landscaping, he said.

"Even though it's low-income housing, you are seeing more amenities that are
consistent with market-rate projects," Czapski said.

"Market rate" is the industry term for non-rent-restricted properties. Nations
Construction is not only the contractor, but also has an ownership stake as one
of the investors behind Bowie Gardens LLC. The company took advantage of a tax
credit program offered through the Texas Department of Housing and Community
Affairs that helps finance low-income housing projects that might otherwise be
passed up by developers in favor of more lucrative, market-rate projects.

Once the TDHC tax credits are issued, they're sold to private investors at a
discount -- in this case about 70 cents on the dollar, Czapski said. Proceeds
from the sale of the credits augment lending from financial institutions to pay
for construction.

"It's how a lot of low-income housing is funded," he said. "It helps offset the
lower rate. If you're getting a lower rate, the economics of it don't
necessarily completely work. But the tax credit helps fund the gap and makes it
a viable deal."

To see more of The Brownsville Herald, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.brownsvilleherald.com. Copyright (c) 2011, The Brownsville Herald,
Texas Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For more
information about the content services offered by McClatchy-Tribune Information
Services (MCT), visit www.mctinfoservices.com.

LOAD-DATE: January 27, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20110127-BV-Multi-family-affordable-housing
-project-nears-completion-0127-20110127

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: BV


                     Copyright 2011 The Brownsville Herald


                             331 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

          Copyright 2017 LexisNexis, a division of Reed Elsevier Inc.,
                              All Rights Reserved
                     LexisNexis® Corporate Affiliations[TM]

                                 March 27, 2017

                             Garden Park Management

                                  513 Main St
                             Springfield,  MA 01105

* * * * * * * * * * COMMUNICATIONS * * * * * * * * * *
TELEPHONE: (413) 739-9774
URL: www.gardenpark.net

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY IDENTIFIERS * * * * * * * * * *
DCA NUMBER: 1818407

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
LEGAL STATUS: PRIVATE
EMPLOYEES:
NUMBER OF EMPLOYEES:  25

* * * * * * * * * * EXECUTIVES * * * * * * * * * *

OFFICER             TITLE TYPE          ROLE(S)             EMAIL/SOCIAL MEDIA
Missy Sheehan, VP   Executive           Vice President      LINKEDIN:
                                                            www.linkedin.com/pu
                                                            b/missy-sheehan/7/8
                                                            36/bba
Debrah Katz, Pres   Executive           President
Luz Reyes,          Executive           Supervisor          EMAIL:
Supvr-Maintenance                                           sfitzgibbon@gardenp
                                                            ark.net
Carmen Reyes,       Executive           Manager
Mgr-Property

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *
Garden Park Management Company is based in Springfield, MA. It is a property
management company specializing in multi-family low income housing projects. The
company offers leasing apartments, rent collections, accounting, and maintenance
services.

INDUSTRY TYPE: Lessors of Residential Buildings & Dwellings

* * * * * * * * * * MARKET AND INDUSTRY * * * * * * * * * *
NAICS CODES:
531110 - Lessors of Residential Buildings and Dwellings
PRIMARY SIC:
6514 - Operators of Dwellings other than Apartment Buildings
SECONDARY SIC:
6513 - Operators of Apartment Buildings

* * * * * * * * * * FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *

SALES:  USD 1,300,000
REVENUE TYPE:  Revenue

LOAD-DATE: March 27, 2017


                             332 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

           St. Louis Daily Record/St. Louis Countian (St. Louis, MO)

                             March 14, 2003 Friday

Multi housing groups to promote renting over home ownership

BYLINE: Mike Nixon

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 883 words


With continued reductions in mortgage rates and a flood of people moving into or
upgrading their homeownership, owners and operators of multi-family housing
complexes have seen their own share of the residential real estate market drop
drastically in recent years. As a response, members of the National Multi
Housing Council, the National Apartment Association and local apartment
associations have been making plans for legislative and marketing proposals to
protect their business and encourage renting over buying.

Last week the NMHC and the NAA released a list of joint legislative regulatory
proposals they intend to promote as an effort to boost the interests of
apartment owners and rental property management companies. "Faced with a growing
shortage of housing for low-income and working families, housing is taking on a
new urgency for many leaders," said Jim Arbury, vice president of a joint
NMHC/NAA task force. "Unfortunately, almost all the rhetoric coming out of the
[Bush] administration involved homeownership. Our biggest challenge is to get
policy-makers to understand that our top housing priority should be expanding
the supply of rental housing."

Professionals in the rental business acknowledge that there has been an increase
in upper-income apartment complexes, catering to affluent tenants wanting
convenience, amenities and built-in maintenance. On the other end,
assisted-living developments have been constructed to target those in extreme
need of safe and decent housing. But there remains a wide range of the
population left out in the cold because they fall in the middle-income bracket
for those options and have found their opportunities limited.

The joint NMHC/NAA effort will in 2003 campaign to promote apartments as a
component of the housing market that need smarter and more balance policies.
Among its recommendations for Congress to consider is a reduction in both
capital gains taxes and depreciation recapture rates to encourage existing and
new apartment investment among developers. This group plans to lobby for
reconsideration of broad-based mold removal assistance -- particularly since
several major insurance companies have recently said they would no longer cover
mold removal in many residential instances. Bankruptcy reform is also wanted by
apartment owners to close loopholes that frequently offer renters the
opportunity to abuse bankruptcy laws and as a result secure housing without
paying for it.

Arbury said that he would like to see rental property owners receive tax credits
and other incentives to enhance renewable energy resources and construction
methods that help in the reduction of heating and cooling expenses for tenants.
Relief efforts are also planned to try and secure help for those developers
focused on building facilities for low-income families.

Other issues to be addressed by the NMHC/NAA alliance include: reducing rent
control barriers, advancing affordable insurance availability, supporting tort
reform legislation, crime prevention measures and improving an understanding
among owners, managers and tenants of fair housing policies.

Aside from legislative concerns, new marketing efforts are expected to be seen
during the coming months. Karen Shymanski, director of the St. Louis Apartment
Association, confirmed that in the region she covers there has been a drastic
occupancy rate reduction during the past year from as much as 98 percent to a
typical current level of between 85 percent and 90 percent. "Right now it's kind
of tough; its real tough," she said.

Shymanski said that many complexes have been offering specials to attract new
tenants and encourage renewals, including in some instances of more affluent
communities offering as much as two months' free rent when a 12- to 14- month
lease is signed. She explained that such deals are especially attractive to
those people who want to rent rather than buy a home. "The people who move into
those type of apartments want to. They can afford it," she said. "On the flip
side, there are those who for whatever reason live in an apartment." Shymanski
admitted that on the lower end of the economic scale tenants are often
restricted in housing opportunities because of limited finances and seldom see
the incentives offered to their renting counterparts. "We need to do something,"
she said.

Shymanski predicted that with rental real estate viewed as an investment
opportunity more multifamily housing developers could be putting their money
into new community opportunities, especially if and when the single resident
market begins to cool.

"The truth is America needs apartments," said Arbury. "We need them for every
town that wants to accommodate population growth without giving up all its green
space and adding to pollution and traffic congestion. We need them for every
city that wants to reclaim a decaying downtown neighborhood. We need them for
all those hardworking families who need a decent, affordable place to live. We
need them to house the 75 million echo-boomers who are graduating from college
and looking for housing. And we need them for the estimated 13 million
immigrants who will come to this country in the next 10 years. That's what we
mean when we say we will make the case for multifamily housing."

LOAD-DATE: March 14, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: General news

                      Copyright 2003 Dolan Media Newswires


                             333 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                             Watertown Daily Times

               Distributed by Knight/Ridder Tribune News Service

                              May 16, 2006 Tuesday

DANC seeking proposals

BYLINE: Nicolas Zimmerman, Watertown Daily Times, N.Y.

SECTION: BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL NEWS

LENGTH: 481 words


May 16--The Development Authority of the North Country is scheduled today to
solicit a second round of proposals for multi-family rental housing near Fort
Drum, this time for sites owned or controlled by developers.

Through its "shovel ready" program, DANC already has committed $3.35 million in
low-interest loans to help fund 240 apartments on Washington Street on the
Watertown city-town border and in the village of Carthage.

In this round of proposals, DANC will dangle $3 million in loans to help
developers fund projects on sites under developer ownership or control.

"We're looking for properties that are properly zoned, or where the communities
support rezoning them," DANC project director Kevin J. Jordan said. "And we're
looking for properties that take advantage of existing infrastructure to help
defray the overall cost."

The subordinate financing comes from $9 million Gov. George E. Pataki, the state
Senate and Assembly, Jefferson County and DANC made available late last year.

The program, which aims to address an estimated 2,000-unit housing shortage
brought on by 6,000 new Fort Drum troops, was thrown into turmoil last month
when the governor vetoed the revenue bill that would have funded state
low-income housing tax credits for next year. DANC's financing model suggests
that between one-third and one-quarter of projects be financed through the use
of the tax credits, which are issued by the state Division of Housing and
Community Renewal.

The tax credits were reinstated a few days later, and now DANC has issued its
latest request for proposals, which it hopes will yield more than 200
apartments.

The biggest difference between this solicitation and its predecessor is that the
last called for proposals on sites controlled by the Fort Drum Regional Liaison
Organization, which helps administer the shovel-ready program. For this one,
developers will propose projects on sites they own.

"We're doing this at the request of parties who attended our first meeting," Mr.
Jordan said. DANC's first informational meeting on the program was in December.

While the Development Authority hasn't specified what type of rental housing
developers should propose, FDRLO executive director Carl A. McLaughlin pointed
to a series of interviews with soldiers it conducted earlier this year.

"They're looking for townhouses," he said. "They want up-and-down control. They
want storage space. They want yards."

Interested developers can download a copy of the request for proposals from
DANC's Web site at www.danc.org.

To see more of the Watertown Daily Times, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go
to http://www.wdt.net. Copyright (c) 2006, Watertown Daily Times, N.Y.
Distributed by Knight Ridder/Tribune Business News. For information on
republishing this content, contact us at (800) 661-2511 (U.S.), (213) 237-4914
(worldwide), fax (213) 237-6515, or e-mail reprints@krtinfo.com.

LOAD-DATE: May 17, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20060516-WE-RENTAL-HOUSING-20060516

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: WE


                      Copyright 2006 Watertown Daily Times


                             334 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Red Deer Express (Alberta)

                           February 8, 2006 Wednesday
                                 Final Edition

There's no room at the inn

BYLINE: Johnnie Bachusky, Red Deer Express

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 3

LENGTH: 455  words


Red Deer's apartment vacancy rate is now at a record low.

A new survey by the Canadian Mortgage and Housing Corporation (CMHC) shows the
city's apartment vacancy rate at 1%, the lowest ever recorded.

"I didn't realize the numbers were this bad. It is grim and a surprise," said
Pam Ralston, of the city's social planning department.

"I think we were all under the illusion that there was enough vacancies in town
that if people had a reasonable amount of income they could find an apartment to
rent."

CMHC surveys apartment vacancy rates across Canada. The numbers do not include
rental houses or basement suites.

City officials said the grim apartment shortage will especially affect young
couples just starting out, newcomers to Red Deer who are starting entry-level
jobs and senior citizens on fixed incomes.

"For individuals living on a fixed income, it is definitely a crisis," said
Stacey Carmichael, co chair of the Red Deer Housing Committee, in response to
the new CMHC survey.

"As people are coming into Red Deer to work and make the city their home, we are
not meeting the demands for housing.

"We have people coming here to work and yet they are living in our emergency
shelters because there is not adequate housing," added Carmichael.

Mayor Morris Flewwelling said the 1% vacancy rate translates into only 50
available apartments in the entire city.

"It is one of those stresses of growth," said Flewwelling, adding there has been
a housing crisis in Red Deer for the past "several" years.

"It is partly a change in approach where landowners have chosen to build and
sell condominiums or convert buildings that they own to realize the income from
that, and very few rental units are being built."

Ralston said the city's web site receives weekly e-mail inquiries about housing
availability and she is forced to reply with blunt bad news.

"The grim reply I send back to people is, 'Please come here first and look
around for housing. Don't arrive with your family thinking you can walk right
into a rental unit," said Ralston, adding the only good news she can give is
that the city has started an affordable housing strategy.

"We don't know what they will be able to find."

She said some incentive program should be considered for developers to look at
building affordable apartment projects.

"It is much better on the builders' side to construct multi-family condos, sell
their units and they have their money and they're finished," said Ralston. "You
can't blame a business person."

Carmichael said the city desperately needs to find ways to increase its rental
housing stock, and build more affordable housing projects like Monarch Place and
the new 95-unit Potters Hands building in Riverside Meadows.

jbachusky@reddeer.greatwest.ca

LOAD-DATE: February 8, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:
Photo: Morris Flewwelling

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Business

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2006 Red Deer Express
                              All Rights Reserved


                             335 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     The Leader-Post (Regina, Saskatchewan)

                           February 7, 2009 Saturday
                                 Final Edition

Officials say low vacancy rate misleading

BYLINE: Joe Couture, Leader-Post

SECTION: CITY & PROVINCE; Pg. A3

LENGTH: 499  words


The availability of rental properties in Regina might not be quite as grim as
low vacancy numbers suggest, according to those in the housing industry.

"It's really important for potential renters to understand that the typical
turnover rate in virtually every market where we operate is 40 to 50 per cent,"
said David McIlveen, director of community development for Calgary-based
Boardwalk Rental Communities.

In the Queen City, those numbers translate into between 4,000 and 5,000 new
units coming available each year even if the vacancy rate is zero.

"The housing market is very healthy, and people move up and move out and new
rental units become available on an ongoing basis, so there's definitely plenty
of housing," McIlveen added.

In a tight market like Regina, where the vacancy rate is tied with Vancouver and
Victoria for the lowest in the country at 0.5 per cent, those looking to rent
might encounter problems finding spots during the middle and end of the month.

McIlveen recommends prospective renters start looking near the first of the
month after others have given notice.

In 2008, housing starts in Regina for multi-units were down by 26 per cent while
starts for single detached homes were up by 13 per cent, said Stu Niebergall,
executive director of the Regina and Region Home Builders' Association.

"That describes a bit of a shift in the market, and certainly as Regina has been
experiencing this high level of growth, it may describe that some of the needs
aren't always matching up with the housing available," he said.

Demand is high for affordable housing, especially among low- and middle-income
singles, seniors and families.

"All three levels of government need to work together to reevaluate the policies
and the regulations and the taxation that hinder the availability," Niebergall
said. "The challenge in the industry is that there needs to be some incentive
for builders and developers to build in this environment."

Builders can capitalize on profits from condo developments much more quickly
than on rental properties, and the risk involved is decidedly less, said
Niebergall.

That being said, any new development can help take pressure off in a tight
rental market, said Paul Caton, senior market analyst for the Canadian Mortgage
and Housing Corporation (CMHC).

"All of these markets are connected," he explained. "When something happens in
new housing or on the resale side, it affects rentals. When rents go up, that
affects the other markets."

Condo developments and conversions become options for first-time home buyers who
may move out of, and free space up in, the rental market, he said.

In addition, generally 20 to 40 per cent of new condo and multi-family
construction goes into the rental market through single-unit investors, added
McIlveen.

In Regina, 12 per cent of about 2,500 condos sampled for the CMHC fall 2008
study were being rented.

The next rental market survey will be in April, and the CMHC expects a slight
increase in the vacancy rate, Caton said.

LOAD-DATE: February 7, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


  Copyright 2009 The Leader-Post, a division of Canwest MediaWorks Publication
                                      Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             336 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The Calgary Herald (Alberta)

                             March 16, 2009 Monday
                                 Final Edition

Mayor seeks strategy for workforce housing

BYLINE: Colette Derworiz, Calgary Herald

SECTION: CITY & REGION; Pg. B3

LENGTH: 591  words


S triving to address the lack of affordable housing in Calgary, the mayor is
putting together a workforce housing strategy to start building 1,000
multi-family units on vacant school sites across the city.

Mayor Dave Bronconnier recently travelled to California to tour a workforce
housing project that helps essential workers -- police officers, firefighters,
teachers and nurses -- buy their own home.

Although housing prices have softened recently, Bronconnier said there are still
many Calgarians who can't afford their own home.

"There are a lot of people who are out of the market, a lot of people who are
starting early paths in their career," Bronconnier said in an interview. "In the
long-term, this is a much more cost-effective way to provide housing and housing
choice for people."

The proposal, which he hopes to take to council by June, would start by creating
1,000 units on surplus school sites the city has acquired and could expand to as
many as 3,750 over the next decade.

It would be modelled after similar programs in the U. S. and Britain.

For example, the mayor toured a site in California where a developer built
three-and four-bedroom homes for moderate income homebuyers, which gives
preference to employees who work for the municipality, school district or health
region.

Bronconnier said he'll propose the construction of multi-family developments
that would help anyone who's starting out in their career.

"People would pay based on their income," he said, noting they would own their
unit and be entitled to a percentage of any increase in value when the unit is
sold.

Calgarians who could benefit from the proposal said it's a good idea.

"In my personal situation, I know how just the idea of owning a home is worlds
away to me," said Jamie Ross, who works for a local non-profit agency and makes
about $42,000 annually. "I just can't afford it with my bills and my current
rent and my car payment and everything else that adds up in a month.

"At the end of the day, I am almost living paycheque-topaycheque so it's
impossible to think of saving up for a home or being able to afford an actual
mortgage payment."

Ross, 29, said she believes the strategy would benefit thousands of Calgarians.

"I work in an industry where I see people who can't afford homes," she said.
"There's a certain stigma . . . that it's just people making very low income,
but $40,000 isn't considered low income.

"But it's certainly not enough to afford a home."

According to the city, Calgarians whose gross annual household income is less
than $44,000 and whose housing costs exceed 30 per cent of gross household
income face serious housing affordability challenges. A total of 19 per cent of
all Calgary households -- or 72,195 households -- fall into that category.

Bronconnier said his proposal would also create a stimulus in the construction
industry and open up the rental market, where there are more than 3,000 people
on the waiting list for affordable rental units.

"This ties into the 10-year plan to end homelessness by saying, 'Let's have
people move up the property ladder from subsidized units into their own homes,'
" he said.

Diana Segboer, executive director of Inn From the Cold, said the mayor's
proposal could improve the rental market.

"It would free up a lot of the housing that is being taken by Calgary Housing
and some of the affordable housing that is out there now," she said. "It would
free that up for the families that aren't there yet.

"Anything that puts other options out there is a good move."

cderworiz@theherald. canwest.com

LOAD-DATE: March 16, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:
Colour Photo: Dave Bronconnier ;

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


Copyright 2009 The Calgary Herald, a division of Canwest MediaWorks Publication
                                      Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             337 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

               October 12, 1986, Sunday, Late City Final Edition

RENTAL-UNIT SHORTAGE EXPECTED TO WORSEN

BYLINE: By CHARLOTTE LIBOV

SECTION: Section 11CN; Page 1, Column 5; Connecticut Weekly Desk

LENGTH: 1489 words


IN Hartford, a company that is constructing an apartment building has received
more than 1,000 inquiries for the 214 units, even though the building is not yet
completed.

In New Haven, the refurbishing of a run-down neighborhood has resulted in the
tripling of rents, forcing some longtime residents out.

And in Willimantic, subsidized housing is so scarce that the city's Housing
Authority will no longer accept applications because the wait is so long.

The severity of the rental-housing shortage in the state is affecting everyone
from well-heeled corporate executives to the poor. In the case of public
housing, the need is so desperate that $35 million allocated by the General
Assembly for new low-income multi-family housing is a ''drop in the bucket''
compared to what is needed, one official said.

Although the State Department of Housing has no comprehensive figures on the
amount of rental housing available, ''it's very, very tight,'' said Sandy
Bergin, supervisor of planning for the department.

Orest T. Dubno, executive director of the Connecticut Housing Finance Authority,
agreed. His agency, which finances multi-family complexes, said of the vacancy
rate, ''In a number of towns, it's zero.''

These shortages are occurring ''in many towns,'' he said. ''Not just the obvious
ones, like Stamford, but in eastern Connecticut and the Hartford area, as well.
When one talks about decent rental housing, and then plugs in the factor of
affordability, there is a problem in most of the towns.''

Mary Barnes, the housing consultant for the Capitol Region Council of
Governments, a Greater Hartford planning agency, said that ''a lot of less
expensive units are not advertised, but go by word-of-mouth. If you have a
couple of children, you have a real problem.''

The dearth in rental apartments stems from a combination of factors, those in
the rental-housing field say. Richard Davis, executive director of the
Homebuilders Association of Connecticut, said the lack of apartment construction
over the last several years was the ''underpinning'' of the situation. Officials
also point to construction of condominiums instead of apartments, and to the
conversion of existing apartments to condominiums.

Thus far this year, 1,387 units have been converted from apartments to
condominiums, said Jean Claude Louhisdon, a housing program specialist for the
state. The number may be even higher, because there may be conversions occurring
that have not been reported, he said.

Most in the field also do not expect the situation to improve because of the new
Federal tax reform, which is eliminating tax breaks investors used to receive
for building apartments, they noted.

In Stamford, the demand for rental housing stems from transferred executives who
are seeking a place to stay temporarily before deciding whether to relocate
permanently, said Allen Schaps, a director of the Stamford Board of Realtors. As
a result, Mr. Schaps said, ''the rental market is very tight,'' and prices are
high.

In Litchfield County, Oswald Marrin, a real-estate broker, said that homes that
last year would have rented for $800 or $900 are now being rented for nearly
double that sum. He attributed the situation to the desirability of the area.

''People just want to live here, and if they can't afford to buy homes, they
want to rent,'' he said.

A group being squeezed out are the middle-income workers, who may have wanted to
purchase a house or condominium, but find themselves priced out of the market.

In Bridgeport, for example, middle-income rental apartments had long been
considered easy to find, but that is no longer the case, said Geri Stone,
president of the Bridgeport Board of Realtors.

''It's the middle-class folks who are suffering the most,'' she said. You can
find rentals at $950 to $1,000 a month, but not $400 or $450. You need to pay
$550 to $600 for a decent rental.''

In Hartford, rentals are at a premium, said Frank Shuch, a partner in Colonial
Realty in West Hartford, which owns and manages about 10,000 units in central
Connecticut.

Five years ago, he said, his company's complexes were about 95 percent filled.
Now, they are 98 or 99 percent filled, with some at 100 percent occupancy.

''There's no question there's a shortage of quality housing today,'' he said.
''A lot of units have gone off the market due to condominium conversions.''

The lack of rentals was demonstrated when his company began building its
214-unit Charter Oak Apartment complex in downtown Hartford. Since the sign in
front of the construction site went up a few months ago, the company has logged
over 1,000 inquiries for the one- and two-bedroom units, which will rent from
$600 to $800 a month.

Housing is tight in surrounding areas, as well. In Vernon, the town planner,
George Russell, recently completed a survey that found the vacancy rate for
multi-family rental housing to be only 1.13 percent. There are 600 new units
under construction but, Mr. Russell said: ''They will be gone as soon as they're
ready. Judging from the vacancy rate, the demand is incredible.''

In Waterbury, Mark Tedesco, a builder, said he was constantly told that the
profits are in building condominiums. Instead, Mr. Tedesco and his brother,
Todd, said they believed the future was in apartments. They have recently
completed Francis Manor, a 63-unit apartment house named for their father, and
they are preparing to build another complex.

''If I was 40 or 50, maybe I'd go for the money, but right now, I don't need the
condo money,'' said Mr. Tedesco, who is 29 years old.

In some parts of the state, it is redevelopment that has led to a shortage of
reasonably priced housing space.

This has been a key factor in New Haven, especially on Upper State Street, a
neighborhood of turn-of-the-century buildings that, until recently, was not
considered desirable. But that has changed, said James Paley, executive director
of Neighborhood Housing Services of New Haven, a private, nonprofit agency that
helps homeowners improve their properties.

''Back in 1979, the rental market on State Street was 'soft,' meaning most of
the housing was run-down but also reasonably priced,'' he said. ''Since that
time, virtually every building has been fixed up and now that area has such a
low vacancy rate that apartments are at a premium and there aren't enough to go
around.''

Since then, this architecturally charming area has become desireable, and
virtually all the buildings have been refurbished. Vacancies are scarce, and
rental prices have soared. With an apartment that rented five years ago for $250
now demanding up to $800, many longtime residents are being forced to leave, he
said.

Residents with low incomes who are forced to leave their rentals will find even
tougher going if they turn to subsidized housing, said Michael T. Duffy,
director of management for the State Housing Department.

There are 35,000 state and Federally subsidized units in Connecticut, and all of
them are ''filled up,'' he said. Because of the shortage of units, the General
Assembly last spring allocated $35 million for new low-income multi-family
housing to try to make up for cutbacks in Federal housing. Although Mr. Duffy
lauded the state for undertaking the project, which will be the largest state
program of its type, even this is ''a drop in the bucket'' compared to the need,
he said.

In Willimantic, the waiting list for subsidized housing has always been long.
But since Oct. 1, no one has been allowed to sign up, said Frederick Wallace,
executive director of the Willimantic Housing Authority.

The authority has 550 subsidized units, and waiting lists that stretch from more
than two years for a two-bedroom unit to six years for a four bedrooms. The wait
for apartments larger than that is so long, ''I couldn't even guess,'' Mr.
Wallace said. Closing the waiting list will enable the city to computerize and
update it, he said.

In Willimantic, as in New Haven, many older areas are being refurbished, and
rents are going up so fast that city officials are considering implementing a
Fair Rent Commission Ordinance, which would enable tenants to appeal rent
increases. Residents will vote on whether to implement such an ordinance on Oct.
22, he said.

''The people are suffering,'' Mr. Wallace said. ''This just has to be addressed.
How can people who make $4.50 an hour afford high rents?''

In New Haven, the shortage of rental housing has reached the crisis stage, said
Patricia Wallace, a social issues advocate for the Office of Urban Affairs of
the Archdiocese of Hartford.

In a recent report issued by the National Low Income Housing Information
Service, Connecticut tied with Maryland for fourth place among the 50 states in
lack of rental housing. In 1980, a similar analysis put the city at 16th place,
so, ''in both absolute and relative terms, things have gotten worse in the past
five years,'' she said.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo of James Paley, New Haven; Photo of Frederick Wallace,
Willimantic; Photo of Mark Tedeson, Waterbury (NYT/Stephen Castagneto; Rolin A.
Riggs)

                   Copyright 1986 The New York Times Company


                             338 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                      Tri-County News (Kimball, Minnesota)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                 April 9, 2015

USDA Rural Development launches new website

BYLINE: Tri-County News staff

LENGTH: 327  words


Visitors find enhanced user experience at www.rd.usda.gov/mn.

USDA Rural Development has launched a new website to enhance program
accessibility and customer service.

The new website Error! Hyperlink reference not valid.gov/mn) features quicker
and more intuitive access to programs, simplified site navigation, and
information about services and staff contacts in every state office. The site
also provides easily accessible resources for loan and grant applications,
eligibility information and program descriptions.

"We invite the public, local governments, businesses, rural residents,
non-profit organizations and anyone interested in the future of rural
communities to visit the website," USDA Rural Development State Director Colleen
Landkamer said. "The site can now be easily accessed on Smart-phones and
tablets, making Rural Development program information and applications for
funding more accessible than ever."

Other website features include

Daily processing updates for lenders participating in the Single Family Housing
Guaranteed Loan program.(www.rd.usda.gov/programs-services/single-family-housing
-guaranteed-loan-program/mn).

Access to program Regulations and Guidelines
(www.rd.usda.gov/publications/regulations-guidelines)

A map of available multi-family housing rental units (http ill
rdmfhrentals.sc.egov.usda.gov/RDMFH Rentals/select_state.jsp) A map of available
revolving loan funds throughout Minnesota

Loan portfolio packages for a simpler application process for our Community
Facilities and Water & Wastewater programs.

Future enhancements to the site will include Spanish language descriptions of
programs.

USDA Rural Development administers and manages housing, business and community
infrastructure programs through a national network of state and local offices.
These programs are designed to improve the economic stability of rural
communities, businesses, residents, farmers and ranchers and improve the quality
of life in rural America.

LOAD-DATE: April 30, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Local Government

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: TCO

                      Copyright 2015 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                         Copyright 2015 Tri-County News


                             339 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                  Times Colonist (Victoria, British Columbia)

                            December 14, 2007 Friday
                                 Final Edition

Rental market tight and rents are rising; October vacancy rate stays at 0.5 per
cent for three straight years

BYLINE: Carla Wilson, Times Colonist

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. D11

LENGTH: 590  words


If you've got a rental apartment, keep it.

Greater Victoria's rental market remains tight and rents are rising.

The region's vacancy rate for October remained at 0.5 per cent, the same rate as
in October 2006 and October 2005, Canada Mortgage and Housing Corporation said
yesterday.

Jim Bennett, Victoria Real Estate Board government relations co-ordinator, who
also sits on local housing committees, said, "0.5 per cent is not good news."

It makes the challenge of housing the homeless in this region even more
difficult, he said.

Escalating land prices and construction costs lead builders to construct homes
to sell, whether they are condos, townhouses or single-family houses. In the
past two decades, only a handful of buildings designed for rental accommodation
have been built, Bennett said.

When municipalities add on development cost charges and insist on underground
parking for multi-family projects, those costly requirements make rental
projects more expensive, he said.

While community organizations and governments try to find a way to ease the
rental market crunch, house prices in Greater Victoria continue rising. In
November, the average price of a single-family house in Greater Victoria hit a
record at $596,586.

And as house prices remain strong, the national apartment vacancy rate remains
low.

Among 34 major cities surveyed by CMHC the vacancy rate was 2.6 per cent, the
same as in October 2006, CMHC said.

Five communities had vacancy rates of less than one per cent, including Victoria
(0.5 per cent) , Kelowna (0), Vancouver (0.7 per cent), Saskatoon (0.6 per
cent), and Greater Sudbury (0.6 per cent).

B.C.'s vacancy rate was one per cent, a slight change from October 2006 when it
was 1.2 per cent.

Provincially, average monthly rental rates for a two-bedroom unit went up to
$922 in October from $885 the previous year.

"Strong employment growth, solid income gains, and high immigration levels
continued to support strong demand for both ownership and rental housing," said
Bob Dugan, CMHC chief economist.

"The rising gap between the cost of home ownership and renting also kept demand
strong for rental accommodation."

CMHC's Greater Victoria survey covers rental units in buildings built for that
purpose. It also includes condominium units in buildings where the majority of
units are rented under one property manager, said Peggy Prill, CMHC analyst in
Victoria. However, many rental condo units aren't counted because they are
individually rented. Not included in the survey are single-family houses and
duplexes, basement suites, and subsidized housing.

In Greater Victoria, CMHC said there are 23,635 rental apartment units and 714
townhouse rentals. Prill estimates that if rental units not counted were
included, the total figure would be close to 50,000.

The average rent of a one-bedroom apartment (the most common) in Greater
Victoria was $716 in October and a two-bedroom was $907.

Those figures are both increases from October 2006, when an average one-bedroom
was $681 and a two-bedroom was $874. Rents vary depending on the area, Prill
said.

One survey sample found that rents rose eight per cent year-over-year in Oak
Bay, 5.2 per cent in the city of Victoria, and 0.7 per cent in Sidney, she said.
"Which is surprising considering they have a low vacancy rate."

In Sidney, the vacancy rate was zero, while in the West Shore it was 1.5 per
cent, she said.

For those wanting a unit with three or more bedrooms, there was little available
last month. In the entire region, only five such units were vacant, Prill said.

LOAD-DATE: December 14, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:
Photo: Nic Hume, Times Colonist; Apartments like the ones in the View Towers
highrise building are in short supply. ;

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Business

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


Copyright 2007 Times Colonist, a division of Canwest MediaWorks Publication Inc.

                              All Rights Reserved


                             340 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                             National Mortgage News

                                  May 22, 1989

Moderate Rehab Developers Also Got Tax Credits

SECTION: Pg. 2

LENGTH: 716 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Developers tapping into the Department of Housing and Urban Development Moderate
Rehabilitation program, including two former HUD officials and the former
chairman of the Federal Asset Disposition Association, also gained low-income
housing tax credits that they could immediately sell to private investors.

The availability of these tax credits enabled developers to make upfront profits
and pay hundreds of thousands of dollars to top Washington consultants to lobby
for rehab funds.

Meanwhile, HUD did not require the proceeds of these tax benefits to go toward
reducing rents on the Federally rehabiliated units.

These findings were revealed during Senate Banking Committee hearings in a
report by HUD Inspector General Paul Adams, which documents alleged influence
peddling by former HUD and cabinet officials in the allocation of Section 8
Moderate Rehabilitation program funds.

"The IG's reports suggests that developers were allowed to distort the program"
to get tax-exempt bonds, low-income housing tax credits, and financing under the
HUD co-insurance program, said Committee chairman Donald Riegle, D., Mich.

Inspector General Adams found that Winn and Associates, a Colorado-based
development company run by two former HUD officials, received rehab funds for
160 units and low-income tax credits worth $ 1 million and possibly more.

Philip Winn, a former HUD assistant secretary for housing, heads up the company
along with Philip Abrams, a former HUD undersecretary.

Mr. Winn is presently the U.S. ambassador to Switzerland.

He was a candidate for Federal Home Loan Bank Board chairman when Edwin J.
Gray's term was ending.  The post eventually went to current FHLBB chairman M.
Danny Wall.

The IG also found that Gerald Carmen, former chief of the Federal Asset
Disposition Association, also received low-income tax credits in connection with
a moderate rehabiliation project at Pebble Creek Apartment in Arlington, Texas.

The Pebble Creek project is currently being audited, but HUD deputy assistant
inspector general John Greer estimates that Mr. Carmen and a partner divided $
2.3 million in low-income tax credits.

Mr. Greer noted that the sales of the tax credits to investors could be taken as
profits up front.

Sen. Riegle called it a "windfall" that depleted funds from low-income housing.

The Section 8 Moderate Rehabilitation program provides up to $ 6,500 to
rehabilitate substandard apartments for low-income tenants and subsidizes the
rent for 15 years.

The guaranteed income stream for 15 years and the tax benefits associated with
low-income housing "induced developers to get involved in the program,"
according to Mr. Greer.

Lack of administration by HUD reportedly allowed private co-insurers of
multi-family mortgages to set the fair market value of the rental units.

HUD Inspector General Adams noted that the co-insurers have a natural incentive
to "gold plate" the mortgages and to set high rental rates.

HUD makes up the difference between what the tenant can pay and the fair market
value of the rental unit.

HUD Secretary Jack Kemp recently took control of rent calculations, however.

In a May 5 letter, Secretary Kemp spelled out new procedures for establishing
rents in co-insured multi-family rehab programs.

Meanwhile, Senators George Mitchell, D., Me., and John Danforth, R., Mo., have
introduced a bill (S. 908), to permanently extend the low-income housing tax
credits

Mr. Greer noted that the bill contains some provisions that would apply to the
proceeds of the tax credits to the low-income housing project.

Induced by rent subsidies and tax credits, some developers paid consultants,
such as former Massachusetts Senator Edward Brooke, former Interior Secretary
James Watt and former Reagan campaign fundraiser Richard Shelby, hundreds of
thousand of dollars.

Under oath, Mr. Shelby testified about his contacts with Silvio J.
Debartolomeis, then acting HUD housing secretary, and Deborah Dean, a former
executive assistant to then-HUD Secretary Sameul Pierce.

Mr. Debartolomeis, who administered the Moderate Rehab program, now works for
Winn and Associates.

Mr. Shelby testified that he was paid $ 335,000 in consulting fees for his
successful efforts to get Moderate Rehabiliation funding for two projects.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1989 National Thrift News, Inc.


                             341 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Edmonton Journal (Alberta)

                            February 9, 2007 Friday
                                 Final Edition

Home builders shift into overdrive: Starts up 30 per cent this year as condo
construction takes off

BYLINE: Ron Chalmers, The Edmonton Journal

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. E1

LENGTH: 478  words

DATELINE: EDMONTON


EDMONTON - Edmonton-area condo construction surged in January while rentals
slumped.

Total housing starts rose 30 per cent, with 487 multiple units being started --
up from only 144 in January 2006.

"The multiple numbers move around a lot," explained Richard Goatcher, senior
market analyst with Canada Mortgage and Housing Corp., which released the
figures, Thursday.

With each multiple project, several dozen units are started simultaneously,
causing spikes in the numbers. Also, "last January was particularly weak for row
houses and apartments," he added.

But Goatcher sees a sustained shift toward more condos. "For an increasing
number of people, moving here or starting a household, the multi-family market
has an attractive price advantage," he said.

"I think we'll continue to see strong demand for more affordable housing."

Despite that demand, the industry will be constrained, Goatcher said. "It's
pretty much running at capacity. The challenge is to find sites and crews."

The strong January activity creates little relief for tenants, as those
multiple-unit starts included 457 condominium apartments and townhouses, 26
duplexes -- and only four rental apartments.

"Rental construction has been quite anemic for over a year, despite tight
vacancies and rising rents," Goatcher said.

Construction costs have inflated and home ownership demand has risen, but the
ability of tenants to pay higher rents has not kept pace, he said. So developers
earn more profit by building condos rather than rental apartments.

"I'm not encouraged" by the outlook for affordable rentals, Goatcher said.

He noted that about 20 per cent of condo units are bought as investments, then
rented -- but often at up to $1,500 per month, which is beyond the reach of most
tenants.

Edmonton-area single-family starts fell this January to 611 houses from 699 in
January, 2006.

"No surprise there," Goatcher said. "Last month's actvity still represented the
second-best January performance on record, and last year's tally was aided by
exceptionally mild winter weather."

Prospective buyers of detached homes may find some relief in the next few
months, Goatcher said. "We expect the resale inventory to improve, and a lot
more single-family dwellings to be completed in the next three to six months."

He expects higher supply to "create a more competitive environment," but not to
depress prices "because the economy is so strong."

Total housing starts this January rose from last January by 30 per cent in
Edmonton and 32 per cent in Alberta, despite a 26-per-cent decline in Calgary
that was more than offset by increases in Fort McMurray and Grande Prairie.

Across Canada, starts rose in January by 12 per cent, reflecting "historically
low mortgage rates, solid employment and income growth, and a high level of
consumer confidence," said CMHC chief economist Bob Dugan.

rchalmers@thejournal.canwest.com

LOAD-DATE: February 9, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Business; Statistics

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 2007 Edmonton Journal, a division of Canwest MediaWorks Publication
                                      Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             342 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                     March 1, 1979, Thursday, Final Edition

Accord Allows South Laurel Families to Remain;
P.G., HUD Agree To Let Families Stay in Project

BYLINE:  By Jackson Diehl, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION:  Metro; C1

LENGTH: 706 words


Prince George's County and federal officials reached an agreement yesterday that
will allow several hundred families at the South Laurel Mutual Homes project to
remain at the development while an estimated $1.5 million worth of repairs are
made with federal funds.

The agreement was reached in a late afternoon meeting between Prince George's
County Executive Lawrence J. Hogan, county inspectors and officials of the
Department of Housing and Urban Development, which took over the troubled
project yesterday from its owners.

Under the informal compromise, federal officials will gradually move families
from condemned buildings at the project to other units that are considered safe
while making repairs in 39 buildings that have been declared either unfit or
unsafe for human habitation by the county.

The county will assist in moving families and in finding safe apartments for
them and will waive its March 30 deadline for completing repairs at South
Laurel.  Until yesterday, county officials had said that they would evict the
residents of the condemned buildings on March 30, and would then attempt to raze
the project.

The agreement between HUD and county officials marks what both sides say will be
a new era of cooperation in handling federally subsidized projects.  In the
past, county officials vetoed HUD-backed proposals for rent assistance to
project residents, and an effort by former County Executive Winfield M. Kelly
Jr. to raze the federally backed Baber Village project was blocked by HUD in
court.

Federal officials said they intend to spend up to six months rehabilitating the
South Laurel project, which was known until recently as Pumpkin Hill and was
owned, in part, by developer Ralph D. Rocks and attorney William Kahler.

Larry Dale, deputy director of the local HUD office, announced at a county
Landlord-Tenant Commission hearing last night that work will begin after an
inspection of the property by county and federal officials Friday.

Last night's hearing was held ostensibly to consider an appeal by the project's
owners of a decision by the county on Jan. 25 to revoke the project's rental
license.

Before the hearing could begin, however, Louis Pohoryles, an attorney for the
owners, announced that the deed to ther project had been turned over to HUD
officials hours earlier.  The owners had not made mortgage payments in more than
a year, and maintained that they could not afford to make repairs on the
project.

The transfer of the deed by the owners to HUD, Pohoryles and Dale said, saved
HUD from foreclosing on the project, a process that would have taken months.

In an interview, Pohoryles said that the owners have agreed to turn over the
project's reserve fund for repairs to HUD, as well as several tax refunds that
the owners shad been awarded.

Dale said that HUD has decided to retain the projects management company,
Multi-Family Housing Services Inc., while the project is being repaired.  An
attorney for the tenants said last night that numerous complaints have been
filed in recent days accusing Multi-Family Services of ignoring requests for
repairs and of failing to inform tenants of the county's code-enforcing actions.

After repairs are completed, Dale said, HUD will undertake a lengthy study of
the project before deciding what to do with it.  Eventually, Dale said, HUD
would transfer or sell the project to other owners.

Asked if HUD would consider razing some of the 51 buildings at the development
-- as Hogan has recommended for other failing subsidized projects in the county
-- Dale said, "That will be one of many alternatives that will be discussed."

"I'm not prepared to say what the project will look like five years from now or
three years from now," Dale said.  "Right now we intend to work out a plan for
repairing and consolidating the units.  That will be the first in a series of
steps."

The federal plan "Will have the minimum impact on the people there," said
Charles Deegan, the acting director of the Prince George's Department of
Licenses and Permits, which condemned the building.

"The result will be that these people will have a decent place to live, which is
what we were after to begin with."

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 1979 The Washington Post


                             343 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            December 28, 2015 Monday

Kentucky: Sheppard Square transformation nearly complete

LENGTH: 358  words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Frankfort: City of Louisville, The state of Kentucky has issued the following
news release:



 A new chapter is starting for a formerly blighted public housing complex in
Louisville.





 Mayor Greg Fischer said Tuesday, the nearly four-year-long project at the
Sheppard Square apartments is almost finished.



 "We love to see historic areas of our cities go through this type of
revitalization for mixed use and mixed income," he said.  "As you can see, the
work product is great, the citizen response has been fantastic as well."



 The estimated $100 million dollar development project includes 287 rental units
and 23 home ownership units in both single and multi -family homes.



 The first residents started moving in, in March of 2014.



 Reneisha Woods, site manager at Sheppard Square, says since then she's received
great feedback.



 "I have been in management for 20 years and I have never seen something like
Sheppard Square," she said.  "They really did go above and beyond so people are
really dying to get into those units."



 The apartments also come with rooftop solar panels, and energy-saving
appliances.



 "The tubs, toilets, washers, dishwashers, everything is energy efficient to
make the utilities as low as possible," said Woods. "And from talking to the
residents, it's working."



 Rent is based on 30 percent of a person's income.



 The waiting list to secure an apartment based on income is two to five years.



 However, if you are over the income limit, there are market-rate apartments
available.



 Mayor Fischer says the project will help attract other investors to the area.



 "When you see this kind of public investment, then you start seeing the private
investors come in and start developing in adjacent areas, which leads to this
kind of virtuous development," he said.



 Officials say the work done at Sheppard Square is a model of what can be done
in other neighborhoods.



 They say the next task will be to revitalize the Russell Neighborhood.



 Construction in Sheppard Square is set to wrap up in Summer of 2016.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: December 30, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             344 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            December 28, 2015 Monday

Kentucky: Sheppard Square transformation nearly complete

LENGTH: 358  words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Frankfort: City of Louisville, The state of Kentucky has issued the following
news release:



 A new chapter is starting for a formerly blighted public housing complex in
Louisville.





 Mayor Greg Fischer said Tuesday, the nearly four-year-long project at the
Sheppard Square apartments is almost finished.



 "We love to see historic areas of our cities go through this type of
revitalization for mixed use and mixed income," he said.  "As you can see, the
work product is great, the citizen response has been fantastic as well."



 The estimated $100 million dollar development project includes 287 rental units
and 23 home ownership units in both single and multi -family homes.



 The first residents started moving in, in March of 2014.



 Reneisha Woods, site manager at Sheppard Square, says since then she's received
great feedback.



 "I have been in management for 20 years and I have never seen something like
Sheppard Square," she said.  "They really did go above and beyond so people are
really dying to get into those units."



 The apartments also come with rooftop solar panels, and energy-saving
appliances.



 "The tubs, toilets, washers, dishwashers, everything is energy efficient to
make the utilities as low as possible," said Woods. "And from talking to the
residents, it's working."



 Rent is based on 30 percent of a person's income.



 The waiting list to secure an apartment based on income is two to five years.



 However, if you are over the income limit, there are market-rate apartments
available.



 Mayor Fischer says the project will help attract other investors to the area.



 "When you see this kind of public investment, then you start seeing the private
investors come in and start developing in adjacent areas, which leads to this
kind of virtuous development," he said.



 Officials say the work done at Sheppard Square is a model of what can be done
in other neighborhoods.



 They say the next task will be to revitalize the Russell Neighborhood.



 Construction in Sheppard Square is set to wrap up in Summer of 2016.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: January 2, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             345 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                    Golden Valley News (Beach, North Dakota)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                  May 24, 2012

USDA seeking applications to improve housing

BYLINE: Golden Valley News staff

LENGTH: 225  words


USDA Rural Development State Director Jasper Schneider says that applications
for grants are being accepted to provide assistance to low income rural
residents to repair their homes.

"This funding opportunity helps homeowners make necessary property improvements
which are important to building strong, vibrant communities," Schneider said.
'"Upgrades may include anything from replacing a roof to installing energy
efficient technology."

Housing Preservation Grants are available to intermediaries such as town or
county governments, public-agencies, federally recognized Indian Tribes, and
non-profit and faith-based organizations. The grants are then distributed to
qualified homeowners, owners of multi-family rental properties or cooperative
dwellings who rent to low income residents.

Grants can be used to weatherize and repair existing structures, install or
improve plumbing or provide access to people with disabilities. Housing
Preservations Grants help bring job growth and stability to communities while
improving living conditions.

For fiscal year 2012, USDA may award up to $4.1 million in competitive grants
through the Housing Preservation Grant program. Applications are due June 25,
2012. For more information on how to apply, please contact the USDA Rural
Development office in Bismarck at (701) 530-2037 or visit
www.rurdev.usda.gov/nd.

LOAD-DATE: August 28, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Regional Government

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: GOV

                      Copyright 2012 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                       Copyright 2012 Golden Valley News


                             346 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

             Copyright (c) 2012 Georgetown Journal on Poverty Law &
                                     Policy
                   Georgetown Journal on Poverty Law & Policy

                                   Fall, 2012

                   Georgetown Journal on Poverty Law & Policy

                       20 Geo. J. Poverty Law & Pol'y 55

LENGTH: 22277 words

ARTICLE: Tenant Purchase as a Means of Creating and Preserving Affordable
Homeownership

NAME: Julie D. Lawton *

BIO:



   * Julie D. Lawton is an Assistant Clinical Professor of Law and Director of
the Housing and Community Development Legal Clinic at DePaul University College
of Law in Chicago, Illinois. Prior to joining DePaul, she was Senior Clinical
Supervisor and Adjunct Professor at the Harrison Institute for Housing and
Community Development Legal Clinic at Georgetown University Law Center in
Washington, D.C., for a number of years. She practiced with Morrison & Foerster
LLP prior to beginning her position at Georgetown. She has worked in affordable
housing development as an attorney, academic, and development consultant for
almost ten years. She helped tenant groups purchase, renovate, and convert their
multi-family apartment buildings in Washington, D.C. For their review and
comments, many thanks are extended to Michael Diamond, Dana Thompson, Bob
Statchen, Nicole Dandridge, Maggie Finnerty, Paul Tremblay, Brenda Smith, and
Patience Crowder. For their outstanding research assistance, many thanks to Matt
Dostal and Joanne Moon. Lastly, Professor Lawton extends her eternal gratitude
to the tenant associations who trusted her with their dreams of buying their
first homes pursuant to their rights under the Tenant Opportunity to Purchase
Act (TOPA). (c) 2012, Julie D. Lawton.

 TEXT:
 [*55]  INTRODUCTION

   For a number of years, the federal government and various local jurisdictions
have struggled with the most effective means of producing more units of
affordable housing.  n1 This Article proposes an affordable housing production
model that enables tenants to purchase their single-family homes and
multi-family apartment buildings based on a tenant purchasing program prevalent
in Washington, D.C.

   Throughout the years, Washington, D.C., like many jurisdictions, has tried
various measures to create and preserve affordable housing and make
homeownership affordable to more residents. From the early 1980s to the present,
the Washington, D.C. City Council has created the Housing Production Trust Fund,
n2 the Home Purchase Assistance Program,  n3 the Homestead Housing Preservation
Act,  n4 the Government Employer-Assisted Housing Program,  n5 and the
Inclusionary  [*56]  Zoning Program.  n6 One of the most productive programs  n7
created to produce and preserve units of affordable housing in Washington, D.C.
is the program known as the Tenant Opportunity to Purchase Act (TOPA).  n8
Generally, TOPA requires that a landlord owning residential property in
Washington, D.C. must first offer the tenants residing in that property the
opportunity to purchase it before selling that property to a third-party.  n9
The tenants then have the right to: (i) maintain the property as a rental owned
by either the tenants or a private developer chosen by the tenants,  n10 (ii)
purchase the property and convert it to a market rate or affordable condominium
or cooperative,  n11 (iii) sell their rights to purchase the property to any
entity the tenants choose for any value negotiated by the tenants,  n12 or (iv)
ignore their TOPA rights altogether. TOPA helps prevent the loss of affordable
housing units to the private market, promotes resident engagement and control in
the development of the resident's neighborhood, promotes private investment in
preserving affordable housing, enables residents--specifically low- and
moderate-income residents--to participate in the wealth creation from the
property sale, and creates homeownership opportunities for low- and
moderate-income residents who might otherwise be priced out of an expensive real
estate market.

   When I began working with TOPA, I represented a tenant group attempting to
purchase a thirteen-unit property with approximately nine residents. The
property was under contract to be sold, and the residents had decided they were
interested in trying to purchase the property. I met them in one of the
resident's apartments; all of us gathered together in this property that was in
significant need of repair. The residents were excited and eager, but wanted an
answer to a fundamental question confronting most tenants faced with the
opportunity to purchase their multi-family property pursuant to their rights
under TOPA: "Can we really buy our home?" One of the residents had lived in the
property for almost thirty years and had never owned property before. He was an
African-American gentleman who, at ninety-years old, thought he would die never
having owned property. This Article discusses the law in Washington, D.C. that
gave these residents, and  [*57]  thousands more, the opportunity to purchase
their property before that property could be sold to a third party buyer.

   I represented tenant groups in Washington, D.C. in the purchase, renovation,
and conversion of their multi-family apartment buildings for many years and
experienced TOPA's ability to facilitate the preservation of affordable
homeownership in gentrifying neighborhoods, to empower low- and moderate-income
residents in influencing the redevelopment of their neighborhoods, and to
provide wealth creation for the tenants who were able to successfully purchase
their properties in a manner that preserved affordability. Other jurisdictions
should consider a law providing some form of tenant purchase rights to residents
of multi-family properties to help create and preserve affordable housing. This
Article seeks to provide those jurisdictions with an in-depth review of TOPA,
its benefits, and some suggested areas of improvement. This Article also seeks
to provide Washington, D.C. with a rare scholarly review of TOPA by someone who
worked closely on TOPA policy, business, and legal issues for a number of years.

   Part I of this Article discusses the major housing changes in Washington,
D.C. culminating in the housing crisis that prompted the passage of TOPA. Part
II describes TOPA. Part III concludes with additional recommendations to improve
TOPA.

   I. HISTORY OF HOUSING AND POPULATION IN WASHINGTON, D.C.

   Before discussing TOPA in detail, this Article will review a few of the major
historical geopolitical developments in Washington, D.C. These developments
helped to create the housing patterns and housing needs that existed at the time
of TOPA's passage and will provide context for why Washington, D.C. felt it
necessary to institute TOPA. This Part will first discuss the influx of working
class African-Americans relocating to Washington, D.C. in the 1940s and 1950s as
part of The Great Migration and the resultant pressures on the city's housing
stock, which increased the need for affordable housing. This Part will then
discuss the 1968 race riots in Washington, D.C. that destroyed three major
commercial corridors and hundreds of homes, furthering the city's need for
affordable housing. This Part will conclude with a discussion of the rapid
increase of conversion of residential rental properties to condominiums and
cooperatives in Washington, D.C. in the 1970s--the last major geopolitical
development leading to the housing crisis that prompted the Washington D.C. City
Council to pass TOPA.

A. 1940s and 1950s: The Great Migration and Suburbanization of Washington, D.C.

   Beginning in the 1940s, and through the 1960s, the population of Washington,
D.C., like that of many cities, experienced significant change due to an influx
of  [*58]  African-Americans to the cities and the growth of the suburbs.  n13
With the decline of the agrarian industry in the southern United States and the
growth of industry in the North, many African-Americans began moving to the
North.  n14 The African-American population was pulled out of the South by the
newly-available job opportunities in the North and pushed to the North by
shrinking labor needs in the newly depressed agricultural portions of the South.
n15

   Beyond the trials of African-Americans losing employment opportunities, other
factors demonstrated the need for African-Americans to leave what was, at that
time, a familiar, though unwelcome, home. Their right to vote was threatened or
eliminated.  n16 Their right to a quality education was similarly endangered,
n17 and the threat of physical harm to African-American men was very real.  n18
To try to build a new life, they moved north in search of new opportunities.

   It is important to contemplate the African-Americans who were moving from the
South in the 1940s. These were the grandchildren of slaves. These were
individuals whose lives had been structured by the history of slavery, from the
way they were treated and viewed by their white counterparts--the grandchildren
of plantation owners--to the way these individuals viewed themselves, having
lived in a society of rampant racism where they were treated, and expected to be
treated, as second-class citizens. These were individuals who formerly engaged
in sharecropping, a system of servitude,  n19 whose families had lived an almost
exclusively rural life. These individuals moved to a section of the country with
a way of life that, for many of them, was vastly different from anything they,
or anyone in their family, had ever known. As George Groh notes:


     [A] trek from a southern cotton field to a northern city entails a
     journey of some five hundred to a thousand miles. In other ways not so
     easily measured, the distance is enormous. An Alabama field hand can
     board a bus and be in Chicago  [*59]  twenty-four hours later; in that
     quick spin of the clock he is confronted with jolting changes in the
     style of life, the ground rules of survival, the whole pattern of
     existence.  n20

   This migration from the South to the North altered the demographics and the
housing needs of northern urban areas, including Washington, D.C. From 1940 to
1960, while the overall population in Washington, D.C. grew by only 15%, the
African-American population grew by 120%.  n21 In that same period, the white
population in Washington, D.C. declined by almost 30%.  n22 Many of the
African-American residents in Washington, D.C. were able to rent or own a home;
in the Washington, D.C. metropolitan area, African-Americans owned almost half
of all owner-occupied units, while African-Americans occupied 43% of all rental
units.  n23 Fortunately, the existing housing stock was mostly sound, although
70% to 80% of the deteriorating or dilapidated housing units were occupied by
African-Americans and other minorities.  n24 At that time, adequate rental
housing was not readily available for the city's new population except in
low-rent public housing, which had long waiting lists.  n25

   New housing was needed to accommodate this changing population, though the
need for new housing for the newly arrived African-Americans was not met by new
construction. From 1950 to 1959, while over 194,000 units of new residential
construction were built in the Washington, D.C. metropolitan area,
African-American families occupied only 5% of newly constructed homes.  n26

   By 1960, as a result of the Great Migration, Washington D.C. became a city
with an African-American majority population.  n27 With the vast majority of the
new construction being sold and rented to white families, the African-American
majority was left to occupy existing housing within the city's boundaries since
African-Americans were not expanding to the suburbs.  n28 At the time, almost
85% of the African-Americans in the Washington, D.C. metropolitan area lived in
the city.  n29 African-Americans comprised approximately 54% of the total
population of the city, whereas they were only 6% of the total population of the
Washington, D.C. suburbs.  n30

    [*60]  The majority of the city's land area had very small percentages of
African-Americans. In 1940, there were three small areas with a significant
African-American population in Washington, D.C.  n31 By 1950, the pattern
remained largely unchanged.  n32 The African-American population had increased,
but it had not expanded much beyond their areas of initial concentration,
creating overcrowding and doubling-up of families.  n33 The concentration of
African-Americans in Washington, D.C., and in particular, their concentration in
racially homogenous areas of the city, was partially a reflection of economic
disadvantages and some self-segregation,  n34 but was mostly a result of forced
segregation.  n35 Poorer African-Americans were frequently confined to these
areas, where they were subject to high rent, congestion, and substandard living
conditions.  n36 With the influx of working-class African-Americans from the
South, deeper patterns of residential segregation and ghettoization in
Washington, D.C. surfaced, placing further strain on the city's available stock
of affordable housing.  n37

B. 1960s: Civil Unrest

   In the mid-to-late 1960s, African-American residents in other cities were
experiencing the same unemployment, poverty, disenfranchisement, and housing
segregation as African-Americans in Washington, D.C., leading to a period of
significant civil unrest peaking in mid-1967, commonly called the "long, hot
summer."  n38 The unrest did not seem to occur as the result of a single
"triggering" or "precipitating" event.  n39 Instead, it was the result of a
"disturbed atmosphere" stemming from a series of high-tension incidents over a
period of weeks or months linked together with underlying grievances from
substandard housing, unemployment, and problematic police practices, as well as
the racial attitudes  [*61]  and behaviors of white Americans toward
African-Americans.  n40 African-Americans who rioted in cities such as Los
Angeles (Watts), Newark, and Detroit seemed to seek fuller participation in the
social order and the material benefits their white counterparts enjoyed.  n41
Their anger and resentment coalesced into significant outbreaks of violence in
hundreds of cities.  n42 Washington, D.C. had, for the most part, escaped the
violence raging across the country.  n43 However, when Dr. Martin Luther King
was assassinated in 1968, Washington, D.C. suffered devastating riots that
destroyed many of the vibrant commercial corridors in the city and with them,
some of the surrounding neighborhoods.  n44 These losses contributed to the
absence of readily available, decent, affordable housing.  n45

   On Thursday, April 4, 1968, at 7:16 pm, radios in Washington, D.C. began
announcing that Dr. King was shot while standing on a balcony in Memphis,
Tennessee.  n46 At 8:19 pm that evening, radios began announcing that Dr. King
died from his gunshot wound.  n47 In Washington, D.C., crowds began gathering in
the city's "Black Broadway"  n48 at the intersection of 14th and U Streets, NW,
reacting to the news of Dr. King's death.  n49 Stokely Carmichael, a black
activist who had coined the phrase "Black Power"  n50 and who had moved to
Washington, D.C. in 1967,  n51 began leading crowds into stores, ordering the
owners to close out of respect for Dr. King.  n52 As the crowds began to grow,
the mood continued to shift to anger and soon thereafter, the looting and
violence began.  n53 That evening, more than 200 stores suffered broken windows,
150 of those stores were looted, seven fires were lit, and more than 200
individuals were arrested.  n54 The looting and burning, at that time, was
limited to a relatively small area of the city. However, by Friday and Saturday,
the looting and burning expanded to cover the busy commercial corridors of 7th
Street, NW and H Street, NE.  n55 Molotov  [*62]  cocktails thrown by angry
bands of youth started many of the fires.  n56

   At the height of the rioting, on late Friday afternoon, approximately 200
fires were burning at once and almost 500 fires were set on that one day alone.
n57 The fires were spreading at a rate of twenty to thirty new fires per hour.
n58 By the end of the riots on Saturday, twelve people had died and
approximately 1200 people had suffered injuries.  n59 An estimated 20,000 people
participated in the riots.  n60 During those three days, 7600 people were
arrested, and the city suffered more than $ 27 million in direct and indirect
expenses.  n61 Business properties--more than government or residential
properties--suffered the most physical damage in the riots, with over 900
businesses suffering damage.  n62 The riots eliminated approximately 2500 jobs,
n63 and approximately 670 dwelling units were destroyed. All told, the
Washington, D.C. riots were the most destructive riots in the United States,
except for the 1965 Watts riot and the 1967 Detroit riot.  n64 With the
destruction of so many dwelling units, hundreds of families were displaced and
mostly moved in with other families, increasing the already overcrowded housing
in the city.  n65

   After the riots, the city began the slow process of attempting to rebuild,
n66 but the physical destruction of the major commercial corridors and the
resulting crime would remain for many years. As a long-time resident of
Washington, D.C., I moved to the H Street, NE commercial corridor in 2003. Even
then, the destruction was still evident. Many buildings had not been rebuilt or
remained unoccupied. The prosperity of the neighborhood had not returned.  n67
For years after 1968, the commercial corridors of U Street, NW and H Street, NE,
obliterated by the rioting, suffered blight and crime.  n68 Many of the housing
units in the area remained unoccupied or highly undesirable, contributing to the
decline of the neighboring residential areas for a number of years.  n69

    [*63]  C. 1970s: Rental Conversions

   The third major event that contributed to the city's housing crisis leading
to the passage of TOPA was the increasing number of residential rental units
being converted into cooperatives and condominiums in the 1970s.  n70 In 1970,
it was still very difficult for renters in Washington, D.C. to find decent,
affordable rental housing.  n71 Rental housing conversions were of particular
concern in Washington, D.C. because the city had a housing market primarily
oriented toward rental units.  n72 In 1980, the year TOPA passed, 65% of
households in Washington, D.C. were renters,  n73 making Washington, D.C. second
only to New York City in the percentage of rental households.  n74 Rental
housing conversions were additionally challenging for the elderly and the poor
because of the financial difficulties in buying the unit where they resided when
their buildings were converted from rentals to condominiums or cooperatives.
n75 Very few rental units were being constructed and very few vacant units were
being made available for renters.  n76 According to the city's mayor, this was
because the high cost of construction, utilities, financing, and the trend
toward rent control began to outweigh the incentives for investing in the
production of new, affordable rental housing and continued ownership of existing
rental housing.  n77 More units were being converted to other uses or demolished
than were becoming available for rent.  n78 The conversion controls instituted
to protect affordable rental housing were proving insufficient and additional
measures were needed to protect against the conversions that were displacing
many of the city's low- and moderate-income and elderly residents who were
living on a fixed income.  n79

    [*64]  Between 1975 and May of 1979, over 6000 of the city's 160,000
privately owned rental units were converted into condominiums and nearly 1000
were converted into cooperatives.  n80 In 1978 alone, 2000 units were converted
from rental buildings, which was five times the number converted in 1977.  n81
From 1977 to 1980, 4.5% of the city's 1977 rental housing had been converted to
condominiums or cooperatives, and an additional 8.3% had applied or been
approved to convert.  n82 The conversions were concentrated in the city's
high-income neighborhoods. Wards Two and Three had the highest average family
incomes of all the wards in the city.  n83 From 1974 to 1979, 72% of all
conversions in the city were in Wards Two and Three, even though those two wards
only had 34% of the city's total rental units.  n84 According to the city's
analysis, the high rate of conversions in the upper income areas of the city
significantly displaced low-and moderate-income residents who remained in those
areas, as they were unable to buy their converted units.  n85 The higher income
earners, however, when faced with a conversion, were able to purchase their
units.  n86 The lower income residents living in affordable housing in those
areas were displaced.  n87 The city found that, instead of older housing stock
"trickling down" to low- and moderate-income families, the older housing was
renovated or converted at prices that were not affordable to the low- and
moderate-income residents.  n88 To address these issues, a partial moratorium
was passed in May 1979, limiting conversions to buildings where the conversion
was in progress or where a majority of the tenants approved of the conversion
from rental to condominiums and cooperatives.  n89 Despite the moratorium in May
of that year, the number of rental units converted in 1979 surpassed the total
number of rental units converted in all of 1978.  n90 The trend was expected to
continue at the same rate throughout 1980.  n91

   II. TOPA

   On November 14, 1979, the bill that would become the Rental Housing
Conversion and Sale Act of 1980, a part of which is commonly known as TOPA,
[*65]  was referred to the Washington, D.C. Council Committee on Housing and
Economic Development.  n92 The Council held a public hearing on February 14,
1980 that included testimony from many residents as well as the city's
Department of Housing and Community Development (DHCD).  n93 On May 13, 1980,
the Committee voted the bill out of committee to be considered by the Council.
n94 The Council approved the Act on June 17, 1980 and it was signed by
then-Mayor Marion Barry, Jr. on June 27, 1980.  n95

   The Council, subject to the District of Columbia Home Rule Act, transmitted
the Act to Congress for review.  n96 As part of its review, the Congressional
Committee on the District of Columbia of the House of Representatives held an
oversight hearing and markup on Congressional Resolution 420 ("Congressional
Resolution"). Texas Representative Charles Wilson had submitted the
Congressional Resolution to reject the Act.  n97 Representative Wilson primarily
opposed the portion of the Act that would prevent a rental building from
converting into a condominium or cooperative without tenant approval.  n98
Representative Wilson argued that to address the housing needs of the poor,
Washington, D.C. should implement a:


     meaningful rent supplemental program that would say that a poor family
     is going to spend not more than 25% of their income for shelter and
     the rest of the money to be made up through a rental supplement
     program to be funded largely by . . . the federal government.  n99


Washington, D.C. city officials argued that the housing crisis warranted the
proposed measures of the Act to create homeownership and prevent displacement.
n100 The intent of TOPA was to "protect these individuals and their families
from displacement and loss of their homes."  n101 The Congressional Resolution
[*66]  was not approved and the Act became law.  n102

   TOPA's five major listed purposes are to: (1) "discourage the displacement of
tenants through conversion or sale of rental property,"  n103 (2) "strengthen
the tenants' bargaining position without unduly interfering with the rights of
property owners to the due process of law,"  n104 (3) "preserve rental housing
which can be afforded by lower income tenants,"  n105 (4) "prevent lower income
elderly and disabled tenants from being involuntarily displaced when their
rental housing is converted,"  n106 and (5) "balance . . . the . . . conflicting
goals of creating homeownership for lower income tenants, preserve affordable
rental housing, and minimize displacement."  n107 There are two major portions
of the Act. The "conversion" portion focuses primarily on the conversion of
rental housing into cooperatives and condominiums.  n108 These provisions offer
protections to residents of properties that are being converted and provide
residents with the power to determine whether their properties are converted or
remain rentals.  n109 The "sale" portion of the Act, commonly referred to as
TOPA, provides the tenants in a property that is being sold the opportunity to
purchase the property before it is sold to a third party.  n110 This Article
focuses on the "sale" portion of the Act.  n111

A. Owner's Obligation to Offer Property to Tenants

   Generally, under TOPA, before an owner of a housing accommodation  n112 may
(i) sell the accommodation, (ii) issue a notice of intent to recover possession,
or  [*67]  (iii) issue a notice to vacate, the owner must first provide the
tenants the opportunity to purchase the housing accommodation at a price and
with terms that represent a bona fide offer of sale.  n113 To accomplish this,
the owner must send a "Notice of Offer" of sale by certified mail to each tenant
in the owner's property and must post the notice in the common areas of the
property.  n114 The notice must contain certain information, the most important
of which is the material terms of the sale.  n115 The owner and the tenants have
a requirement to bargain in good faith, which means, among other things, that
the owner must offer the tenants the right to purchase the property at a price
and with terms that are at least as favorable as those offered to a third party.
n116

   The property sales price is an important aspect of the tenants' right to
purchase the property, so the tenants need assurance that the purchase price
offered by the owner is a fair-market price for the property. The purchase price
needs to be at, or below, market value, otherwise the property will not appraise
for the purchase price and, thus, will likely not qualify for lender financing,
risking the tenants' rights to purchase.  n117 In addition, if the purchase
price is above market value, the tenants can have a difficult time finding
another owner willing to purchase the property on the tenants' behalf. The owner
can offer the tenants the opportunity to purchase either with or without a
contract to sell the property to a third party buyer.  n118 When tenants receive
a "Notice of Offer" with a third party contract in place, the tenants have some
security that the purchase price has some merit since a third-party buyer has
already evaluated the property and agreed to purchase the property at that
price.

   If the owner offers the property for sale to the tenants without a contract
with a third-party buyer, which occurs with some frequency, there is no
statutory process for determining the property purchase price the owner offers
to the tenants.  n119 The owner, in effect, has total control over the price
offered to the tenants. The owner has an incentive to offer the property to the
tenants at as high a price as possible, not only for the financial benefit of a
high sales price, but also as a means of discouraging the tenants' ability to
exercise their TOPA rights.

    [*68]  B. Tenants' Obligations to Preserve Right to Purchase

   After receiving the "Notice of Offer," tenants have certain requirements that
must be met to secure their right to purchase the property. TOPA provides
different timeframe requirements governing the property sale, depending on
whether the property has one unit, two to four units, or five or more units.
n120 Because I worked primarily with properties with five or more units, this
Article will focus on TOPA rights for these properties.  n121 For a property
that has five or more units, once the tenants receive the "Notice of Offer," the
tenants must organize and form a tenant organization.  n122 In addition, the
tenant organization must register its interest in purchasing the property with
the city and must send written notice to the owner of the property of the tenant
organization's interest in purchasing.  n123 Once the tenant organization is
formed and registered, the tenant organization becomes the only entity that has
the authority to negotiate on behalf of the residents.  n124 This is often a
crucial point in the TOPA process as tenants come to understand that their right
to buy is a collective right to purchase, not an individual right. It requires
the tenants to work collectively toward a common goal and to work through the
sometimes inefficient and fractured structure of a tenant organization.  n125

   1. Obstacles for Tenants Under TOPA

   Forming a tenant organization, or tenant association as it is commonly
called, is a simple matter of incorporating a non-profit  n126 entity with the
requisite number of incorporators and paying the requisite filing fee.  n127
However, the tenants are not just forming a corporation at this point--they are
attempting to create a functioning community development organization.  n128 For
many tenants,  [*69]  this presents an exhilarating opportunity. For other
tenants, this is a terrifying moment. Many of the tenants in the properties with
which I worked were very excited at the prospect of becoming first-time
homeowners, but they were also confused and overwhelmed with the prospect of the
process. Many tenants did not fully understand their rights or obligations under
TOPA and were subject to influence by a developer seeking to undermine their
rights.

   There are other dangers at this point in the TOPA process as well. For
example, tenants could underestimate the value of the opportunity provided or
the work that is involved in a successful TOPA project, or decline to pursue
their TOPA rights because of a fear of the unknown. To combat these risks, it is
important that tenants are educated early in the process about their legal
rights and obligations under TOPA, the potential value of their TOPA rights, the
difficulties of completing a successful TOPA project, and the risks of not
responding to the "Notice of Offer."

   To address some of these concerns, DHCD, the agency tasked with regulating
TOPA, funds non-profit organizations that meet with tenants after the tenants
receive their "Notices of Offer" to provide the technical assistance that is so
vital at this point in the process.  n129 The technical assistance providers are
necessary to help the tenants organize by hosting tenant meetings to explain the
process and to explain the tenants' rights and obligations. The technical
assistance providers are also necessary to demonstrate to the tenants that
exercising their TOPA rights is a viable process in which they can be
successful. The technical assistance providers should be trained, however, in
how to help tenants in this process to ensure that the tenants receive the
appropriate level of support. Too little assistance could leave the tenants
helpless in their efforts to navigate the TOPA process and too much assistance
can prevent the tenants from learning to stand on their own. If the providers
perform too much of the work early on, tenants may not understand the magnitude
of the work that is required to purchase and operate a multi-family property.
Tenants need to learn early in the process that while purchasing their property
is possible, it will require a massive investment of time, money, and energy to
complete the process.

   Completing the TOPA process is a struggle, and there is value in experiencing
that struggle. Residents who had previously only passed each other in the
hallway must now learn each other's needs and priorities. Where one tenant might
view the possibility of tenant purchase as a once in a lifetime opportunity to
own a home, another tenant might view it with serious distrust, considering the
history of oppression that is common in many low- and moderate-income
neighborhoods. Yet another tenant might view the purchase opportunity as a means
of wealth accumulation, which might conflict with another tenant's hope of using
the purchase as a means of preserving affordable housing in a gentrifying  [*70]
neighborhood. All tenants involved must now consider these disparate goals and
struggle to find a common path. This experience can cause division, but it often
helps tenant associations coalesce during the struggle.  n130 Tenant
associations rely on this cohesion to become self-sufficient, and technical
assistance providers must be sufficiently disengaged to allow the tenant
associations to navigate that struggle to find common ground.

   2. Obstacles for Attorneys Assisting TOPA Tenant Associations

   While TOPA can be a challenging experience for tenants, it can also be a
challenging experience for the tenant association's attorneys. The challenges of
providing legal counsel to a community group are well documented.  n131 When
representing a corporate entity, the attorney is responsible to the entity, not
to an individual.  n132 Thus, a tenant association's decision to convert its
property from a rental, expressed through the group leaders, can present a
personal challenge to the community lawyer who now has to advise the tenant
association on a conversion which may displace the poor or disenfranchised.

   Alternatively, a tenant association might have the opportunity to purchase a
property that would enable the residents to become homeowners with little
displacement. If the tenants are unwilling to put forth the time and effort to
exercise their TOPA rights and purchase that property, how hard should the
attorney push the tenants to complete the purchase? If it is clear that the
tenants' unwillingness or inability to coalesce around a direction will lead to
the tenants losing their right to purchase the property, should the attorney use
her influence to lead the group through the process to ensure some variation of
a successful result? Or should the attorney let the tenant association fail?
There is value in a client's failure since the client will then learn from that
failure. For those who are "good" decision makers, that decision-making ability
often results from learning from one's decisions. If tenants never experience
the consequences of their own decisions, how will they ever improve their
collective decision-making skills?  n133  [*71]  Is it the attorney's place to
make such decisions for her clients even if, to the attorney, the decision not
to exercise their TOPA rights seems an objectively good decision? These are
difficult questions for the attorney, because there are no clear answers.

   I worked with a tenant association who purchased a multi-family property in a
quickly gentrifying neighborhood in Washington, D.C. The tenant association held
the property for a number of years while the value of the property more than
tripled beyond the price the tenant association paid for the property. The
tenant association renovated the property and converted it to a luxury
condominium property selling vacant units at market rate prices and selling the
original tenants their units at a price approximately $ 100,000 to $ 120,000
below market value. One of the original tenants in the property was a low-income
resident who, based on a lender's analysis of the tenant's income and credit,
qualified for a mortgage to purchase this property. Since the tenant was
financially qualified, all that remained for the tenant to purchase the unit was
for the tenant to attend a one-day homebuyer's course held on a Saturday. The
tenant had the option of both purchasing and residing in the unit, or purchasing
the unit and immediately flipping the property to another owner and retaining
the profit, less transaction costs. The profit would have been significantly
above the tenant's annual income. The challenge, however, was that the tenant
withdrew from the process by inaction. The tenant did not return phone messages
left in English or Spanish, the tenant's primary language. The tenant did not
respond to letters sent to the tenant's known address in English or Spanish. I
even enlisted the assistance of her son, who resided with her, to talk with his
mother about her willingness to participate. The tenant worked two jobs as a
single parent to support two children and, thus, had other priorities. However,
the financial benefit to the tenant and the tenant's family was undeniable. I
was, and remain, troubled about the tenant's refusal to participate.

   I felt compelled to talk with the tenant and explain the potential
consequences of not participating. I wanted to explain how such a financial
windfall could impact the tenant's family's financial future. To this day, it is
not clear to me why the tenant refused to engage in the process. It is possible
that the tenant did not have the time to spare from an hourly wage job to attend
the homebuyer's seminar. It is possible that the tenant lacked the faith that
the purchase was a real opportunity. It is possible that the tenant knew the
financial benefits and made an informed choice to disengage. I never received an
answer. It is clear that the choice to participate, and to determine whether the
participation was the right  [*72]  path for the tenant and the tenant's family,
was not mine to make or judge. Given the financial magnitude of the consequences
of not participating, and the multitude of factors that impact a tenant's
decision to participate, the extent of the attorney's influence in the client's
decision can be very difficult to navigate.

   3. Challenges for Tenant Association Leaders

   TOPA not only creates challenges for the tenants and the tenant association's
attorney, but there are also particular challenges for the tenant association's
leaders. When working with a tenant association navigating TOPA, it is common
for a small number of "group leaders" to emerge. These individuals typically are
the main contact for the attorney and are usually authorized to speak on behalf
of the tenant association as dictated in the corporate bylaws and, often, the
retainer agreement. The group leaders are generally well intentioned, but often
ill-prepared for the extreme challenges of leading a group with such diverse
interests. Group leaders are often not equipped to lead the group in a direction
that is contrary to the preference of the leaders. The group leader might prefer
to purchase the property and convert it to affordable condominiums that the
residents can purchase. If only a small group of residents are able to qualify
for a mortgage to purchase a condominium, converting to a condominium might
displace a number of residents. If the group leader is among those wanting to
convert, declining the opportunity to convert would require a selflessness from
the leader that he or she may not be prepared to provide.

   While it can be difficult for the tenant association leader to determine
whether he or she is ready for the responsibility of leadership, it also can be
difficult for tenant associations and third parties to determine the most
effective leader to represent, and promote the long-term goals of, the tenant
association. If a third party seeking to partner with a tenant association or
fund a tenant association's building purchase were allowed to choose the tenant
association's leader, there is a risk that a person might be chosen and
perceived as an effective leader primarily because of the demographic
similarities between the leader and the tenants being represented.  n134 Such a
leader might be reflective of the tenants' demographics and, thus, entrusted by
third parties to effectively communicate the needs of the tenants. Third parties
might view a person with the same gender, race, income, and socio-economic
experiences as a person who can be trusted to represent the needs of the tenant
association.  n135 However, such similarities are not solely determinative of
whether a person is an effective representative. The TOPA statutory framework
offers some protection against this by requiring tenants to form a tenant
association, which as a corporation, requires a Board of Directors. The tenants
are able to choose and elect their own leaders, and thus, have the  [*73]
opportunity to determine which qualifications are needed to best reflect their
needs.

   There is also a risk, particularly when the tenants are low- and
moderate-income residents, that the tenant association's leader might experience
"representative opportunism."  n136 A tenant association's representative, when
faced with the potential for political and social influence, as well as
financial rewards, might be swayed to advocate or make decisions for the tenant
association that are motivated by selfish goals instead of representing the
goals of the tenant association.  n137 However, since tenant association leaders
are directly elected by those they represent, such leaders have a self-serving
interest in reflecting the goals of the majority to avoid being voted out of
office. This threat can be mitigated with tenant involvement, which TOPA's
structure encourages. TOPA tenant association meetings are frequently held in
the evening at the property, generally allowing most residents to attend and
participate in the meetings. Meeting minutes can also be recorded and be
available for review by, or sent for review to, all tenant association members.
This level of oversight and participation help to mitigate the threat of
representative opportunism.

   Another potential threat to the tenant association from its leaders is
"representative acquiescence."  n138 Representative acquiescence occurs when
stakeholder representatives unwittingly act opportunistically and submit to
decisions that further the interests of the wealthy and empowered to counter the
social stigmas, narratives, and pathologies assigned to low- and moderate-income
residents.  n139 It can be difficult for resident leaders of low- and
moderate-income communities to not view themselves through the eyes of others
and incorporate that into their decisions, sometimes to the detriment of the
tenants.

C. Earnest Money Deposit and Proof of Financial Ability to Purchase

   After registering its interest in purchasing the property, the tenant
association must negotiate a purchase contract and post an earnest money deposit
with the property owner.  n140 TOPA prohibits the owner from demanding a deposit
that is more than 5% of the purchase price,  n141 and, importantly, the tenant
association is not required to prove financial ability to perform under the
contract as a pre-requisite to entering into a purchase contract.  n142 TOPA
requires that, for a tenant association to secure its right to purchase, the
tenant association must  [*74]  provide to the owner the earnest money deposit.
n143 Tenant associations must borrow this money, either from DHCD, which makes
direct loans to tenant associations, or from a commercial or community lender.
n144 The restriction on the amount of earnest money deposit that can be required
of a tenant association is important because it is significantly less than what
is commonly required in other real property sales. In many multi-family purchase
transactions, it is not uncommon for an owner to require an earnest money
deposit of at least 10% of the purchase price,  n145 which would be difficult
for many tenant associations to procure. Without the statutorily required lower
earnest money deposit, tenant associations might have difficulty obtaining the
larger earnest money deposit and would be left to match the higher earnest money
deposits provided to the owner by third-party buyers with easier access to cash.
The smaller earnest money deposit and the statutory protection of its return
increase the likelihood that lenders will loan the tenant association the money
needed for the earnest money, which enables the tenants to preserve the
opportunity to purchase.  n146

D. Period of Time to Purchase

   After the tenant association executes a purchase contract with the owner and
posts an earnest money deposit, the tenant association has a statutorily
guaranteed period of time to secure financing for the purchase of the property
and to close on the property.  n147 It is important to note how very different
the time periods for a TOPA tenant purchase are from an unregulated multi-family
property sale to appreciate how effective TOPA can be in preserving the tenants'
rights to purchase and how challenging it can be for owners seeking to sell
their property. From the date tenants receive the "Notice of Offer" of sale, the
tenants have a minimum of thirteen months to complete the purchase, if they meet
certain statutory requirements.  n148 This timeframe is considerably longer than
a typical  [*75]  non-TOPA sale of multi-family property, which often closes in
less than three months.

   These time periods are important for a few reasons. The TOPA time periods
give tenants the necessary time to secure the often multi-million dollar
financing that is required to purchase the properties. Tenant associations must
submit a loan application like any other borrower and must undergo loan
underwriting and be reviewed by a lender's credit review committee. Generally,
commercial banks will require multiple sources of repayment to approve a
borrower.  n149 The borrower must demonstrate that it can repay the loan from
the borrower's cash flow--in this case, the rent from the property. The borrower
must also demonstrate that its collateral is sufficiently valuable such that,
upon liquidation, the proceeds from the liquidation will repay the loan in full,
plus cover any transaction costs. The property for which the loan is requested
is commonly the lender's collateral for the loan. The borrower generally also
must demonstrate repayment from the personal assets of one of the borrower's
principals, often provided in the form of a personal guarantee. Tenant
associations, unlike other corporate borrowers, are not able to provide this
form of repayment since none of the tenants, particularly in low- and
moderate-income properties, have sufficient assets to offer a personal guarantee
for the loan amount. This makes obtaining a loan more challenging when working
with commercial lenders.

   When I was in Washington, D.C. representing tenant associations, there were
some commercial lenders willing to provide loans to tenant associations to
purchase property pursuant to their TOPA rights. These lenders would often
require credit enhancements, such as a low loan amount compared to the value of
the property or require the property's cash flow to be significantly above the
cash flow needed to repay the loan. Commercial lenders have more stringent
underwriting requirements for tenant associations than, for example, a
government lender such as DHCD. However, commercial lenders were generally able
to close the loan faster, which is particularly helpful if the tenant
association's TOPA timeframes are close to expiring. Commercial lenders often do
not require income or resale affordability restrictions like DHCD, which can be
helpful if a tenant association wants to keep some of the units in its property
affordable by selling vacant units at a market-rate price to subsidize the
purchase price of  [*76]  existing residents.  n150 Commercial lenders also
generally do not demand the extensive paperwork DHCD requires when DHCD seeks to
verify the income of the residents comprising the tenant association seeking a
DHCD loan. The longer time periods under TOPA offer tenant associations the
chance to determine which lenders are the best fit for their borrowing needs.

   1. Time to Coalesce as a Group

   The extended TOPA time periods are also important to provide tenant
associations the time to learn how to function as an organization and to learn
and understand the TOPA process. Tenant associations are usually not smoothly
functioning organizations when they first invoke their TOPA rights. The
individual tenants of a tenant association bring their fears, hopes, previous
experiences, and often historical distrust to the process. They are not
immediately ready to purchase and operate what is, effectively, a multi-million
dollar enterprise. Tenant associations need time to learn to trust each other,
to develop a decision making process, and to learn to accept the decisions of
the tenant association that are sometimes contrary to individual preferences.
Tenants also need time to learn what their individual and collective obligations
are to exercise their TOPA rights successfully. They need time to individually
and collectively determine what their preferred outcomes are, to determine
whether they are financially able and ready to purchase the property, and to
decide whether this is even something in which they want to participate. The
extended TOPA time periods offer the tenant associations the opportunity to
evaluate these issues.

   2. Time to Learn

   In addition, many tenant associations need training and time to learn how to
own and manage property. Tenants need training on personal financial literacy,
including how to prepare and adhere to a personal budget. Tenants also need
training on how to read and interpret the monthly management reports submitted
by the property's management company that is now employed by the tenant
association. Tenants receive training on the financial costs of owning a
multi-family property and the importance of maintaining money reserves for the
upkeep of the property. It is important for the tenants to understand that if,
and  [*77]  when, they purchase the property, these issues become their
responsibility and there will no longer be a landlord to blame for the problems
in the property. Many residents welcome the new responsibility, but need time to
be trained on how to manage it.

   3. Time to Make It Affordable

   The longer time period also helps maintain affordability by enabling a tenant
association to purchase its property and structure the purchase in a manner that
is affordable to its residents. A tenant association can purchase and develop
the property on its own and convert the property to an affordable housing
cooperative or an affordable condominium. The tenant association can then
structure the purchase to keep it affordable. Historically, many tenant
associations purchase their properties and convert them to a cooperative or
condominium pursuant to their rights under TOPA with a loan from DHCD. When
funding a tenant purchase project, DHCD regularly requires not only that the
project be affordable to the residents who live there, but also that the tenant
associations agree to affordability covenants ensuring that the property remains
affordable to low- and moderate-income residents of the property for the
foreseeable future. In my experience, DHCD will lend tenant associations
sufficient money to fund all, or a significant portion of, the entire purchase
price for the tenants. DHCD offers loans with interest rates as low as 2% or
even 0%, with loan terms up to forty-years. These terms, along with the DHCD's
flexibility as a community lender, help tenant associations exercise their TOPA
rights, purchase their properties, and preserve the property's affordability.

   4. Time is Not Always Enough

   Even for those tenant associations who are able to obtain the organizing
assistance from the city's community organizers, obtain legal counsel, secure
funding, and purchase their properties, tenant associations still face
challenges after the purchase of the property. One problem is that tenant
associations might be unable to fully renovate their properties after purchase.
When a tenant association obtains a loan to purchase its property, it generally
obtains the acquisition loan prior to obtaining the construction loan needed for
the renovation of the property. This often occurs because, despite the longer
time frame TOPA provides tenant associations for purchasing a property, tenant
associations often do not have sufficient time to complete the necessary steps
to be able to determine the need for, and to close on, a loan to renovate the
property. To obtain a renovation or construction loan, the tenant association
often needs to hire an architect, contractor, or some other company to review
the property and provide the tenant association with a capital-needs assessment
of the property and an estimate of the cost of repairs. The tenant association
also often needs architect's drawings detailing the renovations to the property.
Lenders also often  [*78]  require at least three bids to be submitted from
general contractors for the property renovation to demonstrate to lenders that
the loan amount requested is sufficient to cover the cost of the renovation. The
tenant association also would need to have determined, by the time of the
request for the construction loan, whether it would maintain the property as a
rental owned and operated by the tenant association or convert the property to a
condominium or cooperative. The TOPA timeframe is generally insufficient to
allow the tenant association to accomplish these tasks. As a result, tenant
associations generally purchase their properties before securing a construction
loan for the renovation of their properties. If the tenant association is unable
to secure a construction loan in a timely manner after purchasing the
property--which occurs on occasion, particularly when the city's funding
decreases from one year to the next--the tenant association could find itself
the unwitting owner of a substandard property with significant repair costs.
n151 This is particularly problematic for tenant associations whose tenants are
primarily low-and moderate-income residents who do not have the income to pay
for these repairs.  n152

   A similar problem exists for tenant associations who purchase their
properties with the intent of converting the property to condominiums and
selling at least some of the condominiums to the existing tenants at a price
that is affordable to those tenants. Even when the tenant association works with
a lender to determine which tenants will qualify for a mortgage and will thus be
able to purchase a unit and remain in the property, low- and moderate-income
tenants often have difficulty obtaining final approval for a condominium
mortgage and run the serious risk of being displaced. Tenants can encounter
problems when the lender's underwriting discovers old, unpaid bills that the
tenant does not have sufficient money to pay and the lender requires them to be
paid prior to funding the mortgage loan. Tenants also experience qualification
problems when the initial qualification is partially dependent on down-payment
assistance from DHCD that is no longer available due to funding constraints that
arose in the time between the initial qualification and the final condominium
mortgage approval. Some tenants are unable to obtain final approval when they do
not provide the documentation and other paperwork their mortgage company might
require to process and approve the loan. The tenant associations in this
instance might now be in the position of having to evict a tenant from the
property being converted to a condominium when that tenant is no longer
qualified for an individual condominium mortgage loan. These experiences
demonstrate that the extended time periods are not always enough to make a
tenant association's TOPA experience a successful one. It can create a fractured
tenant association, as it pits  [*79]  the need of the group to complete the
conversion against the group of residents who are now unable to purchase their
units and remain renters in the property.

   5. Timeframes May Be Biased Against Owners

   TOPA also presents challenges for owners seeking to sell their properties and
for developers seeking to buy. The owners and developers have regularly argued
that the TOPA timeframes are tenant-friendly and are in conflict with the goal
of an efficient transaction.  n153 They argue that the TOPA time periods are
excessive in what should otherwise be a commercial, arms-length transaction.

   There is validity in some of these arguments.  n154 For example, owners can
suffer financially from the length of time tenant associations have to purchase
the property. A non-TOPA sale of a multi-family apartment building (sale of
residential property in other jurisdictions) commonly closes within forty-five
to sixty days after execution of the purchase contract.  n155 The owner is
required to maintain the property and continue to pay the operating and
maintenance expenses, even if the property is operating at a loss.  n156 In a
non-TOPA sale, the owner could minimize this extended period by selling only to
a sophisticated buyer with evidence of financing to minimize the risk that the
property sale will not close. The owner also could charge a surcharge to the
buyer to compensate for any additional time the purchaser needs to complete the
sale beyond the expected forty-five to sixty days of a non-TOPA sale. However,
TOPA owners are expressly prohibited from exercising such protections.  n157
Here, owners are required to offer the tenants the opportunity to purchase and
they cannot require that the tenant association evidence its ability to complete
the sale.  n158 In addition, there are no provisions in TOPA stating that an
owner is allowed to inflate the purchase price to compensate for the additional
expenses the owner incurs during  [*80]  the additional ten months that a tenant
association receives to purchase the property. Owners must bear these costs as
an expense of doing business. Owners are required to recognize and accept these
costs when they choose to purchase residential property in Washington, D.C.

   An owner is also unable to recoup from the tenants the net present value of
estimated income the owner would have received from investing the sales proceeds
from the property if the owner were able to sell the property to a private
investor in the shorter non-TOPA timeframe. As described above, in a non-TOPA
sale, an owner could be required to wait an extra ten months to receive the cash
payment from the sale of the property. The owner is thus prevented from
reinvesting those proceeds in a better performing investment for ten months
while waiting for the TOPA transaction to close. For example, in a falling stock
market, this might not be as much of a loss if the return from the property sale
exceeds the return from the stock market. However, in an appreciating stock
market, the delay prohibits the owner from liquidating his or her real estate
asset and reinvesting those proceeds in a stock market investment that provides
a higher return. This potential investment loss is calculable to some extent and
the owner, in a non-TOPA sale, would likely seek to recoup that loss through a
surcharge or fee for extending the purchase contract beyond the expected
forty-five to sixty days. TOPA does not enable the owner to recoup those
potential losses from the tenant association, forcing the owner once again, to
bear that cost.

   The longer timeframe can also be problematic for owners since owners are
offered no effective recourse if a tenant association contracts to purchase the
property and extends the purchase time frame to the longest time statutorily
allowed by TOPA, yet does not complete the purchase. In a non-regulated sale of
a multi-family property, it is not unusual for a potential purchaser to post an
at-risk deposit as a condition of contracting for the purchase of the property.
If the potential purchaser does not consummate the purchase, it is not unusual
for the potential purchaser to lose at least a portion of the deposit to the
owner. The owner receives compensation in the form of the deposit for the
potential purchaser's failure to fulfill the purchase contract. However, in a
TOPA transaction, the owner has no comparable protection when contracting with a
tenant association.  n159 This is the case despite the longer period of time
that owners are statutorily required to provide the tenants to purchase the
property.

E. Tenants' Right to Assign Purchase Rights

   Another important provision in TOPA gives the tenant association the right to
assign or sell its TOPA rights to "any party, whether private or governmental...
for any consideration which the tenant association, in the tenant association's
sole  [*81]  discretion, finds acceptable."  n160 The assignment or sale of
these rights may occur at any time during the process and may be structured in
any way the tenant association finds acceptable.  n161 This means that not only
does the actual property purchase have value, but also the tenant association's
right to buy the property has value. Any entity seeking to buy that property
from the owner must now negotiate with the tenant association for the assignment
or sale of the tenant association's right to purchase.

   Other than the express right to buy, this provision may be the most powerful
provision in TOPA. This provision enables the tenant association to remain an
active participant in the sale of the property, even if the tenant association
does not purchase the property. Organizing and successfully purchasing a
multi-family apartment building is an incredibly difficult task that is made
even more difficult when it is attempted by a group of renters who are
inexperienced in the purchase of real estate. With this provision, even if the
tenants choose not to purchase their property, or even if they attempt to
purchase and fail, they are still able to retain some measure of control over
the future of the property and are not simply bystanders with no voice in the
process.

   It is important to note that not all tenants whose buildings are offered for
sale are ready to be owners and might want, and should have the right, to remain
as renters. TOPA gives tenants the right to not only remain as renters,  n162
but also gives them the ability to choose their own landlord. In this instance,
when the tenants receive their "Notice of Offer" and they have formed a tenant
association, the tenant association then has the statutory right to enter into a
purchase contract with the owner.  n163 Because TOPA gives the tenant
associations the express option to assign this right, the tenant association can
do so with any prospective buyer that it chooses. The tenant association then
has the ability to prevent the owner from selling the property to a known
slumlord or from selling the property to a developer who has a history or
reputation of aggressively pursuing rent increases.

   In addition, because TOPA enables the tenant association to assign its TOPA
rights to any party it selects, tenants can select a buyer who will operate, and
potentially renovate, the property in a manner of the tenant association's
choosing. For example, the tenants can select a buyer who will contract to
provide additional security measures, on-site management, roof repairs, or even
rent reductions for existing tenants. In this manner, tenants can obtain those
items of importance by having a statutorily protected voice in the bargaining
process.

    [*82]  1. TOPA Offers Tenant Bargaining Rights and Engagement

   In a non-TOPA real estate transaction, the purchase and sale of a residential
property are primarily between the owner and buyer of the property; the tenants
are not commonly involved in the transaction. This has the unfortunate side
effect of leaving tenants subject to the market forces in which they commonly
have no voice. However, as stated above, in a TOPA sale, a tenant association
has the statutorily guaranteed opportunity to participate in the sale of the
property. As a result, many prospective purchasers seek to negotiate directly
with the tenant association to determine whether the tenant association will
exercise its TOPA rights and whether the tenant association is inclined to
assign its purchase rights to a new owner in exchange for amenities or other
considerations of importance to the tenants.  n164 This gives tenants a powerful
position in negotiations in a transaction that, without TOPA, would most likely
exclude them from participation.

   One of the criticisms of some community development and urban renewal
projects is the lack of resident participation.  n165 TOPA facilitates resident
participation, which often means that the residents are able to influence, if
not determine, the development of their community. TOPA facilitates resident
participation in properties undertaking the TOPA process by requiring that the
tenant association demonstrate to the city, when registering its interest in
purchasing, that the tenant association represents at least a majority of the
occupied rental units in the property as of the time of registration.  n166
Tenant associations frequently accomplish this by providing a page of signatures
of residents participating in the tenant association. While affixing a signature
to the interest page does not signal in depth resident participation, it does
suggest that the signors know enough about TOPA and the process to be willing to
provide their signature. TOPA resident participation is also accomplished when
corporate decisions must be made and a majority vote is required. Tenant
associations often hold meetings and distribute surveys to residents to gauge
resident interest and to obtain tenant approval for the direction of the TOPA
project. Requiring a majority vote encourages residents to be engaged in at
least the major decisions of the TOPA process. TOPA enables resident engagement
and encourages residents, as decision makers, to be responsible for their
decisions.

   This provision of TOPA also helps to create homeownership for low-income
tenants. As mentioned above, this TOPA provision enables a tenant association to
[*83]  assign or sell its TOPA rights to "any party, whether private or
governmental... for any consideration which the tenant association, in the
tenant association's sole discretion, finds acceptable."  n167 The exercise,
assignment, or sale of these rights may occur at any time during the process and
may be structured in any way the tenant association finds acceptable.  n168
Tenant associations may, and often do, choose to sell their TOPA rights for
direct cash payments to tenants. In practice, many prospective buyers seeking to
purchase a multi-family property--which a tenant association has already secured
its right to purchase--will offer financial incentives to the tenant association
for agreeing to rent increases or for vacating the property. It is not uncommon
for tenants in a TOPA transaction to be offered a lump-sum payment of many
thousands of dollars  n169 if tenants agree to vacate their units, which, under
the law, is a potentially easier way to increase the rent on the vacated units.
n170 In addition, during the real estate boom of the 1990s, it was quite common
for developers to offer tenants lump-sum payments to vacate an entire building
to enable the developer to convert the property from a rental property to a
condominium without requiring the owner to submit the conversion of the property
to a vote of the tenants.  n171 Tenants can use such lump-sum payments to invest
in a new condominium in another building, helping the tenant to become a
homeowner.  n172 Such payments also give tenants the option of relocating to a
more preferable location, such as a neighborhood that does not have the same
concentration of poverty as the tenants' current neighborhood.  n173

   This provision also accomplishes another of TOPA's stated goals--preserving
affordable housing.  n174 TOPA, by itself, does not make housing affordable.
TOPA  [*84]  does not require properties sold or offered for sale to be
affordable to the residents seeking to purchase them. Nor does TOPA require the
owner to reduce the price when purchased by a tenant association comprised of
low- or moderate-income residents. However, TOPA does enable the tenant
association to structure the assignment of its purchase rights in a manner that
preserves affordability. Recall that under TOPA, a tenant association has the
right to assign its TOPA right to purchase to any party, whether private or
governmental, for any consideration that the tenant association finds
acceptable.  n175 Under this provision, a tenant association can assign its TOPA
rights to a condominium developer with an agreement that the developer will buy
the property, convert it to condominiums, and sell a portion of the condominium
units to tenants at a price that is significantly below market and affordable to
the tenants.  n176

   An additional benefit of TOPA is that it removes blight from many low- and
moderate-income neighborhoods. Many of the TOPA transactions with which I have
worked involved properties with significant building code violations and safety
problems. Communities with significant blight often suffer troubling criminal
problems.  n177 It is to a community's and a city's benefit to work to minimize
blight. TOPA enables the tenant association to negotiate directly with a
potential buyer for the sale or assignment of the tenant association's TOPA
rights. A tenant association representing tenants who choose to stay in the
property as renters can negotiate with a potential owner for property
renovations. The city then gains an upgraded property, often with a higher
assessed value, which will increase the property taxes paid to the city.  n178
For the community, a blighted building will now be renovated, which might
increase the neighboring property values.

   2. Drawbacks to Tenant Association Assignment of Purchasing Rights

   There are a few challenges with this provision. First, tenant associations
who assign their rights to purchase their property to a condominium developer in
[*85]  exchange for tenants' rights to purchase individual units at below-market
prices can unintentionally displace their residents. Some residents discover too
late in the process that they are not able to qualify for an individual mortgage
sufficient to purchase their units. Residents might lose their jobs, expand
their families, experience an emergency that depletes the savings to be used for
a down payment, or simply change their mind. However, after the tenant
association assigns its TOPA rights to a third party and that third party
obtains approval to convert the property to a condominium or cooperative,  n179
the tenants have lost their right to remain in their unit and must vacate.  n180

   This TOPA provision allowing tenant associations to negotiate cash payments
from owners undermines TOPA's goal of preserving affordable housing or avoiding
displacement of residents since those residents receiving cash payments are
vacating the property without any rent protections and without securing any
rights of returning as a homeowner. Tenants may leave the TOPA property to
relocate to a new property. However, the new property is likely to charge a
higher rent, the cost of which will exhaust the cash payment, negating any
long-term financial benefit of the cash payment. There is a valid concern about
this, particularly for lower income tenants who, might, after the cash payment
is exhausted, become financially dependent on federal or state entitlement
programs. This last argument seems a bit speculative. Even if the resident were
to remain in the property with or without TOPA rights, that resident might still
suffer financially. The right to negotiate for cash payments provides tenants
the chance to improve their finances and affords them some measure of control
over their next steps.

   Another potential issue is that the cash payments provide only short-term
financial relief to tenants since tenants often receive these funds without any
financial counseling on investment or savings, or guidance on a long-term
strategy to manage this new influx of funds. It is possible that tenants might
squander the funds on items that provide no long-term benefits. The argument
that tenants need financial counseling when receiving lump-sum payments is often
applied to low-income tenants and might be well-intentioned, but seems somewhat
paternalistic. Individuals, rich or poor, should have similar rights to
determine how best to spend their money, including whether to invest it wisely
or not.

   This provision of TOPA also contributes to the displacement of low- and
moderate-income tenants. During the real estate boom, in areas of the city with
increasing real estate values, many developers sought to convert rental
properties  [*86]  to condominiums.  n181 If a building was vacant, a developer
was not required to have a tenant vote on the conversion. To accomplish this,
developers would either force residents out of the properties or would offer
lump-sum payments to tenants who agreed to vacate the property.  n182 Those
properties were then converted into condominiums and sold at market-rate prices.
While this helped to remove blight, provided potential down payment assistance
to the vacating tenants, and increased the assessed value of the property for
the city, the buying spree during the real estate boom displaced a number of
tenants whose tenant associations agreed to a lump-sum payment in exchange for
assigning the tenant association's TOPA rights.  n183 The conversion of these
properties eliminated those units as either affordable rental or affordable
condominiums, thereby reducing the city's stock of affordable housing that TOPA
was drafted to protect.

F. TOPA May Perpetuate Poverty

   A number of authors argue persuasively that a successful affordable housing
model should not perpetuate the concentration of poverty, which is what occurs
when a group of low-income residents work together to purchase their property
and preserve it as low-income, affordable housing.  n184 In fact, some argue
that housing policy should promote moving residents from low-income
neighborhoods to more mixed-income neighborhoods as a means of reducing
concentrations of poverty instead of encouraging residents to stay in areas of
concentrated poverty.  n185 TOPA's provisions are vulnerable to these arguments
because, in some ways, they perpetuate the concentration of poverty. For
example, there are instances in which a property with low-income residents in a
crime-ridden and impoverished neighborhood is available for sale to the
residents. In such a situation, while tenants might reap some of the rewards of
home ownership, they would still own property in a neighborhood wrought with the
pathologies common to impoverished neighborhoods.  n186

    [*87]  III. TOPA AFTER THIRTY YEARS

   After over thirty years of TOPA, the question remains--does TOPA produce
homeownership for Washington, D.C. residents? There are many arguments that
favor promoting homeownership in general,  n187 as well as arguments that
advocate for homeownership for low- and moderate-income buyers.  n188 There are
also legitimate arguments against promoting affordable homeownership for low-and
moderate-income residents.  n189 Yet, despite some of the challenges of
homeownership that weigh more on low-income buyers than upper-income buyers,
n190 purchasing a home, when performed with planning, savings, and proper
budgeting, is still a viable long-term investment for low-and moderate-income
residents.  n191

   Homeownership projects under TOPA are generally either condominiums or
cooperatives. TOPA condominium homeownership generally occurs when either  [*88]
(i) a tenant association exercises its TOPA rights, buys the property directly,
and acts as a developer to convert the property to a condominium, or (ii) a
tenant association exercises its TOPA rights and assigns those rights to a
developer who then converts the property to a condominium. Generally, when a
TOPA property is converted into a cooperative, a tenant association exercises
its TOPA rights, purchases the property directly, and acts as their own
developer to convert the property into a cooperative.  n192

   TOPA opportunities from 2007 to 2009 demonstrate that TOPA is accomplishing
its goal of creating homeownership for Washington, D.C. residents.  n193 During
that time, "Notices of Offers" were sent to tenants in three hundred properties
in Washington, D.C.  n194 Of those three hundred "Notices of Offers," almost 30%
took the initiative to organize a tenant group, form a tenant association, and
file their interest in purchasing with the city.  n195 In 2008 alone, almost 40%
of the tenant groups given the opportunity to purchase registered their interest
in purchasing.  n196 From 2007 to 2009, of the one-hundred-eighty-three
condominium developments formed in Washington, D.C., twenty-four were formed as
a result of TOPA.  n197 During that same period, seven cooperatives were formed
as a result of TOPA as well, totaling thirty-one homeownership developments as a
result of TOPA.  n198 To provide perspective, from 2001 to 2009, William C.
Smith, the most active private developer in Washington, D.C., had twenty-seven
projects  [*89]  completed, in construction, or in the pipeline.  n199

   TOPA has not been an absolute cure for the affordable housing needs in
Washington, D.C. Even after thirty years of TOPA, Washington, D.C. still faces a
shortage of affordable housing. This is particularly problematic for low-income
residents in a city such as Washington, D.C., which has a significant income
gap. Overall, the population in Washington, D.C. is highly educated and wealthy,
n200 which has contributed to its high cost of housing. But Washington, D.C.
also has a sizable population of very poor people: over 18% of individuals in
Washington, D.C. live below the federal poverty level, compared to only 14%
nationwide.  n201 Washington, D.C. has such a high percentage of its population
in need of affordable housing. However, with so many wealthy residents in the
city skewing the cost of housing higher, affordable housing remains further out
of reach for those most in need.

   Even more troubling than the affordability of housing is the sheer
availability of housing. When TOPA was passed in 1980, Washington, D.C. had a
vacancy rate of less than 5%.  n202 By comparison, in 2010, Washington, D.C. had
a total of 293,000 housing units with a 6.5% vacancy rate for rental housing and
an even lower 3.2% vacancy rate for ownership housing.  n203 While the vacancy
rate has slightly improved for rental housing, finding vacant, habitable
ownership housing in Washington, D.C. remains very difficult.

   For residents who found housing, the costs have been burdensome. In
Washington, D.C., an estimated 40% of households pay more than 30% of their
annual incomes for housing,  n204 significantly more than is recommended.  n205
Almost half of renters pay more than 30% of their income towards rent.  n206 A
similar burden exists for homeowners. Approximately 32% of homeowners pay more
than 30% of their income towards housing costs.  n207

    [*90]  IV. RECOMMENDATIONS FOR IMPROVEMENT

A. Technical Assistance is Needed

   One of the challenges for tenant associations is access to technical
assistance providers: including attorneys, community organizers, and development
consultants. The right to purchase the property really only has meaning if
tenant associations have technical assistance to help them navigate their rights
and obligations under TOPA. Tenant associations can suffer from rival factions,
particularly when there is significant diversity of income in the property.
Higher income residents might favor condominium conversion, while lower income
residents--concerned about their ability to qualify for an individual
mortgage--might favor assigning their rights to a developer for a cash payment
or rent stabilization. If the residents are unable to bridge the divide of their
factions, they have a much more difficult time successfully navigating TOPA.
Tenant associations also suffer from a lack of capacity. Some tenant groups, as
a collective, do not have the leadership, time, and willingness to do the work
needed to exercise their TOPA rights. There is no easy way to determine early
which tenant groups have the capacity and which do not. It is important to have
trained technical assistance providers available to help tenant associations
navigate these issues.

   Tenant associations also must have an infrastructure that shepherds them
through the TOPA process. Washington, D.C. has a fairly well-established
infrastructure for assisting tenant associations in navigating this process.
This infrastructure includes community organizers, technical assistance
providers, attorneys, development consultants, and lenders.

   In addition, if tenants choose to purchase their properties, they need
regular training before and after the purchase of their properties to help
educate them about their different options and help them make informed
decisions. This training can be provided by non-profits in the area, although
such non-profits would need to be funded by the city or foundations.

B. Funding is Critical

   While TOPA has produced some homeownership  n208 and allowed tenants to
participate in the ownership of their properties, there are still challenges to
creating a successful TOPA project. One of the major challenges for tenant
associations seeking to purchase their properties is funding. It is vital that
tenant associations have access to lenders who will provide earnest money
deposits  [*91]  required by TOPA  n209 and loans to purchase the properties.
Even if a tenant association does not purchase the property, the possibility
that it might purchase a property provides it negotiating credibility with the
owner or a third party developer.

   The fluctuation in DHCD funding has significantly decreased its ability to
provide loans for TOPA projects recently.  n210 If TOPA is going to remain a
successful housing program, TOPA projects should have a dedicated source of
funding that is not subject to variations in the market--a source of funding on
which tenants and their technical advisers can rely to determine a project's
feasibility and likelihood of success. Further, to enable tenants to better
evaluate whether they are able to purchase the property or to determine whether
they would be better served by assigning their TOPA rights, tenants need
pre-development funding to evaluate the project's feasibility.

C. Require an Appraisal with a Notice of Offer without a Third Party Contract

   As previously mentioned, an owner can offer a property for sale to a tenant
association without a third party contract. In this instance, it can be
difficult for a tenant association, in the short timeframe from when the tenant
association receives a "Notice of Offer" to when the tenant association must
finalize a purchase contract with an owner, to acquire the resources necessary
to obtain an appraisal of a property. Tenant rights to purchase would be better
protected if owners were required to obtain, and submit with the "Notice of
Offer," an appraisal of the property before offering tenants the right to
purchase.

   TOPA offers some price protection to tenants who receive a "Notice of Offer"
without a matching third-party contract. If an owner sells, or contracts to
sell, the property to a third party buyer for a price that is more than 10%
lower than the price offered to the tenants, the tenants' TOPA rights begin
anew.  n211 While helpful, this is a retroactive protection offered to the
tenants. Tenants, particularly low- and moderate-income tenants, frequently do
not have the financial resources to exercise their TOPA rights a second or third
time simply because the owner's sales price was above market value. When tenants
exercise their TOPA rights, they need to hire legal counsel, form a corporate
entity to function as the tenant association, and organize the residents in the
building, all of which requires funding. Requiring an appraisal to be submitted
with the "Notice of Offer" can protect tenants from these unnecessary expenses.

   If owners were required to submit an appraisal of the property with the
"Notice of Offer," tenant associations would have an objective basis for
evaluating an offer to purchase. In fact, in an earlier draft of TOPA, owners
were prohibited from requiring tenants to agree to a price higher than the
property's appraised  [*92]  value.  n212 Reinstating this provision could help
tenants and owners provide objectivity to the TOPA process and eliminate the
uncertainty tenants currently experience when there is no objective means of
evaluating the price offered in a Notice of Offer.  n213

   VI. CONCLUSION

   There remains the underlying question of whether TOPA has been successful as
an affordable housing program. An easy answer is simply to gauge how many
affordable housing units were created. However, simply producing affordable
housing units, without considering a wider range of factors, falls short of
being successful.  n214 A successful housing program is one that promotes
economic security for the population it is designed to benefit.  n215 Effective
housing policy cannot focus only on providing shelter, but must also provide
residents with access to "quality education, transportation, job opportunities,
and counseling."  n216 To have a successful affordable housing program, the
redevelopment must also redevelop the community. It must include not only
housing, but also other amenities including schools, retail and commercial
amenities, parks and recreation space, transportation access, physical security,
and community building.  n217 A successful affordable housing program must be
part of a comprehensive community development, which includes commercial
development, job creation, school improvement, public services, and crime
control.  n218

   TOPA's success is not seen only in the number of homeownership units it
produces, but TOPA is also successful because it has enabled low- and
moderate-income residents to remain in communities experiencing such
redevelopment. For example, one of the communities devastated by the riots in
[*93]  Washington, D.C., the commercial corridor at U and 14th Streets, NW,
experienced intense redevelopment during the real estate boom of the 2000s. One
of the properties sold in 2001, known as Capital Manor, is located in this
corridor.  n219 The neighborhood was quickly gentrifying and the low-and
moderate-income residents who resided in the property were concerned about being
displaced from the neighborhood experiencing the comprehensive redevelopment
described above as evidence of a successful affordable housing program.  n220
Without TOPA, those residents would not have the right to purchase their
property and participate in this redevelopment. However, with hard work, funding
from DHCD, and, due in no small part to the work of their advisers--including
the Georgetown University Law Center legal clinic where I worked as a TOPA
attorney--the tenants purchased their property, converted the property to a
limited equity cooperative, and preserved the property as affordable housing.
n221 TOPA not only provided affordable homeownership units, but also preserved
affordable housing as part of comprehensive community development. Other
jurisdictions should consider providing tenants, particularly tenants of
multi-family properties, with the statutory right to purchase as a means of
producing more affordable homeownership and preserving affordable housing in
rapidly developing areas.

   And, if you are wondering, that sweet gentleman who, at ninety-years old,
thought he would die without ever owning property bought his condominium at
ninety-two, undoubtedly becoming one of the oldest first-time homebuyers in
Washington, D.C. That was a really good day. He is a TOPA fan now, too.

Legal Topics:

For related research and practice materials, see the following legal topics:
Civil Rights LawVoting RightsVoting Rights ActInterferenceCriminal Law &
ProcedureCriminal OffensesMiscellaneous OffensesRiot, Rout & Unlawful
AssemblyGeneral OverviewGovernmentsLocal GovernmentsFinance

FOOTNOTES:





n1  TERRI ANN LOWENTHAL, AMERICAN COMMUNITY SURVEY: EVALUATING ACCURACY 9
(2006), available at www.aecf.org/upload/publicationfiles/da3622hl266.pdf
(indicating a need for affordable housing).





n2  D.C. CODE § 42-2802 (2001) (establishing the Housing Production Trust Fund
as a permanent revolving special revenue fund separate from the city's general
fund that provides assistance in affordable housing production for targeted
populations).





n3  D.C. CODE § 42-2601 (2001) (establishing the Home Purchase Assistance
Program, which provides, among other things, down payment and closing cost
assistance to low- and moderate-income persons purchasing a home in Washington,
D.C.).





n4  D.C. CODE § 42-2101 (2001) (establishing the Homestead Housing Preservation
Act, which creates a program where title to property acquired by the city may be
transferred to approved organizations to return blighted, vacant, and neglected
properties to productive use).





n5  D.C. CODE § 42-2503 (2001) (establishing the Government Employer Assisted
Housing Program, which assists Washington, D.C. government employees in becoming
homeowners in the city).





n6  D.C. CODE § 6-1041.01 (2001) (establishing the Inclusionary Zoning Program,
which incentivizes private developers to create more affordable housing units).





n7  COAL, FOR NONPROFIT HOUS. & ECON. DEV., A DECADE OF PROGRESS: INVESTING IN
LIVES AND NEIGHBORHOODS THROUGH THE HOUSING PRODUCTION TRUST FUND 2 (2012),
available at
http://www.cnhed.org/download/123321_U127242_750894/CNHED%20Housing%20Production
%20Trust%20Fund%20Report.pdf.





n8  D.C. CODE §§ 42-3401-42-3405.13 (2001).





n9  D.C. CODE § 42-3401.02 (2001).





n10  Id.





n11  Id.





n12  D.C. CODE § 42-3404.06 (2001).





n13  See JOHN A. HANNAH ET AL., CIVIL RIGHTS U.S.A: HOUSING IN WASHINGTON, D.C.
6 n.10 (U.S. Comm'n on Civil Rights ed., 1962) (citing hearings in Washington,
D.C., before the U.S. Commission on Civil Rights).





n14  In Motion: The African-American Migration Experience, SCHOMBURG CENTER FOR
RES. IN BLACK CULTURE,
http://www.inmotionaame.org/migrations/topic.cfm?migration=9&topic=5 (last
visited June 13, 2012) (labeling the movement to the North from 1940 to 1970 as
the "Second Great Migration").





n15  George Grier & Eunice Grier, Obstacles to Desegregation in America's Urban
Areas, 6 RACE & CLASS 3, 9-10 (1964).





n16  HERBERT R. NORTHRUP ET AL., NEGRO EMPLOYMENT IN SOUTHERN INDUSTRY: A STUDY
OF RACIAL POLICIES IN FIVE INDUSTRIES 25 (1970); see ACLU, VOTING RIGHTS ACT
TIMELINE 2 (2005), available at
http://www.aclu.org/files/assets/voting_rights_act_timeline20111222.pdf (stating
that in 1940, only 3% of eligible African-Americans in the South were registered
to vote); GEORGE GROH, THE BLACK MIGRATION: THE JOURNEY TO URBAN AMERICA 25
(1972).





n17  Vanessa Siddle Walker, African American Teaching in the South: 1940-1960,
38 AM. EDUC. RES. J. 751, 755-56 (2001); see GROH, supra note 16, at 26-27
(1972).





n18  Stephanie P. Browner, Lynchings, by Year and Race, 1882-1968, CHARLES
CHESTNUTT DIGITAL ARCHIVE,
http://www.chesnuttarchive.org/classroom/lynching_table_year.html (last visited
July 24, 2012) (showing 160 documented lynchings of African-Americans from 1930
to 1949).





n19  GROH, supra note 16, at 15-16, 34-38.





n20  Id. at 9.





n21  Table 23: District of Columbia--Race and Hispanic Origin: 1800 to 1990,
U.S. CENSUS BUREAU (Sept. 13, 2002),
http://www.census.gov/population/www/documentation/twps0056/tab23.pdf (noting
that some of the population increase was natural growth from births).





n22  Id.





n23  HANNAH ET AL., supra note 13, at 41-42 tbls.II(b)-(c).





n24  Id. at 43 tbl.IV.





n25  Id. at 32.





n26  Id. at 42 tbl.III.





n27  U.S. Census Bureau, supra note 21.





n28  EUNICE S. GRIER, UNDERSTANDING WASHINGTON'S CHANGING POPULATION 10-12
(1961).





n29  Id. at 9.





n30  Id.





n31  Id. at 15 (displaying concentrations in three particular areas: (i) the
Shaw/LeDroit Park/Howard University area; (ii) the Deanwood area; and (iii) the
Southwest Waterfront area surrounding South Capitol Street).





n32  Id. at 9.





n33  Id. at 17 (showing that the expansion was concentrated in three particular
areas: (i) eastward from North Capitol Street to the Anacostia River, bounded by
East Capitol Street on the south and New York Avenue on the north; (ii) the
northwest area bounded by Rock Creek Park on the west and North Capitol Street
on the east and extending from Park Road to the DC/MD line; and (iii) northeast
from North Capitol Street to the DC/MD line, bounded by Michigan Avenue on the
west and Rhode Island Avenue on the east).





n34  See Grier & Grier, supra note 15, at 13-14.





n35  See HANNAH ET AL., supra note 13, at 5-9, 31.





n36  BEN W. GILBERT, TEN BLOCKS FROM THE WHITE HOUSE: ANATOMY OF THE WASHINGTON
RIOTS OF 1968, at 5 (1968).





n37  See JAMES BORCHERT, ALLEY LIFE IN WASHINGTON: FAMILY, COMMUNITY, RELIGION,
AND FOLKLIFE IN THE CITY, 1850-1970, at 2-4 (1980).





n38  See Corinna Barrett Lain, Countermajoritarian Hero or Zero? Rethinking the
Warren Court's Role in the Criminal Procedure Revolution, 152 U. PA. L. REV.
1361, 1428-29 (2004).





n39  U.S. RIOT COMM'N, REPORT OF THE NATIONAL ADVISORY COMMISSION ON CIVIL
DISORDERS 6 (1968).





n40  Id. at 7, 9.





n41  Id. at 6.





n42  THOMAS BYRNE EDSALL & MARY D. EDSALL, CHAIN REACTION: THE IMPACT OF RACE,
RIGHTS, AND TAXES ON AMERICAN POLITICS 51 (1991).





n43  Dana Lanier Schaffer, The 1968 Washington Riots in History and Memory, 15
WASH. HIST. 4, 4, 6 (2003).





n44  See A City in Turmoil, WASH. POST (Apr. 8, 2008),
http://www.washingtonpost.com/wp-srv/metro/specials/mlk40/map/.





n45  Id.





n46  GILBERT, supra note 36, at 13.





n47  Id. at 14.





n48  Dan Levin, Lights Return to 'Black Broadway'in Northwest Washington, D.C.,
N.Y. TIMES (Sep. 10, 2006),
http://travel.nytimes.com/2006/09/10/travel/10surfacing.html?_r=1&.





n49  GILBERT, supra note 36, at 16.





n50  Ian F. Haney L[#xF3]pez, "A Nation of Minorities": Race, Ethnicity, and
Reactionary Colorblindness, 59 STAN. L. REV. 985, 1005 (2007).





n51  GILBERT, supra note 36, at 10.





n52  Id. at 16-17.





n53  Id. at 23.





n54  Id. at 29.





n55  Id. at 79.





n56  Id. at 81.





n57  Id. at 85.





n58  Id. at 87.





n59  Id. at 119.





n60  Id. at 224.





n61  Id. at 119. Note that, according to the Federal Bank of Minneapolis
website, $ 27 million in 1968 is approximately $ 180 million in 2012 U.S.
dollars. See What is a Dollar Worth?, FED. RES. BANK OF MINNEAPOLIS,
http://www.minneapolisfed.org/ (last visited Oct. 20, 2012).





n62  GILBERT, supra note 36, at 178.





n63  Neely Tucker, Wreckage of a Dream, WASH. POST, Aug. 24, 2004, at Bl,
available at
http://www.washingtonpost.com/wp-dyn/articles/A27044-2004Aug23.html.





n64  GILBERT, supra note 36, at 178.





n65  Id. at 213.





n66  Id. at 217.





n67  Tucker, supra note 63, at B2. The suburbanization of the city, along with
the construction of a bridge on H Street, NE, also prevented the return of the
neighborhood's prosperity. The city is currently constructing a light-rail
system in this corridor, which is now, finally, seeing resurgence.





n68  Id.





n69  A City in Turmoil, supra note 44.





n70  Rental Housing Conversion and Sale: Hearing on H. Con. Res. 420 and Council
Act 3-204 Before the Comm. on the District of Columbia, 96th Cong. 60 (1980)
[hereinafter Rental Housing Hearing] (statement of Willie Hardy, Chairwoman,
Comm. on Hous. and Econ. Dev.) ("The rapid increase in the rate of condominium
and cooperative conversion has created an emergency in the rental housing
supply.").





n71  Rental Housing Hearing, supra note 70, at 168 (statement of John A. Wilson,
Council Member, Council of the District of Columbia).





n72  Rental Housing Hearing, supra note 70, at 60 (statement of Marion Barry,
Jr., Mayor, District of Columbia).





n73  Hous. & Household Econ. Statistics Div., Historical Census of Housing
Tables, U.S. CENSUS BUREAU, http://www.census.gov/hhes/www/housing
/census/historic/owner.html (last revised Oct. 31, 2011).





n74  Id.; see also Rental Housing Hearing, supra note 70, at 60 (statement of
Marion Barry, Jr., Mayor, District of Columbia).





n75  Rental Housing Hearing, supra note 70, at 60 (statement of Willie Hardy,
Chairwoman, Comm. on Hous. and Econ. Dev.) ("The poor and the elderly are most
affected by conversion because they are least able to purchase their unit once
converted and are least able to compete in a rental market which is rapidly
increasing in price, while decreasing in available units.").





n76  Rental Housing Hearing, supra note 70, at 4 (staff memorandum of Rep.
Charlie Wilson).





n77  Id. at 60 (statement of Marion Barry, Jr., Mayor, District of Columbia);
see also id. (letter from Kenneth J. Luches, President of Washington Board of
Realtors).





n78  Id. at 4 (staff memorandum of Rep. Charlie Wilson).





n79  Id.





n80  Id.





n81  Id. at 147 (statement of Marion Barry, Jr., Mayor, District of Columbia).





n82  Id. at 4 (staff memorandum of Rep. Charlie Wilson).





n83  Ward Profiles, NEIGHBORHOOD INFO DC,
http://www.neighborhoodinfodc.org/wards/wards.html (last visited June 13, 2012)
(providing income profiles for each of the eight wards in Washington, D.C.).





n84  D.C. DEP'T OF HOUS. & CMTY. DEV., 1974-1979 CONDO LOG (1980) [hereinafter
CONDO LOG].





n85  Rental Housing Hearing, supra note 70, at 147 (statement of Marion Barry,
Jr., Mayor, District of Columbia).





n86  Id.





n87  Id.





n88  Id.





n89  Id.





n90  Id.





n91  Id.





n92  Rental Housing Hearing, supra note 70, at 59.





n93  Id.





n94  Id.





n95  Id.





n96  D.C. CODE § 1-201 (2001).





n97  Rental Housing Hearing, supra note 70, at 1-2.





n98  Id. at 134 (statement of Rep. Charles Wilson).





n99  Id. at 129.





n100  Id. at 108 (memorandum of Robert Moore, Director, District of Columbia
Department of Housing & Community Development) ("The tenant right to purchase is
one of the most important factors in any city policy to control displacement.
Our focus must be on insuring that tenants have the tools and resources to move
quickly through the steps of purchasing their building."); see also Rental
Housing Hearing, supra note 70, at 63 ("[TOPA] continues the policy of the
Council of preventing displacement by giving the tenants an opportunity to
purchase their homes.").





n101  Id. at 61; see id. at 60 (internal quotation marks omitted) ("A limited
supply of housing on the free market is like an auction. When different economic
capabilities are competing for the same unit, the lesser economic capability
will lose it if the unit is or can become desirable to the stronger economic
capability. The District stock is basically sound--the great bulk of it can
become desirable housing. When housing is bid up as a result of the preferences
and economic capability of the baby boom, it goes well beyond the economic range
of those who live in it when it was not desirable by the economically more
capable. The former residents are displaced as shelter is bid out of their
economic range. In order to remain in the District those who are displaced must
find shelter in the decreasing number of units that the economically more
capable do not find desirable, or they must pool in order to be able to afford
housing in the District. The result will be two economic pools which are in
direct competition with each other. One pool will be the upwardly mobile
professional young adults from the baby boom and the other will be the
economically threatened lower income pool that will find it more and more
difficult to stay in the District.").





n102  Rental Housing Hearing, supra note 70, at 95; D.C. CODE §§
42-3401-42-3405.13 (2001).





n103  D.C. CODE § 42-3401.02(1) (2001).





n104  Id.





n105  Id. § 42-3401.02(2).





n106  Id. § 42-3401.02(3).





n107  Id. § 42-3401.02 (6a).





n108  Id. §§ 42-3402.02-3403.01.





n109  Id. §§ 42-3402.02-42-3403.01.





n110  Id. § 42-3404.02.





n111  This Article is about tenants' right to purchase a property being sold by
the owner and thus focuses on this portion of TOPA.





n112  D.C. CODE § 42-3401.03(11) (2001) (defining "housing accommodation" as "a
structure in the District of Columbia containing one or more rental units and
the appurtenant land. The term does not include a hotel, motel, or other
structure used primarily for transient occupancy and in which at least 60% of
the rooms devoted to living quarters for tenants or guests are used for
transient occupancy if the owner or other person or entity entitled to receive
rents is subject to the sales tax imposed by § 47-2001(n)(1)(C) and the occupant
of the rental unit has been in occupancy for less than 15 days").





n113  Id.; see 1618 Twenty-First St. Tenants' Ass'n. v. Phillips Collection, 829
A.2d 201, 206 (D.C. 2003) (defining "bona fide offer of sale" as requiring an
objectively good faith, honest offer of sale).





n114  D.C. CODE § 42-3404.03 (2001); see D.C. DEP'T OF HOUS. & CMTY. DEV.,
INSTRUCTIONS FOR PREPARING AND ISSUING AN OFFER OF SALE WITH A THIRD PARTY SALE
CONTRACT FOR FIVE (5) OR MORE RENTAL UNIT HOUSING ACCOMMODATIONS 1 (2010),
available at
http://dhcd.dc.gov/sites/default/files/dc/sites/dhcd/publication/attachments/OFS
5orMoreFormAWithContract.pdf (providing a copy of a "Notice of Offer").





n115  D.C. CODE § 42-3403.03 (2001).





n116  Id. § 42-3404.05(a)(1).





n117  Latimore v. Citibank Fed. Sav. Bank, 151 F.3d 712, 713 (1998).





n118  D.C. CODE §§ 42-3404.08, 42-3404.02 (2001).





n119  Id. § 42-3404.03.





n120  The tenants' opportunity to purchase receives essentially the same
statutory protection under TOPA regardless of the number of units in a
residential property. The primary difference is the length of time that tenants
have to meet certain statutory deadlines to preserve the tenants' opportunity to
purchase.





n121  There is significant need for legal assistance to tenants seeking to
purchase their properties. I, however, exclusively represented tenant
associations in properties with five or more units. There were more public
subsidies available for tenant associations in five or more unit properties,
which increased the tenants association's likelihood of being able to afford to
purchase their property and improved the chances of a successful TOPA project.
As an affordable housing advocate, five or more unit properties also enabled me
to preserve affordable housing on a larger scale.





n122  D.C. CODE § 42-3404.11(1) (2001).





n123  Id.





n124  Id.





n125  Paul R. Tremblay, Counseling Community Groups, 17 CLINICAL L. REV. 389,
433-34 (2010).





n126  Tenant associations are commonly non-profit entities, though they
generally do not seek 501(c)(3) status.





n127  D.C. CODE §§ 29-402.01, 29-402.03, 42-3404.11(1) (2001).





n128  See Edgar S. Cahn, Law and Justice: Co-Production as the New Imperative,
1997 ANN. SURV. AM. L. 747, 752 (1997) (describing Manna, an affordable housing
developer in Washington, D.C., as a community development corporation).





n129  D.C. CODE § 42-3404.03 (2001); see Housing Counseling, D.C. DEP'T OF HOUS.
& CMTY. DEV. (Oct. 16, 2012), http://dhcd.dc.gov/service/housing-counseling.





n130  Brian D. McKenzie, The Effects of Bonding Social Capital: A Closer Look at
Black Civil Society Institutions in America, 30 POL. BEHAV. 25, 27 (2008)
(arguing that the common experiences of dealing with inequality in black society
encourages African-Americans to work for the advancement of the whole group).





n131  See generally Tremblay, supra note 125, at 389; Michael Diamond & Aaron
O'Toole, Leaders, Followers, and Free Riders: The Community Lawyer's Dilemma
When Representing Non-Democratic Client Organizations, 31 FORDHAM URB. L.J. 481
(2004).





n132  D.C. RULES OF PROF. CONDUCT, Rule 1.13(a) (2012) ("A lawyer employed or
retained by an organization represents the organization acting through its duly
authorized constituents."); see also id. at Rule 1.13(c) ("In dealing with an
organization's directors, officers, employees, members, shareholders, or other
constituents, a lawyer shall explain the identity of the client when it is
apparent that the organization's interests may be adverse to those of the
constituents with whom the lawyer is dealing.").





n133  It is important to note that there are multiple views on the issue of the
attorney's role in client decision-making. Compare Rodney J. Uphoff, Who Should
Control the Decision to Call a Witness: Respecting a Criminal Defendant's
Tactical Choices, 68 U. CIN. L. REV. 763, 766-67 (2000) (explaining the
traditional view that it is the lawyer's responsibility to manage the client's
case in accordance with the attorney's best legal judgment) with Nancy D.
Polikoff, Am I My Client?: The Role Confusion of a Lawyer Activist, 31 HARV.
C.R.-C.L. L. REV. 443, 458 (1996) (arguing for client-centered counsel that
helps the client explore all possible consequences of proposed action, then
allows the client to make the decision that is best for her). For an in-depth
discussion of client-centered lawyering, see generally DAVID BINDER & SUSAN
PRICE, LEGAL INTERVIEWING AND COUNSELING: A CLIENT CENTERED APPROACH (1977).





n134  Susan Bennett, Little Engines That Could: Community Clients, Their Lawyers
and Training in the Arts of Democracy, 2002 Wis. L. REV. 469,477 (2002).





n135  Id.





n136  Lisa T. Alexander, Stakeholder Participation in New Governance: Lessons
from Chicago's Public Housing Reform Experiment, 16 GEO. J. ON POVERTY L. &
POL'Y 117, 139-41 (2009).





n137  Id.





n138  Id. at 141-42.





n139  Id.





n140  D.C. CODE § 42-3404.05(b) (2001).





n141  Id.





n142  Id. § 42-3404.05(a-2).





n143  Id. § 42-3404.05(b). The money is usually held in escrow.





n144  Tenant Opportunity to Purchase, D.C. DEP'T OF HOUSING & COMMUNITY DEV.
(Oct. 16, 2012), http://dhcd.dc.gov/service/tenant-opportunity-purchase-
assistance.





n145  Chris Wood, Hello, Nonrefundable Deposits, MULTIFAMILY EXECUTIVE (Dec. 8,
2011),
http://multifamilyexecutive.com/dispositions-and-transactions/non-refundable-dep
osits-on-the-rise.aspx?printerfriendly=true ("On a $ 50 million deal you might
see a buyer put down a $ 5 million deposit[.]").





n146  D.C. CODE § 42-3404.05(b) (2001). TOPA requires the return of earnest
money deposits posted by tenant associations absent a showing that the tenant
association acted in bad faith. While the earnest money is statutorily
protected, there remains some risk for the lender. As such, these loans are most
frequently provided by community lenders such as the Local Initiatives Support
Corporation, which will provide the loan for a fee, plus interest.





n147  D.C. CODE § 42-3404.11 (2001) (stating that the tenant association has a
minimum of 120 days to secure financing, and, if a lending institution puts in
writing that it will make a decision regarding financing within 240 days of the
date of contracting, then the owner must extend the financing window for that
period of time).





n148  Id. These requirements include negotiating a purchase contract with the
owner, D.C. Code §§ 42-3404.11(1), (2) (2001), posting an earnest money deposit
of no more than 5% of the purchase price, D.C. Code § 42-3404.05(b) (2001), and
receiving and submitting to the owner a letter of interest from a lending
institution stating that the lender is considering the request for financing and
providing a date by when a lending decision will be made, D.C. Code §
3404.11(3)(A) (2001). In the early stages of this process, one of the most
difficult hurdles for the tenant association is securing the earnest money
deposit. While these funds are statutorily protected by TOPA, D.C. Code §
42-3404.05(b) (2001), there is still some risk to the lender and, thus, lenders
will evaluate the tenants' participation, the amount of money individual tenants
have contributed, and the tenant association's development team--including legal
counsel, community organizers, and the board of directors.





n149  This analysis is drawn from my experience as a financial analyst in
commercial banking with one of the country's largest commercial banks.





n150  When tenant associations with whom I worked obtained a loan from DHCD,
DHCD, in accordance with its mission, always required income or resale
affordability restrictions to minimize the number of residents with incomes
above a certain level from residing in the DHCD financed property. Commercial
lenders did not often impose such restrictions. Note that creating such
mixed-income housing is easiest when the property is located in an area where
market rate units are in high demand, such as Columbia Heights or U Street, NW
in Washington, D.C. It is also easier to maintain affordability when tenant
units are not renovated with the higher-end finishes offered in the market-rate
units to reduce renovation costs.





n151  These repair costs sometimes include the need for a new roof, boiler, or
windows to reduce heating costs, and lead paint and asbestos remediation.





n152  Lydia DePillis, Buyer's Remorse: D.C. Law Helped Tenants Become Owners.
But it Didn't Fix the Sink, WASH. CITY PAPER (May 20, 2010),
http://www.washingtoncitypaper.com/blogs/housingcomplex/2010/05/20/buyer's-remor
se-a-d-c-law-helped-tenants-become-owners-but-it-didn't-fix-the-sink/.





n153  See Robert D. Cooter, The Best Right Laws: Value Foundations of the
Economic Analysis of Law, 64 NOTRE DAME L. REV. 817, 817 (1989) (explaining
that, to economists, the core meaning of efficiency is "without wasting money").





n154  To Disapprove Rental Housing Conversion and Sale Act of 1980: Oversight
Hearings and Markup on H.R. Con. Res. 420 Before the H. Comm. on the District of
Columbia, 96th Cong. 109 (1980) (memorandum from Robert Moore, Director,
District of Columbia Department of Housing & Community Development) ("While we
strongly support the trust of the tenant right to purchase provisions of [TOPA],
we think that the time periods for negotiations and settlement should be
reasonable. The total time contemplated in [TOPA] could run longer than 400
days, which is an excessive time to tie up property.").





n155  Independence Mgmt. Co. v. Anderson & Summers, LLC, 874 A.2d 862, 869 (D.C.
2005) (finding that 60 to 70 days is a reasonable time period for closing on the
sale of an apartment building where neither party was a tenant association).





n156  See D.C. CODE § 42-3502.12(a) (2001). Washington, D.C. allows an owner to
petition the city for a rent increase if the owner's investment rental property
is not performing above a statutorily protected rate of return. In the author's
experience, however, the process can be expensive and time consuming, and has
not been frequently used. Id.





n157  D.C. CODE §§ 42-3404.05(a), 42-3404.05(a-2) (2001).





n158  Id. § 42-3404.05(a)(2).





n159  Id. § 42-3404.05(b). Please note that TOPA allows an owner to recover the
earnest money deposit from the tenants association only if the owner can
establish that the tenant association's failure to close was not in good faith.
In my experience, this rarely occurs.





n160  Id. § 42-3404.06.





n161  Id.





n162  See id. § 42-3402.03. TOPA not only provides tenants the right to
purchase, but also prevents owners from converting rental properties to
cooperatives or condominiums without the approval of the tenants.





n163  Id. § 42-3404.11(1).





n164  Amenities and consideration often include rent caps, renovations to units
and property common areas, and cash payouts to renters who choose to vacate
their unit within a period of time after a new owner purchases the property.





n165  CAROLYN C. LEUNG, JOINT CTR. FOR HOUS. STUDIES OF HARVARD UNIV., RESIDENT
PARTICIPATION: A COMMUNITY-BUILDING STRATEGY IN LOW-INCOME NEIGHBORHOODS 5
(2005), available at
http://www.jchs.harvard.edu/sites/jchs.harvard.edu/files/w05-13_leung.pdf.





n166  D.C. CODE § 42-3404.11(1) (2001).





n167  Id. § 42-3404.06.





n168  Id.





n169  While there is no currently available verifiable evidence of how many
tenants are offered, or accept, lump-sum payments, my experience working with
TOPA suggests that it is not uncommon for tenants in properties with five or
more units to be offered $ 5000 to $ 20,000 per unit as a buy-out. However,
during the real estate boom, I also saw tenants offered up to $ 60,000 to $
80,000 per unit as a buy-out, though that was not a common amount.





n170  D.C. CODE § 42-3502.13(a) (2001).





n171  Debbie Cenziper & Sarah Cohen, The Profit in Decay: Landlords Who Empty
Buildings of Tenants Reap Extra Benefits Under Law, WASH. POST, Mar. 9, 2008, at
Al, available at
http://www.washingtonpost.com/wp-dyn/content/story/2008/03/08/ST2008030803137.ht
ml (noting that landlords would negotiate move-out deals and offer tenants money
to leave).





n172  While some low- and moderate-income tenants would not be able to afford to
buy a market-rate home in Washington, D.C. solely with the lump-sum payment, the
payment could be a down-payment for the purchase of subsidized affordable
housing developed by the city or by the private market.





n173  See Xavier de Souza Briggs & Margery Austin Turner, Assisted Housing
Mobility and Success of Low-Income Minority Families: Lessons for Policy,
Practice, and Future Research, 1 Nw. J. L. & Soc. POL'Y 25, 29 (2006); Robert J.
Sampson et al., Durable Effects of Concentrated Disadvantage on Verbal Ability
Among African-American Children, 105 PROCEEDINGS NAT'L ACAD, OF SCI. 845, 852
(2008) (arguing that growing up in concentrated poverty negatively impacts
verbal cognitive ability and those problems persist even after the child leaves
the neighborhood). It is important to note the argument that moving, by itself,
is no absolute panacea for the problems associated with persistent family
poverty for many families.





n174  D.C. CODE § 42-3401.02(2) (2001).





n175  Id. § 42-3404.06.





n176  It is important to note, however, that such an agreement only has
significant value if the majority of the tenants who wish to stay in the
property and buy a condominium have the income, credit history, and down payment
to qualify for a mortgage. For such a strategy to be useful, those residents
with poor credit need to work with a housing counseling agency very early in the
process. Residents also need to apply and qualify for private or government down
payment assistance programs and begin saving for a down payment very early in
the process. Washington, D.C. has a down payment assistance program--the Home
Purchase Assistance Program--which currently offers up to $ 40,000 in down
payment assistance. D.C. CODE § 42-2601 (2001); see also Dep't of Hous. & Cmty.
Dev., Home Purchase Assistance Program, D.C.,
http://dhcd.dc.gov/service/home-purchase-assistance-program (last visited Nov.
16, 2012).





n177  James Wilson & George Kelling, Broken Windows, ATLANTIC MONTHLY, Mar.
1982, at 29, 30.





n178  See D.C. CODE § 42-1103(a)(1 )(A) (2001). In Washington, D.C., property
taxes are based on the assessed value of property.





n179  D.C. CODE § 42-3402.02 (2001).





n180  See id. § 42-3402.08. TOPA offers some statutory protection against
displacement from condominium and cooperative conversions to disabled and
elderly tenants who are qualified as low-income by DHCD.





n181  Affordable Housing Preservation, PROBONO.NET/DC,
http://www.probono.net/dc/housingpreservation (last visited Nov. 10, 2012)
("[R]ental buildings in the District are being sold and/or converted to high-end
condominiums at an unprecedented rate.").





n182  Cenziper & Cohen, supra note 171, at A15.





n183  Id. at A1 (noting that landlords hoping to benefit from the "lucrative
real estate market" displaced thousands of tenants by, among other tactics,
offering buy-out payments). Because the tenant associations are the only entity
empowered to negotiate on behalf of residents, a majority vote by the tenants is
sufficient to allow the tenant association's decision to move forward if allowed
by the bylaws.





n184  See, e.g., Myron Orfield, Land Use and Housing Policies to Reduce
Concentrated Poverty and Racial Segregation, 33 FORDHAM URB. L.J. 877, 929-30
(2006); Edward G. Goetz, The Effects of Subsidized Housing on Communities. U.
MINN. EXTENSION (2000),
http://www.extension.umn.edu/distribution/familydevelopment/components/7565_09.h
tml.





n185  See generally Briggs & Turner, supra note 173.





n186  Barbara Bennett Woodhouse, Youthful Indiscretions: Culture, Class Status,
and the Passage to Adulthood, 51 DEPAUL L. REV. 743, 759 (2002) (stating that
youths from low-income communities are more likely to drop out of school, become
pregnant, earn money illegally, and engage in crime).





n187  See generally U.S. DEP'T OF HOUS. & URBAN DEV., URBAN POLICY BRIEF NO. 2,
HOMEOWNERSHIP AND ITS BENEFITS (1995) [hereinafter HOMEOWNERSHIP AND ITS
BENEFITS], http://www.huduser.org/publications/txt/hdbrf2.txt ("General trend
data on housing prices confirm that owner-occupied homes have performed well as
long-term investments. Real prices for the median-priced home increased by a
total of 41 percent between 1960 and 1989."); Denise DiPasquale & Edward L.
Glaeser, Incentives and Social Capital: Are Homeowners Better Citizens?, 45 J.
URB. ECON. 354 (1999); George McCarthy, Shannon Van Zandt & William Rohe, The
Economic Benefits and Costs of Homeownership: A Critical Assessment of the
Research (Research Inst, for Hous. America, Working Paper No. 01-02, 2001),
available at
http://www.housingamerica.org/RIHA/RIHA/Publications/48517_RIHAwp01-02.pdf.





n188  Mark Duda & Eric Belsky, Asset Appreciation, Timing of Purchase and Sale,
and Returns to Low-Income Homeownership 2 (Joint Ctr. for Hous. Studies at
Harvard Univ., Working Paper Series No. LIHO-01.6, 2001), available at
http://www.jchs.harvard.edu/research/publications/asset-appreciation-timing-purc
hases-and-sales-and-returns-low-income ("In almost all cases we find that
low-cost owners are substantially more likely to sell at a profit during market
upswings than owners of mid- and high-cost units. Owners of low-cost homes are
also noticeably less likely to suffer losses when selling during market
downturns.").





n189  A. Mechele Dickerson, The Myth of Home Ownership and Why Home Ownership Is
Not Always a Good Thing, 84 IND. L.J. 189, 190 (2009) (arguing that given the
recent changes in the home ownership market, attempts at homeownership is an
unwise investment for many families and that housing policy should abandon
people-based homeownership programs); see also Kristen David Adams,
Homeownership: American Dream or Illusion of Empowerment?, 60 S.C. L. REV. 573
(2009) (arguing that Americans have overvalued homeownership and that we should
rethink our national housing strategy to focus more on rentals.); Robert C.
Ellickson, The False Promise of the Mixed-Income Housing Project, 57 UCLA L.
REV. 983 (2010) (arguing that housing policy should focus on housing vouchers
for affordable rentals instead of federal subsidies of mixed-income housing
developments).





n190  Josephine Louie, Eric S. Belsky & Nancy McArdle, The Housing Needs of
Lower Income Homeowners 19 (Joint Ctr. for Hous. Studies at Harvard Univ.,
Working Paper No. W98-8, 1998), available at
http://www.jchs.harvard.edu/research/publications/housing
-needs-lower-income-homeowners.





n191  See HOMEOWNERSHIP AND ITS BENEFITS, supra note 187; see also Zhu Xiao Di,
The Role of Housing as a Component of Household Wealth 6-7 (Joint Ctr. for Hous.
Studies at Harvard Univ., Working Paper No. WO 1-6, 2001), available at
http://www.jchs.harvard.edu/sites/jchs.harvard.edu/files/di_01-6.pdf ("By 1998,
more than a quarter of the $ 29 trillion household net wealth was in stocks ($
7.4 trillion). For the first time, the stocks held by American households became
the dominant share of household net wealth, surpassing home equity by $ 1.5
trillion. However, sixty percent of those who own both stocks and homes still
have more value in home equity than in stocks.").





n192  There are rare examples of a condominium-cooperative hybrid. A tenant
association can exercise its TOPA rights and either purchase the property
directly or assign those rights to a developer, and the owner (either the tenant
association or the developer) can convert the property into a condominium, with
some small number of those condominium units owned by a cooperative association.
In my experience, this is a rare occurrence and will therefore not be discussed
in detail here.





n193  E-mail from Lauren Pair, Rental Conversion & Sale Division., D.C. Dep't of
Hous. & Cmty. Dev. (RACD), to Julie Lawton, Assistant Clinical Professor of Law,
DePaul Univ. Coll. of Law (Nov. 12, 2010, 11:45 AM CST) (providing data on
tenant association registration applications and established cooperatives
between 2000 and 2010) (on file with author and the GEO. J. ON POVERTY L. &
POL'Y). Unfortunately, RACD, the Washington, D.C. agency that receives the
"Notices of Offer" suffered a data loss that destroyed the list of "Notices of
Offers" sent prior to late 2006. Thus, it is not possible to determine what
percentage of tenant associations responded to notices of offers received before
late 2006.





n194  Id. (providing data on tenant association registration applications and
established coops between 2000 and 2010) (on file with author and the Georgetown
Journal on Poverty Law and Policy).





n195  Id.





n196  Id. Currently, when a "Notice of Offer" is sent to a property's tenants,
DHCD makes a list of those properties available to the public. There are two
main organizations (both of which are non-profits) that reach out to tenant
groups: University Legal Services (ULS) and Housing Counseling Services (HCS).
ULS does not initiate contact with the tenant groups. HCS, on the other hand,
initiates contact with as many tenant groups on the list as possible. In
addition to initiating contact, HCS will lead the group in the formation process
without requiring much initiative from the tenant group. Talking with the HCS
counselors reveals that HCS seeks to expand the number of registrations. It is
telling, however, that in 2009, the first calendar year after HCS lost its
funding for tenant outreach, the response rate to "Notices of Offers" dropped by
more than half, from 39% to 16%.





n197  Id.





n198  Id.





n199  WASH., D.C. ECON. P'SHIP, DEVELOPMENT REPORT 2009/2010 EDITION, at 14
(2009), available at
http://rivereastreport.com/wp-content/uploads/2010/12/DC-Development-Report-2009
.pdf.





n200  Brookings Metropolitan Policy Program, Cities with the Most
College-Educated Residents, N.Y. TIMES (May 30, 2012),
http://www.nytimes.com/interactive/2012/05/31/us/education-in-metro-areas.html;
Derek Thompson, Washington, D.C.: The Nation's Fastest-Growing, Top-Earning,
Best-Educated City, ATLANTIC (Dec. 22, 2011, 1:54 PM),
http://www.theatlantic.com/business/archive/2011/12/washington-dc-the-nations-fa
stest-growing-top-earning-best-educated-city/250406/; State and County Quick
Facts: District of Columbia, U.S. CENSUS BUREAU (Sep. 18, 2012, 4:41 PM),
http://quickfacts.census.gov/qfd/states/11000.html.





n201  State and County Quick Facts: District of Columbia, U.S. CENSUS BUREAU
(Sep. 18, 2012, 4:41 PM), http://quickfacts.census.gOv/qfd/states/11000.html.





n202  D.C. CODE § 42-3401.01(a) (2001).





n203  U.S. CENSUS BUREAU, DEP'T OF COMMERCE, 2006-2010 AMERICAN COMMUNITY SURVEY
5-YEAR ESTIMATES (2010) [hereinafter AMERICAN COMMUNITY SURVEY], available at
http://factfinder2.census.gov/faces/tableservices/jsf/pages/productview.xhtml?pi
d=ACS_10_5YR_DP04.





n204  Id.





n205  U.S. Dep't of Hous. & Urban Dev., Affordable Housing, HUD.GOV,
www.hud.gov/offices/cpd/affordablehousing/index.cfm (last visited on Aug. 17,
2012).





n206  AMERICAN COMMUNITY SURVEY, supra note 203.





n207  Id.





n208  See generally COAL, FOR NONPROFIT HOUS. & ECON. DEV, A DECADE OF PROGRESS:
INVESTING IN LIVES AND NEIGHBORHOODS THROUGH THE HOUSING PRODUCTION TRUST FUND
(2012),
http://www.cnhed.org/download/123321_U127242_750894/CNHED%20Housing%20Production
%20Trust%20Fund%20Report.pdf.





n209  See supra Part II.D.





n210  COAL, FOR NONPROFIT HOUS. & ECON. DEV., supra note 208, at 3.





n211  D.C. CODE § 42-3404.05(a)(1) (2001).





n212  Rental Housing Hearing, supra note 70, at 95 (memorandum of John P. Brown
Jr., Acting Assistant Secretary to the Council). An early version of TOPA, Bill
3-222, that was sent to the Washington, D.C. Council Committee on Housing and
Economic Development, included Section 405(c), which stated "[t]he owner shall
not require the tenant to agree to a price greater than appraised value unless
justified by a material advantage or material concession by the owner with
respect to other terms. Appraised value is established by an independent
appraisal under contemporaneous zoning, building or occupancy permits and right
to convert to another use. If more than one independent appraisal is available,
value is established by the average. The owner may require up to ten (10)
percent above appraised value if a contract with a third party substantiates
such a price." B. 3-222, 3rd Council Period (D.C. 1979).





n213  Tenants, when receiving a "Notice of Offer," could obtain their own
appraisal to evaluate an offer. However, at this early point in the process,
tenants generally do not have the financial resources to pay for an appraisal
that often costs thousands of dollars for a multi-family property.





n214  Paulette Williams, The Continuing Crisis in Affordable Housing: Systemic
Issues Requiring Systemic Solutions, 31 FORDHAM URB. L.J. 413, 417 (2004); see
also Alexander Polikoff, Racial Inequality and the Black Ghetto. 1 Nw. J. L. &
Soc. POL'Y 1, 19 (2006).





n215  Williams, supra note 214.





n216  Id. at 437-38.





n217  Patrick Clancy & Leo Quigley, HOPE VI: A Vital Tool for Comprehensive
Neighborhood Revitalization, 8 GEO. J. ON POVERTY L. & POL'Y 537 (2001).





n218  Polikoff, supra note 214, at 19.





n219  Debbi Wilgoren, The Purchase of a Lifetime, WASH. POST (Dec. 14, 2005),
http://www.washingtonpost.com/wpdyn/content/article/2005/12/13/AR2005121301828.h
tml.





n220  Id.





n221  Id.


                             347 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              Chicago Daily Herald

                            July 13, 2016 Wednesday

Public, private partnership delivers new affordable housing in Lake in the Hills

SECTION: SUBMITTED CONTENT; Pg. 0

LENGTH: 539 words


Chicago, IL-(June 29, 2016)--U.S. Rep. Peter Roskam (R-IL 6th District) joined
members of the community for a celebration honoring the opening of The Villas of
Lake in the Hills, a newly-constructed, LEED Silver Certified, 60-unit
affordable housing rental community developed by DKI Inc., a Chicago-based real
estate investment and development firm.

"The Villas of Lake in the Hills are a perfect example of an effective
public/private partnership," said Rep. Roskam at the community celebration.
"They are designed to meet an important and growing need of the region - quality
affordable housing for veterans, working families, seniors, and residents
without other options. The Villas will make our community a better place by
helping people who need it."

The development is the result of a combination of public and private funding,
including: an Illinois Housing Development Authority HOME Loan; a loan from JP
Morgan Chase; equity from the sale of Low Income Housing Tax Credits allocated
by IHDA; a Department of Commerce and Economic Opportunity Grant from the State
of Illinois; and an AHP Grant from the Federal Home Loan Bank. The Villas adhere
to IHDA's Enhanced Green guidelines and feature a variety of green building
design elements and energy efficient lighting and appliances. It is the latest
DKI project after its 2013 completion of The Residences of Lake in the Hills, a
92-unit tax credit residential development for seniors that is located adjacent
to The Villas.

"Today's opening demonstrates what can be accomplished when public and private
entities work together and share a common commitment to improving peoples' lives
and building stronger communities," said Dan Kotcher, president of DKI Inc.

The Villas feature a clubhouse with common areas for social and recreational
use, and include a business and fitness center, community room, and a club room
to accommodate support services, programs and activities for the residents.

"This is an answer to our prayers," said Kim Henderson, a working single mother
and resident of The Villas of Lake in the Hills. "Living in these beautiful
surroundings, close to a good school, shopping and my job, makes it possible to
build a brighter future for me and my family."

The Villas are situated in eight separate, two-story buildings containing
72,000-square-feet. They offer a mix of one-, two-, and three-bedroom apartments
ranging from 850 square feet to 1,300 square feet, including a number of
apartments set aside for residents with mobility limitations and sensory
impairments.

"My new home and the friends I am making here have completely changed my life,"
said veteran Art Polcyn, 93 years of age and a Villas resident. "The Villas not
only make my life more manageable and comfortable, they have inspired me to
continue to look for ways to make a difference every day."

About DKI Inc.:

Since its inception in 1998, DKI Inc. has been a Chicago-based real estate
investment and development firm specializing in the acquisition, rehabilitation
and development of affordable, multi-family residential communities in the
Chicago region. DKI has acquired, renovated and built more than 2,000 units of
multi-family rental housing in underserved urban and suburban neighborhoods.

LOAD-DATE: July 13, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 Paddock Publications, Inc.


                             348 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                   The Record-Eagle (Traverse City, Michigan)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                            December 6, 2015 Sunday

For rent: Determination, follow through required

BYLINE: Brian McGillivary, The Record-Eagle, Traverse City, Mich.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 1349 words


Dec. 06--TRAVERSE CITY -- Jacki Warner will never forget the moment the call
came that changed her life.

Warner worked more than two years to find an opening in any type of subsidized
housing to help her and her three daughters survive in Traverse City. And when
the call came that would cut her family's rent bill in half, both Warner and her
oldest daughter could do nothing but cry.

"When you have a family of four, and the regular monthly bills alone are over
$1,400, it can be pretty frustrating and agonizing," Warner said. "We are pretty
much all each other have, so when I'm gone all of the time working -- well --
this is pretty much the best Christmas gift any one of us could have gotten."

Warner and her daughters Jaila, 12, Alliyah, 7, and Jazlynn, 6, recently moved
into a three-bedroom townhouse in Orchard View, a public housing subdivision for
families owned by the Traverse City Housing Commission. Warner worked double
shifts, six days per week, at local restaurant to cover her rent and other basic
living costs. She said there was rarely time or money for the extras many people
take for granted, including extracurricular activities for her girls like Girl
Scouts, sports, or music.

"Now I will be able to do more for them as well as be here for them," she said.

Warner's is a struggle Jodi Packer knows well.

Packer commuted for three years to her job in Traverse City from Alden where she
and her two children, Kailyn, 8 and Lucas, 5, lived with her parents. This
weekend she and her children moved into a new home in the Depot Neighborhood
constructed by Habitat for Humanity Grand Traverse Region. She began the process
with Habitat for Humanity about 18 months ago.

Officials called her on April Fools' Day to say she was selected for a house.

"I said that is not funny," Packer recalled. "I didn't believe it. If not for
this I'd still be at my parent's house. I could never afford rent in this area."

What makes the two women's stories unique is how they have navigated an often
confusing, frustrating, maze of screenings and regulations to obtain housing
assistance. But their situations, long commutes or the lion's share of their
income eaten by rent is the norm in the Traverse City region, according to
housing studies conducted by Networks Northwest, a regional planning and
development agency.

Sarah Lucas, a regional planner for Networks Northwest, has tracked the housing
situation in Northwest Michigan for eight years.

"I would say over the last few years the housing situation has gotten worse and
some people would call it a crisis," Lucas said.

A Networks Northwest commissioned market analysis shows Grand Traverse County
needs to add more than 1,100 multi-family housing units per year for the next
five years to meet the market demand. That deficit is created by people who want
to move into the region or relocate within the region, usually to be closer to
their jobs. More than half of those want to move into the greater Traverse City
community.

That demand drives up housing and rental costs. Affordable housing is defined as
costing less than 30 percent of adjusted gross income. But almost 44 percent of
renters pay above 35 percent of their income toward housing as do about 25
percent of homeowners in the Grand Traverse County, according to the U.S. Census
Bureau's American Community Survey for 2013.

How close people need to live to Traverse City is less about the commute time as
it is about the transportation costs, Lucas said. The national benchmark for
combined housing and transportation costs is about 45 percent of a household's
gross income, but in the Traverse City area people are spending more than 57
percent of their income on housing and transportation combined. In some
moderate-income households the number is closer to 73 percent.

One of the hardest hit groups in the region are singles, whether they are
Millennials just starting out or senior citizens.

"Looking for an apartment in general is hard, and I looked everywhere," said Zoe
Onthank, 24, a Traverse City who is searching for a place to live so she can
move out of her parents' house. "I couldn't find anything available, it was
either too expensive or full."

Onthank, armed with a Housing Choice Voucher from the Traverse City Housing
Commission which limits her out of pocket costs to 30 percent of her income and
directly pays the landlord the difference, was also hindered because not all
landlords want to deal with the paperwork or accept the vouchers. She began
looking in January and didn't find a place until August.

Jessica Penick faced a similar problem while searching for an apartment for her
widowed mother. Her mother received a voucher in March but Penick, despite
checking classified ads and Craigslist every day, didn't find a place until
November. She also tried all of the affordable housing websites listed on the
handouts provided by various agencies, but the all had waiting lists, some as
long as two years for a one-room apartment.

"The problem we were running into was there just wasn't anything out there for a
single person," Penick said. "And when I did find one place out of 400 that she
could afford, the person would not accept the voucher."

Tony Lentych, executive director of the Housing Commission, said Onthank's and
Penick's difficulties highlight several problems including the lack of housing
and the overall difficulty in navigating the region's splintered housing
assistance system.

"The largest gap is just affordable units, whether they are market rate or
affordable, the issue is rental," Lentych said. "If you are looking for rental,
despite what your income level is, you are going to have a hard time finding a
place to rent."

The overall housing shortage for the region has several factors, officials said.
The recession dried up financing to build new housing, especially apartments,
for at least half a decade. The demand for seasonal housing also drives up
prices and limits supply for year-round residents.

But Lentych also blames a leadership vacuum in the area of affordable housing
and includes his own housing commission, which hasn't developed any new housing
in decades. Homestretch, the area's private nonprofit housing developer,
virtually imploded and was taken over and reorganized by state and county
officials.

But Doug Luciani, CEO of Traverse Connect, an offshoot of the Traverse City Area
Chamber of Commerce, cites Networks Northwest as the exception. He credits their
decision to conduct an analysis of housing market demand with attracting new
private developers to the area who are building both market-rate and affordable
housing units.

There now are more than 800 apartments units in various stages of planning or
early construction in Traverse City area.

Lentych agrees the study is important because it showed developers there was a
demand across all income levels and they didn't just have to keep building
high-end housing projects or condos to make money. And the nonprofit sector is
also ramping up, he said.

Habitat for Humanity has grown from building one or two houses per year to serve
individual families to the 10 houses in the Depot Neighborhood. Wendy Irvin, the
nonprofit's executive director, said officials will use what they learned from
that project to grow their efforts, and expect their next project will have a
more significant impact on the community.

The housing commission also is in discussions with the Northwest Michigan
Community Action Agency about a partnership for a future housing project.

Meanwhile area residents will continue the sometimes painful wait for the
housing supply to catch up with demand. And those who are lucky enough to find
one of the few openings say the process requires both hard work and
determination.

"It doesn't just fall in your lap," Warner said. "You can't get frustrated, it
takes time but in the end it was worth it. We have moved and moved and moved and
now this is our long-term, stable home."

___ (c)2015 The Record-Eagle (Traverse City, Mich.) Visit The Record-Eagle
(Traverse City, Mich.) at record-eagle.com Distributed by Tribune Content
Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: December 11, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20151206-ZK-For-rent-Determination-follow-through-required-1206-20151206

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: ZK


                        Copyright 2015 The Record-Eagle


                             349 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                   Inland Valley Daily Bulletin (Ontario, CA)

                            December 7, 2008 Sunday

I.E. Bizzwire

BYLINE: Staff Reports

SECTION: BUSINESS

LENGTH: 788 words


Pomona business groups to host reception for mayor, council

The Pomona Chamber of Commerce in conjunction with Fairplex, Pomona Valley
Hospital Medical Center, the Downtown Pomona Owners Association, Arteco
Partners, Cal Poly Pomona and Western University of Health Sciences is hosting a
holiday reception for Pomona's new mayor, Elliot Rothman, and newly elected City
Council members Stephan Atchly, Paula Lantz and Daniel Soto. The event, from 5
to 7 p.m. Wednesday, will be held at Cal Poly's Downtown Center, 300 W. Second
St. The public is invited. Attendees are asked to bring an unwrapped toy to be
donated to a local charity whose toys were stolen last week. Information: (909)
622-1256.

Water district awards Fontana agency more than $94,000

The Fontana Public Works Department was recently awarded $94,087.50 by the
Metropolitan Water District of Southern California. The money is a rebate for
the new computer-controlled irrigation equipment installed by the public works
agency in the Southridge Community Facilities District in July. As part of a
pilot program, water use will be tracked and compared with previous year's
usage. The data will then be used to develop a cost-benefit analysis model to
evaluate current equipment and upgrade and improve irrigation water usage.
Information: (909) 350-6518.

Esterline Technologies Corp. to purchase Pomona business

Bellevue, Wash.-based Esterline Technologies Corp. has announced an agreement to
acquire NMC Group in Pomona for approximately $90million. NMC is a designer and
manufacturer of specialized fasteners for the aerospace and defense industry.
Completion of the transaction is expected in 30 to 45 days, contingent upon
customary closing conditions. Esterline will fund the acquisition with available
cash. NMC, first incorporated in 1946, is a privately held company employing 100
people. NMC will continue to run as a stand-alone operation reporting to
Esterline Engineered Materials in Brea.

Hesperia chamber slates annual holiday mixer

The Hesperia Chamber of Commerce will host its annual holiday mixer, themed
"White Christmas," from 5:30 to 10 p.m. Friday at the Percy Bakker Community
Center, 9333 E Ave. The mixer, co-sponsored by the Hesperia Recreation and Park
District, will feature live music, a traditional turkey dinner, an opportunity
drawing and a no-host bar. The mixer is free and open to chamber members and a
guest. The chamber is accepting sponsorships for the event starting at $50.
Information: (760) 244-2135.

J.D. Heiskell and Co. opens new offices in Amarillo, Texas

Tulare-based J.D. Heiskell and Co., which operates its Ontario location out of
the old Scouler grain facility, has announced the opening of new regional
offices in Amarillo, Texas. The company has hired two commodity traders and two
trader assistants to work in the Amarillo office. Joining the company will be
traders Dean McIntosh and Greg Herrinton and merchandising assistants Zoy
Langford and Susie Neal.

I.E. municipal managers to host professional program

The Municipal Management Association of Southern California Inland Empire
Chapter will host a professional development program and tour from 11:30 a.m. to
1:30 p.m. Wednesday at the Lewis Library and Technology Center, 8437 Sierra
Ave., Fontana. Keynote speaker will be Ken Manning, CEO of Chino Basin
Watermaster. He will be sharing his thoughts on how members of "Generation X"
can continue to improve their professional skills in a down economy, what steps
they should take to continue along the path of upward mobility, and how they can
prepare to take on a top leadership position when the economy rebounds. Cost:
Free for members, $20 for non-members. Information: E-mail raymond_ad@sbcity.org

Corona business program plans free seminar for entrepreneurs

The Corona Business Assistance Program is holding a free seminar on "Starting
Your Own Business" at 6 p.m. Wednesday in the Northwest Room at the Corona
Public Library, 650 S. Main St. Information: Nicole Kinney, (909) 890-1242.

Riverside County agency gives rental help to 1,830 families

The Riverside County Economic Development Agency's Housing Authority is
providing housing rental assistance to some 1,830 families in the Coachella
Valley as of Nov. 25. Palm Springs has the most families receiving assistance
with 429, while unincorporated communities were the lowest, showing 37 families
receiving monthly rental assistance in five communities surveyed. According to a
news release, the program helps create jobs in the housing repair and
construction industry, results in the purchase of durable goods, assists local
homeowners or multi-family unit owners in renting properties, and ensures an
"eyesore free" residence. Information: www.rivcoeda.org .

LOAD-DATE: December 8, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2008 MediaNews Group, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             350 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            March 11, 2017 Saturday

California: League-Sponsored Bond Agency Issues $12 Million in Tax-Exempt Bonds
for Affordable Housing in Bell

LENGTH: 387  words

DATELINE: New York



 Sacramento: League of California Cities, The State of California has issued the
followin news release:



   Some of the most significant benefits of League membership for cities since
1988 have flowed from the League's co-sponsorship of the California Statewide
Communities Development Authority (CSCDA).







 This program provides a variety of public agencies and developers access to
low-cost, tax-exempt financing and economic development tools. CSCDA recently
issued a total of $12,000,000 in tax-exempt multi-family affordable housing
bonds for The Salvation Army Bell Oasis Apartments in Bell.



 About Bell Oasis Apartments:



 Bell Oasis Apartments is the new construction of 65 affordable housing units by
The Salvation Army.



 The benefits of the project for the city of Bell and Los Angeles County include
the following:



     100 percent of the affordable rental housing units will be rent restricted
for low-income tenants;

     The project consists of 64 studio units and one manager's unit;

     The project will have an on-site community director and will be LEED Silver
certified; and

     The project will provide permanent housing for the homeless community.



 CSCDA and The Salvation Army partnered with U.S. Bank and Orrick, Herrington &
Sutcliffe, LLP to provide $12 million in tax-exempt multi-family affordable
housing bonds for the project. The financing for the project requires the
affordability of units for low-income tenants to be maintained for 55 years.



 Background



 CSCDA is a joint powers authority created in 1988 and is sponsored by the
League of California Cities® and the California State Association of Counties.
It was created by cities and counties for cities and counties. More than 500
cities, counties and special districts are program participants in CSCDA, which
serves as their conduit issuer and provides access to efficiently finance
locally-approved projects. CSCDA has issued more than $50 billion in tax exempt
bonds for projects that provide a public benefit by creating jobs, affordable
housing, healthcare, infrastructure, schools and other fundamental services.
Visit CSCDA's website for additional information on the ways in which CSCDA can
help your city.





 In case of any query regarding this article or other content please contact:
editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: March 13, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2017 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             351 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                   Pioneer Press Newspapers, Suburban Chicago

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                             July 14, 2015 Tuesday

6-story McGovern Flats wins Highland Park approval

BYLINE: Karen Berkowitz, Pioneer Press Newspapers, Suburban Chicago

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 857 words


July 14--Highland Park city council members agreed Monday to allow a six-story
apartment building at Central and McGovern avenues in the downtown area, even
though the building deviates from a key requirement of the city's new downtown
zoning rules.

McGovern Flats is the first petition to be considered under long-debated zoning
changes that were adopted by the council in April. The changes, intended to
spark redevelopment, allow multi-family buildings of greater height and density
than the city had previously permitted.

The council voted unanimously in favor of developer Greg Merdinger's proposal to
construct a 74-unit building of one- and two-bedroom apartments on a one-acre
site assembled from five parcels, including a Clark gasoline station at the
southwest corner of Central and McGovern and four single-family homes.

Merdinger hopes to break ground on the building in November and be ready to
market the units during the prime spring rental season in 2017.

City zoning required that the fifth and sixth floors of the building be set back
15 feet from the lower floors on both the Central and McGovern sides of the
L-shaped building to reduce the appearance of mass. The city refers to the
requirement as a "step back." Merdinger and his architect, Joe Pasquinelli,
maintained during plan commission hearings that the "step back" would
drastically reduce the amount of living space in the street-side apartments on
the fifth and sixth floor and render the building unworkable.

The development team offered several design changes to soften the appearance,
including the addition of a rooftop terrace and party room at the corner of
McGovern and Central. Smaller indentations were included on the west side and
northwest corner of the building.

Eleven apartments in the building -- six one-bedroom apartments and five
two-bedroom units -- will be set aside as affordable housing, the largest number
of new affordable units since Highland Park adopted its inclusionary zoning
ordinance in 2003. The inclusionary zoning ordinance requires that 20 percent of
dwelling units in new or converted multi-family buildings qualify as affordable
housing. In the case of a rental building, the affordable units are reserved for
renters earning no more than 60 percent of the area's median income, adjusted
for household size. Under the current formula, income would be capped at $31,920
for a single person or $41,040 for a three-person household.

Rental rates for the affordable units are set so tenants are not paying more
than 30 percent of their income for housing.To offset the financial impact of
Highland Park's affordable housing requirement, Merdinger was granted a density
bonus that allowed more market-rate units than would otherwise have been
permitted.

Merdinger has said he expects the prime markets for the units will be
empty-nesters ages 55 and older who want to maintain a North Shore residence
without the hassles of home ownership, and young families looking to rent on the
North Shore.

Councilman Anthony Blumberg said the inclusion of the affordable units, which
will be evenly dispersed throughout the building, weighed into his decision to
vote in favor of the project.

"As somebody who has generally opposed taller and bulkier buildings, and had a
lot of concern about the (step backs) -- particularly in the very first
development -- I have wrestled with this a lot," Blumberg said before the vote.

"The fact that you have met 100 percent of our requirements for affordable
housing, that you have created a tremendous amount of green space that is an
amenity for everybody in the building and that there is a single general
entrance for everybody" were factors in the building's favor, Blumberg said.

He noted the developer also have made some design changes to address concerns
about mass.

Housing advocates affiliated with Open Communities urged the city to address the
needs of the renters who will be displaced when the single-family homes at 1710,
1716 and 1724 McGovern and 774 Central avenues are torn down to make room for
the development.

"You have done a traffic impact study. You have done a fiscal impact study. But
we haven't done a human impact study," said David Borris, a Highland Park
resident who is president of Chicago Area Peace Action. "There are families that
are living there. To go ahead and displace those families with a month's notice,
two or three month's notice with no provision at all for where they are going to
go, or how we are going to keep these Highland Park families within our
community is, I think, an oversight."

Property owner Jeffrey Eiserman said Tuesday that only four of 11 tenants are
still living in the homes and they are on month-to-month leases. He said they
would be given at least 90 days notice of the need to vacate the premises by
Nov. 1. He also plans to provide a free month of rent in addition to returning
their security deposits.

kberkowitz@pioneerlocal.com

@KarenABerkowitz

___ (c)2015 Pioneer Press Newspapers (Suburban Chicago, Ill.) Visit Pioneer
Press Newspapers (Suburban Chicago, Ill.) at www.chicagotribune.com/suburbs
Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: July 28, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20150714-PIO-6-story-McGovern-Flats-wins-Highland-Park-approval-0714-20150714

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: PIO


                          Copyright 2015 Pioneer Press


                             352 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             August 12, 2016 Friday

California: League-Sponsored Bond Agency Issues $32 Million in Tax-Exempt Bonds
for Affordable Housing Apartments in Mountain View

LENGTH: 369  words

DATELINE: New York



 Sacramento: League of California Cities, The State of California has issued the
followin news release:



   Some of the most significant benefits of League membership for cities since
1988 have flowed from the League's co-sponsorship of the California Statewide
Communities Development Authority (CSCDA).





 This program provides a variety of public agencies and developers access to
low-cost, tax-exempt financing and economic development tools. CSCDA recently
issued $32,000,000 in tax-exempt multi-family affordable housing bonds for
Evelyn Family Apartments in Mountain View.



 About Evelyn Family Apartments



 Evelyn Family Apartments is the new construction of 116 affordable housing
units by ROEM Development Corporation. The benefits of the project for the city
of Mountain View and Santa Clara County include 100 percent of the affordable
rental housing units will be rent restricted for low-income tenants; the project
will bring new economic vibrancy to the area; and the project consists of 11
studios, 45 one-bedroom units, 44 two-bedroom units, and 15 three-bedroom units
to house local low-income residents.



 CSCDA and ROEM partnered with Citibank to provide $32,000,000 in tax-exempt
multi-family affordable housing bonds for the project. The financing for the
project requires the affordability of units for low-income tenants to be
maintained for 55 years.



 Background



 CSCDA is a joint powers authority created in 1988 and is sponsored by the
League of California Cities® and the California State Association of Counties.
It was created by cities and counties for cities and counties. More than 500
cities, counties and special districts are program participants in CSCDA, which
serves as their conduit issuer and provides access to efficiently finance
locally-approved projects. CSCDA has issued more than $50 billion in tax exempt
bonds for projects that provide a public benefit by creating jobs, affordable
housing, healthcare, infrastructure, schools and other fundamental services.
Visit CSCDA's website for additional information on the ways in which CSCDA can
help your city.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content please contact:
editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: August 13, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             353 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                The Berkshire Eagle (Pittsfield, Massachusetts)

                             August 7, 2005 Sunday

Progress made in affordable housing

BYLINE: Letters

SECTION: LETTERS TO THE EDITOR

LENGTH: 892 words


To the Editor of THE EAGLE:-

We are writing in response to the July 25 editorial titled "Need grows for
affordable housing" implying that talk has not translated into action with
regard to the production of affordable housing units in the commonwealth. The
reality of the situation is contrary to the implication that policy makers have
not made housing a priority. Many activities on Beacon Hill have translated into
action with regard to addressing both the production and preservation of
affordable housing units, assistance to address the affordability of housing and
programs to prevent homelessness. And more work will continue on this critical
issue.

To maintain Massachusetts' pre-eminence as an economic engine for this nation,
we must continue to provide affordable housing so that we may retain our current
employees and attract new ones. Currently, an employee making the median annual
income in the commonwealth cannot afford to purchase home in Eastern
Massachusetts. And as we are seeing increasingly in Western Massachusetts and
particularly in southern Berkshire County, middle-income, first-time homebuyers
are pushed out of the market by second-homeowners looking to take advantage of
all the Berkshires have to offer. Some of the Legislature's recent highlights on
housing include:

The Legislature voted to extend the Low Income Housing Tax Credit in 2004, which
awards a state tax credit to investors in multi-family rental dwellings with
affordable requirements. This program allows housing developers to finance part
of the development costs with equity invested in corporations and individuals,
thereby encouraging private investment in affordable housing. At least 40
percent of the units in such housing is restricted to individuals whose incomes
are equal to or below 60 percent of the area median income, or alternatively, 20
percent of the units must be made available to people at or below 50 percent of
the area median income. So far, this program has helped to create 1,100
affordable units since 1999. It was extended for an additional five years in
2004.

The House just passed a five-year capital funding authorization for the
financing of affordable housing in the amount of $200 million. This proposal
recapitalizes two funds: the $100 million Housing Stabilization Fund [HSF] and
the $100 million Affordable Housing Trust Fund [AHTF]. These funds create 1,500
units of new housing each year.

Recent projects funded by the HSF in the Berkshires include the Lee Central
School, which will have 37 units of affordable housing; the Mohawk Forest
Project in North Adams which will have 20 units of housing; and the Union/ Rand
SRO project, which will have 39 units of housing. Statewide, 6,522 units of
housing have been preserved or produced with the HSF. In 2004, $700,000 in AHTF
funds supported the Pine Woods project in Stockbridge, which is sponsored by
Construct Inc. This project is a 30-unit mixed-income [25 affordable] rental
development that will include 1,000 square feet of community space. Between 2001
and 2006, more than $92.1 million was spent on these funds statewide to preserve
or produce more than 4,916 affordable housing units.

Additionally, the Legislature agreed that housing production within the
commonwealth has not kept pace with the growing number of households looking for
an affordable place to live. To help meet this demand, the commonwealth adopted
Chapter 40R, also known also known as "Smart Growth Zoning Districts," to allow
cities and towns to encourage housing production in cities and towns aligned
with the principles of smart growth. Communities that choose to create these
districts will receive funds through housing incentive programs.

In Fiscal Year 2005, the Legislature overrode Governor Romney's vetoes of the:
1. Residential Assistance for Families in Transition [RAFT] program, providing
$5 million to provide families with up to $3,000 in flexible funds to help them
to stay housed or move into their next home, thereby preventing homelessness; 2.
$2.5 million for the Soft Second Mortgage Program, which increased the
opportunities for first-time homebuyers to purchase a home by providing a
conventional first mortgage and a second mortgage that is interest -- only for
10 years. The program has assisted 7,700 households since it began in 1990.

In 2004, MassHousing created a $100 million Priority Development Fund which
utilized: [a] $75 million for mixed-income communities where at least 25 percent
of the units are affordable to low-income persons; [2] $22 million for the
construction of mixed-income housing units around transit nodes; and [3] $3
million to be allocated for comprehensive planning for communities looking to
develop affordable housing plans consistent with smart growth principles.

We hope that this letter has addressed some of your concerns regarding the
Legislature's action on housing. While we would contend that there is much more
to do, we also feel that the recent actions of the House in particular are a
considerable start as the state begins to emerge from the long fiscal crisis.

DANIEL BOSLEY

DENIS E. GUYER

"SMITTY" PIGNATELLI

CHRISTOPHER SPERANZO

Boston, July 29, 2004

The writers compose the Berkshires' House contingent.

LOAD-DATE: August 7, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

   Copyright 2005 MediaNews Group, Inc. and New England Newspaper Group Inc.


                             354 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            January 12, 2015 Monday

Property Manager

LENGTH: 351  words

DATELINE: Arlington


National Defense Industrial Association has issued the following job release:


Job Summary

Company
    Multifamily Management Services LLC
Location
    New York City, NY 10019
Industries
    Real Estate/[#x200b]Property Management
    Business Services - Other
    Construction - Residential & Commercial/[#x200b]Office
Job Type
    Full Time
    Employee
Years of Experience
    2+[#x200b] to 5 Years
Education Level
    Bachelor's Degree
Career Level
    Manager (Manager/[#x200b]Supervisor of Staff)
Job Reference Code
    MMSPM042014

Property Manager
About the Job

Industry-leading Affordable Property Management Company is looking to hire
experienced property management professionals to supervise the overall
operations of subsidized housing and tax credit multi-family, multi-site
communities in the New York Metropolitan Area, Rockland & Westchester
Counties.[#x200b]

Responsibilities:

·         Supervise and manage the work execution of property managers'
responsible for the day-to-day operations of various properties


·         Working knowledge of resident relations, rent collection, maintenance
oversight, staff management, client relations, subsidy voucher preparation,
income verification processing and routine compliance/[#x200b]regulatory agency
reporting.[#x200b]

Job Requirements

·         Seeking a committed individual with initiative and ability to lead a
team with efficient leadership and motivation; confident with an ability to work
with a positive approach under the most competitive and challenging conditions


·         Must have a minimum of 3 years experience in multi-site property
management (multi-family residences)


·         Must have experience in Section 8 voucher submission, tax credit and
OneSite software proficiency


·         Fee management, troubleshooting and supervision of at least 6
individuals


·         Ability to speak fluently both English and Spanish are all a plus

Compensation:

·        Competitive salary, commensurate with experience and abilities.[#x200b]
Respond with salary requirements


·         Inclusive benefits package

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: January 12, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             355 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            January 12, 2015 Monday

Property Manager

LENGTH: 351  words

DATELINE: Arlington


National Defense Industrial Association has issued the following job release:


Job Summary

Company
    Multifamily Management Services LLC
Location
    New York City, NY 10019
Industries
    Real Estate/[#x200b]Property Management
    Business Services - Other
    Construction - Residential & Commercial/[#x200b]Office
Job Type
    Full Time
    Employee
Years of Experience
    2+[#x200b] to 5 Years
Education Level
    Bachelor's Degree
Career Level
    Manager (Manager/[#x200b]Supervisor of Staff)
Job Reference Code
    MMSPM042014

Property Manager
About the Job

Industry-leading Affordable Property Management Company is looking to hire
experienced property management professionals to supervise the overall
operations of subsidized housing and tax credit multi-family, multi-site
communities in the New York Metropolitan Area, Rockland & Westchester
Counties.[#x200b]

Responsibilities:

·         Supervise and manage the work execution of property managers'
responsible for the day-to-day operations of various properties


·         Working knowledge of resident relations, rent collection, maintenance
oversight, staff management, client relations, subsidy voucher preparation,
income verification processing and routine compliance/[#x200b]regulatory agency
reporting.[#x200b]

Job Requirements

·         Seeking a committed individual with initiative and ability to lead a
team with efficient leadership and motivation; confident with an ability to work
with a positive approach under the most competitive and challenging conditions


·         Must have a minimum of 3 years experience in multi-site property
management (multi-family residences)


·         Must have experience in Section 8 voucher submission, tax credit and
OneSite software proficiency


·         Fee management, troubleshooting and supervision of at least 6
individuals


·         Ability to speak fluently both English and Spanish are all a plus

Compensation:

·        Competitive salary, commensurate with experience and abilities.[#x200b]
Respond with salary requirements


·         Inclusive benefits package

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: April 17, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             356 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           November 13, 2014 Thursday

Property Manager

LENGTH: 351  words

DATELINE: Arlington


National Defense Industrial Association has issued the following job release:


Job Summary

Company
    Multifamily Management Services LLC
Location
    New York City, NY 10019
Industries
    Real Estate/[#x200b]Property Management
    Business Services - Other
    Construction - Residential & Commercial/[#x200b]Office
Job Type
    Full Time
    Employee
Years of Experience
    2+[#x200b] to 5 Years
Education Level
    Bachelor's Degree
Career Level
    Manager (Manager/[#x200b]Supervisor of Staff)
Job Reference Code
    MMSPM042014

Property Manager
About the Job

Industry-leading Affordable Property Management Company is looking to hire
experienced property management professionals to supervise the overall
operations of subsidized housing and tax credit multi-family, multi-site
communities in the New York Metropolitan Area, Rockland & Westchester
Counties.[#x200b]

Responsibilities:

·         Supervise and manage the work execution of property managers'
responsible for the day-to-day operations of various properties


·         Working knowledge of resident relations, rent collection, maintenance
oversight, staff management, client relations, subsidy voucher preparation,
income verification processing and routine compliance/[#x200b]regulatory agency
reporting.[#x200b]

Job Requirements

·         Seeking a committed individual with initiative and ability to lead a
team with efficient leadership and motivation; confident with an ability to work
with a positive approach under the most competitive and challenging conditions


·         Must have a minimum of 3 years experience in multi-site property
management (multi-family residences)


·         Must have experience in Section 8 voucher submission, tax credit and
OneSite software proficiency


·         Fee management, troubleshooting and supervision of at least 6
individuals


·         Ability to speak fluently both English and Spanish are all a plus

Compensation:

·        Competitive salary, commensurate with experience and abilities.[#x200b]
Respond with salary requirements


·         Inclusive benefits package

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: November 14, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             357 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                        Contra Costa Times (California)

                             March 14, 2006 Tuesday

City council weighs condo conversion

BYLINE: Ryan Huff, CONTRA COSTA TIMES

SECTION: LOCAL; Pg. F4

LENGTH: 469 words


With a hot market for condos, landlords have been lining up at Concord City Hall
to learn how to convert their apartments into units they can sell.

City officials don't want a huge chunk of rental stock to disappear overnight,
so they've proposed an ordinance that would limit the number of converted units
each year and require 15 percent be sold below market price to buyers who meet
income guidelines.

Under new rules the City Council will consider tonight, no more than 5 percent
of Concord's multi-family rental units could be converted to condos each year.
For example, 450 of the city's 9,000 rental units could be converted this year
under the proposed guidelines.

"You want to have a stable housing market without shocks to it," said city
Housing Manager Amy Hodgett. "We don't want to see rents go bananas" for the
apartments that are left.

Other rules under the updated ordinance include giving residents first dibs on
buying units they live in and providing washer and dryer hookups in each condo.

Condominium conversions have become popular lately due to a soft rental market
and low interest rates, Hodgett said. More real estate investors are seeing
benefits in converting.

"Let's say you are sitting on a property and your rental income is not ripping
and your vacancy is a little higher than you'd like," she said.

"But you look across the street and see a guy with a for-sale project and he's
got lines around the doorstep with each open house."

Requiring affordable housing is one of the ordinance's key provisions. City
staff has proposed setting aside 15 percent of converted condos for low-income
and moderate-income households. A family of four with annual wages at or below
$66,250 would qualify as "low-income."

However, those who own affordable units would have to wait 45 years to sell at
market rates.

"This is not an opportunity to buy a piece of real estate and make a lot of
money fast," Hodgett said. "You get a place to live and raise your family and
have the benefits of home ownership."

Also, current residents would get 60 days notice before their landlords apply
for conversions. Those residents would also have the first chance to buy their
units and receive about a 7 percent discount on the purchase price.

The Corners Apartments near the Cal State East Bay campus last year started
renovating its 140 units to become condominiums -- the first such conversion in
decades for Concord.

The owners don't have to follow the new ordinance, although the city required it
to set aside 14 of its apartments for affordable housing.

Ryan Huff covers Concord and Clayton. Reach him at 925-977-8471 or
rhuff@cctimes.com.

The Concord City Council will discuss the condominium conversion ordinance at
its 6:30 p.m. meeting today at 1950 Parkside Drive. To read the ordinance, log
on to www.cityofconcord.org.

LOAD-DATE: March 14, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2006 Contra Costa Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                             358 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                     PR.com

                      December 23, 2016 Friday 6:30 AM EST

Leasing Angels, Inc. Defy the Odds Yet Again - Completes 239 Unit Tax Credit
Conversion Community Lease Up in 45 Days - Takes Community from 67% to 100%

BYLINE: Leasing Angels, Inc.

LENGTH: 566  words


Memphis, TN,  December 23, 2016 --(PR.com)-- Today Leasing Angels, Inc., a
residential match-making firm of single family and multi-family housing,
released details of their latest community lease up:

The Project: John Madison Exum Towers, an Elderly/Disabled Community located in
Memphis, TN

The Management Company: TESCO Properties, headquartered in Memphis, TN

The Co-Developer/Tax Credit Specialists: BlueGreen Preservation and Development,
LLC, headquartered in Los Angeles, CA

TESCO Properties brought in Leasing Angels, Inc. because of their proven track
record of success in extreme housing lease-ups to satellite manage the community
lease-up of John Madison Exum Towers, an Elderly and Disabled Low Income Housing
Tax Credit Conversion Project located in Memphis, TN. Leasing Angels, Inc.
acquired this contract on November 1st 2016 with a 100% occupancy deadline of
December 15th 2016.

From its satellite office, Leasing Angels, Inc. was able to conduct initial
applicant pre-qualifications in accordance to TESCO Properties tenant selection
criteria, credit/background check approvals in Onesite, process each approved
applicant in Onesite, attain all necessary documents for medical, financial and
identity verifications, generate all necessary documents to send the file to
compliance, correct compliance issues as required, complete all lease reviews
and signings with each new tenant and close each new tenant file by sending all
necessary and signed documents to compliance.

Leasing Angels, Inc. encountered numerous difficulties, including an entire
community rehabilitation, but none of which were not successfully and
consistently overcome.

Leasing Angels, Inc. President Nannette Bean explained, "With our quick and
careful assessment of the project, we were able to create and implement the
marketing and operational plan needed to meet the projected deadline. We
identified several key areas that needed to be addressed including the
property's online marketing presence, adequate social media marketing, lacked
community outreach and expert client customer service. Once those necessary
changes had been made, success was guaranteed. Leasing Angels, Inc. is built of
a team of customer service professionals, affordable housing experts,
multi-family and single family housing business managers and marketing gurus -
we are continuously successful because we understand what a successful project
should look like, feel like and generate monthly."

Brent Frost, Assistant Vice President of TESCO Properties, said, "We were highly
impressed with the ability of Leasing Angels, Inc. to not only quickly navigate
through and assess the needs of the property in regards to marketing, but more
importantly in regards to people - as a Senior (62+) and Disabled community we
have very specific criteria that applied to our applicants and their ability to
consistently and efficiently ensure acquisition of such, in so little of time,
is simply unheard of. They came highly recommended - now I understand why. They
truly are experts at what they do."

About Leasing Angels, Inc.

Leasing Angels, Inc. is a newly established residential match-making company
that provides a wide - range of property management services from multi-family
housing community lease - ups to single family housing portfolio lease ups. For
more information, please visit the company's website at: www.leasingangels.net.

LOAD-DATE: December 23, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


               Copyright 2016 PR.com, distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                             359 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                            The Santa Fe New Mexican

                          September 18, 2004, Saturday

Santa Fe, N.M., low-income rental development to rise from ashes as condos

BYLINE: By Bob Quick

LENGTH: 1450 words



A Rufina Street condominium project that morphed into what was planned as a
low-income rental development but then was abandoned for years and damaged in a
fire will soon be reborn as condominiums.

The project, on a 3-acre lot at the intersection with Henry Lynch Road, behind
Home Depot, has no name as yet but is being developed by Rufina Lofts, LLC, a
local company that bought the property. It was formerly known as Villa Grande
Apartments and before that as Village Gate Condominiums.

The fact that the project is going to be rebuilt at all is the result of years
of negotiations between bondholders intent on getting back as much as possible
of the $ 3 million they invested in the development, the bank serving as the
bondholders' trustee, a work-out group hired by the bank to find a construction
lender, a Dallas insurance company and a Santa Fe construction company called
Industrial Constructors.

And even now there are risks that the condominiums will not be completed on time
or budget and that the units will not be sold at the prices that will be asked,
a letter from the bondholders' trustee, US Bank, warned. Still, "no other
alternative was judged superior to return a greater recovery to bondholders,"
the letter said.

Jerry Powers, president of Industrial Constructors, is confident the
rehabilitation and sale of the condos will go ahead as planned.

"We will have some units to sell within 90 days," he said. "We expect to
complete the project within 1.5 years."

Powers said the two-bedroom units will sell for about $ 130,000, while the
three-bedroom apartments will be in the $ 150,000 range.

A neighborhood activist and Agua Fria Village resident, Olivia Tsosie, who has
long complained about the derelict project, said she was pleased renovation is
finally moving forward.

"It kind of looked like the Bronx and it increased the slum aura around there,"
she said. "I think it's wonderful that it's going to be rehabbed."

Powers said the development originally had 11 buildings with four units each.
One of those buildings burned down and will be rebuilt with the final four units
for a total of 44.

The units, some of which were built in 1995, are "structurally sound," although
structural improvements are being made to those buildings in which the interior
was exposed to the elements, Powers said. "We will fix whatever needs to be
fixed."

He added: "Everything has been reviewed by a structural engineer. We will add
courtyard areas, patios and decks." There also will be covered parking.

The addition of 44 condos to the city's housing stock received positive comments
from Mike Loftin, executive director of Homewise, a housing-assistance group.

"It's good someone is salvaging that project," he said. "It's a blight, and it's
been like that for a long time. I would like to see it less expensive, but given
where (Santa Fe real-estate) prices are now, it's not a bad deal."

In addition, the new development is "not taking apartments out of the rental
market," as has the recent condoization of such former apartment complexes as
Tierra de Zia, Zia Vista, Shadowridge (now The Reserve at Santa Fe) and Dos
Santos, Loftin said. "The fact that someone is ready to grapple" with a new
multifamily project "is good. It's all addition -- no subtraction."

Sharron Welsh of Santa Fe Community Housing Trust said her organization looked
at the project a couple of years ago with the idea of buying it for affordable
housing.

"But the debt was greater than the value in the ground," she said, and no deal
could be made.

The new condos will be sold through J.R. Ortiz at his Realty World-Enchanted
City Realty, a Santa Fe firm.

Former Santa Fe developer Paul Lokash started it all off in 1995 with a project
he called Village Gate Condominiums. Lokash built four units that he tried to
sell at prices ranging from $ 100,000 to $ 110,000. The original plan called for
15 buildings with 30 units.

Lokash later abandoned the project, Powers said, and another developer, Orlando
Montoya, formed Villa Grande Limited Partnership to take over the property.

Montoya approached the state Mortgage Finance Authority and tried to do a
low-income, tax-credit development. "We turned him down," said Jim Stretz,
former director of the MFA, now with the Arizona Family Housing Trust in
Scottsdale.

Montoya later turned to Santa Fe County with a request for $ 3 million in
multi-family housing revenue bonds, which the county authorized. The underwriter
for those bonds was Southern Financial Group.

(Although Santa Fe County authorized the bonds, it was not responsible for them
in any way.)

Individual investors bought the bonds, along with the tax credits that went with
them. Interest on the bonds was to be paid quarterly, and all the bonds were to
be redeemed by 2016. All of those payments and the final redemption of the bonds
presumed that Montoya would use the bond proceeds to build the apartments and
rent them out.

But it didn't happen that way.

Montoya's company defaulted on the bonds and later filed for Chapter 11
bankruptcy, leaving the bondholders and the investors who bought the tax credits
for the property in the lurch. Southern Financial also went broke.

That didn't surprise George Strickland, who runs the municipal bond portfolio at
Thornburg Investment Management in Santa Fe. "I remember that the project was
shopped around institutionally for a while," he said. "But no one wanted to
touch it. It was too speculative for us."

Strickland has no regrets that he didn't invest in the project. "'To me, it was
an accident waiting to happen," he said. "The project should serve as a warning
to investors who don't know how to evaluate a deal."

The failed project in August 2000 was taken over by a trustee, US Bank, which
engaged the services of Pivot Capital Group, a financial consultant, to help
bondholders try to recover some of the money they had invested in the condo
development.

At that time, the bonds were quoted at just 20 cents on the dollar and, as a
letter to bondholders from Pivot put it, "this matter looked pretty bleak in our
opinion. The project was uncompleted and 'red-tagged' by the city for code
violations. The underwriting firm was in bankruptcy. The assets of the
underwriting firm ... were controlled by an SEC trustee, and the partnership
entity that owned the project quickly moved for bankruptcy protection."

Following prolonged negotiations, however, US Bank and Pivot were able to gain
control of the unfinished project and considered selling it as it stood. The
problem was that the unfinished condos would probably have only resulted in a
recovery of 14 cents on the dollar for bondholders.

"Following investigation and consideration of options, we opined the highest
value to bondholders would most likely be generated from a completed project," a
report from Pivot said.

Among the reasons for that, the report said, was that there was "a real need for
the finished project in the Santa Fe market. In addition," a finished project
might be able to service new bonds."

More negotiations resulted in an agreement to sell the Villa Grande assets to
Rufina Lofts, a limited liability company, put together by Jerry Powers,
president of Industrial Constructors in Santa Fe. No new bonds were involved in
the transaction.

According to a letter to bondholders from US Bank, the informal bondholder
committee delivered to the trustee the approvals of the sale from bondholders
who held $ 1.9 million or about 66 percent of the $ 3 million in bonds
outstanding. The bondholders who owned the other 34 percent of the bonds did not
formally consent to the deal. But none of the bondholders objected to it.

After that approval, bondholders received $ 1 million as a "default distribution
of principal," representing 29 percent of the amount of principal (bonds) held
by bondholders.

The $ 1 million bondholders received came from a construction loan for the condo
project of $ 3.5 million from Liberty Bankers Life Insurance Co., a Dallas-based
insurance company. The rest of the loan will be used to rebuild the project.

The remaining money bondholders expect to receive -- about $ 1 million -- will
come after the first 29 condos have been sold and the $ 3.5 million construction
loan has been paid off. The total recovery for bondholders is estimated to be
about 60 cents on every dollar they invested. They received nothing in the
accrued interest payments due them.


-----

To see more of The Santa Fe New Mexican, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://ww.santafenewmexican.com.


LOAD-DATE: September 18, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

KR-ACC-NO: SF-CONDOS-20040918

JOURNAL-CODE: SF

               Copyright 2004 Knight Ridder/Tribune Business News
                    Copyright 2004 The Santa Fe New Mexican


                             360 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            December 23, 2016 Friday

Clifornia: League-Sponsored Bond Agency Issues $11 Million in Tax-Exempt
Affordable Housing Bonds in Vacaville

LENGTH: 382  words

DATELINE: New York



 Sacramento: League of California Cities, The State of California has issued the
followin news release:



   Some of the most significant benefits of League membership for cities since
1988 have flowed from the League's co-sponsorship of the California Statewide
Communities Development Authority (CSCDA).





 This program provides a variety of public agencies and developers access to
low-cost, tax-exempt financing and economic development tools. CSCDA recently
issued $11,000,000 in tax-exempt bonds for the multi-family affordable housing
for Rocky Hill Veterans Apartments in Vacaville.



 About Rocky Hill Veterans Apartments



 Rocky Hill Veterans Apartments is the new construction of 39 affordable housing
units by Community Development Partners (CDP). The benefits of the project for
the city of Vacaville and Solano County include the following:



     100 percent of the affordable rental housing units will be rent restricted
for low-income tenants;

     29 units are restricted for veterans (11 of which will serve chronically
homeless veterans); and

     The project consists of 11 one-bedroom, 15 two-bedroom, and 12 four-bedroom
units to house local residents, along with one manager's unit.



 CSCDA and CDP partnered with Citibank to provide $11 million in tax-exempt
multi-family affordable housing bonds for the project. The financing for the
project requires the affordability of units for low-income tenants to be
maintained for 55 years.



 Background



 CSCDA is a joint powers authority created in 1988 and is sponsored by the
League of California Cities® and the California State Association of Counties.
It was created by cities and counties for cities and counties. More than 500
cities, counties and special districts are program participants in CSCDA, which
serves as their conduit issuer and provides access to efficiently finance
locally-approved projects. CSCDA has issued more than $50 billion in tax exempt
bonds for projects that provide a public benefit by creating jobs, affordable
housing, healthcare, infrastructure, schools and other fundamental services.
Visit CSCDA's website for additional information on the ways in which CSCDA can
help your city.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content please contact:
editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: December 24, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             361 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                     The Idaho Business Review (Boise, ID)

                              June 10, 2002 Monday

Low-income housing demand seen rising

BYLINE: Brad Carlson

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 1047 words


The Idaho Housing and Finance Association, which funds affordable housing, sees
demand picking up in comparison to last year's slow start.

"The business for IHFA is up quite a bit for the calendar year, and we're very
pleased with that," said Gerald Hunter, executive director.

The nonprofit association -- which is not a state agency -- purchased $104.7
million in loans to first-time homebuyers through May, up from $59.3 million for
the first five months of 2001 and $84.5 million in the same period of 2000.

Using bond-issue proceeds, IHFA buys home loans originated by a network of 40
qualified Idaho lenders, and services them from offices that include its Boise
headquarters at Sixth and Myrtle streets. It serves more than 21,000 low- to
middle-income homebuyers.

Last year's slow economy was a factor in the drop from mid-2000, officials said.

But going into last year, Idaho Housing had anticipated a smaller "private
activity volume cap" -- or ability to issue tax-exempt bonds -- "so we took
steps to constrain the program," said Chief Financial Officer John Sager.

Congress subsequently restored that bonding capacity, and "for this year, the
cap is back to the amount where we can meet demand for our program," he said.
April through November is IHFA's most active period for buying loans, he added.

Idaho Housing was slated to issue more than $40 million in tax-exempt,
single-family mortgage bonds this week. About $37.5 million will be used to
purchase loans, and the rest will be used for reserves, and to cover the costs
of the issue, Sager said. Maturities for the AAA-rated bonds range from two to
31 years, annual interest rates from 2.65 to 5.5 percent.

IHFA loans have annual interest rates between 0.75 percent and 1 percent below
market rates, Sager said. Last week, the average interest rate on a 30-year IHFA
mortgage was 6.16 percent.

The association markets seven to eight bond issues each year, most in the $35
million range. It buys about $1 million in loans each day.

Idaho ranks fifth in the nation and first in the West in per capita home
ownership, Hunter said, adding: "We do take a certain amount of pride in that."

Some 72.4 percent of Idaho households own their home, compared to a national
average of 66.2 percent.

IHFA bought 2,572 loans last year, representing $203 million. That compared to
3,291 loans in 2000 worth a total of $257 million. The 1999 total of 2,897 loans
amounted to $226 million.

"We continue to expect that the single-family home ownership area will be
brisk," Hunter said. This will be a record year if the current pace of IHFA loan
buying continues, he said.

"We have seen an increase in demand for this loan product. Every year for the
past six years, except for 2001, we have grown," he said. Low interest rates
recently, and population growth over the past several years, have been factors.

Idaho Housing also makes loans, at below-market interest rates, to developers
and nonprofit sponsors of affordable apartment projects for families and
seniors. The association has permanently financed 73 developments (3,880 units)
around the state. Bonds issued for these projects have totaled $167.1 million.

"We bring public and private resources together for financing apartment
buildings -- a fairly large part of our business," said Hunter. "Unlike
single-family, people apply to IHFA, which has an underwriting team."

Single-family loans are the agency's largest business segment, followed by
multi-family housing finance. Rental assistance "is a large segment from a labor
point of view and a dollar point of view," he said.

Apartment projects in which IHFA is currently involved include the Berkshire and
Courtyards complexes in Nampa, Ashton Place in Caldwell, Sisters Villa in Eagle,
the Tramore senior apartments in Meridian, Valley Run Apartments in Kuna and
Shannon Glen in Garden City.

"There are some soft markets in Idaho, that for the rest of this year are likely
going to remain soft," said Hunter. "As we look at rental housing opportunities,
we're going to need to identify what is in need, and be careful."

IHFA is participating in a multi-family housing project in Rexburg, where the
local college's expansion from a two-year to four-year school increased the
city's housing needs.

Demand for apartments that house low-income residents tends to remain high even
when the general apartment market sees a period of excess vacancy, Hunter said.

Is there too much subsidized housing in Idaho?

"I don't think so," Hunter said. "In some cases, we have done a very good job as
a state in getting those opportunities out there. We have a lot of units in
moderate prices ranges that have taken some pressure off moderate-income
people."

Developments for tenants with very low incomes can be "difficult to finance,"
although "there will continue to be a need for very, very affordable rental
units," he said.

Idaho Housing also issues bonds for nonprofit facilities. Its bond volume for
nonprofits is small compared to its housing-bond volume, "but we think it's
noteworthy because it's a tool that has helped a lot of nonprofits," Hunter
said.

An IHFA bond issue last year helped build Melodee Thornton Mobile Home Park in
east Boise, where the Atlasta park was displaced. "That deal probably wouldn't
have been done without some additional help on the financing side," Hunter said.

The association has completed eight bond issues for nonprofits, representing $36
million overall, since 1997. Recipients of the proceeds included Albertson
College in Caldwell, the National Oregon-California Trail Museum in Montpelier,
Boise Family YMCA, the Snake River Montessori School in Idaho Falls, and
Wedgewood Terrace Assisted Living in Lewiston.

About $4.5 million worth of bond issues are expected to close in the next two
months for Idaho Falls YMCA, Nampa Charter School, and southwest Idaho Head
Start operator Friends of Children and Families.

For the fiscal year ended last June 30, IHFA had $121 million in gross revenue
including loan-servicing fees.

IHFA employs 128 -- essentially unchanged in the past year -- including 96 in
Boise. It has offices in Coeur d'Alene, Lewiston. Twin Falls and Idaho Falls.

LOAD-DATE: March 27, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Financing

                      Copyright 2002 Dolan Media Newswires
                                All Rights Reserved


                             362 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                   January 21, 1978, Saturday, Final Edition

Apartment Market;
Apartment Builders Look to Government;
Builders Look to Government for Assistance

BYLINE: John B. Willmann

SECTION: Real Estate; Real Estate Happenings; E1

LENGTH: 1127 words


Apartment construction is expected to increase slightly here this year,
exceeding the estimated 7,350 rental units created in 1977.

The number has increased each year since 1975, when only 2,324 rental apartments
were started in this area.  That figure is a shallow contrast to the record
40,638 multi-family units started hereabouts in 1965.

That year is usually remembered because of the many thousands of rental
dwellings built in Prince George's County.  Now Prince George's is encouraging
single-family construction - to the exclusion of apartments.

Although rent controls - actual or feared - have been blamed for the downturn in
apartment construction in this area, there are other reasons.  In the Private
market, construction and financing cost have become so expensive that most of
the large developers contend that it is almost impossible to "make the numbers
work out" unless there is a government interest or rental subsidy involved.

But another significant factor cannot be ignored.  In recent years the trend to
home ownership, including the construction and conversion of thousands of
high-rise and garden apartments to condominium ownership, has tilted the balance
between owners and tenants in residential housing.

It is estimated that 60 per cent of the area's 1 million units are
owner-occupied.  That leaves about 400,000 units in the rental category, which
has been decimated by condominium conversions as well as razings and
abandonments of deteriorating buildings.

The swing to home ownership in the 1970s has decreased both the rental housing
stock and the number of people who rent.  In the last few months, apartments
have taken longer than normal to be leased.  Some buildings that usually have
full occupancy have had vacancies.

And as usual, there is a shortage of low-income rental housing.  Generally, this
area maintains a strong occupancy factor, with vacancies under 4 per cent.

Among the local firms heavily involved in apartment construction is Construction
General Inc., of Silver Spring.  It is now leasing units at the $9.3 million,
Consulate high-rise at 2950 Van Ness St. NW, where monthly rents range from $365
to $575.

Construction General.  President Jack Y. Matthews says the apartments are
renting quickly.  FHA 221 (d)(4) insured loan financing was used on the
building, which was designed by local architect Arthur Cotton Moore.

The firm also has plans for a spring start on a luxury "air rights" apartment
over a parking garage at 1120 29th St. NW.  The project, called Georgetown Mews,
will be developed with the JBG Group.

In conjunction with Mt. Carmel Baptist Church, Construction General plans
another "air rights" mid-rise rental complex on a platform built over a portion
of 1-95 in the midtown block bounded by 2nd, 3d, I and K streets NW.  This
project, aided with federal rental subsidies, will include both apartments and
town houses.

Construction General also is completing the 238-unit, 16-story Centennial House
just west of Montgomery Mall for occupancy this summer.  Bucher-Meyers is the
architect.

Like other area builders, Matthews feels that either federally backed,
below-market mortgage interest funds, housing for the elderly, or Section 8
rental subsidy housing programs are generally necessary for a construction
project to make economic sense these days.

While 7.5 per cent, Brooke-Cranston mortgage support funds, made available in
1976 and 1977, accounted for many starts last year, that program has gone dry in
recent months.  Authority exists for more appropriations when HUD earmarks it
and some builders are optimistic that such money will be quickly released this
year.

Another Silver Spring firm of long standing, the Harkins Group, completed 1,418
apartment units in nine projects last year and plans starts of about 1,500 units
in 1978.Thomas P. Harkins, head of the firm, said that 263 rental units will be
built in the inner city.  The Harkins firm is completing two housing projects
for the elderly for the Montgomery County Housing Opportunities Commission and
another church-sponsored high-rise for elder people in Reston.

Harkins says the apartment market here is competitive and healthy - but not for
conventionally financed construction.

"Most of the apartment starts either have federal or state aid in financing or
federal insurance," he noted.

The Artery Organizations, Inc., based in Chevy Chase and headed by Henry
Goldberg, plans to complete 1,247 new rental units this year.  Several,
including Peppertree II in the Bel Pre area of Montgomery County and a 242-unit
complex in the Keene Mill and Rolling roads area of west Springfield, are now
being leased.

Goldberg said that the Peppertree apartments have fairly high rents, ranging
from about $320 to more than $400.

"Without tax shelters and subsidies, rents would be even higher," he said.  Many
of the new apartments are being occupied by two wage earners, Goldberg noted.

Joseph Horning, whose firm, Horning Brothers, builds almost exclusively in the
District, said that his current projects include 167 Section 236 rental units at
15th and H streets NE and the 46-unit Stoneridge II in Anacostia.  He also plans
to Section 8 rental houses along the H Street NE corridor.

The National Housing Partnership has been co-sponsoring rental housing in
Alexandria and has about 470 more units planned in the District.  One project
will be Campbell Heights, a 171-unit high-rise at 15th and U streets NW, where
the Dunbar Hotel once stood.

While the average rent for a one-bedroom apartment now is about $268 in this
area, new high-rise rental buildings require rents above average.  That's the
case with the Consulate at 2950 Van Ness.  It also applies to the high-rise
building and ajoining town houses that Gerard LaVay and Richard Donohoe are
planning for an eight-acre section of the Glover tract, south of American
University.

LaVay expressed confidence that his long quest for zoning approval would be
successful this year.  Rents will probably range from 60 to 70 cents a square
foot per month, he said, or more than $500 monthly for a large, one-bedroom
apartment.

As 1978 begins, the private apartment market is feeling the influence of recent
increases in all mortgage interest rates.

Comments mortgage specialist John Reilly: "There are many new apartment starts
and new units in immediate view, but the new upsurge in mortgage rates has to
cast a dubious shadow over projects being planned for the future."

Meanwhile, the Baltimore district of the Army Corps of Engineers and Titan
Atlantic Construction Corp. of Towson, Md., are currently completing 211 new
rental apartment and town house units at the Glen Haven housing site of Walter
Reed Army Medical Center.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Picture 1, Construction General, Inc. is building these apartments in
1300 block of Columbia Road NW with All Souls Unitarian Church and CHANGE, Inc.
The project, including a 10-story apartment building and town houses, is being
built under the federal 236 program for low-to moderate-income-tenants.; Picture
2, Monthly rents range from $365 to $575 at the new Consulate apartment building
at 2950 Van Ness St. NW., Photos by Charles Del Vecchio - The Washington Post

                       Copyright 1978 The Washington Post


                             363 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                   Inland Valley Daily Bulletin (Ontario, CA)

                            April 25, 2009 Saturday

Ontario OKs loan to aid homeless

BYLINE: Liset Marquez, Staff Writer

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 482 words


ONTARIO - The City Council has approved a loan to acquire and rehabilitate a
15-unit property on Francis Street for Mercy House to provide housing for
homeless people.

In the agreement, the council agreed to lease the 15 two-bedroom units to Mercy
House.

"This is significant because it will allow us to continue to provide affordable
housing," said City Manager Greg Devereaux.

When the city entered into a partnership with Mercy House in 2005, the main
objectives were to provide emergency shelter, transitional and permanent housing
, said Julie Bjork, the city's housing manager.

Up until the agreement was made last week, Mercy House had only 14 units of
permanent housing available, she said.

"Our goal is to have a full-service continuum of care," Bjork said. "It's
critical that a family can have transitional housing to permanent housing to
help them."

Aside from offering affordable housing, it will also help generate revenue for
homeless services, Bjork said.

The city used federal funds for the loans.

The net from rent will be about $98,000 per year.

"Any net from the properties will be used for homeless services and homeless
shelter area in the city," Bjork said.

The units are occupied, and the city is trying to minimize the impact on those
living there, she said.

An amendment has been made between the city and Mercy House regarding their Home
Investment Partnership agreement.

The amendment will direct $750,000 from federal funds to Mercy House. The funds
can be used for multi-family property and vacant land for the development of
multi-family rental housing.

At last week's meeting, the council also approved the guidelines the city will
have to follow when acquiring the defaulted properties using Neighborhood
Stabilization Program funds.

In response to the mortgage crisis affecting many communities, the federal
Department of Housing and Urban Development approved a program in March which
directs $73 million in funding.

Under that HUD program, funding will be given to cities to purchase foreclosed
properties that could cause blight to the community, Bjork said.

The city has been awarded $2.7 million and of that has directed $1.9 million to
use in conjunction with Mercy House on multi-family properties.

Among the guidelines the city will have to follow:

-Properties must have a minimum purchase discount of 15 percent of the appraised
value.

-The property must be unoccupied.

-The city's housing agency must have sufficient funds available for the
acquisition and rehabilitation of the property.

Currently, Ontario is looking through lists from banks of properties that have
been foreclosed. They are also working with other departments in the city to
identify the best properties to purchase, Bjork said.

"This will stabilize neighborhoods. get the properties rehabbed and make them an
asset rather than a detriment to the city," Bjork said.

LOAD-DATE: April 26, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2009 MediaNews Group, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             364 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             August 5, 2016 Friday

Washington: Sens. Warner, Kaine Announce Nearly $7 Million To Support Affordable
Housing Development In Virginia

LENGTH: 1757  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: Office of the Senator Tim Kain has issued the following news
release:



 U.S. Sens. Mark R. Warner and Tim Kaine (both D-VA) announced today that 18
initiatives led by local financial institutions and non-profits in Virginia will
receive $6.6 million from the Federal Home Loan Bank of Atlanta (FHL-Bank
Atlanta)'s Affordable Housing Program (AHP) to support affordable housing
development in Virginia.





 "Affordable housing is one of the bedrocks of economic security and financial
stability for American families," said Sen. Warner. "These funds will provide
valuable resources for existing housing networks in Virginia, which are already
on the ground working to provide individuals with a place to live that is within
their reach. This support will help revitalize local neighborhoods, create jobs,
and encourage economic development within the Commonwealth."



 FHL-Bank Atlanta is one of the 11 regional banks in the Federal Home Loan Bank
System, providing commercial banks, credit unions, savings institutions,
community development financial institutions, and insurance companies within
seven southeastern states, including Virginia, with a reliable source of funding
for affordable home mortgages and community lending. More information on
FHL-Bank-Atlanta can be found here.



 The 18 awardees and programs descriptions are listed below:



     Lindsay Hill: Lorton, VA



 Member: Burke & Herbert Bank & Trust Company. Sponsored by: Community Housing
Partners Corporation. Grant: $275,000 for 55 rental units. Total Development
Cost: $15,077,337.



 Description: AHP funds will go toward the adaptive-reuse of five existing
historic buildings within the Spring Hill Senior Community Located in Lorton,
VA. Lindsay Hill will serve seniors age 62 and older and individuals with
disabilities in Fairfax County.



     Washburn Place: Marshall, VA



 Member: Middleburg Bank. Sponsored by: Windy Hill Foundation. Grant: $500,000
for 30 rental units. Total Development Cost: $8,998,123.



 Description: AHP funds will be used in connection with the new construction of
a 30-unit family housing project in Marshall, VA. Rent for the units will be
affordable to households at 40, 50, and 60 percent of the area median income.



     Robinson Park: Harrisonburg, VA



 Member: Branch Banking and Trust Company. Sponsored by: Southeastern Housing
Preservation, Inc. Grant: $243,909 for 88 rental units. Total Development Cost:
$11,624,106.



 Description: AHP funds will be used for the new construction of 88 units of
affordable rental housing to families earning 50 and 60 percent of the area
median income. Upon completion, Robinson Park will be EarthCraft Platinum
certified.



     The Village at Rockbridge: Lexington, VA



 Member: Branch Banking and Trust Company. Sponsored by: Mark-Dana Corporation.
Secondary Sponsor: Virginia United Methodist Housing Development Corporation.
Grant: $325,000 for 64 rental units. Total Development Cost: $4,368,570.



 Description: AHP funds will go toward the rehabilitation of a 64 unit
affordable apartment property in Lexington, VA. Rehabilitation will include
replacement of roofing, water fixtures, cabinets, doors, flooring, windows,
appliances, and HVAC units.



     Cavalier Senior Apartments: Petersburg, VA



 Member: Bank of America, National Association. Sponsored by: Humanities
Foundation, Inc. Grant: $471,911 for 80 rental units. Total Development Cost:
$11,686,838.



 Description: AHP funds will go toward a new construction development located in
the City of Petersburg, VA. The development will consist of 80 garden style
apartments for seniors and will be a mix of one and two-bedroom units targeting
residents at 40, 50, and 60 percent of the area median income.



     Jackson Ward Senior: Richmond, VA



 Member: Capital One, National Association. Sponsored by: Community Housing
Inc.. Grant: $500,000 for 72 rental units. Total Development Cost: $13,757,488.



 Description: The Jackson ward Senior building is part of the multiphase
redevelopment of a low income senior public housing site in Richmond, VA. The
new building will contain 72 one bedroom units and will be built to Earth Craft
Platinum standards.



     New Clay House II: Richmond, VA



 Member: Union Bank & Trust. Sponsored by: Virginia Supportive Housing. Grant:
$500,00 for 80 rental units. Total Development Cost: $14,845,886.



 Description: AHP funds will go toward the renovation and expansion of an
affordable housing development for formerly homeless individuals in Richmond.
After the renovation and expansion, at least 55 units will be reserved for
formerly homeless individuals and the remaining units will be reserved for
individuals earning at or below 50 percent of the area median income.



     Creekside Manor: Henrico, VA

     Member: Branch Banking and Trust Company. Sponsored by: Mark-Dana
Corporation. Secondary Sponsor: Virginia United Methodist Housing Development
Corporation. Grant: $500,000 for 97 rental units. Total Development Cost:
$7,448,920.



 Description: AHP funds will go toward the rehabilitation of a 97-unit
affordable apartment property in Henrico, VA. Rehabilitation will include
replacement of roofing, water fixtures, cabinets, doors, flooring, windows,
appliances, and HVAC units.



     Village Green: Gloucester, VA



 Member: Branch Banking and Trust Company. Sponsored by: Southeastern Housing
Preservation, Inc. Grant: $168,736 for 32 rental units. Total Development Cost:
$3,227,197.



 Description: Village Green consists of the acquisition and rehabilitation of 32
existing multi-family units. Rehabilitation will include new windows, HVAC,
water heaters, appliances, roofs, siding, flooring, and improvements to
accessibility. Upon completion, the property will be EarthCraft certified.



     Cypress Landing: Chesapeake, VA



 Member: TowneBank. Sponsored by: Second Act Communities. Grant: $500,000 for 50
rental units. Total Development Cost: $10,448,624.



 Description: AHP funds will go toward the construction of an apartment
development containing 44 one-bedroom units and six two-bedroom units. The
development will serve very low-income disabled and/or homeless veterans.
Thirty-eight units will serve veterans who have incomes at or below 30 percent
of the area median income and the remaining 12 units will serve veterans who
have incomes at or below 50 percent of the area median income.



     King's Arms: Hampton, VA



 Member: The Old Point National Bank of Phoebus. Sponsored by: Hampton
Redevelopment and Housing Authority. Grant: $500,000 for 48 rental units. Total
Development Cost: $9,466,152.



 Description: AHP funds will be used for the construction of a 48-unit
affordable senior independent housing development consisting of garden style
apartments. The development will include housing for elderly veterans.



     Ada Park: Newport News, VA



 Member: Branch Banking and Trust Company. Sponsored by: Southeastern Housing
Preservation, Inc. Grant: $202,295 for 42 rental units. Total Development Cost:
$7,998,558.



 Description: AHP funds will be used for the construction of an affordable
housing development which will provide 42 units of rental housing to families
earning below 65 percent of the area median income.



     Belleville Meadows: Suffolk, VA



 Member: Capital One, National Association. Sponsored by: Community Housing
Partners Corporation. Grant: $300,000 for 128 rental units. Total Development
Cost: $14,322,493.



 Description: AHP funds will be used for the rehabilitation of an existing
affordable housing development in Suffolk, VA. Rehabilitation will include new
flooring, roofing, energy efficient windows, kitchen appliances, faucets, and
showerheads.



     Dale Homes Phase I: Portsmouth, VA



 Member: TowneBank. Sponsored by: Portsmouth Redevelopment and Housing
Authority. Grant: $500,000 for 146 rental units. Total Development Cost:
$22,907,475.



 Description: AHP funds will be used in connection with the acquisition and
rehabilitation of an existing 146 unit public housing development known as Dale
Homes Phase I and will be targeted to very low income families in Portsmouth,
VA. The project involves the conversion of public housing units under the Rental
Assistance Demonstration program.



     Dale Homes Phase II: Portsmouth, VA



 Member: TowneBank. Sponsored by: Portsmouth Redevelopment and Housing
Authority. Grant: $500,000 for 150 rental units. Total Development Cost:
$23,494,499.



 Description: AHP funds will be used in connection with the acquisition and
rehabilitation of an existing 150-unit public housing development known as Dale
Homes Phase II, and will be targeted to very low income families in Portsmouth,
VA. The project involves the conversion of public housing units under the Rental
Assistance Demonstration program.



     Homeownership and Hope- Virginia: various sites, VA



 Member: Union Bank & Trust. Sponsored by: Greater Lynchburg Habitat for
Humanity (*). Secondary Sponsors: Habitat for Humanity in the Roanoke Valley and
Farmville Area Habitat for Humanity, Inc. Grant: $199,500 for 20 ownership
units. Total Development Cost: $3,380,305



 Description: AHP funds will be used for the construction and rehabilitation of
single family homes across Virginia. Eleven of the units will be new
construction and nine will be rehabilitation of existing and vacant houses.



     Greater Charlottesville Habitat for Humanity: Charlottesville, VA



 Member: Union Bank & Trust. Sponsored by: Greater Charlottesville Habitat for
Humanity. Grant: $186,200 for 19 ownership units. Total Development Cost:
$3,003,788.



 Description: AHP funds will go for the construction of single family homes in
Charlottesville, Virginia. Habitat for Humanity reserves at least 25 percent of
its homeownership opportunities for residents of public housing or who have with
Charlottesville Redevelopment and Housing Authority Housing Choice vouchers. All
of the proposed new homes are accessible with at least one no-step entryway and
are built to ENERGY STAR® 3 specifications.



     Sun Valley Landings: Dublin and Radford, VA



 Member: Union Bank & Trust. Sponsored by: Community Housing Partners
Corporation. Grant: $246,333 for 42 rental units. Total Development Cost:
$5,326,516.



 Description: AHP funds will be used for the acquisition and rehabilitation of a
scattered site development of two properties. Sun Valley Landings will serve low
income households earning at or below 50 percent and 60 percent of the area
median income.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: August 6, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             365 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Deming Headlight (New Mexico)

                           September 23, 2012 Sunday

Affordable housing project breaks ground on northside

BYLINE: For the Headlight

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 459 words


ALBUQUERQUE - USDA Rural Development State Director Terry Brunner was in Deming,
New Mexico Tuesday to help break ground and celebrate the construction of the
$5.4 million Sierra Vista Apartment Complex, the newest apartment complex being
built in that southwestern community.

During the celebration Brunner told the audience, "Not only will this project
provide housing for 24 families, it is also contributing to our nation's
economic recovery because of the construction jobs it created and the permanent
jobs that will be filled to operate the facility."

Brunner added: "For more than 60 years, USDA has worked to increase
homeownership opportunities for rural Americans whether it is a home loan or
funding the construction of an apartment complex, and I can guarantee you the
Obama administration will continue to support these types of projects throughout
rural America."

USDA Rural Development provided the funding for the construction of the 24-unit
complex through a $1,000,000 loan through its Multi-Family Housing Program. The
rest of the funding was made through the tax credit proceeds by the New Mexico
Mortgage Finance Authority in the amount of $4,426,694.

Also being built at the apartment complex will be a manager's unit, a common
area for use by tenants, and two centrally located playgrounds.

By next summer, residents will be able to occupy their new homes when the
construction of the apartment complex is expected to be completed.

For additional information on RD projects, please visit Rural Development's new
interactive web map featuring program funding and success stories for fiscal
years 2009-2011. The data can be found at:
http://www.rurdev.usda.gov/RDSuccessStories.html.

President Obama's plan for rural America has brought about historic investment
and resulted in stronger rural communities. Under the President's leadership,
these investments in housing, community facilities, businesses and
infrastructure have empowered rural America to continue leading the way -
strengthening America's economy, small towns and rural communities.

USDA's investments in rural communities support the rural way of life that
stands as the backbone of our American values.

President Obama and Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack are committed to a smarter
use of federal resources to foster sustainable economic prosperity and ensure
the government is a strong partner for businesses, entrepreneurs and working
families in rural communities.

USDA, through its Rural Development mission area, has an active portfolio of
more than $172 billion in loans and loan guarantees. These programs are designed
to improve the economic stability of rural communities, businesses, residents,
farmers and ranchers and improve the quality of life in rural America.

LOAD-DATE: September 23, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Ground was broke last Tuesday for the Sierra Vista Apartments, a
24-unit affordable housing project on Deming s northside. Support services for
people with disabilities will make up 20 percent of the units, with 19 that will
offer rental assistance which will not surpass 30 percent of a persons income.
On hand for the ground breaking were, from left, Martha Long, Jennifer Delaney,
Terry Brunner, Rick McInturff, Jeff Curry and in the background, Jerry Welch.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


          Copyright 2012 Deming Headlight, a MediaNews Group Newspaper
                              All Rights Reserved


                             366 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            December 23, 2016 Friday

Clifornia: Third Round of Proposition 41 Funds Available for Veteran Housing and
Homelessness

LENGTH: 422  words

DATELINE: New York



 Sacramento: League of California Cities, The State of California has issued the
followin news release:



   The Department of Housing and Community Development (HCD), in collaboration
with the California Housing Finance Agency and California Department of Veterans
Affairs (CalVet), recently announced the availability of approximately $75
million in funding for veterans and their families under the Veterans Housing
and Homeless Prevention Program (VHHP).





 This is the third round of funding available to communities throughout
California through the Notice of Funding Availability (NOFA) pursuant to Chapter
727, Statutes of 2013 and Proposition 41 (2014).



 Approximately $65 million is available for the development of affordable
multi-family rental housing containing permanent supportive housing units,
transitional housing units or affordable housing units. Awards will be made to
qualifying developers and nonprofit entities to construct, acquire,
rehabilitate, or preserve affordable multi-family housing for veterans and their
families.



 As part of the funding, and in accordance with Chapter 44, Statutes of 2016,
$10 million is reserved for the construction or rehabilitation of transitional
housing or shelter facilities that provide services to homeless veterans. Funds
will be awarded to programs or counties that demonstrate need, focus on
long-term solutions, include mental health and addiction treatment services, and
have proven long-term effectiveness.



 California voters approved $600 million in 2014 to build housing for homeless
veterans. HCD, CalVet, and the California Housing Finance Agency were tasked
with jointly managing and developing the guidelines for how the funds would be
expended.



 The objective of the VHHP is to develop housing for our veterans at risk of
homelessness or experiencing temporary or chronic homelessness. To date, $176
million has been awarded to 45 developments through the first two NOFA
application cycles. When complete, these developments will provide more than
1,500 housing units for veterans, including 900-plus units for homeless
veterans.



 Additional funds will be released annually until all of the $600 million is
exhausted, with an objective of addressing the housing needs of low-income
veterans and reducing veteran homelessness in California. Geographic
distributions intend to focus on areas with the largest concentrations of
veterans in need.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content please contact:
editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: December 24, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             367 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            December 23, 2016 Friday

Clifornia: Third Round of Proposition 41 Funds Available for Veteran Housing and
Homelessness

LENGTH: 422  words

DATELINE: New York



 Sacramento: League of California Cities, The State of California has issued the
followin news release:



   The Department of Housing and Community Development (HCD), in collaboration
with the California Housing Finance Agency and California Department of Veterans
Affairs (CalVet), recently announced the availability of approximately $75
million in funding for veterans and their families under the Veterans Housing
and Homeless Prevention Program (VHHP).





 This is the third round of funding available to communities throughout
California through the Notice of Funding Availability (NOFA) pursuant to Chapter
727, Statutes of 2013 and Proposition 41 (2014).



 Approximately $65 million is available for the development of affordable
multi-family rental housing containing permanent supportive housing units,
transitional housing units or affordable housing units. Awards will be made to
qualifying developers and nonprofit entities to construct, acquire,
rehabilitate, or preserve affordable multi-family housing for veterans and their
families.



 As part of the funding, and in accordance with Chapter 44, Statutes of 2016,
$10 million is reserved for the construction or rehabilitation of transitional
housing or shelter facilities that provide services to homeless veterans. Funds
will be awarded to programs or counties that demonstrate need, focus on
long-term solutions, include mental health and addiction treatment services, and
have proven long-term effectiveness.



 California voters approved $600 million in 2014 to build housing for homeless
veterans. HCD, CalVet, and the California Housing Finance Agency were tasked
with jointly managing and developing the guidelines for how the funds would be
expended.



 The objective of the VHHP is to develop housing for our veterans at risk of
homelessness or experiencing temporary or chronic homelessness. To date, $176
million has been awarded to 45 developments through the first two NOFA
application cycles. When complete, these developments will provide more than
1,500 housing units for veterans, including 900-plus units for homeless
veterans.



 Additional funds will be released annually until all of the $600 million is
exhausted, with an objective of addressing the housing needs of low-income
veterans and reducing veteran homelessness in California. Geographic
distributions intend to focus on areas with the largest concentrations of
veterans in need.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content please contact:
editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: December 24, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             368 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


            Colorado Springs Business Journal (Colorado Springs, CO)

                            March 23, 2011 Wednesday

Colorado Springs moves ahead despite U.S. House vote to kill Neighborhood
Stabilization Program

BYLINE: Jonathan Easley

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 273  words


The U.S. House might have voted to kill the third round of funding for the
Neighborhood Stabilization Program last week, but the Colorado Division of
Housing is moving ahead on the program in case the bill doesn't pass the Senate
or is vetoed by the President.

The Neighborhood Stabilization Program provides funding to cities for purchases
of foreclosed and abandoned properties for the purpose of rehabilitating them
into affordable housing. Colorado Springs has already invested the $3.9 million
it received from the first round of funding, and the city is slated to receive
another $1.4 million from the program's final round of funding later this year.

Assuming the $1.4 million grant is not rescinded, the Colorado Division of
Housing has requested proposals for redevelopment projects in Colorado Springs.

Greccio got a little kickstart in the process this week - the Department of
Local Affairs awarded the non-profit $23,500 to conduct due diligence for the
acquisition and rehabilitation of multi-family rental units in Colorado Springs.

Applications are due by Friday, May 20.

As I reported last week, Greccio Housing and the Pikes Peak United Way are
working with the Colorado Springs Housing Development Division to scout
abandoned houses and apartment buildings where the money might be put to good
use.

Greccio was the beneficiary of the first round of funding, and used it to
purchase and renovate the Bentley Commons condominiums. The condos were built in
2005 but were abandoned by the developer and never occupied. Greccio has since
transformed the units a 100-percent occupied affordable housing complex for low
income tenants.

LOAD-DATE: March 30, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Government activity

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2011 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved


                             369 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          February 11, 2015 Wednesday

Property Manager

LENGTH: 351  words

DATELINE: Arlington


National Defense Industrial Association has issued the following Job Vacancy:


Job Summary

Company
    Multifamily Management Services LLC
Location
    New York City, NY 10019
Industries
    Real Estate/[#x200b]Property Management
    Business Services - Other
    Construction - Residential & Commercial/[#x200b]Office
Job Type
    Full Time
    Employee
Years of Experience
    2+[#x200b] to 5 Years
Education Level
    Bachelor's Degree
Career Level
    Manager (Manager/[#x200b]Supervisor of Staff)
Job Reference Code
    MMSPM042014

Property Manager
About the Job

Industry-leading Affordable Property Management Company is looking to hire
experienced property management professionals to supervise the overall
operations of subsidized housing and tax credit multi-family, multi-site
communities in the New York Metropolitan Area, Rockland & Westchester
Counties.[#x200b]

Responsibilities:

·         Supervise and manage the work execution of property managers'
responsible for the day-to-day operations of various properties


·         Working knowledge of resident relations, rent collection, maintenance
oversight, staff management, client relations, subsidy voucher preparation,
income verification processing and routine compliance/[#x200b]regulatory agency
reporting.[#x200b]

Job Requirements

·         Seeking a committed individual with initiative and ability to lead a
team with efficient leadership and motivation; confident with an ability to work
with a positive approach under the most competitive and challenging conditions


·         Must have a minimum of 3 years experience in multi-site property
management (multi-family residences)


·         Must have experience in Section 8 voucher submission, tax credit and
OneSite software proficiency


·         Fee management, troubleshooting and supervision of at least 6
individuals


·         Ability to speak fluently both English and Spanish are all a plus

Compensation:

·        Competitive salary, commensurate with experience and abilities.[#x200b]
Respond with salary requirements


·         Inclusive benefits package

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: February 11, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             370 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                  The Register-Herald (Beckley, West Virginia)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             July 30, 2009 Thursday

W.Va. gets $16.5 million for housing

BYLINE: The Register-Herald, Beckley, W.Va.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 395 words


Jul. 30--West Virginia is getting $16.5 million in this year's federal stimulus
package to jump-start affordable housing projects, Sen. Robert C. Byrd, D-W.Va.,
announced Wednesday.

Money for the housing was provided through the $2.25 billion American Recovery
and Reinvestment Act and approved by the Department of Housing and Urban
Development, allowing state finance agencies to resume rental housing projects
in all 50 states.

"This money will re-energize the construction industry and provide for the
production of thousands of housing units stalled by the current recession," Byrd
said.

"Not only will the funding allow those who are less fortunate to afford a roof
over their heads, but it will create jobs across West Virginia -- especially in
the construction industry, which has been hit hard in these tough economic
times."

Rep. Nick Rahall, also D-W.Va., said lower income families are feeling the
squeeze in a struggling economy.

"Not only do we know what having a home means to West Virginia families, but we
also recognize that every cent we spend for affordable housing is an investment
in our local economics and stronger communities," he said.

Normally, tax credits provide an incentive for investors to provide developers
with cash to build multi-family rental housing for low-income families.

Yet, as the credit market shrinks, traditional investors have been reluctant to
invest, and the value of tax credits has fallen, leaving some 1,000 projects in
limbo.

"Housing is a basic need that every American citizen has a right to obtain,"
Byrd said.

"This funding will promote the development of housing for those that need it
most,"

Sen. Jay Rockefeller, also D-W.Va., said the money will lead to more homes for
families in need.

"This will help spur housing construction, create jobs and help strengthen our
local communities, and that's a good thing," he said.

"This money comes at a good time and I hope it is put to use quickly."

To see more of The Register-Herald or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.register-herald.com. Copyright (c) 2009, The Register-Herald,
Beckley, W.Va. Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For
reprints, email tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or
847-635-6550, send a fax to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group
Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave., Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: July 30, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20090730-WZ-W-Va-gets-16.5-million-for-housing-0730

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: WZ


                                 Copyright 2009


                             371 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

              Copyright 2013 GlobalData Ltd., All Rights Reserved
                         GlobalData - Company Overview

                                August 22, 2013

                               The Related Group

                            315 S Biscayne Boulevard
                                Miami,  FL 33131
                                 United States

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *


   The Related Group is a real estate development company. The company builds
condominiums, multi-family residential developments, mixed-use properties and
attainable housing. It classifies its business into condominium development,
market rate rentals, affordable housing, international, acquisitions, retail and
mixed use, sales and marketing, construction management, property management and
related companies. The Related Group along with its group companies offers real
estate development and financing, sales and property management. The company
operates through its group companies including Related Asset Advisors, The
Related Companies, Fortune Construction Company, TRG Management and Related
International. Its currently selling properties include Icon Bay- Miami,
Florida; One Ocean-Miami Beach, Florida; Beachwalk- Hallandale Beach, Florida
and Millecento- Miami. The company's current rental apartments under development
include Pier House- Tampa, FL; The Manor in Plantation; Doral View- Miami and
Flagler village. Its retail projects include The shoppes at Park Square; McKay's
Mill Village; The Shoppes at Cary Creek and Pecan Promenade. The Related Group
is headquartered in Miami, Florida, the US.


* * * * * * * * * * OTHER AVAILABLE REPORTS * * * * * * * * * *
Business Description                    Company Overview
Company Statement                       History
Investments                             Key Employee Biographies
Key Employees                           Key Facts
Major Products and Services             Top Competitors

 * * * * * * * * * * NOTE * * * * * * * * * *

   GlobalData uses a range of research techniques to gather and verify its
information and analysis. These include primary research, in-house knowledge and
expertise, proprietary databases, and secondary sources such as company
websites, annual reports, SEC filings and press releases. Disclaimer: No part of
this publication may be reproduced, stored in a retrieval system or transmitted
in any form by any means, electronic, mechanical, photocopying, recording or
otherwise, without the prior permission of the publisher, GlobalData. The facts
of this report are believed to be correct at the time of publication but cannot
be guaranteed. Please note that the findings, conclusions and recommendations
that GlobalData delivers will be based on information gathered in good faith
from both primary and secondary sources, whose accuracy we are not always in a
position to guarantee. As such GlobalData can accept no liability whatever for
actions taken based on any information that may subsequently prove to be
incorrect .

LOAD-DATE: August 22, 2013


                             372 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     The Capital Times (Madison, Wisconsin)

                             July 25, 2006 Tuesday
                                  ALL EDITION

MIDDLETON PROJECT GETS STATE LOAN;
WILL PROVIDE MIXED-INCOME HOUSING

BYLINE: By Christopher Michaels Correspondent for The Capital Times The writer
retains the copyright for this article

SECTION: METRO; Pg. C3

LENGTH: 466 words


The Wisconsin Housing and Economic Development Authority has approved up to a $3
million construction loan and other lending for a 50-unit mixed-income family
development in Middleton.

The director's loan committee of WHEDA approved the loan July 20 to developer
Nakoma Development LLC, Madison, for the Parmenter Circle property at 2310
Parmenter St. The development will include 40 units to be rented at below-market
rates, to tenants who rank between 30 and 60 percent of the Dane County median
income level, according to documents related to the project provided by the
developer and WHEDA.

Kate Blood, WHEDA senior underwriter, said Parmenter Circle may fill a shortfall
in available affordable housing in Middleton, with no other tax-credit projects
in the city and no other land available for multi-family projects. The
development would also be an additional housing option once about 100 rental
units in Middleton are converted into condominiums, she said.

The loan, with an anticipated closing date in November, will finance
construction anticipated to be completed in August 2007. Once the construction
loan is paid off, a permanent loan of up to $1.96 million with a 15-year term
and 30-year amortization will activate. Nakoma Development has also obtained a
loan of up to $665,000 from John Deere Credit and federal tax credits allocated
by WHEDA.

Among other provisions, the developer must provide a $647,000 letter of credit
to cover construction contingencies, and WHEDA will not fund more than 85
percent of the rent-restricted market value of the development.

Blood said the development will offer property and unit amenities competitive
with similarly priced housing developments, and estimates affordable housing
rents will average $150 per month less than its closest market competitor,
Valencia Place Apartments.

Units will be available in zero, one, two or three bedrooms, with floor plans
ranging from 504 to 1,388 square feet. Proposed rents are between $323 and
$1,016 per month.

The development, located north of University Avenue, will consist of a
four-story apartment building with an elevator, free surface parking and
underground parking available. Other amenities include a fenced yard with
playground, community patio with grill, a business center and storage lockers.
Unit amenities in the secure building will include a washer and dryer and
dishwashers.

WHEDA says the development will be served by bus routes that Madison Metro and
the city plan to extend to Parmenter Street by the end of this year.

General contractor for the project is Horizon Construction Group Inc., Verona.
Oakbrook Corp., Madison, is the property management firm.

Three single-family homes and a 12-unit apartment building will be demolished to
make room for the development, according to WHEDA.

LOAD-DATE: July 26, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2006 Madison Newspapers, Inc.


                             373 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                      Orange County Register (California)

                             January 6, 2013 Sunday

Affordable housing plan brings objection

BYLINE: Andrew Galvin Register writer, The Orange County Register

SECTION: LOCAL; Pg. B

LENGTH: 834 words

DATELINE: SANTA ANA



HIGHLIGHT: Orange County supervisors clash at meeting over a proposal to place
low-income households into single-family residences.


  It was a classic Shawn Nelson moment.

The county supervisor, who represents north Orange County, can be
discomfortingly direct in public meetings, speaking up about things that others
might prefer were left unsaid.

The concern he raised at the Dec. 18 Board of Supervisors meeting is familiar to
anyone who has worked to create affordable housing - especially for larger
households - in ZIP codes where the cost of shelter is well above average.

"Imagine the first five-bedroom home in Aliso Viejo where a 13-member household
rolls in," Nelson said. "Five-bedroom homes don't show up in a lot of
neighborhoods. ... You need to go into existing neighborhoods where people spent
a lot of money for their castle, and the county's going to come in and subsidize
a five-bedroom in a very nice neighborhood.

"I think the surprise factor for the recipients on that street needs to be
considered," Nelson continued. "Talk about sticker shock - it'd just be a
game-changer on whatever street that happens to be."

A pair of supervisors - Janet Nguyen and Pat Bates - in April formed an ad hoc
committee on affordable housing, encouraging the county's housing staff to
"think outside the box" now that redevelopment money is no longer available.

Karen Roper, director of community services, came back with a proposal under
which private developers would get funding to buy and rehabilitate single-family
houses for use as affordable housing. Duplexes, triplexes and four-plexes would
also be eligible for the proposed $2.5 million pilot program, which would
provide rental homes for families with incomes of 50 percent or less of the area
median income.

While the county's housing subsidies have typically flowed into multifamily
buildings - that is, apartments - Roper pointed out that single-family houses
have also been eligible.

Under a program known as neighborhood stabilization, developers acquired
foreclosed or abandoned properties in neighborhoods that had high rates of
foreclosure or abandonment. In Orange County, 28 such properties - mostly
condos, but some detached dwellings - were purchased by developers for use as
affordable housing.

Larry Haynes, executive director of Mercy House, a nonprofit that provides
housing and other services, wasn't present at the Dec. 18 Board of Supervisors
meeting. Told later about Nelson's remarks, Haynes said, "I do think the
supervisor has a really good point."

Adverse reactions from neighbors are hardly uncommon when affordable housing is
created. Mercy House's practice is to listen to those concerns and address them
through what Haynes calls a "good-neighbor policy."

Under the neighborhood stabilization program, for instance, Mercy House acquired
a four-bedroom, single-family house in Orange. Initially, the nonprofit planned
to place four people with mental-health difficulties in the house. After
neighbors objected, Mercy House changed course. It now plans to put a family
with children in the house, Haynes said.

"I think he's asking all the right questions," Haynes said of Nelson. "My guess
is we can address those concerns."

Nguyen had a different reaction. "Shawn likes these sound bytes," she said in an
interview. "There's not many families with 13 members, for crying out loud."

Of more than 49,000 households on the county's waiting list for the Section 8
rental assistance program, some 3,672 have five or more members, Roper said.
Only one - the largest on the list - has 13 members.

Most of the 2,500 multifamily units financed or developed by the county since
1999 have one or two bedrooms. Only one has four bedrooms and none have five or
more, yet there's a need for larger units to house bigger households, Roper
said.

The cost to acquire a single-family home under the proposed pilot program would
be capped at $510,000, Roper noted.

Nguyen points out that with the end of redevelopment, the county staff projects
that just $1.2 million annually will be available to subsidize new affordable
housing. A typical multi-family conversion costs about $1.7 million, whereas the
same amount could purchase up to three single-family homes, Nguyen said.

Meanwhile, the county has to meet federal targets for affordable-housing
creation. That's why the ad hoc committee challenged staff to think outside the
box, Nguyen said.

"These are homeless individuals, they are disabled, mentally ill, seniors and
the poor here in Orange County," Nguyen said. "We can sit here and debate what
to do with a million dollars or do something to help the people of Orange
County."

Nelson isn't persuaded, although he says he's "not closed-minded" about it.

"When you start getting to a point where it's not just subsistence houses but
you're looking at five-bedroom houses, you just have to scratch your head and
wonder are we using our money in the best possible manner," he said in an
interview.

Unable on Dec. 18 to get the votes to kill the proposal, Nelson settled for
postponing it. It's scheduled to come up again at the board's Jan. 29 meeting.



agalvin@ocregister.com

LOAD-DATE: January 7, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: FILE PHOTOS: ORANGE COUNTY REGISTER

DOCUMENT-TYPE:  Story

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2013 Orange County Register
                              All Rights Reserved


                             374 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                  New Orleans City Business (New Orleans, LA)

                           October 15, 2014 Wednesday

Early stages of Iberville redevelopment near completion

BYLINE: Robin Shannon, Reporter

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 559  words


The first new apartments being built at the site of the former Iberville public
housing development are expected to be complete by the end of the year,
according to the developers behind the project.

Josh Collen, vice president of development for HRI Properties, told the city's
Industrial Development Board on Tuesday that contractors are nearing the halfway
point in construction of the first two phases of units being built on the site.
Phases one and two involve three multi-family buildings, three townhouse
complexes and the redevelopment of eight of the 16 historic Iberville structures
that were spared from demolition last year.

HRI is working with the Housing Authority of New Orleans and St. Louis,
Missouri-based McCormack Baron Salazar on a $600 million plan to revitalize
Iberville and its surrounding neighborhood. The project is being financed
through assorted tax credits, federal rebuilding money from Hurricane Katrina, a
$30.5 million grant from the U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development
and a payment in lieu of taxes, or PILOT, from the IDB.

The first units in the off-site portion of the project opened earlier this year
when HRI completed a $35 million renovation of the former Texaco office tower on
Canal Street into 112 apartments for senior citizens. Collen said that building
is almost fully occupied.

The first two phases of the on-site work, which are being built simultaneously,
include 225 apartment units. Collen said residents will be a mix of former
Iberville residents, low income families and market rate renters.

"Former Iberville residents will get first preference, but as we saw with the
opening of the Texaco Building, most of the new tenants were seniors coming from
other parts of the city," Collen said. "A lot of former Iberville residents have
been happy with the vouchers they were granted when they had to relocate prior
to demolition. We could see the same situation with the on-site units, but those
residents have the right of first return. "

He added that developers hope to attract employees who will be hired at
University Medical Center and the Veterans Affairs hospital that will open in
Mid-City next year.

Collen said renovation of the historic Iberville buildings will be complete by
the end of this year and the townhouse buildings will follow right behind that.
Units will be ready for occupants by February or March once new infrastructure
is laid out.

Collen also said HRI expects to receive a notice to proceed on the third phase
of the project by year's end. It includes renovation of two historic buildings,
one new townhouse building and a multi-family building with 4,000 square feet of
commercial space fronting Basin Street.

The entire Iberville project will create 880 housing units, including 304 public
housing replacement units, 315 market-rate units and 261 "work force" units for
households with income less than 60 percent of the area median family income.
Demolitions brought down 59 of the 75 brick multiplexes, and the remaining 16
are being renovated.

Woodward Design+Build is the general contractor for the rebuilding project,
which Manning Architects designed.

To sign up for free CityBusiness Daily Updates, click here.

http://www.neworleanscitybusiness.com/be-the-first-to-know/ Click here for more
from this resource.

© 2014 Dolan Media Newswires. All Rights Reserved.

LOAD-DATE: October 21, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: General news

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2014 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved


                             375 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                            Legal Monitor Worldwide

                           December 21, 2013 Saturday

Tenants in Pr. George's building slated for demolition say they are being
evicted illegally

LENGTH: 623  words


Tenants at an apartment building proposed for demolition in District Heights
have filed a complaint with the county's housing development office, claiming
that owners have allowed the property to deteriorate, failed to repair the heat
and threatened to illegally evict them.


The complaint, filed Dec. 9 by the Maryland Legal Aid office on behalf of a
tenant, alleges that the sale of Parkway Heights apartment building also failed
to meet the Prince George's County "Rental Conversion" law, which was passed in
July to help remedy the shortage of affordable rental housing in the county. The
law requires an owner selling a multi-family building with 20 or more units to
provide a written notice of the sale to each tenant and to the director of the
Department of Housing and Community Development, giving the county a first right
of refusal to buy the property.
"The circumstance at Parkway Apartments is exactly what the law sought to
address and development plans will result in the displacement of a significant
number of county residents from affordable rental housing," said Sabrina Ware, a
supervising attorney for Maryland Legal Aid.
The garden-style apartment complex, which is located in the 4300 block of
Forestville Road in District Heights, was sold in August 2012 for $2.8 million
to a group of owners who identify themselves as "4357 Forestville Road Owner,
LLC." The complex, which is made up of three buildings, is set to be demolished
to make way for construction of a driveway into an industrial complex in an area
slated for development of the Andrews Federal Campus, a secure business complex,
and a Washington Metropolitan Area Transit Authority garage.
Jessica Nunez, a spokeswoman for the owners, denied the allegations, arguing
that the 4357 Forestville Owner, LLC bought Parkway Apartments nearly a year
before the county passed the affordable housing legislation.
"Everything the owners did was in accordance with the law at that time," Nunez
said. "Those requirements did not exist when they did the purchase. That new
code was not enacted until 2013. The building owner obtained a business license
shortly after purchasing the property," Nunez said. "Tenants were then notified
of the new ownership and management."
Eric C. Brown, director of the Prince George's County Department of Housing and
Community Development, said the sale of the Parkway apartments appears to have
occurred before the county's conversion of rental housing law was passed, "which
was prior to the enactment of the county's right of first refusal. Had it been
in place at that time, this is something we could have acted upon."

Brown said in response to questions about the deterioration of the property,
"Everybody deserves to have decent, safe and sanitary housing. The county frowns
upon landlords who do not maintain their property."
The building owners denied they were allowing its deterioration. "The building
owner is continuing to manage the property," Nunez said, "and is in daily
contact with the remaining tenants to provide quality housing conditions."
Since November, Nunez said the building owners and property management company
have received no new requests for repairs, a comment the tenants denied. The
management company has been working with tenants to help them relocate, she
said.
"They really are trying to do everything that helps these tenants move and
relocate," Nunez said.
The owners have filed an action against some remaining tenants for non-payment
of rent. But Ware said tenants were instructed by the property management
company not to pay rent.
A hearing on the issue that was scheduled in District Court in Hyattsville has
been continued. <p class='syndigate_disclaimer'>© 2013 Legal Monitor Worldwide.

LOAD-DATE: December 21, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1258


                     Copyright 2013 Legal Monitor Worldwide
              Provided by Syndigate.info, an Albawaba.com company
                              All Rights Reserved


                             376 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            August 29, 2013 Thursday

Section 538 Guaranteed Rural Rental Housing Program for Fiscal Year 2013

LENGTH: 383  words

DATELINE: Washington


Office of the Federal Register has issued the following notice:

Action

Notice; Amendment.
Summary

The Rural Housing Service (RHS) is amending a Notice published May 23, 2013 (78
FR 30854-30860). This action is taken to extend the eligible properties to
include Rural Development financed Farm Labor Housing properties. This amendment
is to ensure that all eligible properties are included.
Correction

In the Federal Register May 23, 2013, in FR Doc. 2013-12325, on page 30857, the
first column, first paragraph, is amended to read as follows:

Also eligible is the revitalization, repair and transfer (as stipulated in 7 CFR
3560.406) of existing direct Section 515 and Section 514/516 Farm Labor Housing
(FLH) (transfer costs are subject to Agency approval and must be an eligible use
of loan proceeds as listed in 7 CFR 3565.205), and properties involved in the
Agency's Multi-Family Preservation and Revitalization (MPR) program. Equity
payment, as stipulated in 7 CFR 3560.406, in the transfer of existing direct
Section 515 and Section 514/516 FLH, is an eligible use of guaranteed loan
proceeds; however, the amount of funding available for transfers of existing
Section 515 and Section 514/516 FLH properties involving equity payments will be
limited to 25 percent of the FY 2013 funding level through July 31, 2013 * * *

On page 30858, under the heading "Data element" the 18th data element is amended
to read Revitalization, Repair, and Transfer (as stipulated in 7 CFR 3560.406)
of Existing Direct Section 515 and Section 514/516 FLH or MPR.

On page 30859, in the third column, under the heading "Priority 6" is amended to
read: Responses for the revitalization, repair, and transfer (as stipulated in 7
CFR 3560.406) of existing direct section 515 and section 514/516 FLH and
properties * * *

On page 30859, in the third column, under the heading "Priority 7" is amended to
read: Section 515 Rural Rental Housing and Section 514/516 FLH
Projects--Projects in which Section 538 funds will not be used to finance new
construction of Section 515 Rural Rental Housing or Section 514/516 FLH projects
* * *

Table of Contents Back to Top

Correction

Dated: August 20, 2013.

Richard A. Davis,

Acting Administrator, Rural Housing Service.

For more information please visit: https://www.federalregister.gov/

LOAD-DATE: August 29, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             377 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Effingham Daily News (Illinois)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                              May 12, 2015 Tuesday

Developer returns to Plan Commission Tuesday with third version of controversial
housing plan

BYLINE: Tony Huffman, Effingham Daily News, Ill.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 468 words


May 12--Developer Keith Hartman returns to the Effingham Plan Commission on
Tuesday for the third time in an attempt to build multi-family properties near
Hendelmeyer Park.

The development drew criticism at previous meetings from neighbors who live in
Woodland Heights Subdivision. Commissioners have cited neighbors' concerns about
multi-family properties near single-family dwellings as one of the reasons to
vote against the zoning change Hartman needs.

Hartman has touted the need for quality townhouse-style properties for rent and
sale in Effingham. He noted that the multi-million dollar development will add
property tax revenue to the local tax roll.

In an effort to appease the residents and commissioners, Hartman reduced the
number of units from 44 to 32 and committed to "transition properties" that
would have been duplexes between the proposed development and the subdivision.
Many Woodland Heights residents spoke against development. Commissioners voted
3-1 against the zoning at the last meeting.

Residents had nearly all the commissioners' attention when it came to what they
thought were dangers from the zoning change. Many concerned citizens pointed out
that multi-family properties in the area around Hendelmeyer Park have created a
blight on Woodland Heights Subdivision. If the project fell through, many were
concerned that the zoning change to multi-family would allow for additional
government-subsidized housing in the area. Others added traffic already congests
the area.

The agenda for Tuesday's meeting at 6 p.m. in the City Hall Chambers outlines
changes to Hartman's proposal. It notes that the site is now zoned "non urban,"
but that Hartman seeks areas zoned for multi-family dwellings and for single
family residences.

The property is now a large open field just to the south of the Ron Diehl
Center. Under Hartman's latest plan, lots one and two would contain four
buildings with 16 multi-family condominiums. The third tract would contain 10
single family homes, according to Hartman, who declined further comment about
the multiple attempts at zoning until a final decision is made.

Woodland Heights resident Linda Richards informed the commission at the last
meeting it wasn't the development she resisted, but the kind of construction.

"We would really like that area to stay single family," said Richards.

The report by the Engineering Department said the lots meet all the appropriate
street, sanitary and water requirements. It noted drainage easements may be
needed for the area.

Tony Huffman can be reached at 217-347-7151 ext. 138 or
tony.huffman@effinghamdaliynews.com or on Twitter@Ednthuffman.

___ (c)2015 the Effingham Daily News (Effingham, Ill.) Visit the Effingham Daily
News (Effingham, Ill.) at www.effinghamdailynews.com Distributed by Tribune
Content Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: May 12, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20150512-EF-Developer-returns-to-Plan-Commission-Tuesday-with-third-version-of-c
ontroversial-housing-plan-0512-20150512

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: EF


                      Copyright 2015 Effingham Daily News


                             378 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The Capital (Annapolis, MD)

                            January 31, 2012 Tuesday

Letter to the Editor

SECTION: Pg. A10

LENGTH: 198  words


Affordable housing

I have to disagree with The Capital's opinion (Jan. 20).

In a Utopian world there would be no need for affordable housing. Perhaps in
some ideal world affordable housing would miraculously exist. However, we live
in a modified capitalist economy where there is little economic incentive to
provide decent quality affordable housing.

It is desirable for government to encourage the provision of goods and services
that are for the good of society that our capitalist economy will not naturally
provide. Decent quality affordable housing is one of those goods. Almost all of
the affordable rental housing in Maryland has substantial waiting list of
prospective tenants.

Gov. Martin O'Malley's proposal provides tools that private developers need to
provide decent quality affordable housing. O'Malley's proposal is a proven way
to provide affordable housing.

The Capital should be applauding the governor rather than criticizing and
proposing unproven unworkable ideas.

SPENCER J. LEECH III

Annapolis

(The author is vice-president / general manager of Severn Construction Company,
a commercial general contractor that renovates and builds affordable
multi-family apartment projects.)

LOAD-DATE: January 31, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


              Copyright 2012 Capital Gazette Communications, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             379 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                      Copyright 2016 Zoom Information Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                            Zoom Company Information

                                   July 2016

                          The Housing Partnership Inc

                          333 Guthrie Green  Suite 404
                             Louisville,  KY 40202
                                 United States

* * * * * * * * * * COMMUNICATIONS * * * * * * * * * *
TELEPHONE: (502) 585-5451
URL: www.wearehpi.org

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
EMPLOYEES: 35

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *

   The Housing Partnership is an entrepreneurial corporation that provides
technical consultation and assistance for housing development using low-income
and historic investment tax credits, site management of land development and
construction and assistance with collaborative financing of community
development projects. A finance committee comprised of ten local lending
institutions and the Kentucky Housing Corporation provide financing for
creditworthy development projects. An equity fund provides investments in
multi-family rental developments. Financial counseling, homebuyer and
foreclosure prevention training programs are provided by a home ownership
program.

LOAD-DATE: July 14, 2016


                             380 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             July 9, 2016 Saturday

California: League-Sponsored Bond Agency Issues $29.6 Million in Tax-Exempt
Bonds for Affordable Housing Apartments in Oxnard

LENGTH: 383  words

DATELINE: New York



 Sacramento: League of California Cities, The State of California has issued the
followin news release:



   Some of the most significant benefits of League membership for cities since
1988 have flowed from the League's co-sponsorship of the California Statewide
Communities Development Authority (CSCDA).







 This program provides a variety of public agencies and developers access to
low-cost, tax-exempt financing and economic development tools. CSCDA recently
issued a total of issued $29,559,000 in tax-exempt multi-family affordable
housing bonds for Las Cortes Apartments in Oxnard.



 About Las Cortes Apartments



 Las Cortes Apartments is the new construction of 144 affordable housing units
by Urban Housing Communities (UHC). The benefits of the project for the city of
Oxnard and Ventura County include the following:



     100 percent of the affordable rental housing units will be rent restricted
for low-income tenants;

     The project will bring new economic vibrancy to the area;

     The project replaces outdated 1950s era public housing; and

     The project consists of 48 one-bedroom, 42 two-bedroom, 39 three-bedroom,
and 15 four-bedroom units to house local low-income residents.



 CSCDA and UHC partnered with Bank of America to provide $29,559,000 in
tax-exempt multi-family affordable housing bonds for the project. The financing
for the project requires the affordability of units for low-income tenants to be
maintained for 55 years.



 Background



 CSCDA is a joint powers authority created in 1988 and is sponsored by the
League of California Cities® and the California State Association of Counties.
It was created by cities and counties for cities and counties. More than 500
cities, counties and special districts are program participants in CSCDA, which
serves as their conduit issuer and provides access to efficiently finance
locally-approved projects. CSCDA has issued more than $50 billion in tax exempt
bonds for projects that provide a public benefit by creating jobs, affordable
housing, healthcare, infrastructure, schools and other fundamental services.
Visit CSCDA's website for additional information on the ways in which CSCDA can
help your city.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content please contact:
editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: July 10, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             381 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          Australian Financial Review

                           December 13, 2007 Thursday
                                 First Edition

Westpac backs urban apartment group

BYLINE: Robert Harley

SECTION: PROPERTY; Pg. 44

LENGTH: 486 words


Three property entrepreneurs, backed by Westpac Funds Management, are planning
to revolutionise Australian housing investment, with what could become a $1
billion network of inner- and middle-ring city apartment communities across the
country.

The three - Commonwealth Bank's former head of premium banking, Michael Katz,
and two experienced developers David Berry and Stewart Ewen, have formed a
residential development and management group, weLive.

"Our objective is to put rental stock into the market which is city-centred,
high-quality accommodation, offering value-add facilities and services with an
initial lease term of up to three years," Mr Ewen said.

Westpac Funds Management, which is building a residential investment funds
platform, will be a seed equity investor in the weLive projects.

"There is no institutional investment in the Australian residential market; we
think that is an opportunity," said the general manager of Westpac's specialised
capital group, Sean McElduff. "We think that what Stewart, Mike and David are
doing has legs. We need to prove up the concept but we have bought a couple of
properties."

Westpac is not the only group that can see the opportunities in Australia's
deepening shortage of housing accommodation.

In the US, institutional investment is well established in "multi-family"
housing.

Westpac is looking at a suite of investment products, including one based on the
recent acquisition of a $250 million Defence Housing Authority portfolio. But
Westpac and weLive will have to overcome the relatively low cash yields on
residential projects, particularly new inner-city housing.

"That is part of our secret," said Mr Ewen. "We believe we can deliver product
that can be very attractive to rental market.

"It's not cutting costs; it is working smarter and about building community."

The projects will not target low-income housing. Instead they will be aimed
squarely at 25- to 35-year-olds, and those over 55, who want to live close to
work and the city but want to invest in other assets besides expensive
inner-city housing.

"We will give them longer tenure with on-site management and a code of conduct,
so you can deal with issues and build pride into the property," he said.

Last week the group lodged a development application for its first project, a
$100 million complex of five buildings, with 308 apartments surrounding a large
courtyard at Victoria Park in Sydney's inner south.

The project, designed by Bates Smart and not for strata title, will have
hallmark environmental sustainability and include features such as a cafe, gym,
business centre, cinema, shops and studios.

"We would like to see a dozen major projects over the next five years," Mr Ewen
said.

KEY POINTS

* weLive plans to pioneer institutional investment in residential property.

* A banker and two developers have set up the group.

* Cash yields on inner-city residential property are still relatively low.

LOAD-DATE: April 6, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


             Copyright 2007 Fairfax Media Publications Pty. Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             382 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                   West Central Tribune (Willmar, Minnesota)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           December 18, 2010 Saturday

Community land trust creates affordable housing solution

BYLINE: David Little, West Central Tribune, Willmar, Minn.

SECTION: LIFESTYLE

LENGTH: 509 words


Dec. 18--WILLMAR -- The Westwind development is offering affordable
single-family housing opportunities as well as affordable rental housing.

Homeownership is more affordable because developer Southwest Minnesota Housing
Partnership established a "partnership community land trust'' for the nearly
17-acre development that's officially known as Westwind Estates Third Addition
Community Land Trust.

The Westwind Estates Third Addition Community Land Trust has townhomes for rent
and single-family homes for sale.

There are two distinct ownerships: the townhomes are owned by Westwind Estates
Townhomes Limited Partnership (of which Southwest Minnesota Housing Partnership
is the general partner) and the land for the single-family homes is owned by the
community land trust.

A community land trust is a nonprofit organization that acquires land and
removes it from the for-profit real estate market. Community land trusts hold
the land "in trust'' forever for the benefit of the community it serves by
ensuring that it will always remain affordable for homebuyers, according to
Southwest Minnesota Housing Partnership.

In addition to removing the price of the land from the purchase price,
homebuyers receive financial assistance from the community land trust to make
the home affordable. Homebuyers will in effect own their home but not the land,
explains Kristie Blankenship, Southwest asset manager.

The homebuyer enters into a ground lease that secures the use of the land. When
the homeowner wants to sell, an affordable sales price is determined based on a
resale formula.

The maximum income for purchase of a home is 80 percent of area median income.
For example, a family of 4 in Willmar has a limit of $50,550.

There are eight lots for single-family homes and two homes have been built; both
have 4 bedrooms and 2 baths with finished basement. The split foyer has 2,038
square feet and the rambler has 2,028 square feet.

No prices have been set. Southwest Minnesota is waiting for completion and an
appraisal, said Ali Joens, homeownership services director.

Blankenship said a public meeting will be held Jan. 11 to provide information
about the homes, sale prices and the community land trust.

Willmar is the first city in which the housing partnership has established a
community land trust.

"We have done other developments in different communities where we've done
multi-family and single- family within a subdivision,'' said Blankenship.

"Usually we're developing the single-family homes for an economic development
authority. In those cases, the homeowner would own the land as well as the
house. The purpose of the community land trust is it allows another level of
affordability,'' said Blankenship.

To see more of the West Central Tribune, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.wctrib.com. Copyright (c) 2010, West Central Tribune, Willmar, Minn.
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For more information
about the content services offered by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services
(MCT), visit www.mctinfoservices.com.

LOAD-DATE: December 18, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20101218-YM-Community-land-trust-creates-affordable-housing
-solution-1218-20101218

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: YM


                      Copyright 2010 West Central Tribune


                             383 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                              May 31, 2016 Tuesday

NAA, NAAEI Announce 2016 NAA Excellence Award Winners

LENGTH: 619  words

DATELINE: New York



 Oklahoma City: National Apartment Association has issued the following news
release:



 The National Apartment Association (NAA) is pleased to announce the 2016 NAA
Excellence Awards winners. The annual awards program--formerly known as the
PARAGON awards--recognize excellence and leadership in the apartment housing
industry, celebrating builders, industry professionals and affiliated apartment
associations that make unique industry contributions.





 Winners will receive their NAA Excellence Award at a ceremony during the 2016
NAA Education Conference & Exposition on Saturday, June 18, in San Francisco.
The NAA Community of the Year, chosen among the communities that won
category-specific NAA Excellence Awards awards listed below, will be announced
during the breakfast.



 Builders, Owners & Developers Awards



 Best Community, 1-5 Years (Up to 150 units) -- Cathedral Commons, Bozzuto,
Washington, D.C.



 Best Community, 1-5 Years (More than 150 units) -- Spyglass Rental Community,
Perimeter Realty, Jacksonville, Florida



 Best Community, 5-20 Years (More than 150 units) -- The Circle at Hermann Park,
Greystar, Houston, Texas



 Best Community, 20+ Years (Up to 150 units) -- Spring Brook Lofts, Star Pacific
Capital Management / Relik Realty, Houston, Texas



 Best Community, 20+ Years (More than 150 units) -- Arbor Lakes Apartments,
Marquette Management, Inc., Arlington Heights, Illinois



 Best Community, Specialty (Affordable Housing) -- St. Michael's Veterans
Center, Yarco Company, Inc., Kansas City, Missouri



 Best Community, Specialty (Military Housing) -- Tierra Vista Communities at
Peterson Air Force Base, WinnResidential Military Housing Services, Colorado
Springs, Colorado



 R.O.E. (Return on Energy) Awards



 Energy Retrofit Award -- ECO Modern Flats, Specialized Real Estate Group,
Fayetteville, Arkansas



 Energy Reduction Award (Common Area--Mid-Rise/Low-Rise) -- Heritage House,
WinnCompanies, Newburyport, Massachusetts



 NAA Individual Awards



 Independent Rental Owner (IRO) of the Year (100 units or less) -- Phillip
Basarabescu, Bellestone Villas Apartments, Houston, Texas



 Independent Rental Owner (IRO) of the Year (101-500 units) -- Mark & Teri
DaRonch and Jake Leatham, Mapletree Gardens Apartments, Houston, Texas



 Chris Christenson Association Executive of the Year -- Jim Wiard, Washington
Multi-Family Housing Association, Renton, Washington



 National Suppliers Council Achievement Award -- Eric Overhage, Multifamily
Services Group LLC, Alpharetta, Georgia



 NAAEI Designate Awards



 Professional Designate of the Year -- Chad Christian, NALP, CAM, CAPS, Winthrop
Management, Houston, Texas



 Certified Apartment Manager (CAM) of the Year -- Michael Garcia, CAM, CAPS,
Capstone Real Estate Services, Austin, Texas



 Apartment Maintenance Technician (CAMT) of the Year -- Thomas Baird, CAM, CAMT,
Winthrop Management, Conroe, Texas



 National Apartment Leasing Professional (NALP) of the Year -- Carla Katigbak,
NALP, Chestnut Hill Realty, Chestnut Hill, Massachusetts



 Certified Apartment Supplier (CAS) of the Year -- Ed Schell, CAS, HD Supply,
Denver, Colorado



 Affiliate Awards



 Communications Award -- Apartment Association of Greater Orlando



 Community Service Award -- Apartment Association of Greater Wichita



 Education Award -- Indiana Apartment Association



 Government Affairs Award -- Florida Apartment Association



 Membership Development Award -- Houston Apartment Association



 A list of all winners and details about each will appear in the June 2016 issue
of units Magazine.



 [Grid Graphics]



















 In case of any query regarding this article or other content please contact:
editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: June 1, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             384 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     News-Journal (Daytona Beach, Florida)

                             June 2, 2007 Saturday
                    Flagler/palm Coast News-tribune Edition

City leaders tackle affordable housing issue

BYLINE: KENYA WOODARD - STAFF WRITER

SECTION: SECTION A; Pg. 4A

LENGTH: 649  words

DATELINE: PALM COAST


PALM COAST -- Teresa Brown can't find a home she can afford in Palm Coast. A
credit manager for a paint supply company in Daytona Beach, Brown wants to put
the $815 she pays in monthly rent toward a home of her own.

Brown, who has rented a Palm Coast home for three years, said she likes the city
and wants to be close to her elderly parents. But finding a home that won't
overextend her budget hasn't been easy, Brown said.

It's very hard to find something affordable," she said. "There's nothing
reasonable."

A city-commissioned study completed by the Florida Survey Research Center at the
University of Florida gave city officials a similar message. The study -- based
on a survey of 1,598 workers of 15 local companies and agencies -- was released
this month and found that Palm Coast lacks affordable housing for purchase or
rent. The problem is especially challenging for low-income workers in retail and
day-care jobs but also affects professional, moderate-income workers like Brown,
the study said.

Flagler County's median income is $42,700. Jennifer Ingels, a senior planner for
Palm Coast, said the study was done to determine whether the city is meeting its
comprehensive goal to provide adequate and affordable housing. Despite the
recent cooling in the real estate market, the challenge of finding affordable
housing remains, according to Ingels.

Now things are a little bit different because housing prices are coming down,
but that still doesn't mean we won't have the problem again because we will,"
she said.

According to the study, multi-family rentals would give many low- to-moderate
income workers the "stepping stone" to homeownership. Affordable rental housing
could serve as a long-term solution for residents who have extremely low and
very low incomes, the study said.

The city could employ several strategies to create affordable housing, including
partnering with developers to create affordable rental housing, working with
Flagler County to use available state resources and identify local employers
willing to assist workers with down payments or rental deposits.

The survey's results, however, show the majority of lower-income workers desire
to live in single-family homes, which could jeopardize developers' construction
of affordable rentals, Councilman Alan Peterson said at a workshop meeting last
month.

(Lower-income workers) may not want to live in that kind of housing," he said.

Councilman Jon Netts agreed, saying ownership of a single-family residence is
"the American dream."

You can build all the apartments and condos you want, but that's not what these
people aspire to," he said. "They want to own their own home."

Barbara Revels, chairwoman of the Flagler County Housing Task Force, said the
high cost of land and low salaries contribute to the lack of affordable housing
in the city. The recent increase in impact fees also has hurt because those
costs often are passed on to the future homeowner, said Revels, who owns Coquina
Real Estate and Construction in Flagler Beach.

A builder shouldn't whine about it, but we know more and more people can't
afford that," she said.

To help, the task force put aside about $700,000 of future State Housing
Incentives Partnership money toward helping residents with down payments and
deposits, Revels said.

At the workshop, Netts said there may not be one solution.

It's a mix of opportunities," he said.

City Manager Jim Landon concurred, saying a city task force will work to analyze
the issue and come up with possible solutions.

This is a huge issue," he said. "You can't just put your finger on it and say
'push this button' to solve it."

What is SHIP?

The State Housing Incentives Partnership assists local residents, based on
household income, with down payments and avoiding foreclosure. For more
information, including eligibility and income guidelines, contact SHIP
coordinator Valerie Bradley at (386) 313- 4037.

LOAD-DATE: July 30, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

JOURNAL-CODE: DBNJ

                Copyright 2007 ProQuest Information and Learning
                              All Rights Reserved
                               ProQuest SuperText
                    Copyright 2007 News-Journal Corporation


                             385 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     News-Journal (Daytona Beach, Florida)

                               May 3, 2009 Sunday
                            Neighbors South Edition

City backs proposal for senior housing

BYLINE: JOHN BOZZO, JOHN BOZZO - STAFF WRITER

SECTION: NEIGHBORS; Pg. 1S

LENGTH: 677  words

DATELINE: PORT ORANGE


PORT ORANGE -- To help provide the elderly with affordable rental apartments,
the City Council has agreed unanimously to ship some of its share of a state
housing fund.

Nova Oaks, a proposed 72-unit affordable multi-family elderly rental housing
project at 1040 Herbert St., would receive $158,591.80 from the city's share of
funding from the State Housing Initiative Partnership, or SHIP. The funds are
taxes, collected by the state on housing documents, that are redistributed to
local governments.

Funding from the Port Orange SHIP account is contingent upon the developers
obtaining financing to build the project, including tax credits from the Florida
Housing Finance Corp.

The Florida tax credit program requires a contribution by the local government,"
said Nancy Jewel, senior city planner.

Port Orange cannot provide the entire amount from one year's SHIP funding, so
the support would be spread over two years.

In response to a question Tuesday on the state's financial difficulties, Jewel
said support is contingent on the state providing the SHIP funding to Port
Orange.

That part of our population is growing," Councilman Dennis Kennedy said of the
elderly. "One of the things I like about this is it does assist several folks. I
see it as potentially serving a need."

Councilman Bob Pohlmann said the apartment complex would be "extremely
worthwhile." The city recently approved spending $60,000 in SHIP funding for one
house, while support for the elderly apartments would work out to $5,000 per
unit.

I think it would really be an asset to that area," Pohlmann said.

Councilwoman Mary Martin said she has supported the project from the beginning.

It's easy for seniors to get out to where they want to go from there," she said.

Councilman George Steindoerfer said the elderly are a part of the city's
population that has been ignored.

I think this is really good," he said.

Mayor Allen Green said the only "negative thing I can see is traffic because
it's Herbert Street. It's just a terrible road."

City Manager Ken Parker listed potential benefits the project would bring to the
city in a memorandum.

Generally speaking, we have far less problems in senior adult multi-family
projects than we do with other types of multi-family units," he wrote.

The Herbert Street property is already approved for apartments in the city's
comprehensive land use plan and zoning.

Senior projects are generally better maintained than conventional apartments,
Parker wrote, although he added that many conventional apartments in Port Orange
are well-maintained.

Property taxes would increase after construction. The proposed construction site
is currently taxed as vacant land. After construction, the city might get more
than $40,000 in taxes. Overall, including the County and School District, taxes
would approach $200,000.

Port Orange would also receive franchise fees, public service taxes,
telecommunications taxes, as well as water, sewer and drainage fees. Water,
sewer, fire and recreation impact fees would also be paid to the city.

Senior projects have less of a traffic impact than conventional apartments.

Also, the developer would be required to make sidewalk improvements along
Herbert Street. Ultimately, the city would like to make improvements along the
entire length of Herbert Street from Nova Road to Silver Sands.

Many senior apartment complexes are self-contained, with clubhouses, pools and
exercise areas.

By investing in the elderly apartments, the city would be able to help more
people with its SHIP funding than it does through another program that provides
down-payment assistance to low-income, first- time homebuyers, the city manager
wrote.Parker also listed some downsides to the project.

Elderly residents typically require more Emergency Medical Service calls than
other projects, he wrote.

Approval leaves less money to fund other SHIP projects.

Another negative point listed by Parker was that in self- contained communities,
residents might lose a sense of belonging to the overall community.

We see this in some of the mobile home parks," he wrote.

LOAD-DATE: May 6, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH



CORRECTION:

JOURNAL-CODE: DBNJ

                Copyright 2009 ProQuest Information and Learning
                              All Rights Reserved
                               ProQuest SuperText
                    Copyright 2009 News-Journal Corporation


                             386 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       Florida Times-Union (Jacksonville)

                           September 28, 2008 Sunday

JACKSONVILLE JOURNAL

SECTION: Pg. B-2

LENGTH: 639 words


WOMAN HONORED FOR HER WORK ON CHILDREN'S BEHALF

Susan Main has been named a local Children's Champion by the North Florida
Association for the Education of Young Children.

Main, who has been executive director of the Early Learning Coalition of Duval
since 2000, also serves as the chair of the Association of Early Learning
Coalitions for the state of Florida.

A news release said the Early Learning Coalition has increased its budget by $20
million and its staff by 30 people since Main accepted the job. It oversees the
state-funded free Voluntary Pre-Kindergarten program, helps child-care centers
transition from custodial care to early learning care, helps families with
financial assistance and information about child care, as well as other early
learning initiatives.

"Susan and her staff have done a phenomenal job implementing the Guiding Stars
of Duval, which has improved many programs in Duval County and has increased the
quality of care for our children," Charlene Gross, vice president of
professional development for the Early Childhood Association of Florida, and an
NFAEYC member, said.

$25,000 GRANT TO HELP DISABLED WITH HOUSING

A new grant will allow Ability Housing, a Jacksonville nonprofit that focuses on
adults with disabilities, to continue providing affordable rental housing.

The $25,000 award from the Bank of America Charitable Foundation will help the
group with a 48-unit apartment building for families with children and youths
who are aging out of the foster care system. The group also recently acquired
Mayfair Village Apartments, an 83-unit complex on the Southside that is more
than 50 years old, rehabilitated it and began participating in the mayor's
Crime-Free Multi-Family Housing initiative.

The group estimates that the need for affordable rental housing for very low
income households will increase 21 percent by 2015 and 50 percent by 2030. For
more information, go to www.abilityhousing.org.

VOLUNTEERS HEAD FOR HAITI TO TRY TO HELP AFTER IKE

Five Jacksonville residents left Saturday for Haiti to work at a hospital and
offer some hurricane relief.

The volunteers will be in Milot, Haiti, for a week, working at Sacred Heart
Hospital through the Crudem Foundation.

One volunteer, Carol Fipp, said they have been told conditions in Haiti are
worsening in the aftermath of Hurricane Ike.

"The fuel situation is really dire," Fipp said. The plane taking the group from
Fort Lauderdale to Cap-Haitian will have to make a stop in Port-au-Prince
because there is no fuel available in Haiti, she said.

Fipp, whose father was a longtime volunteer for Crudem, and retired Jacksonville
nurse Pat Balanky will attempt to blog live from Milot at Jacksonville.com.

The group goes a few times a year to volunteer at the hospital. Before his death
in 2006, Fipp's father arranged for a Haitian girl to come to Jacksonville for
life-saving spine surgery, a story that touched the hearts of many when she made
it to the city in February 2007.

NELSON, OTHERS TO STUMP FOR OBAMA TODAY

Sen. Bill Nelson and three former governors will appear today in Baldwin and
Lake City to discuss Sen. Barack Obama's views on health care, water rights and
economic development along the Interstate 10 corridor.

Nelson will appear with former Florida Gov. Bob Graham, former South Carolina
Gov. Jim Hodges and former Mississippi Gov. Ray Mabus.

They are scheduled to appear at 12:15 p.m. at a community picnic at Larry M.
Carrol Park, 850 Center St. in Baldwin. They also are scheduled to appear at 3
p.m. at Olustee Park, 173 N.E. Hernando Ave. in Lake City.

Nelson and Hodges are to be at Jasper Park, 207 N.E. First St. in Jasper, at 5
p.m., and at Johnston's Barbecue, 1480 W. Washington St. in Monticello, at 7
p.m. Graham and Mabus are to be at High Springs Civic Center, 330 N.W. Santa Fe
Blvd. in High Springs at 5 p.m.

The Times-Union

LOAD-DATE: September 30, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2008 The Florida Times-Union


                             387 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Star Tribune (Minneapolis, MN)

                              July 18, 2011 Monday
                                 METRO EDITION

Displaced Peace House finds another 'place to belong'

BYLINE: TASNIM SHAMMA; STAFF WRITER, STAR TRIBUNE (Mpls.-St. Paul)

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 7A

LENGTH: 406 words



HIGHLIGHT: Final phase of a huge affordable-housing project forced the drop-in
center for the homeless to move.


The redevelopment of the fourth and final corner of Minneapolis' Franklin and
Portland intersection by a nonprofit affordable-housing developer will require
knocking down a century-old building known as the Peace House. But the drop-in
center for homeless people won't be homeless.

The Peace House, a lonely fixture on that corner in the Phillips neighborhood,
is set to move only a block and a half away next year. Aeon, a Twin Cities-based
affordable housing developer, plans to add 100 units in the area where the Peace
House now stands, adding to the hundreds it has already built in its South
Quarter project, formerly known as the Franklin-Portland Gateway project.

Pending funding from the city, county and other groups, Aeon will purchase the
Peace House property and present Peace House with a new building at Portland
Avenue and East 18th Street.

The Peace House was founded by Rose Tillemans of the Sisters of St. Joseph of
Carondelet in 1985. The two-story building is known for its colorful
mosaic-style mural made with mirror and tile pieces depicting a rainbow
expanding over flowers that spell out the phrase "A Place to Belong."

The new building will only have one level and is smaller in total square feet
than its current building, which has 2,900 square feet of space. But Jim
McKinney, chairman of Peace House's building committee, said the new design is
"laid out more to our needs."

The new facility will include a larger gathering space for the 100 or so
visitors it serves five days a week, and will have a kitchen and office space.

Aeon, in partnership with other Twin Cities nonprofits, has already built
housing on three corners at the once-troubled intersection for $30 million. This
will be the fourth corner and final phase of the project and is expected to cost
$33 million. It will be the country's first highly sustainable and affordable
multi-family housing development.

Aeon will offer affordable rental units to households earning $20,000 to $64,700
a year as well as market-rate rental units.

Gina Ciganik, vice president for housing development at Aeon, said she has
worked closely with the Peace House over the last decade and was especially
sensitive to their needs because the missions of their organizations overlap.

"With the help of local partners like Hope Community, we have transformed
blighted, vacant, crime-ridden and scary areas into thriving neighborhoods," she
said.

Tasnim Shamma - 612-673-7603

LOAD-DATE: July 18, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2011 Star Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved


                             388 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                         Portland Press Herald (Maine)

                     July 24, 2003 Thursday, Final Edition

Subsidized apartments planned for the elderly;
The proposed $5 million project in Windham would bring 48 units of much needed
elderly housing.

BYLINE: ELBERT AULL Staff Writer

SECTION: LOCAL & STATE; Pg. 1B

LENGTH: 647 words


The Windham Planning Board will review preliminary plans for a 48-unit,
federally subsidized housing complex for the elderly Monday. The proposal comes
just weeks after the release of a report underscoring the need for more
low-income rental housing in the town.

York-Cumberland Housing Development Corp., which already operates a 60-unit
subsidized housing complex in Windham, is proposing a $5 million, 40,000
square-foot apartment complex at the intersection of Route 115 and Sabbady Point
Road. The plan will be presented at 7 p.m. at the Windham Town Office.

Advocates of the proposal said the project is a needed response to long waiting
lists at similar apartment complexes throughout the area. Jay Waterman,
development director for York-Cumberland, said a waiting list at the agency's
other subsidized housing complex in town, New Marblehead Manor, shows there are
not enough affordable apartments in Windham.

Maine ranked last in the nation in multi-family housing development during the
1990s, Waterman said, driving housing prices higher and forcing Mainers on
retirement to spend a higher percentage of their income on rent.

Maine State Housing Authority statistics for 2002 corroborate his claim.

Nearly 50 percent of Portland-area renters aged 65 and over earn household
incomes less than $26,847 - half the median household income for the region.
Because the average cost of a one-bedroom apartment in the Portland market is
$743 per month, those households must, on average, spend over one-third of their
income on rent.

Rent at Unity Gardens Senior Apartments, the proposed development, would be 30
percent of a resident's income, Waterman said.

Town Councilor Thomas Bartell, who served on a housing advisory committee that
reported the need for low and middle-income apartment complexes in the area,
said another low-income elderly housing project - the town already has two -
would help ease a deficit in rental units that is expected to reach 120 in 2012.

The complex, however, will not help middle-income seniors who do not qualify for
subsidized housing.

"The key is the affordable rental units, the place where someone can go after
owning a home for a long time in Windham," Bartell said.

He said the lack of a town-wide sewer system impairs Windham's ability to
attract such housing. Only South Windham has a sewer system, so the number of
rental units a developer may build outside of that area is limited by the amount
of wastewater they produce, Bartell said.

"The sewer might by the key," he said. "When you, as a developer, have to buy
extra (land) to put a septic system on, that increases the cost of the project."

The additional cost of a septic system is eventually passed to the consumer,
Bartell said, and that means subsidized rental housing is too-often the only
affordable option for seniors in Windham. Consequently, middle-income renters
who do not qualify for subsidized housing have no place to go.

"There are people who are now living in homes that they either can't afford to
keep up, or really don't need. They'd like to move into something small, but
there isn't anything to rent that's smaller," he said. "There's a big gap in
what's available for them."

Bartell said the town may consider offering incentives to developers who offer
affordable apartments for middle-income residents, although the option has not
yet been officially discussed.

The Planning Board will walk the site of the proposed building Monday before
conducting its review at the meeting, said Town Planner George Dycio. The board
will hold a public hearing on the proposal some time in August before deciding
whether to approve it, he said.

If the project is approved, York-Cumberland will begin construction next spring,
Waterman said.

Staff Writer Elbert Aull can be contacted at 791-6335 or at:

eaull@pressherald.com

LOAD-DATE: July 24, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                 Copyright 2003 Blethen Maine Newspapers, Inc.


                             389 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                             National Mortgage News

                                 March 30, 1987

Building of Apartments Drops Off in Southwest

SECTION: Pg. 20

LENGTH: 271 words

DATELINE: DETROIT


Due to tax changes, apartment development in the overbuilt southwest is
"shutting off cold turkey," while elsewhere the "forces of inertia" are at work,
according to a survey by a publication of Lomas & Nettleton, Dallas.

"There may be fewer than 10,000 multi-family units permitted this year in all of
Texas -- compared to 70,000 two years ago and 160,000 in 1983," Charles W.
Wingo, executive vice president at L&N, says in the mortgage banker's U.S.
Housing Markets, published here.

"Elsewhere," he adds, "old financing commitments are being worked off, holdings
of apartment land will be built out."

Noting that the new tax law cuts off big tax breaks that rental property had
enjoyed, the report goes on to say that in some attractive markets, taxable
bonds and assistance from pension funds are being used for financing.

Only strong developers and prime projects are eligible for such assistance, the
report notes.

The survey also sees a trend toward rehabilitating older buildings on the east
coast, where high land costs make new apartments prohibitively expensive.

Many of the new apartments due this year are aimed at niche market, Mr. Wingo
says.

Washington, D.C., for example, will get 10,000 units of "mingles" -- two-bedroom
units with a bedroom and bath each on opposite sides of the living room.

A project in St. Louis will consist entirely of furnished one- and two-bedroom
units.

"Rent concessions are springing up -- but selectively -- in places they have
hardly ever been before," Mr. Wingo adds.  "In West Los Angeles.  In the Chicago
Gold Coast.  In Detroit's northwest suburbs."

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1987 National Thrift News, Inc.


                             390 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     The Daily Item (Sunbury, Pennsylvania)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                              May 24, 2015 Sunday

The Daily Item, Sunbury, Pa., Gary Grossman column

BYLINE: Gary Grossman, The Daily Item, Sunbury, Pa.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 776 words


May 24--East Buffalo Township's Planning Commission sprouted a flash crowd
Wednesday night. Planners reversed previous inclinations and voted against a
yet-to-be-defined residential component in the Penn House Commons development.
The crowd vaporized.

Nary a word needed to be spoken.

Seven days earlier, The Daily Item had published a story about approval for
affordable housing. It was a separate project, but adjacent to Penn House
Commons. If you count two to a bedroom, that concept would house just more than
100 folks.

"This will be a low-income housing complex in which residents will pay a portion
of the rent," said Bruce Quigley of the housing authority. "Those approved for
Section 8 housing could live at Penn Commons, though it is not intended strictly
for such clients."

Back to the Penn House Commons housing plan. Curiosity about that has had the
grapevine rustling in Lewisburg and neighboring townships for more than a year.
Would that, too, be Section 8?

Section 8 of the federal Housing Act of 1937 authorizes government assistance to
low-income families and individuals seeking better shelter.

You can locate Section 8 multi-family housing in almost any community by reading
the police blotter. Or you can look at the churn rate in the school population,
or check for detox maintenance centers.

I know how that sounds. Think of it as newspaper sociology.

My first newspaper series was about code violations in rental houses owned by a
councilman for the first ward in Stroudsburg, Pennsylvania. In New York City, it
was East Harlem -- reinforced metal doors and empty streets after sundown. In
Oneonta, New York, the poor area was called the flats, where wealth was measured
in junkers on blocks in the front yard. In Middletown, New York, cops patrolled
a perimeter around Linden Avenue. It was Church and Baker Streets in Salisbury,
Maryland, a few blocks from the police substation, where taxi cabs dropped
clients at an outdoor drug market and circled back to take them back to the
projects.

We trolled these places in search of headlines and found them.

Not all planned residential clusters have the same atmospherics. I recall a
shore community that made a point of catering to what they called "the
wellderly" -- financially well-off government retirees who played golf, dined
out early, drove gingerly, stayed home nights and bought an occasional hip
replacement.

Google affordable housing in Hyannisport. There was a listing inside the Kennedy
Compound, but not owned by the Kennedys, for $1.35 million. In Maine,
Kennebunkport had a three-bedroom, similarly priced, at $1.3 million, or a
mobile home for $210,000.

Affordable housing was forced upon Chappaqua, New York.

Chappaqua, with 9,400 residents, 91 percent white, has a median income of
$164,000, possibly skewed up by the resident multimillionaire Clintons, who are
the once and possibly future presidents next door.

The New York Times reported that "Chappaqua Station, as the $15 million,
four-story project is known, would be built in a weed-covered, third-of-an-acre
patch on Hunts Lane, squeezed between Metro-North Railroad tracks, an exit ramp
off the Saw Mill Parkway and a stone bridge over the tracks."

Chappaqua, accused of lying to the federal government about its compliance with
fair housing mandates, had to accept affordable housing as part of a settlement.

Author Michael Harrington published his study of poverty titled "The Other
America" in 1962. That was mass marketed as a photo essay by Life magazine in
1964, which helped galvanize support for Lyndon Johnson's war on poverty.

Globalization has more recently de-industrialized the working class into
poverty, drugs, prison, unemployability, single parenthood and headlines.

The people who bequeathed this great-ish society inhabit the other side of
America's apartheid, now posing as champions for a disappearing middle class.

Which brings us back to East Buffalo Township.

Susquehanna Valley Conservatives want residents of the greater Lewisburg area to
pack a township supervisor's meeting June 8, where the next round of sorting
this proposal will take place.

A spokesman for the conservatives made it crystal clear that their interest and
concerns have nothing to do with the incomes of the potential residents.

Rental populations -- publicly supported, "wellderlies", students, families with
children -- change the character of a community. It's not a topic people should
avoid.

Words need to be spoken.

Gary Grossman is the publisher of The Daily Item and The Danville News.

___ (c)2015 The Daily Item (Sunbury, Pa.) Visit The Daily Item (Sunbury, Pa.) at
www.dailyitem.com Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: May 24, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20150524-DN-The-Daily-Item-Sunbury-Pa-Gary-Grossman-column-0524-20150524

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: DN


                         Copyright 2015 The Daily Item


                             391 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                  The Register-Herald (Beckley, West Virginia)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             March 10, 2014 Monday

Measure will look at future housing needs

BYLINE: Wendy Holdren, The Register-Herald, Beckley, W.Va.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 523 words


March 10--BECKLEY -- The plan that will shape the future of the City of Beckley,
the 2014 Comprehensive Plan, is now ready for public review.

Over the past year, city officials, the steering committee and members of the
public have met with the Poggemeyer Design team to help create this 10-year
plan.

The Comprehensive Plan, a 19-chapter volume with more than 200 pages, focuses on
a variety of topics intended to help move the city forward, including housing,
transportation, recreation, financing and implementation.

Over the next few weeks, The Register-Herald will take a closer look at several
sections in the plan.

Housing

According to the plan, the demographics of Beckley have changed little between
2000 and 2010, with the latter Census reporting Raleigh County with a population
of 78,859.

Beckley is projected to have little to no population growth in the coming years,
with the exception of possible annexation. The plan estimates Beckley's
population will be 18,000 residents in 2030.

To better house the city's residents, the plan explores the West Virginia
Development Financing Program, which provides funding for many housing and
nonresidential development projects.

- Constructing Affordable Sensible Homes (CASH) is a program that encourages
builders and modular home dealerships to construct and market single-family
homes.

- The demolition program provides cities and counties with resources to acquire
and remove dilapidated properties from their communities.

- The HOME program helps expand decent, safe, sanitary and affordable housing
through rental properties and also expands the capacity of non-profit,
community-based housing development organizations.

- The Land Development Program provides fixed-rate loans to builders and
developers to buy land and install infrastructure improvements to create
buildable subdivision lots and commercial developments.

The plan also lists seven other programs that could potentially benefit Beckley.

More affordable housing, the conversion of single-family homes to multi-family
homes, more housing for the mentally and physically disabled are some focus
areas, according to the plan.

An aging population must also be considered in terms of housing, and the trend
of grandparents taking care of their grandchildren.

The final draft is available for review online at www.planbeckley.com. Copies
are also available at the following locations: the Municipal Building located at
409 S. Kanawha St., Monday through Friday, from 8:30 a.m. to 4:30 p.m.; Raleigh
County Public Library located at 221 N. Kanawha St., Monday -- Thursday, from 9
a.m. to 8 p.m., and Friday and Saturday from 9 a.m. to 5 p.m.; and at the City
Zoning Office, 203 S. Eisenhower Drive, Monday through Friday from 8 a.m. to 4
p.m. One copy will be available at each location and the copies may not be
removed from the properties.

A public hearing will be held Monday, March 24, at 4 p.m. at Council Chambers at
409 S. Kanawha St.

-- E-mail: wholdren@register-herald.com

___ (c)2014 The Register-Herald (Beckley, W.Va.) Visit The Register-Herald
(Beckley, W.Va.) at www.register-herald.com Distributed by MCT Information
Services

LOAD-DATE: March 11, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20140310-WZ-Measure-will-look-at-future-housing-needs-0310-20140310

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: WZ


                       Copyright 2014 The Register-Herald


                             392 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Victoria Advocate (Texas)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            February 12, 2012 Sunday

EDITORIAL: Housing project would benefit city at no cost

BYLINE: Victoria Advocate, Texas

SECTION: COMMENTARY

LENGTH: 454 words


Feb. 12--Most people know it's no secret that Victoria has a lack of housing and
lodging, especially since the Eagle Ford Shale drilling began. We need more
housing.

We urge the city council to seriously consider adopting three resolutions that
would increase the chances for an Indiana company to acquire federal housing tax
credits in competition with Corpus Christi and Ingleside. The city would incur
no monetary responsibilities for the proposed affordable housing project.

Indiana-based Pedcor Investments wants to build Stockbauer Landings Apartments
-- a multi-family rental complex off John Stockbauer Drive. The complex would
have about 150 units.

Income levels that would qualify for these apartments range from $12,000 to
about $25,000. A family maximum income cap would be about $40,000, and
prospective renters' prior convictions and charges, as well as credit and rental
histories, would be taken into account.

However, the company is competing against six other projects in this region --
five in Corpus Christi and one in Ingleside. The funding comes through the Texas
Department of Housing and Community Affairs, but only one will be awarded the
money.

The resolutions, if all three are passed, would give Pedcor 20 points in the
scoring. Resolution 1 would proclaim an economic initiative for the location --
one point; Resolution 2 would label the site for community revitalization -- one
point; and Resolution 3 would commit to use development funding through the U.S.
Department of Housing and Urban Development -- 18 points.

We understand city staff is reluctant to label the area as a "revitalization"
site, noting that it is a highly-sought after area.

We also understand that line of thinking. On the other hand, consider downtown
Victoria in comparison to any area in the city. Downtown Victoria is going
through revitalization through the city's own cognition. The area is a success
in our eyes.

This proposed project for affordable housing also can be considered a gift
horse. Young workers and families can find affordable housing with this project.
And, if the project is approved, the city would have spent no money to get it.
But, to be approved, the developers will need all the points they can get. And
that means the city council needs to approve the resolutions because a single
point in this competition can make all the difference.

We urge the Victoria City Council to take advantage of this opportunity and
approve all three resolutions when it meets Feb. 21.

This editorial reflects the views of the Victoria Advocate's editorial board.

___ (c)2012 Victoria Advocate (Victoria, Texas) Visit Victoria Advocate
(Victoria, Texas) at www.victoriaadvocate.com Distributed by MCT Information
Services

LOAD-DATE: February 12, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20120212-VI-EDITORIAL-Housing
-project-would-benefit-city-at-no-cost-0212-20120212

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: VI


                        Copyright 2012 Victoria Advocate


                             393 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     Daily Press - Victorville (California)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            April 15, 2010 Thursday

Neighbors unhappy with Happy Trails Villas

BYLINE: Brooke Edwards, Daily Press, Victorville, Calif.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 487 words


Apr. 15--APPLE VALLEY

--Protest is mounting over plans for the town to help turn the abandoned condos
on Kiowa Road into affordable rental units, even as the project sits in escrow.

"Anywhere in America where low-income housing exists, in that neighborhood the
crime rate goes up," Gordon Higgins, who lives near the complex, said. "Police
services are needed more frequently. The neighborhood break-ins and vandalism
increase. Property values go down. It's just the facts."

The Town Council last month approved a partnership with a Rancho Cucamonga
nonprofit and a Los Angeles developer to complete the 34-unit project formerly
known as Happy Trails Villas, at the corner of Kiowa Road and Highway 18. The
decision passed on a 3-2 vote at the March 25 meeting, with Mayor Pro Tem Bob
Sagona, Councilman Rick Roelle and several residents adamantly opposing it.

Though the development wasn't on the agenda, even more people turned out to
speak aga i n s t t h e p ro j e c t Tuesday, pleading with the council to
reconsider.

Area residents said they were already against the two-story, multi-family
housing project when it was intended to be condos for sale. But they're livid
now that it's slated to be rental units, asking that it at least be limited to
seniors 55 years and over.

S ago n a a ga i n raised concern about the project T u e s d ay, s ay i n g a
real estate professional told him the prop erty was in escrow -- even though the
council hasn't yet seen, let alone approved, an O wner Participation Agreement
outlining terms for the project.

"The project is in escrow," Ken Henderson, the town's assistant town manager of
economic development clarified via e-mail Wednesday. However, Henderson said the
escrow is between the bank and project developers HART and Ephraim, and not the
town of Apple Valley. He said escrow won't close unless the council approves the
OPA, since developers have said the project is only financially feasible with
help from public funds.

If t h e d e a l go e s t h ro u gh , t h e t ow n plans to pass along up to
$1.5 million in fede ra l Ne i gh b o rh o o d Stabilization Program funds and
up to $600,000 in Home Investment Partnerships Program funds to help bring the
project up to code.

The units are then expected to be on the market by the end of the year, with
developers assuring neighbors they'll carefully screen tenants and rent the
spacious condos for an estimated $1,000 per month.

Brooke Edwards may be reached

at (760) 955-5358 or at bed

wards@VVDailyPress.com

To see more of the Daily Press, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.vvdailypress.com. Copyright (c) 2010, Daily Press, Victorville,
Calif. Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints,
email tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send
a fax to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee
Ave., Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: April 15, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20100415-VV-Neighbors-unhappy-with-Happy-Trails-Villas-0415

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: VV


                           Copyright 2010 Daily Press


                             394 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The Calgary Herald (Alberta)

                           January 19, 2008 Saturday
                                 Final Edition

Apartment buys seen as quick fix for housing crisis; Building cheaper rental
units termed obsolete

BYLINE: Colette Derworiz, Calgary Herald

SECTION: CITY & REGION; Pg. B3

LENGTH: 502  words


As the city marked the opening of a 60-unit affordable housing project, some
said Calgary now needs to move in a more immediate direction to deal with the
ongoing housing crisis.

Officials participated Friday in the grand opening of the Crestwood complex, a
$13.2 million multi-family housing development in Millican-Ogden.

The building, which has been in the works since 2000, will provide affordable
housing to 60 families on the Calgary Housing Company's waiting list beginning
in March.

"Affordable housing is the highest single need in Calgary right now," Ald. Joe
Ceci, who is also deputy mayor, said following the ceremony.

"It's a great thing to be able to bring new housing capacity onto the Calgary
market into the rental area.

"I just wish the economics were there to do it more in the private sector
because that really is what we need. We need quality rental housing in this
city."

According to a recent report, Calgary lags in social housing, with one of the
lowest ratios of units per 1,000 residents in the country.

Ceci said council is trying to address the shortfall.

Earlier this week, the city purchased a 46-suite apartment building in the
Beltline, which will be used as both subsidized and market housing.

Ald. Druh Farrell, who sits on the Calgary Committee to End Homelessness, said
the city must continue to find more immediate solutions to the problem.

"Crestwood was maybe the old way, where we built something," she said.

"I really like this new idea of looking at opportunities that the development
industry presents to us.

"It's more immediate, and it's more cost-effective and less like a project, so
it's more integrated into the community."

Despite the idea being criticized by some, Farrell said buying existing units is
the best way for Calgary to get more affordable housing.

"We were able to get units instantly, they were ready to go," Farrell said.

City officials have said they are considering two other offers to purchase
buildings for affordable housing.

Another housing project, Vista Grande in northeast Calgary, will be finished by
late spring -- meaning a total of 124 affordable housing units will be available
by summer.

Tim Richter, the project manager for the Calgary Committee to End Homelessness,
said it's positive anytime more affordable housing becomes available.

"We have a pretty serious capacity shortage right now, so I am not going to
disparage any addition," he said Friday.

"It's clear we need more housing, so the Crestwood development is very
positive."

Going forward, however, he said there appears to be a preference for scattering
low-cost housing throughout the city, integrating people into communities and
looking for the lowest-cost alternative.

"That's not driven by the desire to be cheap, but by the size of the need that
we are facing," said Richter, noting the 10-year plan will address ways to deal
with the affordable housing crisis.

The plan, which is being kept under wraps, is scheduled to be released by the
end of the month.

cderworiz@theherald.canwest.com

LOAD-DATE: January 19, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:
Photo: Joe Ceci ;

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


Copyright 2008 The Calgary Herald, a division of Canwest MediaWorks Publication
                                      Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             395 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Contra Costa Times (California)

                           October 29, 2008 Wednesday

Measure L brings up Section 8, rental housing issues

BYLINE: By Paula King East County Times

SECTION: POLITICS; My Town; Eastern Contra Costa; Contra Costa; News; Local

LENGTH: 690 words


Some of the major issues that have emerged surrounding Oakley's proposed
business license tax measure deal with community fears surrounding Section 8
housing, rentals and landlords.

City officials have said that the anti-Measure L campaign is centered around
scare tactics. The grassroots campaign has stressed that the Nov. 4 ballot
measure will encourage more multi-family and Section 8 units within the city.

"(Residents) are basing their fears on the anti-Measure L people who are making
these statements," Oakley City Councilman Kevin Romick said.

The ballot language includes a 50-percent discount on all apartment complexes or
units that are income-restricted for low-income renters, but those properties
would be subject to an affordable housing covenant. City leaders argue that the
covenant would impose a 30-year deed restriction on those properties inhibiting
future sales and the value of the home.

"Measure L will not bring more Section 8 housing into the community," Romick
said. "For $100 savings a year, who would put a deed restriction on their home
for 30 years? It makes no sense to do that."

Measure L seeks to amend the current business license tax, and would require
landlords with one to four units to pay $200 per unit annually. Apartment owners
would be responsible for $250 for the first four units and another $50 for each
additional unit every year.

"The existing tax exempted landlords who had four or fewer units, and so, by
looking to include all landlords in that process, they would all be registering
and paying a business license tax," Oakley Finance Director Paul Abelson
explained. "The discount was included as a requirement of state law to make sure
that the city was not creating a barrier to affordable housing."

Oakley resident, Realtor and landlord Aaron Meadows is leading the anti-Measure
L campaign. He said that now is not the time to impose an increased tax on
business owners, including landlords, and that the city stands to gain $600,000
annually for the first three years if this passes.

"They did it so they could raise big money on rentals," he said. "It is not
these landlords that are making all of this money."

Meadows added that most rental owners are barely breaking even on their rental
investments right now. Meadows said landlords and renters should not become the
scapegoats for all of the community concerns surrounding blight and lowered
property values because many rental owners maintain their units.

"I don't want you to notice that it is a rental," he said. "It (blight) is not
good for the tenant. It is not good for the landlord. It is not good for the
community."

He further argued that the deed restriction may not hold up if challenged in
court, and the discount was only added to benefit large-scale, low-income
apartments that were built in recent years.

Romick countered that there is a financial incentive to renting properties and
that landlords should be treated like business owners in terms of taxation. On
average, city leaders said that rental properties demand more police and code
enforcement services than owner-occupied units.

City Manager Bryan Montgomery said that the council wanted to address rental and
foreclosed property problems citywide, which are quality-of-life and
beautification issues. If approved by a majority vote, the tax re-structure
would provide a source of revenue for many city services, including police, code
enforcement, parks, community programs and street improvements.

"The council made a very conscious decision to include a landlord component in
the measure," Montgomery said. "These resources would help us in that realm."

If Measure L fails, Montgomery predicted that the city would be less able to
deal with those blight and quality-of-life issues. He added that many businesses
would see a tax reduction if the measure is approved by voters Tuesday.

On the other hand, landlords in Oakley will be paying more than those in other
cities, Meadows said. "If this passes, we would be paying more than anyone in
the area," he said. "It needs to be equitable."

Paula King covers Oakley. Reach her at 925-779-7189 or
pking@bayareanewsgroup.com

LOAD-DATE: October 29, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2008 Contra Costa Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                             396 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     Pittsburgh Post-Gazette (Pennsylvania)

                           January 31, 2008 Thursday
                                 NORTH EDITION

Ross approves Benet Woods

BYLINE: Len Barcousky, Pittsburgh Post-Gazette

SECTION: METRO; Pg. N-3

LENGTH: 374 words


Ross commissioners and the developers of HEARTH at Benet Woods have settled
their differences.

Trek Development Group and North Hills Affordable Housing have withdrawn their
housing discrimination suit in return for township approval of their plans to
build 11 rental units of what they describe as affordable housing.

The $2.1 million project will be built on Rodenbaugh Avenue on five steep-sloped
acres that face the boundary between Ross and Pittsburgh.

Groundbreaking for the townhouses is expected to take place in the spring,
according to John Ginocchi, Trek's director of development.

Some neighbors who opposed the project filled meetings of the Ross Planning
Commission and commissioners to voice their disapproval. They warned of
increased storm-water problems for homeowners living below the site and
worsening conditions for pedestrians and drivers on narrow Rodenbaugh. The
township agreed to widen the street in the settlement.

Many residents who spoke against the project warned of increased crime if the
rental units were built near mostly single-family homes.

The developers said the project would not be low-income or public housing but
rather "affordable housing" for anyone who met its moderate-income guidelines.
Monthly rents are to range from $600 to $900 for tenants with annual incomes of
up to 38,000.

The township planners, who advise the commissioners on development projects,
voted 4-3 to recommend approval, but the commissioners in November voted the
project down on a 4-4 tie vote.

In the federal lawsuit, the developers said their project met township zoning
and subdivision regulations. The land is zoned R-2, which includes multi-family
development.

They claimed Ross violated federal fair housing laws and sought to discriminate
against lower-income residents.

The project is a joint effort between for-profit Trek, of Pittsburgh, and North
Hills Affordable Housing, which operates a temporary housing program, called
HEARTH, in a former school on Perrysville Avenue. That school was run by the
Benedictine Sisters of Pittsburgh, from whom the partners are buying the land
for HEARTH at Benet Woods.

The project is in its final design stage, Mr. Ginocchi said yesterday.
Construction will take about a year, he estimated.

LOAD-DATE: December 20, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES: Len Barcousky can be reached at lbarcousky@post-gazette.com or
724-772-0184.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2008 P.G. Publishing Co.


                             397 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          Ocala Star-Banner (Florida)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            March 27, 2014 Thursday

Housing authority receives $212K HUD grant

BYLINE: Susan Latham Carr, Ocala Star-Banner, Fla.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 547 words


March 27--OCALA -- The Ocala Housing Authority has received a $211,829 grant
from the U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development's Capital Fund Program
to improve and preserve public housing property.

The Ocala Housing Authority currently has 186 public housing units.

"We get it every year," said the authority's executive director Gwendolyn Dawson
of the grant. "The Capital Fund funds repairs and capital needs of our public
housing. Because we have such a small number of public housing units, we can
actually use it for routine repairs."

For instance, if a housing unit becomes vacant, there may be a need to replace
tiles or cabinets. But the money also may be used for sidewalk repairs,
painting, roof repairs and the like.

Although it has been going down for the last few years, this year's allocation
actually increased slightly. In 2013, the Ocala Housing Authority received
$191,416 in Capital Fund dollars. That was a decrease from $231,148 in 2012
allocation and $254,447 in 2011. Before the economy's decline, the authority had
been receiving about $500,000 a year for capital improvements.

The authority is required to file an annual plan and a five-year plan for the
capital dollars.

There currently is a waiting list of 1,600 people applying for public housing
units, Dawson said.

It generally takes a review of about 25 applications before an eligible one is
found. Right now, the waiting list for public housing is closed.

"Until someone moves out, nobody new can move in," Dawson said. "That's a hard
thing to explain to people."

And turnover is not particularly high.

"We average two to three, sometimes four per month, but it goes in spurts,"
Dawson said.

The turnover is highest in summer and during income tax season.

One bright note is that the Ocala Housing Authority does have replacement
housing dollars that can be used to purchase new public housing property. Dawson
is looking for multi-family housing that will add to her public housing stock.

"We have been trying for three years to find viable property," Dawson said. "We
had three deals fall through because the owner wanted too much for it. So we are
still actively searching."

The Capital Fund Program provides annual funding to about 3,100 public housing
authorities to build, repair, renovate and/or modernize the public housing in
local communities. This year, $1.8 billion was awarded nationwide.

In addition to public housing, the Ocala Housing Authority provides Section 8
vouchers that people use to pay rent to private landlords.

"That funding has been reduced drastically over the past five years," Dawson
said. "When the economy crashed, we got hit hard because our average assistance
shot up through the roof."

And, when the market declined, the need became greater. When people lost their
jobs, they needed larger vouchers to pay rent to landlords. Because people
already receiving vouchers needed more to pay their rent, it reduced the pot of
money that was available for new people looking for vouchers.

For that reason, the list for Section 8 vouchers also is closed, Dawson said.

___

Contact Susan Latham Carr at 352-867-4156 or susan.carr@starbanner.com

___ (c)2014 Ocala Star-Banner (Ocala, Fla.) Visit the Ocala Star-Banner (Ocala,
Fla.) at www.ocala.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: March 31, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20140327-OA-Housing-authority-receives-212K-HUD-grant-20140327

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: OA


                        Copyright 2014 Ocala Star-Banner


                             398 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             May 25, 2016 Wednesday

NAA, NAAEI Announce 2016 NAA Excellence Award Winners

LENGTH: 622  words

DATELINE: New York



 Oklahoma City: National Apartment Association has issued the following news
release:



 ARLINGTON, Va. / May 23, 2016 -- The National Apartment Association (NAA) is
pleased to announce the 2016 NAA Excellence Awards winners. The annual awards
program--formerly known as the PARAGON awards--recognize excellence and
leadership in the apartment housing industry, celebrating builders, industry
professionals and affiliated apartment associations that make unique industry
contributions.





 Winners will receive their NAA Excellence Award at a ceremony during the 2016
NAA Education Conference & Exposition on Saturday, June 18, in San Francisco.
The NAA Community of the Year, chosen among the com unities that won
category-specific NAA Excellence Awards awards listed below, will be announced
during the breakfast.



 Builders, Owners & Developers Awards



 Best Community, 1-5 Years (Up to 150 units) -- Cathedral Commons, Bozzuto,
Washington, D.C.



 Best Community, 1-5 Years (More than 150 units) -- Spyglass Rental Community,
Perimeter Realty, Jacksonville, Florida



 Best Community, 5-20 Years (More than 150 units) -- The Circle at Hermann Park,
Greystar, Houston, Texas



 Best Community, 20+ Years (Up to 150 units) -- Spring Brook Lofts, Star Pacific
Capital Management / Relik Realty, Houston, Texas



 Best Community, 20+ Years (More than 150 units) -- Arbor Lakes Apartments,
Marquette Management, Inc., Arlington Heights, Illinois



 Best Community, Specialty (Affordable Housing) -- St. Michael's Veterans
Center, Yarco Company, Inc., Kansas City, Missouri



 Best Community, Specialty (Military Housing) -- Tierra Vista Communities at
Peterson Air Force Base, WinnResidential Military Housing Services, Colorado
Springs, Colorado



 R.O.E. (Return on Energy) Awards



 Energy Retrofit Award -- ECO Modern Flats, Specialized Real Estate Group,
Fayetteville, Arkansas



 Energy Reduction Award (Common Area--Mid-Rise/Low-Rise) -- Heritage House,
WinnCompanies, Newburyport, Massachusetts



 NAA Individual Awards



 Independent Rental Owner (IRO) of the Year (100 units or less) -- Phillip
Basarabescu, Bellestone Villas Apartments, Houston, Texas



 Independent Rental Owner (IRO) of the Year (101-500 units) -- Mark & Teri
DaRonch and Jake Leatham, Mapletree Gardens Apartments, Houston, Texas



 Chris Christenson Association Executive of the Year -- Jim Wiard, Washington
Multi-Family Housing Association, Renton, Washington



 National Suppliers Council Achievement Award -- Eric Overhage, Multifamily
Services Group LLC, Alpharetta, Georgia



 NAAEI Designate Awards



 Professional Designate of the Year -- Chad Christian, NALP, CAM, CAPS, Winthrop
Management, Houston, Texas



 Certified Apartment Manager (CAM) of the Year -- Michael Garcia, CAM, CAPS,
Capstone Real Estate Services, Austin, Texas



 Apartment Maintenance Technician (CAMT) of the Year -- Thomas Baird, CAM, CAMT,
Winthrop Management, Conroe, Texas



 National Apartment Leasing Professional (NALP) of the Year -- Carla Katigbak,
NALP, Chestnut Hill Realty, Chestnut Hill, Massachusetts



 Certified Apartment Supplier (CAS) of the Year -- Ed Schell, CAS, HD Supply,
Denver, Colorado



 Affiliate Awards



 Communications Award -- Apartment Association of Greater Orlando



 Community Service Award -- Apartment Association of Greater Wichita



 Education Award -- Indiana Apartment Association



 Government Affairs Award -- Florida Apartment Association



 Membership Development Award -- Houston Apartment Association



 A list of all winners and details about each will appear in the June 2016 issue
of units Magazine.





 In case of any query regarding this article or other content please contact:
editorial@plusmediasolutions.com br/>

LOAD-DATE: May 26, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             399 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                      Copyright 2016 Zoom Information Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                            Zoom Company Information

                                   July 2016

                       Hispanic American Council of Erie

                               606 Holland Street
                                Erie,  PA 16501
                                 United States

* * * * * * * * * * COMMUNICATIONS * * * * * * * * * *
TELEPHONE: (814) 452-2425
FAX: (814) 452-2429
URL: www.hace.org

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *

   HACE owns and manages more than 2,000 quality housing units in the City of
Erie for low and moderate income families, elderly, and persons with
disabilities.  HACE also provides rental assistance to more than 1,000 families
for units rented from private landlords through the Section 8 Housing Choice
Voucher program. The housing choice voucher program is the federal government's
major program for assisting very low-income families, the elderly, and the
disabled to afford decent, safe, and sanitary housing in the private market.
Since housing assistance is provided on behalf of the family or individual,
participants are able to find their own housing, including single-family homes,
townhouses and apartments.  The types of housing in our programs are varied.
From multi-family units to single family homes, from suburban apartment style
complexes to high rise buildings, we have the housing available to meet many low
income needs.  But as you will find out while browsing this site -- and please
use "News To Use" as the column at left invites you to do -- it's not just about
housing, mortar, and bricks. It's about education, jobs, recreation, health, and
a whole host of services we provide for our residents.  It's about people.

LOAD-DATE: July 14, 2016


                             400 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           September 30, 2014 Tuesday

New Jersey: Benson & Wimberly Bill to Enhance Awareness, Protect Children from
Lead Poisoning Approved by Assembly

LENGTH: 506  words

DATELINE: Trenton


New Jersey Assembly Majority Office has issued the following news release:

Legislation sponsored by Assembly Democrats Dan Benson (D-Mercer/Middlesex) and
Benjie Wimberly (D-Bergen/Passaic) to help prevent lead poisoning in children
was approved Monday by the General Assembly.

"This bill helps educate parents so they are able to recognize the symptoms of
lead poisoning in children, which can have harmful, lasting health effects,"
said Benson. "Lead poisoning can severely affect a child's mental and physical
development, and at very high levels, it can be deadly. The good news is parents
can help protect their families by taking simple preventive measures. The bill
provides parents with this information so they can take the necessary
precautions to keep their families safe."

"Some parents may not think about lead poisoning when childproofing their homes,
but long-term exposure to lead can result in serious health problems, especially
for young children," said Wimberly. "This bill helps educate parents about the
causes and symptoms of lead poisoning so they can recognize the signs of lead
exposure and protect their children from this dangerous metal."

The bill (A-2398) requires the Department of Community Affairs (DCA), in
consultation with the Department of Health, to prepare an informational booklet
in English and Spanish that explains the causes and symptoms of lead poisoning
in children and preventive measures to protect against lead poisoning in the
home. The booklet must contain information explaining the provisions of the
"Lead Hazard Control Assistance Act," and the availability of financial
assistance from the "Lead Hazard Control Assistance Fund" for lead hazard
control work. Under the act, the department provides financial assistance (in
the form of grants or loans, or a combination thereof) to eligible owners of
multi-family housing and to eligible owners of single-family and two-family
homes, whether or not the home is utilized as rental housing, for the removal
and mitigation of lead paint hazards.

Under the bill, DCA is required to make the booklet available to any owner of a
residential dwelling unit that is the primary residence of a child age six or
under and is approved by the department to participate in the Weatherization
Assistance Program (WAP). While New Jersey requires the testing of children in
this age range for lead poisoning, approximately 250,000 children in the United
States, ages one to five years, have blood lead levels greater than 10
micrograms of lead per deciliter of blood, the level at which Centers for
Disease Control and Prevention recommends public health actions be initiated.
Funded by the U.S. Departments of Health and Human Services and Energy, WAP
provides income-qualified residents with services that reduce household energy
use and costs by improving the energy efficiency of their homes while also
ensuring their health and safety.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 1, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             401 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           September 29, 2014 Monday

New Jersey: Benson & Wimberly Bill to Enhance Awareness, Protect Children from
Lead Poisoning Approved by Assembly

LENGTH: 506  words

DATELINE: Trenton


New Jersey Assembly Majority Office has issued the following news release:

Legislation sponsored by Assembly Democrats Dan Benson (D-Mercer/Middlesex) and
Benjie Wimberly (D-Bergen/Passaic) to help prevent lead poisoning in children
was approved Monday by the General Assembly.

"This bill helps educate parents so they are able to recognize the symptoms of
lead poisoning in children, which can have harmful, lasting health effects,"
said Benson. "Lead poisoning can severely affect a child's mental and physical
development, and at very high levels, it can be deadly. The good news is parents
can help protect their families by taking simple preventive measures. The bill
provides parents with this information so they can take the necessary
precautions to keep their families safe."

"Some parents may not think about lead poisoning when childproofing their homes,
but long-term exposure to lead can result in serious health problems, especially
for young children," said Wimberly. "This bill helps educate parents about the
causes and symptoms of lead poisoning so they can recognize the signs of lead
exposure and protect their children from this dangerous metal."

The bill (A-2398) requires the Department of Community Affairs (DCA), in
consultation with the Department of Health, to prepare an informational booklet
in English and Spanish that explains the causes and symptoms of lead poisoning
in children and preventive measures to protect against lead poisoning in the
home. The booklet must contain information explaining the provisions of the
"Lead Hazard Control Assistance Act," and the availability of financial
assistance from the "Lead Hazard Control Assistance Fund" for lead hazard
control work. Under the act, the department provides financial assistance (in
the form of grants or loans, or a combination thereof) to eligible owners of
multi-family housing and to eligible owners of single-family and two-family
homes, whether or not the home is utilized as rental housing, for the removal
and mitigation of lead paint hazards.

Under the bill, DCA is required to make the booklet available to any owner of a
residential dwelling unit that is the primary residence of a child age six or
under and is approved by the department to participate in the Weatherization
Assistance Program (WAP). While New Jersey requires the testing of children in
this age range for lead poisoning, approximately 250,000 children in the United
States, ages one to five years, have blood lead levels greater than 10
micrograms of lead per deciliter of blood, the level at which Centers for
Disease Control and Prevention recommends public health actions be initiated.
Funded by the U.S. Departments of Health and Human Services and Energy, WAP
provides income-qualified residents with services that reduce household energy
use and costs by improving the energy efficiency of their homes while also
ensuring their health and safety.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 31, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             402 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                             National Mortgage News

                                  June 1, 1992

Brendsel: Freddie Set To Increase Affordable

SECTION: Pg. 13

LENGTH: 421 words

DATELINE: SAN FRANCISCO


Leland Brendsel, chief executive of the Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corp., told
members of the National Community Bankers Association at their final annual
meeting here that Freddie Mac will turn more resources to the problem of
affordable housing.

"It is our responsibility, regardless what Congress does, to meet these needs,"
he told the bankers.

"The recent situation in Los Angeles is a stark reminder of how far we have to
go to provide decent affordable housing and rentals."

Legislation regulating government-sponsored enterprises has passed the House and
is near passage in the Senate.  Both bills will impose new affordable housing
requirements on GSEs, he said.

Mr. Brendsel said the housing problem in America has been exacerbated by the
growing gap between the haves and have-nots during the 1980s.

"The rich have gotten richer," Mr. Brendsel said.  "We simply need to become
better skilled at finding ways to fund low-cost housing."

There will be a new emphasis on providing financing for rental housing at
Freddie Mac. Mr. Brendsel said.

"Freddie is back in the multifamily finance market.  But this time the emphasis
will be on strict quality control monitoring.  We learned from our old
multi-family program that good intention simply are not enough."

Freddie Mac already has made more than 30 changes in its own guidelines to
qualify more affordable housing loans.

"We are also retraining our own staff now in our new community lending
guidelines," he said.

Mr. Brendsel supports pending GSE legislation which also will impose for the
first time minimum capital requirements on Freddie, Mac. Fannie and Ginnie Mac.

He said the agencies have reached a stage of maturity that the new standards
will actually help rather than hurt.

"The 1970s saw the creation of the secondary market.  The 1980s were a decade of
growth and innovation.

"Now we have a stable and healthy secondary market that funds fully 50% of the
nation's mortgages.

"The 1990s will be a decade in which industry improves its market share and
capacity through the use of technology."

GSEs also help bankers overcome the problem of competition for funds with credit
unions and pension funds, he said.

"The secondary market is the key to making scarce capital available by cycling
this pension and credit union through the secondary market," he said.

Mr. Brendsel said that Freddie Mac's multi-class Remics continue to be the most
popular way for institutional investors to place their money into the secondary
market.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1992 National Thrift News, Inc.


                             403 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                THE KOREA HERALD

                            November 30, 2009 Monday

[Territorial policy in Korea (11)] Stable, affordable housing for low-income
families

LENGTH: 2036 words


This is the 11th installment in a series of articles shedding light on Korea's
territorial policies - an integral part of the nation's development strategy.
Researchers from the Korea Research Institute for Human Settlements, a state-run
institute committed to studying means of enhancing the use of national
territory, will deal with about two dozen themes related to formulating the
territorial development strategy. - Ed.

By Jin Jeong-su

Declaring 2008 to be the starting year for the advancement of the Republic of
Korea, the Lee Myung-bak administration proclaimed a national vision of "an
advanced, top-notch nation," which pursues "a rich people, a warm society and a
strong country." To realize the vision, the government set five national goals,
20 policy strategies and 100 policy tasks.

The five national goals are "a government serving the people," "a lively market
economy," "active welfare," "a country rich in talent" and "a global Korea."

Under the active welfare goal, the government seeks to lay the foundation of a
lifetime welfare system, customize welfare benefits, stabilize the lives and
housing conditions of low-income citizens and make people feel rewarded for
their work. An important action plan to stabilize low-income citizens' lives and
housing is the so-called "nest housing" policy.

In his Liberation Day address on Aug. 15, Lee promised to give priority to
stabilizing housing for low-income people. The government is developing five
indices to measure their quality of life - income, employment, education,
housing and safety - and pushing decisive policies to help citizens without
their home own one. Supplementing a previous nest housing plan, the government
worked out "the plan to stabilize low-income dwelling conditions by increasing
nest housing units and improving housing supply system" on Aug. 27. It is
designed to help people realize their wish of home ownership early.

To increase supply of nest housing dramatically, the government decided to speed
up development of development restriction areas in the Capital Region. Under the
previous plan, development of those areas was to proceed gradually until 2018.
The government is advancing the schedule to complete development by 2012 before
the president's term ends.

The number of nest housing units to be built by 2012 in the Capital Region,
where houses are expensive and insufficient, was also revised from 400,000 to
600,000. In particular, 320,000 units will be available at low prices in
greenbelt zones close to downtown areas. A new apartment application bank
deposit for first-time buyers was also introduced to give more opportunities to
newlyweds and young workers.

From straw-roofed houses to new towns

We spend half of our everyday lives at home; therefore housing is the primary
concern. A Korean proverb says, "Leave home and you are in trouble."

Traditional Korean houses came in two types. Straw-roofed houses suitable for
agricultural life were typical for low-income brackets while middle and
high-class families lived in tile-roofed houses. In the past, single-family
houses accounted for more than 60 percent of Korea's total dwellings. With the
advent of the urban industrial society, convenient apartments became popular
beginning in the 1980s. Today, apartments make up more than 60 percent, bringing
major changes to housing culture.

Housing-related laws

Korea's housing policy is based on Article 35 of the Constitution which states
that all citizens shall have the right to a healthy and pleasant environment.
Its ultimate goal is to realize housing welfare for the people: providing all
citizens with comfortable and pleasant housing at affordable costs in places
they want to live in. It seeks to meet the basic housing demand and improve the
housing welfare of individual families and the entire nation, thus achieving
social integration.

The Housing Act is the basic law on the housing policy containing rules on the
Comprehensive Housing Plan, raising and operating housing construction funds,
the minimum residence standard, housing construction standards and housing
supply. The Rental Housing Act regards the construction and supply of public
rental housing. The Residential Site Development Promotion Act relates to the
development and distribution of public housing sites. The Special Act on Nest
Housing Construction, etc. is the legal framework for the construction and
supply of nest housing, currently the central policy for low-income families.
The Act on Supporting Improvement of the Quality of Life of Dwellers of
Long-Term Public Rental Housing was enacted in 2009 to support the improvement
and maintenance of existing long-term public rental housing and establish
facilities for economic activities and welfare services for low-income and
socially weak citizens. The Urban and Living Environment Improvement Act was
established for the redevelopment and reconstruction of aging single-family
houses and apartments and projects to improve living environment for low-income
urban residents.

Housing supply for different income levels

The main objectives of the current administration's housing policy are
establishing housing safety nets for low-income and socially vulnerable
citizens, promoting home ownership for middle-income households and stabilizing
house prices for the high-income brackets.

The government is pushing a variety of supportive programs on both supply and
demand sides.

Supply-side programs include ownership housing and low-cost pubic rental housing
including small unit apartments, permanent rental housing, long-term (five-year
and 50-year) public rental housing, rental housing provided through
redevelopment, reconstruction and living environment improvement projects,
long-term deposit-basis rental housing and corporate rental housing.

Demand-side programs include loans for rental deposit money for low-income
renters, support for housing costs for those dependent on basic living
subsidies, graded rents for public rental housing, housing voucher (trial
implementation is scheduled for 2010) and rent control (limiting rent increase
to 5 percent annually).

To enhance housing safety nets, the government is pushing diverse assistance
programs in accordance of income levels and family types, including extending
zero-interest loans covering 50 percent of key money for households living in
substandard housing, lowering rents for national rental housing for low-income
brackets and supplying urban lifestyle housing (such as one-room and
dormitory-style units) for low-income and one- or two-member households.

Improvement of housing levels

Korea implemented seven Five-Year Economic Development Plans beginning 1962. It
pushed a plan to construct 2 million homes in 1988 and a plan to build 1 million
national rental housing units in 2002. The Lee Myung-bak administration embarked
on a project to supply 5 million homes including 1.5 million nest housing units
in 2008. Especially, five new cities - Bundang, Ilsan, Pyeongchon, Sanbon and
Jungdong - have been constructed in the Capital Region within a 2-kilometer
radius around Seoul since 1989. The new city projects set a new milestone in the
history of Korea's housing policy by constructing a total of 289,000 units to
accommodate 1.176 million people.

Korea's housing supply ratio was less than 80 percent until the early 1990s. As
a result of continued housing expansion including the 1988 plan to build 2
million units, the ratio increased to 105.9 percent in 2005. But the nation is
still far short of meeting housing needs. The number of homes per 1,000 people
was 279.7 nationwide, 254 in the Capital Region, 236.4 in Seoul as of 2005,
compared to 399 in Japan (1998), 419 in the United States (1995), 417 in the
United Kingdom (2001), 462 in France (2001) and 445 in Germany (2000).

The housing density in Korea has been decreasing due to expanded supply and a
decrease in the average number of members of a household. The average dwelling
size per household increased from 63.1 square meters in 2000 to 66 square meters
in 2005. The average size of housing per person increased from 20.2 square
meters to 22.9 square meters. Family members per room reduced from 0.9 to 0.8.

Housing prices fell recently due to the global financial crisis but are still
high compared to other advanced countries.

The government plans to build 5 million units for 10 years (2009-2018) - 500,000
units every year - aiming to raise the nation's housing supply ratio to 107
percent, the level of advanced countries, homeownership to 65 percent and the
proportion of public rental housing in the total housing stock to 12 percent.

5 million homes

The government plans to construct 5 million units by 2018 and supply appropriate
housing in accordance of income levels. It will provide 1.5 million nest housing
units -150,000 per year- for low-income families for the next 10 years. They
include 100,000 permanent rental units, 400,000 national rental units and
300,000 public rental units (partial ownership and deposit-basis rental housing)
for those who are in the bottom 40 percent of the income scale and lack ability
to pay for rents and buy homes. For those who are in the 50-60 percent ranges of
the income scale and can buy a home in case the government supports, the
government will provide 17 million ownership housing units including 700,000
publicly built homes, 400,000 small and medium-size privately built homes and 1
million multi-family and single-family houses.

By region, 1 million units will be built in the Capital Zone, where housing
costs are relatively high and housing supply falls short of demand while 500,000
units will be constructed in other regions. The nest housing policy is aimed at
supplying affordable homes to low-income families around cities, providing homes
customized in accordance of income levels, promoting low-carbon, green growth
and building self-sufficient, compact cities where homes are close to work.

New nest-housing districts

The government seeks to develop four nest-housing model districts - an
eco-friendly garden village in a city downtown, a green growth model district, a
content media park and a clean, green city.

The eco-friendly garden village will be built in Gangnam, southern Seoul, with a
green network linked in harmony with natural environment, skylines fitting the
natural topography, walks linked to forests and comfortable and natural
waterfronts (near Segok Stream) Some blocks will be developed into a design nest
housing area through international design bidding.

The green growth model district will be built in Seocho, southern Seoul.
Preserving green space of Mt. Umyeon, it will adopt an energy-saving design and
use solar and other renewable energy sources. It will have a waterfront park and
will become a "walker-friendly, e-green city."

The content media park will be built in Wonheung, Goyang. It will host local
strategic businesses including a media park and secure local growth engines by
nurturing the cutting-edge digital industry and supporting media and content
businesses.

The clean, green city open to the Han River will be built in Misa, Hanam,
envisaging a green water city, a green traffic city (for walkers, runners and
bike-riders) and a green culture city.

Korea has significantly improved its dwelling conditions with a massive housing
supply in line with its high economic growth for the past 40 years. With
improvement in incomes, housing demand has also diversified. Reflecting the
trend, the government plans to build nest housing complexes in environmentally
friendly and future-oriented ways. It will build nature-friendly "cities in
forests" including green homes and eco-friendly cities.

Nests for birds should weather rains and wind and guard against natural enemies.
Nest housing - meaning homes for newlyweds in Korea - should be comfortable and
safe both mentally and physically. The nest housing policy will enable the
government to provide comfortable housing services at affordable costs in places
where people want to live in. Korea's housing welfare will reach the level of
advanced countries by late 2010 when housing safety nets for low-income families
are established and the government's policy goals are achieved.

LOAD-DATE: December 4, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2009 The Korea Herald
                              All Rights Reserved


                             404 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                THE KOREA HERALD

                            November 30, 2009 Monday

[Territorial policy in Korea (11)] Stable, affordable housing for low-income
families

LENGTH: 2036 words


This is the 11th installment in a series of articles shedding light on Korea's
territorial policies - an integral part of the nation's development strategy.
Researchers from the Korea Research Institute for Human Settlements, a state-run
institute committed to studying means of enhancing the use of national
territory, will deal with about two dozen themes related to formulating the
territorial development strategy. - Ed.

By Jin Jeong-su

Declaring 2008 to be the starting year for the advancement of the Republic of
Korea, the Lee Myung-bak administration proclaimed a national vision of "an
advanced, top-notch nation," which pursues "a rich people, a warm society and a
strong country." To realize the vision, the government set five national goals,
20 policy strategies and 100 policy tasks.

The five national goals are "a government serving the people," "a lively market
economy," "active welfare," "a country rich in talent" and "a global Korea."

Under the active welfare goal, the government seeks to lay the foundation of a
lifetime welfare system, customize welfare benefits, stabilize the lives and
housing conditions of low-income citizens and make people feel rewarded for
their work. An important action plan to stabilize low-income citizens' lives and
housing is the so-called "nest housing" policy.

In his Liberation Day address on Aug. 15, Lee promised to give priority to
stabilizing housing for low-income people. The government is developing five
indices to measure their quality of life - income, employment, education,
housing and safety - and pushing decisive policies to help citizens without
their home own one. Supplementing a previous nest housing plan, the government
worked out "the plan to stabilize low-income dwelling conditions by increasing
nest housing units and improving housing supply system" on Aug. 27. It is
designed to help people realize their wish of home ownership early.

To increase supply of nest housing dramatically, the government decided to speed
up development of development restriction areas in the Capital Region. Under the
previous plan, development of those areas was to proceed gradually until 2018.
The government is advancing the schedule to complete development by 2012 before
the president's term ends.

The number of nest housing units to be built by 2012 in the Capital Region,
where houses are expensive and insufficient, was also revised from 400,000 to
600,000. In particular, 320,000 units will be available at low prices in
greenbelt zones close to downtown areas. A new apartment application bank
deposit for first-time buyers was also introduced to give more opportunities to
newlyweds and young workers.

From straw-roofed houses to new towns

We spend half of our everyday lives at home; therefore housing is the primary
concern. A Korean proverb says, "Leave home and you are in trouble."

Traditional Korean houses came in two types. Straw-roofed houses suitable for
agricultural life were typical for low-income brackets while middle and
high-class families lived in tile-roofed houses. In the past, single-family
houses accounted for more than 60 percent of Korea's total dwellings. With the
advent of the urban industrial society, convenient apartments became popular
beginning in the 1980s. Today, apartments make up more than 60 percent, bringing
major changes to housing culture.

Housing-related laws

Korea's housing policy is based on Article 35 of the Constitution which states
that all citizens shall have the right to a healthy and pleasant environment.
Its ultimate goal is to realize housing welfare for the people: providing all
citizens with comfortable and pleasant housing at affordable costs in places
they want to live in. It seeks to meet the basic housing demand and improve the
housing welfare of individual families and the entire nation, thus achieving
social integration.

The Housing Act is the basic law on the housing policy containing rules on the
Comprehensive Housing Plan, raising and operating housing construction funds,
the minimum residence standard, housing construction standards and housing
supply. The Rental Housing Act regards the construction and supply of public
rental housing. The Residential Site Development Promotion Act relates to the
development and distribution of public housing sites. The Special Act on Nest
Housing Construction, etc. is the legal framework for the construction and
supply of nest housing, currently the central policy for low-income families.
The Act on Supporting Improvement of the Quality of Life of Dwellers of
Long-Term Public Rental Housing was enacted in 2009 to support the improvement
and maintenance of existing long-term public rental housing and establish
facilities for economic activities and welfare services for low-income and
socially weak citizens. The Urban and Living Environment Improvement Act was
established for the redevelopment and reconstruction of aging single-family
houses and apartments and projects to improve living environment for low-income
urban residents.

Housing supply for different income levels

The main objectives of the current administration's housing policy are
establishing housing safety nets for low-income and socially vulnerable
citizens, promoting home ownership for middle-income households and stabilizing
house prices for the high-income brackets.

The government is pushing a variety of supportive programs on both supply and
demand sides.

Supply-side programs include ownership housing and low-cost pubic rental housing
including small unit apartments, permanent rental housing, long-term (five-year
and 50-year) public rental housing, rental housing provided through
redevelopment, reconstruction and living environment improvement projects,
long-term deposit-basis rental housing and corporate rental housing.

Demand-side programs include loans for rental deposit money for low-income
renters, support for housing costs for those dependent on basic living
subsidies, graded rents for public rental housing, housing voucher (trial
implementation is scheduled for 2010) and rent control (limiting rent increase
to 5 percent annually).

To enhance housing safety nets, the government is pushing diverse assistance
programs in accordance of income levels and family types, including extending
zero-interest loans covering 50 percent of key money for households living in
substandard housing, lowering rents for national rental housing for low-income
brackets and supplying urban lifestyle housing (such as one-room and
dormitory-style units) for low-income and one- or two-member households.

Improvement of housing levels

Korea implemented seven Five-Year Economic Development Plans beginning 1962. It
pushed a plan to construct 2 million homes in 1988 and a plan to build 1 million
national rental housing units in 2002. The Lee Myung-bak administration embarked
on a project to supply 5 million homes including 1.5 million nest housing units
in 2008. Especially, five new cities - Bundang, Ilsan, Pyeongchon, Sanbon and
Jungdong - have been constructed in the Capital Region within a 2-kilometer
radius around Seoul since 1989. The new city projects set a new milestone in the
history of Korea's housing policy by constructing a total of 289,000 units to
accommodate 1.176 million people.

Korea's housing supply ratio was less than 80 percent until the early 1990s. As
a result of continued housing expansion including the 1988 plan to build 2
million units, the ratio increased to 105.9 percent in 2005. But the nation is
still far short of meeting housing needs. The number of homes per 1,000 people
was 279.7 nationwide, 254 in the Capital Region, 236.4 in Seoul as of 2005,
compared to 399 in Japan (1998), 419 in the United States (1995), 417 in the
United Kingdom (2001), 462 in France (2001) and 445 in Germany (2000).

The housing density in Korea has been decreasing due to expanded supply and a
decrease in the average number of members of a household. The average dwelling
size per household increased from 63.1 square meters in 2000 to 66 square meters
in 2005. The average size of housing per person increased from 20.2 square
meters to 22.9 square meters. Family members per room reduced from 0.9 to 0.8.

Housing prices fell recently due to the global financial crisis but are still
high compared to other advanced countries.

The government plans to build 5 million units for 10 years (2009-2018) - 500,000
units every year - aiming to raise the nation's housing supply ratio to 107
percent, the level of advanced countries, homeownership to 65 percent and the
proportion of public rental housing in the total housing stock to 12 percent.

5 million homes

The government plans to construct 5 million units by 2018 and supply appropriate
housing in accordance of income levels. It will provide 1.5 million nest housing
units -150,000 per year- for low-income families for the next 10 years. They
include 100,000 permanent rental units, 400,000 national rental units and
300,000 public rental units (partial ownership and deposit-basis rental housing)
for those who are in the bottom 40 percent of the income scale and lack ability
to pay for rents and buy homes. For those who are in the 50-60 percent ranges of
the income scale and can buy a home in case the government supports, the
government will provide 17 million ownership housing units including 700,000
publicly built homes, 400,000 small and medium-size privately built homes and 1
million multi-family and single-family houses.

By region, 1 million units will be built in the Capital Zone, where housing
costs are relatively high and housing supply falls short of demand while 500,000
units will be constructed in other regions. The nest housing policy is aimed at
supplying affordable homes to low-income families around cities, providing homes
customized in accordance of income levels, promoting low-carbon, green growth
and building self-sufficient, compact cities where homes are close to work.

New nest-housing districts

The government seeks to develop four nest-housing model districts - an
eco-friendly garden village in a city downtown, a green growth model district, a
content media park and a clean, green city.

The eco-friendly garden village will be built in Gangnam, southern Seoul, with a
green network linked in harmony with natural environment, skylines fitting the
natural topography, walks linked to forests and comfortable and natural
waterfronts (near Segok Stream) Some blocks will be developed into a design nest
housing area through international design bidding.

The green growth model district will be built in Seocho, southern Seoul.
Preserving green space of Mt. Umyeon, it will adopt an energy-saving design and
use solar and other renewable energy sources. It will have a waterfront park and
will become a "walker-friendly, e-green city."

The content media park will be built in Wonheung, Goyang. It will host local
strategic businesses including a media park and secure local growth engines by
nurturing the cutting-edge digital industry and supporting media and content
businesses.

The clean, green city open to the Han River will be built in Misa, Hanam,
envisaging a green water city, a green traffic city (for walkers, runners and
bike-riders) and a green culture city.

Korea has significantly improved its dwelling conditions with a massive housing
supply in line with its high economic growth for the past 40 years. With
improvement in incomes, housing demand has also diversified. Reflecting the
trend, the government plans to build nest housing complexes in environmentally
friendly and future-oriented ways. It will build nature-friendly "cities in
forests" including green homes and eco-friendly cities.

Nests for birds should weather rains and wind and guard against natural enemies.
Nest housing - meaning homes for newlyweds in Korea - should be comfortable and
safe both mentally and physically. The nest housing policy will enable the
government to provide comfortable housing services at affordable costs in places
where people want to live in. Korea's housing welfare will reach the level of
advanced countries by late 2010 when housing safety nets for low-income families
are established and the government's policy goals are achieved.

LOAD-DATE: December 2, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2009 The Korea Herald
                              All Rights Reserved


                             405 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           October 26, 2016 Wednesday

California: League-Sponsored Bond Agency Issues $67.3 Million in Tax-Exempt
Bonds for Affordable Housing Apartments in Stockton and Fremont

LENGTH: 491 words

DATELINE: New York



 Sacramento: League of California Cities, The State of California has issued the
followin news release:



   Some of the most significant benefits of League membership for cities since
1988 have flowed from the League's co-sponsorship of the California Statewide
Communities Development Authority (CSCDA).





 This program provides a variety of public agencies and developers access to
low-cost, tax-exempt financing and economic development tools. CSCDA recently
issued $67,300,000 in tax-exempt multi-family affordable housing bonds for the
Polo Run Apartments in Stockton and Innovia Apartments in Fremont.



 About Polo Run Apartments



 Polo Run Apartments is an acquisition and rehabilitation of 320 multi-family
affordable housing apartments by Polo Run Family Apartments, LP. The project
sponsor is ROEM Development Corporation (ROEM). Polo Run will continue to be 100
percent affordable and provide apartments to low-income residents in Stockton.



 CSCDA and ROEM partnered with Citibank to provide tax-exempt multi-family
affordable housing bonds for Polo Run. The project will undergo an extensive
interior and exterior renovation ensuring that residents have an updated, safe,
and affordable community to call home for years to come. The financing of Polo
Run will maintain the affordability of units for low-income tenants for 55
years.



 About Innovia Apartments



 Innovia Apartments is the new construction of 290 affordable housing units by
St. Anton Communities. The benefits of the project for the city of Fremont and
Alameda County include: 100 percent of the affordable rental housing units will
be rent restricted for very low- and low-income tenants; a new economic vibrancy
to the area; and the construction of 20 studio units, 130 one-bedroom units, 117
two-bedroom units, 20 three-bedroom units, and three manager's units.



 CSCDA and St. Anton partnered with Citibank to provide $42,300,000 in
tax-exempt multi-family affordable housing bonds for the project. The financing
of Innovia Apartments requires the affordability of units for low-income tenants
to be maintained for 55 years.



 Background



 CSCDA is a joint powers authority created in 1988 and is sponsored by the
League of California Cities® and the California State Association of Counties.
It was created by cities and counties for cities and counties. More than 500
cities, counties and special districts are program participants in CSCDA, which
serves as their conduit issuer and provides access to efficiently finance
locally-approved projects. CSCDA has issued more than $50 billion in tax exempt
bonds for projects that provide a public benefit by creating jobs, affordable
housing, healthcare, infrastructure, schools and other fundamental services.
Visit CSCDA's website for additional information on the ways in which CSCDA can
help your city.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content please contact:
editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 26, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             406 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           October 26, 2016 Wednesday

California: League-Sponsored Bond Agency Issues $67.3 Million in Tax-Exempt
Bonds for Affordable Housing Apartments in Stockton and Fremont

LENGTH: 491 words

DATELINE: New York



 Sacramento: League of California Cities, The State of California has issued the
followin news release:



   Some of the most significant benefits of League membership for cities since
1988 have flowed from the League's co-sponsorship of the California Statewide
Communities Development Authority (CSCDA).





 This program provides a variety of public agencies and developers access to
low-cost, tax-exempt financing and economic development tools. CSCDA recently
issued $67,300,000 in tax-exempt multi-family affordable housing bonds for the
Polo Run Apartments in Stockton and Innovia Apartments in Fremont.



 About Polo Run Apartments



 Polo Run Apartments is an acquisition and rehabilitation of 320 multi-family
affordable housing apartments by Polo Run Family Apartments, LP. The project
sponsor is ROEM Development Corporation (ROEM). Polo Run will continue to be 100
percent affordable and provide apartments to low-income residents in Stockton.



 CSCDA and ROEM partnered with Citibank to provide tax-exempt multi-family
affordable housing bonds for Polo Run. The project will undergo an extensive
interior and exterior renovation ensuring that residents have an updated, safe,
and affordable community to call home for years to come. The financing of Polo
Run will maintain the affordability of units for low-income tenants for 55
years.



 About Innovia Apartments



 Innovia Apartments is the new construction of 290 affordable housing units by
St. Anton Communities. The benefits of the project for the city of Fremont and
Alameda County include: 100 percent of the affordable rental housing units will
be rent restricted for very low- and low-income tenants; a new economic vibrancy
to the area; and the construction of 20 studio units, 130 one-bedroom units, 117
two-bedroom units, 20 three-bedroom units, and three manager's units.



 CSCDA and St. Anton partnered with Citibank to provide $42,300,000 in
tax-exempt multi-family affordable housing bonds for the project. The financing
of Innovia Apartments requires the affordability of units for low-income tenants
to be maintained for 55 years.



 Background



 CSCDA is a joint powers authority created in 1988 and is sponsored by the
League of California Cities® and the California State Association of Counties.
It was created by cities and counties for cities and counties. More than 500
cities, counties and special districts are program participants in CSCDA, which
serves as their conduit issuer and provides access to efficiently finance
locally-approved projects. CSCDA has issued more than $50 billion in tax exempt
bonds for projects that provide a public benefit by creating jobs, affordable
housing, healthcare, infrastructure, schools and other fundamental services.
Visit CSCDA's website for additional information on the ways in which CSCDA can
help your city.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content please contact:
editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 27, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             407 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         North Carolina Lawyers Weekly

                                  May 5, 2003

Residents Reach Settlement With Town Of Tarboro On Discrimination Lawsuit

BYLINE: North Carolina Lawyers Weekly Staff

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 999  words


Two years after filing a lawsuit alleging unfair housing practices, Tarboro
residents and the Town of Tarboro have reached a settlement.

The settlement opens the door for the development of affordable multi-family
housing in areas that had been restricted by the town's changes to its Unified
Development Ordinance (UDO) following the Hurricane Floyd floods.

"We wanted to see our clients have a reasonable chance to return to affordable
housing in Tarboro, their home town," declared Hazel Mack-Hilliard, senior
managing attorney for Legal Aid of NC-Wilson Office, who led the team of
attorneys who challenged the restrictions. "We believe that the removal of the
May 2000 amendments to Tarboro's zoning ordinance will bring developers back to
Tarboro and renew interest in building affordable housing. "

In the settlement, the Town of Tarboro agreed to restore all land that its
zoning changes had removed from multi-family apartment construction and to
reduce some costly requirements for setbacks, fencing, traffic studies and
on-site management. The town also agreed to pay the named plaintiffs a total of
$95,500 for damages, including $21,000 to the N.C. Fair Housing Center, a
statewide nonprofit organization dedicated to equal housing opportunity.

"We alleged in the lawsuit that our clients had been harmed by the town's
moratorium and zoning changes," noted Mack-Hilliard. "In our view, it appeared
that both the moratorium and the zoning ordinance were discriminatory and needed
either to be modified or to be set aside, which the Town of Tarboro ultimately
agreed to do as part of the settlement. "

In September 1999, East Tarboro, primarily a low-income, African-American
community, was flooded and devastated by Hurricane Floyd. With no alternative
rental housing available, the Federal Emergency Management Agency (FEMA) set up
a temporary trailer park, the Keehlin FEMA Temporary Housing Site, in Tarboro to
help house those who had lost their residences in the flood.

Two developers approached the Town of Tarboro in late 1999 and early 2000 to
seek permission to build affordable multi-family apartments, with funding coming
through the N.C. Housing Finance Agency. However, at an emergency meeting of the
Tarboro Town Council in March 2000, the town adopted a moratorium on all
multi-family construction. Then in May 2000, the UDO was amended to remove
certain tracts of land from apartment construction and to impose substantial
restrictions and costly requirements to the remaining parcels of land where
apartments could be built. One developer dropped its plan to build altogether;
the other developer, Pendergrant, Inc., saw its plans for Hawthorne Court
Apartments delayed for many months.

In April 2001, after having been contacted by the East Tarboro residents,
attorneys from Legal Aid of North Carolina began to examine the zoning changes
and the availability of land after the new UDO.

"We found that Tarboro's May 2000 ordinances had dramatically reduced the amount
of land available in Tarboro upon which to build multi-family apartments in
Tarboro where decent and affordable multi-family housing was already in short
supply," stated Mack-Hilliard, "Simply put, those people who had lost their
housing during the floods were now locked out of Tarboro by the town's
ordinances. We could not allow apparently discriminatory and unfair ordinances
to, in effect, kick minority residents out of town. "

During the summer of 2001, a litigation team from multiple nonprofit, legal
services organizations was assembled to meet with some of the residents who had
previously lived in East Tarboro rental housing and to consider possible courses
of action. The team included attorneys from LANC, the North Carolina Justice &
Community Development Center, the Land Loss Prevention Project, local private
counsel and the N.C. Fair Housing Center.

"The center contacted many public and private multi-family developers who felt
that the zoning ordinance passed by the Town of Tarboro would add tens of
thousands of dollars to development costs and would make the future projects
unprofitable," said Stella Adams, NCFHC's executive director. "While we were
pleased to see that Hawthorne Court was being constructed through our efforts,
the center joined with the individual residents to ensure that multi-family
housing would be a viable option for Tarboro families in the future. "

Fourteen Tarboro residents became named plaintiffs in the lawsuit filed in
September 2001. The residents sued the Town of Tarboro. In their complaint, the
residents alleged that the town discriminated against them on the basis of race
and familial status in violation of the Fair Housing Act when it adopted the
March 2000 moratorium on multi-family housing and amended its UDO in May 2000.

Following a year of discovery that included dozens of depositions, the residents
and the town agreed to mediation in January 2003. During mediation, the town
agreed to the changes to the UDO and monetary damages for the plaintiffs. The
residents in turn modified their damages claims against the town.

"The N.C. Fair Housing Center is extremely pleased with this result," stated
Adams, "and our congratulations to the Tarboro residents and to the legal aid
community for its commitment to ensure equal justice. We also hope that this
will serve as a cautionary tale to other communities that would use their
governmental powers to deny housing opportunities to people of color or families
with children. "

Mack-Hilliard agreed. "We think that the Tarboro situation resulted in a win-win
agreement," remarked Mack-Hilliard. "Everybody deserves the opportunity to have
a decent place to live. And in this case, citizens spoke up to ensure that such
fair housing opportunity is available in Tarboro. "

Legal Aid of North Carolina is a 501(c)3, nonprofit organization that provides
free, legal representation in civil matters to eligible clients in North
Carolina through 25 offices and four project units across the state.

LOAD-DATE: October 27, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Legal activity (lawsuits etc.)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2003 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved


                             408 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

           Copyright 2014 World Market Intelligence Private Limited,
                              All Rights Reserved


                            WMI - Business Analysis

                  * * * * * * * * * * NOTE * * * * * * * * * *
            World Market Intelligence company reports are based on a
             core set of research techniques which ensure the best
            possible level of quality and accuracy of data. The key
             sources used include: Company Websites Company Annual
            Reports SEC Filings Press Releases Proprietary Databases
          Notes Financial information of the company is taken from the
           most recently published annual reports or SEC filings The
           financial and operational data reported for the company is
           as per the industry defined standards Revenue converted to
          US$ at average annual conversion rate as of fiscal year end.

                               February 20, 2014

                               The Related Group

                                   B.P. 4100
                                    Conakry
                                     Guinea

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *

COMPANY OVERVIEW


   The Related Group is a real estate development company. The company builds
condominiums, multi-family residential developments, mixed-use properties and
attainable housing. It classifies its business into condominium development,
market rate rentals, affordable housing, international, acquisitions, retail and
mixed use, sales and marketing, construction management, property management and
related companies. The Related Group along with its group companies offers real
estate development and financing, sales and property management. The company
operates through its group companies including Related Asset Advisors, The
Related Companies, Fortune Construction Company, TRG Management and Related
International. Its currently selling properties include Icon Bay- Miami,
Florida; One Ocean-Miami Beach, Florida; Beachwalk- Hallandale Beach, Florida
and Millecento- Miami. The company's current rental apartments under development
include Pier House- Tampa, FL; The Manor in Plantation; Doral View- Miami and
Flagler village. Its retail projects include The shoppes at Park Square; McKay's
Mill Village; The Shoppes at Cary Creek and Pecan Promenade. The Related Group
is headquartered in Miami, Florida, the US.


BUSINESS DESCRIPTION:



The Related Group is a real estate development company. The company builds
condominiums, multi-family residential developments, mixed-use properties, and
attainable housing. It classifies its business into condominium development,
market rate rentals, affordable housing, international, acquisitions, retail and
mixed use, sales and marketing, construction management, property management and
related companies. The Related Group along with its group companies offers real
estate development and financing, sales and property management. The Related
urban development group was formed to concentrate mainly on new construction and
rehabilitation of affordable housing communities utilizing tax credits,
tax-exempt bonds and municipal government funding sources.

The company's condominium development division has the expertise in residential
real estate development .It has developed more than 45000 units of luxury real
estate valued at over $15 billion. The Related Group's each rental apartment
offers a floor plan, which is fully furnishable and functional. The company has
built, rehabilitated and managed over 10000 affordable housing units.

The company operates through its group companies which include Related Asset
Advisors, The Related Companies, Fortune Construction Company, TRG Management
and Related International. The Related Asset Advisors provide lenders and
investors with comprehensive access to the market insight, financial services
and related expertise to choose or invest in the property. This affiliate
company offers services like construction management, property management,
sales, leasing and loan services. The Related Companies is a property management
company. It provides services in development, management and financing of
premier real estate properties predominantly across the New York City. Some of
the projects undertaken by the company include The Time Warner Center, Jazz at
Lincoln Center, Class A office space, and Five Star Living at One Central Park
condominiums. Fortune Construction Company is its in-house construction company.
Related Asset Advisors also works in collaboration with major subcontractors,
architects, planners, engineers and landscapers to enhance cost and quality
controls. TRG Management Company was formerly known as The Related Management
Company. It provides property management services to the various projects which
the group handles. It also provides expertise in the areas of marketing,
training, financial reporting, construction management and maintenance. It also
offers residential development, joint venture opportunities and acquisition
finance.

The Related Group concentrates projects on transforming areas in which the
company develops properties through its subsidiary, named, Related
International. Related companies is its sister company ,which is currently
developing Hudson Yard, a new centre of commerce, culture and community on New
York City's West Side along with Oxford Properties Group. The currently selling
properties of the The Related Group include Icon Bay- Miami, Florida; One Ocean
- Miami Beach, Florida; Beachwalk- Hallandale Beach, Florida and Millecento-
Miami. The company's current rental apartments under development include Pier
House- Tampa, FL; The Manor in Plantation; Doral View- Miami and Flagler
village. Its retail projects include The shoppes at Park Square; Mckay's Mill
Village; The Shoppes at Cary Creek and Pecan Promenade.



* * * * * * * * * * OTHER AVAILABLE REPORTS * * * * * * * * * *









LOAD-DATE: February 20, 2014


                             409 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       Eureka Times Standard (California)

                             April 20, 2007 Friday

Council hears plans for housing, green building

BYLINE: The Times-Standard

SECTION: NEWS; Local

LENGTH: 165 words


ARCATA -- City Council members heard suggestions for affordable housing and
environmentally-friendly buildings at their regular meeting.

The city can apply for a $3.5 million grant to build affordable, multi-family
homes, and $1 million for single-family homes. There is also $700,000 in grant
money to help programs for first-time homebuyers and rental assistance. Council
members took suggestions from the public Wednesday night, and city staff is
still looking for input.

Mayor Harmony Groves said anyone with a suggestion can call Deputy Director of
Redevelopment Larry Oetker at 822-5955.

In other business, council members heard a report from Planit Green, a nonprofit
group of that creates green community designs. As a goal for 2007-2008, Groves
said the council recently voted to develop a green building program. The program
would help all new city buildings be green certified.

"We're still looking at some of the different ways we can implement green
building techniques," Groves said.

LOAD-DATE: April 20, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2007 Times - Standard
                              All Rights Reserved


                             410 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     News-Journal (Daytona Beach, Florida)

                              May 27, 2007 Sunday
                                Flagler Edition

Survey: Palm Coast wants more affordable housing

BYLINE: KENYA WOODARD - STAFF WRITER

SECTION: SECTION C; Pg. 1C

LENGTH: 654  words

DATELINE: PALM COAST


PALM COAST -- Teresa Brown can't find a home she can afford in Palm Coast.

A credit manager for a paint supply company in Daytona Beach, Brown wants to put
the $815 she pays in monthly rent toward a home of her own.

Brown, who has rented a Palm Coast home for three years, said she likes the city
and wants to be close to her elderly parents.

But finding a home that won't overextend her budget hasn't been easy, Brown
said.

It's very hard to find something affordable," she said. "There's nothing
reasonable."

A city-commissioned study completed by the Florida Survey Research Center at the
University of Florida gave city officials a similar message.

The study -- based on a survey of 1,598 workers of 15 local companies and
agencies -- was released this month and found that Palm Coast lacks
affordablehousing for purchase or rent.

The problem is especially challenging for low-income workers in retail and
day-care jobs but also affects professional, moderate- income workers like
Brown, the study said. Flagler County's median income is $42,700.

Jennifer Ingels, a senior planner for Palm Coast, said the study was done to
determine whether the city is meeting its comprehensive goal to provide adequate
and affordable housing.

Despite the recent cooling in the real estate market, the challenge of finding
affordable housing is still ongoing, Ingels said.

Now things are a little bit different because housing prices are coming down,
but that still doesn't mean we won't have the problem again because we will,"
she said.

According to the study, multi-family rentals would give many low- to-moderate
income workers the "stepping stone" to homeownership.

Affordable rental housing could serve as a long-term solution for residents who
have extremely low and very low incomes, the study said.

The city could employ several strategies to create affordable housing, including
partnering with developers to create affordable rental housing, working with
Flagler County to use available state resources and identify local employers
willing to assist workers with down payments or rental deposits.

The survey's results, however, show the majority of lower-income workers desire
to live in single-family homes, which could jeopardize developers' construction
of affordable rentals, Councilman Alan Peterson said at a workshop meeting
earlier this month.

(Lower-income workers) may not want to live in that kind of housing," he said.
Councilman Jon Netts agreed, saying ownership of a single-family residence is
"the American dream."

You can build all the apartments and condos you want, but that's not what these
people aspire to," he said. "They want to own their own home."

Barbara Revels, chairwoman of the Flagler County Housing Task Force, said the
high cost of land and low salaries contribute to the lack of affordable housing
in the city. The recent increase in impact fees also has hurt because those
costs often are passed on to the future homeowner, said Revels, who owns Coquina
Real Estate and Construction in Flagler Beach.

A builder shouldn't whine about it, but we know more and more people can't
afford that," she said.

To help, the task force put aside about $700,000 of future State Housing
Incentives Partnership money toward helping residents with down payments and
deposits, Revels said.

At the workshop, Netts said there may not be one solution.

It's a mix of opportunities," he said.

City Manager Jim Landon concurred, saying a city task force will work to analyze
the issue and come up with possible solutions.

This is a huge issue," he said. "You can't just put your finger on it and say
'push this button' to solve it."

What is SHIP?

The State Housing Incentives Partnership assists local residents, based on
household income, with down payments and avoiding foreclosure.

For more information, including eligibility and income guidelines, contact SHIP
coordinator Valerie Bradley at (386) 313-4037.

SOURCE: www.flaglercounty.org

LOAD-DATE: July 30, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

JOURNAL-CODE: DBNJ

                Copyright 2007 ProQuest Information and Learning
                              All Rights Reserved
                               ProQuest SuperText
                    Copyright 2007 News-Journal Corporation


                             411 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          Massachusetts Lawyers Weekly

                                  May 8, 2006

Bernard W. O'Shaughnessy, Massachusetts attorney, dies

BYLINE: Massachusetts Lawyers Weekly Staff

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 166  words


Bernard W. O'Shaughnessy, a lawyer who helped low-and-moderate-income
Massachusetts residents find affordable housing, died Monday, April 17, of a
heart attack while attending an event in Los Angeles. He was 66.

O'Shaughnessy was born in Waltham and spent most of his childhood in Somerville.
He graduated from Boston College in 1962, where he had a full basketball
scholarship, and he received his law degree from Suffolk Law School in 1969.

Following law school, O'Shaughnessy began working for Model Cities, an urban
redevelopment program where he was involved in real estate law. In 1975, he
joined the Massachusetts Housing Finance Agency, or MassHousing, and remained
there for 20 years, providing ownership and rental housing to
low-and-moderate-income residents, according to The Boston Globe.

In 1996, O'Shaughnessy went to work as a real estate consultant to developers of
multi-family housing, ensuring that developers received funding to build
affordable housing, The Globe also reported.

LOAD-DATE: July 19, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: General news

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2006 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved


                             412 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        The Observer (La Grande, Oregon)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                          November 16, 2011 Wednesday

LaMont ends 30-year run with Housing Authority

BYLINE: Bill Rautenstrauch, The Observer, La Grande, Ore.

SECTION: BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL NEWS

LENGTH: 635 words


Nov. 16--Maggie LaMont has been with the Northeast Oregon Housing Authority
almost since its start-up in La Grande in the late 1970s. Leaving after so many
years isn't easy.

But LaMont, who rose from a Gal Friday office position to executive director,
has decided it's time to call it quits. She's retiring to catch up on her
personal interests.

"I've got this retirement job called 'Grandma,' " she said. "I want to devote
more time to that, and I want to travel. I'm 64, and I think it's time."

LaMont, an Indiana native, came to La Grande in 1973. She worked at Terry
Trailers till 1980, then applied for an entry-level job in the Northeast Oregon
Housing Authority office that had opened on Island Avenue in 1976.

The agency, tasked with providing housing for the community's low income,
elderly or disabled, had just three employees. LaMont wore several hats in her
first years in the office, functioning as a receptionist, secretary and
bookkeeper.

Northeast Oregon Housing Authority programs grew and succeeded. In 1983, the
organization built an apartment complex on May Lane, offering housing to clients
who otherwise might not be able to afford it. The headquarters moved there, and
there it remains today.

In 1987, Executive Director Lynn Schlosser left, and LaMont took the job on an
interim basis. Later she was appointed to the post permanently.

"It was one of those things where if we'd hired a director from outside we'd
have to train them. I was already here and I wouldn't need to train myself," she
said.

Today the agency is one of 22 organizations falling under the Oregon Housing
Authorities umbrella. It serves Wallowa, Union, Baker and Grant counties.

In addition to subsidizing housing through the federal Housing and Urban
Development program, it provides public housing and operates a "rent to own"
program for low income families. It also has four units of transitional housing
for homeless families.

The agency employs 23 people, including site managers, maintenance workers, and
office staff. In a year's time it helps more than 900 people find safe, sanitary
housing.

"We help stabilize families," LaMont said. "If you've got 965 people whose
income is less than what the rent is, there's a lot of work to be done."

With LaMont stepping down Nov. 30, Dale Inslee, currently the agency's director
of asset management, is getting set to take over as interim director.

Inslee has worked at the agency five years, and LaMont thinks he's more than
capable of running the show.

"I've been working with him for a while, and he's pretty much ready to go," she
said.

Though LaMont will enjoy full retirement sometime soon, she said she'll be
pulling the plug gradually. After Nov. 30, she will help out with two projects
already under way.

For one, the housing authority is remodeling a school in Richland in Baker
County into a 10-unit living space for elderly clients. Also, the agency is
involved in rehabilitating a multi-family housing complex in Prairie City in
Grant County.

LaMont has expertise to offer, and she's not about to leave her co-workers in
the lurch.

"I'll be around to provide technical assistance," she said.

After watching the Northeast Oregon Housing Authority grow into an agency that
helps hundreds of people over a four-county area find decent places to live,
LaMont said she has some mixed feelings about giving up her job.

"It's almost like we've matured together," she said.

She said there are many things about the work she will miss.

"It's very rewarding when you help families improve their lives," she said.
"It's just the successes, providing decent housing for people who might
otherwise have to live in undesirable conditions."

___ (c)2011 The Observer (La Grande, Ore.) Visit The Observer (La Grande, Ore.)
at www.lagrandeobserver.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: November 18, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20111116-YL-LaMont-ends-30-year-run-with-Housing-Authority-1116-20111116

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: YL


                          Copyright 2011 The Observer


                             413 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           February 18, 2016 Thursday

New York: Moody's assigns Aa2 to RI Housing Multi-Family Dev Bonds 2016 Series
1-A, 1-B, 1-C

LENGTH: 835 words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Albany: Moody's Investors Service has issued the following news release:



  Multi-Family Development Bonds 2016 Series 1-A (Non-AMT); Underlying Rating:
Aa2; Sale Amount: $13,200,000; Expected Sale Date: 2-24-2016; Rating
Description: Mortgage: Multi-Family: FHA



 Issue: Multi-Family Development Bonds 2016 Series 1-B (Non-AMT); Underlying
Rating: Aa2; Sale Amount: $16,900,000; Expected Sale Date: 2-24-2016; Rating
Description: Mortgage: Multi-Family: FHA



 Issue: Multi-Family Development Bonds 2016 Series 1-C (AMT); Underlying Rating:
Aa2; Sale Amount: $19,625,000; Expected Sale Date: 2-24-2016; Rating
Description: Mortgage: Multi-Family: FHA



 Summary Rating Rationale



 Moody's Investors Service has assigned Aa2 ratings to the proposed Rhode Island
Housing and Mortgage Finance Corporation (Rhode Island Housing) Multi-Family
Development Bonds Series 1-A, 1-B, and 1-C and affirmed the Aa2 ratings on the
outstanding parity debt. The outlook remains stable.





 The ratings are based on the program's strong financial position and portfolio
performance, which offsets the risk related to uninsured loans within the
program.



 Rating Outlook



 The outlook on the ratings is stable due to enhancement of the majority of
permanent loans with FHA Risk-Sharing Insurance and our anticipation that the
uninsured loans will continue to perform.



 Factors that Could Lead to an Upgrade



 Substantial increase in the asset to debt ratio of the program combined with a
shift in the portfolio composition to include more insured or guaranteed
construction and permanent loans.



 Factors that Could Lead to a Downgrade



 A decision to weaken the credit enhancement provided within the portfolio as
the portfolio grows or a deterioration in the financial performance of the
portfolio.



 Legal Security



 The bonds are special revenue obligations of the agency. They are secured by
the mortgage loans, revenues and investments held under the resolution. The
Indenture provides for a debt service reserve for the loans insured by the
Federal Housing Administration (FHA) Risk Share program in an amount equal to 6
months of debt service payments. Risk share loans are also secured with one
month of mortgage interest.



 Use of Proceeds



 The proceeds of the 2016 1-A bonds and the 2016 1-B bonds are expected to be
used to finance 2 construction and 3 permanent loans for three rental housing
developments. The proceeds of the 2016 1-C bonds are expected to be used to
refund bonds issued under the agency's General Housing Program Bond Resolution.
Upon such refunding, the associated mortgage loans and other assets of the
refunded bonds will be transferred to and subject to the lien and pledge of the
Multi-Family Development Bonds resolution and allocated to the series bonds.



 Obligor Profile



 The obligor, the Multi-Family Development Bonds resolution, was adopted on
November 19, 2009 to finance mortgage loans for affordable housing in the state
of Rhode Island. The issuer, Rhode Island Housing, was created in 1973 as a
public corporation and instrumentality and agency of the State but does not
constitute a department of State Government.



 Methodology



 The principal methodology used in this rating was U.S. Housing Finance Agency
Multifamily Methodology published in September 2014. Please see the Ratings
Methodologies page on www.moodys.com for a copy of this methodology.



 Regulatory Disclosures



 For ratings issued on a program, series or category/class of debt, this
announcement provides certain regulatory disclosures in relation to each rating
of a subsequently issued bond or note of the same series or category/class of
debt or pursuant to a program for which the ratings are derived exclusively from
existing ratings in accordance with Moody's rating practices. For ratings issued
on a support provider, this announcement provides certain regulatory disclosures
in relation to the credit rating action on the support provider and in relation
to each particular credit rating action for securities that derive their credit
ratings from the support provider's credit rating. For provisional ratings, this
announcement provides certain regulatory disclosures in relation to the
provisional rating assigned, and in relation to a definitive rating that may be
assigned subsequent to the final issuance of the debt, in each case where the
transaction structure and terms have not changed prior to the assignment of the
definitive rating in a manner that would have affected the rating. For further
information please see the ratings tab on the issuer/entity page for the
respective issuer on www.moodys.com.



 Regulatory disclosures contained in this press release apply to the credit
rating and, if applicable, the related rating outlook or rating review.



 Please see www.moodys.com for any updates on changes to the lead rating analyst
and to the Moody's legal entity that has issued the rating.





 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: February 19, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             414 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           February 18, 2016 Thursday

New York: Moody's assigns Aa2 to RI Housing Multi-Family Dev Bonds 2016 Series
1-A, 1-B, 1-C

LENGTH: 835 words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Albany: Moody's Investors Service has issued the following news release:



  Multi-Family Development Bonds 2016 Series 1-A (Non-AMT); Underlying Rating:
Aa2; Sale Amount: $13,200,000; Expected Sale Date: 2-24-2016; Rating
Description: Mortgage: Multi-Family: FHA



 Issue: Multi-Family Development Bonds 2016 Series 1-B (Non-AMT); Underlying
Rating: Aa2; Sale Amount: $16,900,000; Expected Sale Date: 2-24-2016; Rating
Description: Mortgage: Multi-Family: FHA



 Issue: Multi-Family Development Bonds 2016 Series 1-C (AMT); Underlying Rating:
Aa2; Sale Amount: $19,625,000; Expected Sale Date: 2-24-2016; Rating
Description: Mortgage: Multi-Family: FHA



 Summary Rating Rationale



 Moody's Investors Service has assigned Aa2 ratings to the proposed Rhode Island
Housing and Mortgage Finance Corporation (Rhode Island Housing) Multi-Family
Development Bonds Series 1-A, 1-B, and 1-C and affirmed the Aa2 ratings on the
outstanding parity debt. The outlook remains stable.





 The ratings are based on the program's strong financial position and portfolio
performance, which offsets the risk related to uninsured loans within the
program.



 Rating Outlook



 The outlook on the ratings is stable due to enhancement of the majority of
permanent loans with FHA Risk-Sharing Insurance and our anticipation that the
uninsured loans will continue to perform.



 Factors that Could Lead to an Upgrade



 Substantial increase in the asset to debt ratio of the program combined with a
shift in the portfolio composition to include more insured or guaranteed
construction and permanent loans.



 Factors that Could Lead to a Downgrade



 A decision to weaken the credit enhancement provided within the portfolio as
the portfolio grows or a deterioration in the financial performance of the
portfolio.



 Legal Security



 The bonds are special revenue obligations of the agency. They are secured by
the mortgage loans, revenues and investments held under the resolution. The
Indenture provides for a debt service reserve for the loans insured by the
Federal Housing Administration (FHA) Risk Share program in an amount equal to 6
months of debt service payments. Risk share loans are also secured with one
month of mortgage interest.



 Use of Proceeds



 The proceeds of the 2016 1-A bonds and the 2016 1-B bonds are expected to be
used to finance 2 construction and 3 permanent loans for three rental housing
developments. The proceeds of the 2016 1-C bonds are expected to be used to
refund bonds issued under the agency's General Housing Program Bond Resolution.
Upon such refunding, the associated mortgage loans and other assets of the
refunded bonds will be transferred to and subject to the lien and pledge of the
Multi-Family Development Bonds resolution and allocated to the series bonds.



 Obligor Profile



 The obligor, the Multi-Family Development Bonds resolution, was adopted on
November 19, 2009 to finance mortgage loans for affordable housing in the state
of Rhode Island. The issuer, Rhode Island Housing, was created in 1973 as a
public corporation and instrumentality and agency of the State but does not
constitute a department of State Government.



 Methodology



 The principal methodology used in this rating was U.S. Housing Finance Agency
Multifamily Methodology published in September 2014. Please see the Ratings
Methodologies page on www.moodys.com for a copy of this methodology.



 Regulatory Disclosures



 For ratings issued on a program, series or category/class of debt, this
announcement provides certain regulatory disclosures in relation to each rating
of a subsequently issued bond or note of the same series or category/class of
debt or pursuant to a program for which the ratings are derived exclusively from
existing ratings in accordance with Moody's rating practices. For ratings issued
on a support provider, this announcement provides certain regulatory disclosures
in relation to the credit rating action on the support provider and in relation
to each particular credit rating action for securities that derive their credit
ratings from the support provider's credit rating. For provisional ratings, this
announcement provides certain regulatory disclosures in relation to the
provisional rating assigned, and in relation to a definitive rating that may be
assigned subsequent to the final issuance of the debt, in each case where the
transaction structure and terms have not changed prior to the assignment of the
definitive rating in a manner that would have affected the rating. For further
information please see the ratings tab on the issuer/entity page for the
respective issuer on www.moodys.com.



 Regulatory disclosures contained in this press release apply to the credit
rating and, if applicable, the related rating outlook or rating review.



 Please see www.moodys.com for any updates on changes to the lead rating analyst
and to the Moody's legal entity that has issued the rating.





 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: February 18, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             415 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           February 18, 2016 Thursday

New York: Moody's assigns Aa2 to RI Housing Multi-Family Dev Bonds 2016 Series
1-A, 1-B, 1-C

LENGTH: 835 words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Albany: Moody's Investors Service has issued the following news release:



  Multi-Family Development Bonds 2016 Series 1-A (Non-AMT); Underlying Rating:
Aa2; Sale Amount: $13,200,000; Expected Sale Date: 2-24-2016; Rating
Description: Mortgage: Multi-Family: FHA



 Issue: Multi-Family Development Bonds 2016 Series 1-B (Non-AMT); Underlying
Rating: Aa2; Sale Amount: $16,900,000; Expected Sale Date: 2-24-2016; Rating
Description: Mortgage: Multi-Family: FHA



 Issue: Multi-Family Development Bonds 2016 Series 1-C (AMT); Underlying Rating:
Aa2; Sale Amount: $19,625,000; Expected Sale Date: 2-24-2016; Rating
Description: Mortgage: Multi-Family: FHA



 Summary Rating Rationale



 Moody's Investors Service has assigned Aa2 ratings to the proposed Rhode Island
Housing and Mortgage Finance Corporation (Rhode Island Housing) Multi-Family
Development Bonds Series 1-A, 1-B, and 1-C and affirmed the Aa2 ratings on the
outstanding parity debt. The outlook remains stable.





 The ratings are based on the program's strong financial position and portfolio
performance, which offsets the risk related to uninsured loans within the
program.



 Rating Outlook



 The outlook on the ratings is stable due to enhancement of the majority of
permanent loans with FHA Risk-Sharing Insurance and our anticipation that the
uninsured loans will continue to perform.



 Factors that Could Lead to an Upgrade



 Substantial increase in the asset to debt ratio of the program combined with a
shift in the portfolio composition to include more insured or guaranteed
construction and permanent loans.



 Factors that Could Lead to a Downgrade



 A decision to weaken the credit enhancement provided within the portfolio as
the portfolio grows or a deterioration in the financial performance of the
portfolio.



 Legal Security



 The bonds are special revenue obligations of the agency. They are secured by
the mortgage loans, revenues and investments held under the resolution. The
Indenture provides for a debt service reserve for the loans insured by the
Federal Housing Administration (FHA) Risk Share program in an amount equal to 6
months of debt service payments. Risk share loans are also secured with one
month of mortgage interest.



 Use of Proceeds



 The proceeds of the 2016 1-A bonds and the 2016 1-B bonds are expected to be
used to finance 2 construction and 3 permanent loans for three rental housing
developments. The proceeds of the 2016 1-C bonds are expected to be used to
refund bonds issued under the agency's General Housing Program Bond Resolution.
Upon such refunding, the associated mortgage loans and other assets of the
refunded bonds will be transferred to and subject to the lien and pledge of the
Multi-Family Development Bonds resolution and allocated to the series bonds.



 Obligor Profile



 The obligor, the Multi-Family Development Bonds resolution, was adopted on
November 19, 2009 to finance mortgage loans for affordable housing in the state
of Rhode Island. The issuer, Rhode Island Housing, was created in 1973 as a
public corporation and instrumentality and agency of the State but does not
constitute a department of State Government.



 Methodology



 The principal methodology used in this rating was U.S. Housing Finance Agency
Multifamily Methodology published in September 2014. Please see the Ratings
Methodologies page on www.moodys.com for a copy of this methodology.



 Regulatory Disclosures



 For ratings issued on a program, series or category/class of debt, this
announcement provides certain regulatory disclosures in relation to each rating
of a subsequently issued bond or note of the same series or category/class of
debt or pursuant to a program for which the ratings are derived exclusively from
existing ratings in accordance with Moody's rating practices. For ratings issued
on a support provider, this announcement provides certain regulatory disclosures
in relation to the credit rating action on the support provider and in relation
to each particular credit rating action for securities that derive their credit
ratings from the support provider's credit rating. For provisional ratings, this
announcement provides certain regulatory disclosures in relation to the
provisional rating assigned, and in relation to a definitive rating that may be
assigned subsequent to the final issuance of the debt, in each case where the
transaction structure and terms have not changed prior to the assignment of the
definitive rating in a manner that would have affected the rating. For further
information please see the ratings tab on the issuer/entity page for the
respective issuer on www.moodys.com.



 Regulatory disclosures contained in this press release apply to the credit
rating and, if applicable, the related rating outlook or rating review.



 Please see www.moodys.com for any updates on changes to the lead rating analyst
and to the Moody's legal entity that has issued the rating.





 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: February 19, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             416 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                    The Orange County Register (California)

                             January 9, 2006 Monday

Mission Viejo to discuss Aliso Ridge plan

BYLINE: By MARIA HSIN, THE ORANGE COUNTY REGISTER

SECTION: LOCAL

LENGTH: 569 words

DATELINE: MISSION VIEJO


A vacant 23-acre property on Los Alisos Boulevard and Jeronimo Road could come
one step closer to becoming a mix of townhomes and a Target.

The Planning and Transportation Commission could make a recommendation to the
City Council tonight on Aliso Ridge, which includes 144 for-sale townhomes, 22
of which are designated for low-income households. A 135,000-square-foot Target
would be built on the other half of the property.

Steadfast Investment Properties and Target Corp. are jointly developing Aliso
Ridge. Fieldstone Communities will build the homes, which could sell in the
$600,000s, with some units selling for much less.

``I'd say about three-fourths of the hearing is complete,'' said Neil Lonsinger,
the commission chairman. ``I believe it's going very well, meaning the
applicants and people for and against the project are having their say.''

Cities are required to plan for housing needs, including low-income housing, and
Mission Viejo has not met state law since 2003.

Planning commissioners are continuing their review from December, knowing the
city is deficient 116 homes for low-income households.

An attorney for the Public Law Center has addressed the council on the issue,
and Mayor Lance MacLean successfully pushed for a special committee to help the
city comply.

Vice Chairman Richard Schweinberg said he thought the commission would make a
decision tonight.

Some critics of the project wanted a strictly commercial venture.

Others have said the Public Law Center's comments do not pose a significant
threat to the city.

Some commissioners have suggested the developer pay fees, an option built into
the development agreement, with the money going toward future low-income
projects.

Commissioner Chandra Krout said the city needed to plan for its future housing
needs.

``We need to be proactive and not reactive,'' she said. ``We shouldn't be
playing this game of chase, the city should be in the lead.''

If the commission takes action on Aliso Ridge, the council is scheduled to
review it Feb. 20.

The commission meets at 7 p.m. at City Hall, 200 Civic Center, at La Paz Road
and Marguerite Parkway. Call (949) 470-3000.

(949) 454-7363 or mhsin@ocregister.com

Timeline

February 2004 -- A plan for 99 single-family homes and 168 multi-family
low-income apartments by Steadfast Investment Properties was denied by the
Planning Commission.

March 2004 -- Steadfast proposed 97 single-family homes and 154 multi-family
low-income rental units. That would have met the city's need for 154 such homes.

April 2004 -- The City Council took no action on the development, instead
focused on how the city could get back into compliance with state law. The
developer withdrew its application shortly after that, according to city
documents.

December 2004 -- Steadfast and Target Corp. submitted a new plan with townhomes
and a 140,000-square-foot Target.

Dec. 12, 2005 -- Planning and transportation commissioners began reviewing that
plan.

Today -- Commissioners continue their review.

Feb. 20, 2006 -- The City Council is scheduled to review the development.

Who qualifies for low-income housing?

Based on average median incomes in the county, a one-person household earning
$26,900 falls in the very-low income category.

A yearly income of $43,000 would put that person in the low-income category.

For a family of four, $38,400 falls in the very-low income category, while those
earning $61,450 fall in the low-income bracket.

LOAD-DATE: January 17, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PRIME PROPERTY: An artist rendering depicts the townhomes planned for
the Aliso Ridge project.

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Story

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2006 Orange County Register


                             417 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                      The Vancouver Sun (British Columbia)

                           October 27, 2012 Saturday
                                 Final Edition

Densification forces builders to get creative; Polygon Homes CEO Neil Chrystal
talks about what makes his favourite projects work

BYLINE: Tracy Sherlock, Vancouver Sun

SECTION: SPECIAL SECTION; Pg. J7

LENGTH: 617 words


As president and chief executive officer of Polygon Homes, Neil Chrystal is
involved in everything from finding new development sites to designing
communities to marketing new homes.

He said creativity will be a critical quality for builders as the population of
Metro rises and density becomes more and more important.

"There is simply less land in town centres," Chrystal said. "I think developers
are coming up with more creative ways to handle density or redevelop sites." He
hesitates to name a favourite project he has been involved with, saying, "you
fall in love with a lot of them."

But he did say that he considers the Quilchena Gardens project, developed
between the late 1990s and 2007, as one that stands out. The site near Quilchena
Park in Shaugh-nessy was home to aging three and four-storey walk up apartments,
but he says it was worthy of increased density.

Many seniors lived in the rental apartments and Polygon helped them to either
move out or move into one of the new rental apartments on the site, Chrystal
said. Because the development was phased and the new buildings were built on the
footprints of the old buildings, they were able to save the mature trees and be
flexible with the residents.

"That was a really fun community to work with," Chrystal said.

Looking ahead, he sees a project in Richmond to be developed in partnership with
the Kiwanis, a service club that provides affordable housing for low-income
seniors among other things, as a "triple win."

The site of the planned development, on Minoru Boulevard across from Richmond
Centre Mall, is home to dated wood-frame buildings, which Polygon will replace
with two new highrise buildings for Kiwanis, along with market housing that will
be built and sold by Polygon.

"It will be there for another 100 years," Chrystal said. "It's a creative way of
densifying the urban environment. It's a win for Richmond because they're after
more affordable housing, it's a win for Kiwanis because they get new housing and
more housing than they had before and it's a win for us because we get market
housing that we get

to develop. We all come away winners."

Chrystal has worked at Polygon, which was founded in 1980, since 1987. After
graduating from the Urban Land Economics program at the University of B.C., he
began at Polygon working as an office-leasing representative. Soon after, the
company decided to focus on multi-family residential developments and Chrystal's
new job was to find land for new townhouse developments. Although he grew up on
the North Shore, he had to get to know the entire Lower Mainland because Polygon
has built more than 20,000 homes everywhere between Point Grey and Abbotsford.

From land acquisition he moved into sales and marketing and then became
second-in-command to company founder Michael Audain. Meanwhile, he had three
children who are now teenagers.

"Between work and family, it's a very busy time," Chrystal said. "You can have
all the success you want in business, but if your family is suffering it
probably wasn't worth it."

Polygon has built a lot of master plan communities, such as Windsor Gate in
Coquitlam, which includes Thomas House, home to an 18,000-squarefoot clubhouse
with an outdoor pool, a terrace, a gymnasium, media rooms, kids rooms and games
rooms.

"We know amenities are really important to our buyers," Chrystal said. The
clubhouses come with a coordinator who plans classes and activities that are
accessible to all residents, sometimes with a user fee.

When asked what he thinks amenities will look like in the future, Chrystal said
it's all about socializing and fitness. "I don't see that changing a lot," he
said.

tsherlock@vancouversun.com Blog: vancouversun.com/yourmoney

LOAD-DATE: October 27, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Arlen Redekop,  PNG; Neil Chrystal, president and chief executive
officer of Polygon Homes Ltd., says creativity will be an important
characteristic for buildings as Metro Vancouver grows increasingly populous and
dense.; Arlen Redekop,  PNG;  Amenities are important to buyers, says Chrystal,
pointing to the clubhouse at Windsor Gate.;

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 2012 The Vancouver Sun, a division of CanWest MediaWorks Publication
                                      Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             418 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                             National Mortgage News

                               February 22, 1988

Kennedy Bill Seeks Funds for Homeless

SECTION: Pg. 33

LENGTH: 451 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Rep. Joseph P. Kennedy, D., Mass., has introduced a bill to direct $ 500 million
of Federal matching funds to non-profit housing initiatives, as a way "to meet
the needs of the homeless and the ill-housed."

Mr. Kennedy, who is joined by Mayor Raymond A. Flynn of Boston in proposing the
bill, blamed the Reagan Administration for cutting the annual number of assisted
units from 300,000 in 1980 to 11,000 in 1987.

A silver lining in the Reagan legacy, however, is the rise of hundreds of
non-profit, community-based housing developers across the country, they said.

Mr. Kennedy said he envisions the Community Housing Partnership Act as part of a
comprehensive housing program that also would include support for private
development and for public housing.

Estimating the proposed funding could help to create 25,000 to 50,000 units of
housing, Mr. Kennedy said there were several advantages to directing funds to
non-profit groups.

"This housing will be sold or rented at the basic cost of construction, not at
whatever inflated prices a yuppie-driven market will bear."

He added, "by providing up-front matching grants to non-profit sponsors, we can
substantially reduce the carrying costs . . . and those savings will be passed
on to residents."

Numerous activities aimed at creating low-cost rental, cooperative and for-sale
housing, including loans and grants for construction, are eligible for matching
grants under the program.

Paul Grogan, president of Local Initiatives Support Corp., New York, said he was
pleased to see the introduction of the bill by a "prominent though young"
Congressman such as Mr. Kennedy.

He said the measure would contribute to the "rebirth of the housing issue," and
recognize the importance of non-profit, community-based groups.

"One of the most important aspects of this approach is that it leaves local
decisions at the local level," Mr. Kennedy said.  "The non-profit sponsor may
structure the projects as multi-family rental units, as a limited equity co-op,
a mutual housing association, or a home ownership program.

"The development can even be mixed income, so long as none of the subsidy goes
to the upper income residents."

A spokesman for Sen. Alan Cranston, chairman of the Housing subcommittee of the
banking, housing and urban affairs committee, said a 26-member task force has
been commissioned to come up with a national housing proposal by March 22.

Because James Rouse, the developer who started the Enterprise Foundation, is a
co-director of the task force, the proposal is likely to contain a strong
non-profit element, he said.

But he said it was too soon to say how Mr. Kennedy's bill might fit into the
final legislation.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1988 National Thrift News, Inc.


                             419 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                 The Bond Buyer

Housing: Moody's Expects Taxable Military Deals to Continue Robust Volume

                            August 5, 2004, Thursday

By Matthew Vadum



The volume of taxable bonds sold to finance military housing is expected to
continue to be strong in coming years, according to Moody's Investors Service.

That assessment comes as 100,000 or more units of military housing are expected
to be privatized by the Department of Defense in coming years.

In the past three years Moody's has rated 18 such transactions equal to more
than $3.5 billion of debt for 48,000 units, said Ferdinand Perrault, a housing
analyst at Moody's. Many of the bonds have been sold via private placement.

Perrault said that Moody's is reviewing four more transactions, but he declined
to provide further details.

"I'd say there are going to be many more military housing deals in the future,"
he said.

Perrault's comments came as Moody's published a report by Florence Zeman, a
senior vice president, that provided an overview of the credit agency's recent
activities related to military housing projects.

To reverse falling military reenlistment numbers, the Department of Defense has
been undertaking home improvement projects for old barracks. However, the sector
faces risks from the possibility of base closures and the likelihood that the
revenue behind the projects - the basic allowance for housing payments
appropriated by Congress to the department - while stable and predictable, will
not be adequately tied to market-rate housing costs.

Proceeds from the sale of taxable military housing debt are typically used for
mortgage loans that allow the department to transfer existing military housing
to developers subject to a 50-year ground lease. In exchange, the developer must
agree to operate and maintain the housing, which is made available to military
personnel.

Zeman wrote in her report that military housing deals have many strengths
compared to traditional multi-family housing transactions.

One strength is the built-in demand the military provides. While other
multifamily projects must compete in the marketplace, military housing has a
ready supply of tenants ready to move in. As long as there is no overbuilding in
relation to demand, this is a significant advantage, she wrote.

Another strength is the steady stream of income from service members in the form
of rent. "Although Congress must appropriate money for the basic allowance for
housing, we do not believe that there is much risk that Congress would stop its
funding," Zeman wrote in the report.

The report from Moody's comes five months after Standard & Poor's released a
related report, "Annually Appropriated Funds: Risks and Opportunities for U.S.
Affordable Housing," which examined emerging credit issues in taxable military
housing privatization transactions, tax-exempt Section 8 rental-assistance
deals, and tax-exempt securitizations of public housing capital grants.

As appropriation-backed affordable-housing bond deals become increasingly
common, analysts and municipal market participants are developing new means of
measuring the appropriation risk associated with the transactions, the Standard
& Poor's report said.

Copyright 2004 Thomson Media Inc. All Rights Reserved.
http://www.thomsonmedia.com http://www.bondbuyer.com

SECTION: WASHINGTON; Pg. 5

LENGTH: 530 words

LOAD-DATE: August 4, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 2004 The Bond Buyer, Inc.


                             420 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                The Denver Post

                            January 3, 2013 Thursday
                             THU ENTERPRISE Edition

Roads, chickens and housing all on radar

BYLINE: By Megan Quinn

SECTION: MAIN; Pg. 3A

LENGTH: 2282 words


Without a crystal ball, it's tough to predict what the coming year will bring,
but here is a look at the issues that will be key to Broomfield in 2013:

Projects bring delays, promise smoother travels

Major roads that surround Broomfield could see big changes in the coming years,
and the city and county aims to stay at the table as a key player in order to
guide growth and reconstruction in Broomfield's favor.

The reconstruction of U.S. 36, construction of the 120th Avenue connection and
legal deals on the Jefferson Parkway are among the region's transportation
projects that will affect current Broomfield drivers and future traffic in the
area.

Mayor Pat Quinn, who has made transportation a big focus of his leadership, said
he will continue to advocate for transportation-related funding to help complete
major construction. Yet Quinn said there isn't enough funding to get through all
the region's proposed projects, including FasTracks rail line, a regional rail
service that has stopped short of the northwest metro area in part because of a
lack of funding.

Creative thinking and creative fundraising will be a priority as he completes
his last year as a term-limited mayor, he said.

Working together with other cities and entities is key, he said.

"Everyone recognizes there's a lack of funding in Colorado," he said. "It's our
job to work though that."

There are several funded and partially funded projects that will affect
Broomfield's growth and mobility, he said.

One visible project is the U.S. 36 Express Lanes project, a 17-mile
reconstruction effort meant to alleviate congestion and provide users with more
commuting options. The project envisions a redesigned highway with a bus rapid
transit system, express lanes, a dedicated bike lane for cyclists and a system
to display real-time traffic updates. The road work will span from from Federal
Boulevard in Westminster to Table Mesa Drive in Boulder.

Broomfield drivers and bus riders will experience a few years of ongoing
construction-related delays, but Quinn said the payoff is a more efficient
highway.

The first phase of the project, which focuses on the 10-mile stretch from
Federal Boulevard to 88th Street in Louisville, includes bridge work, barrier
installation and temporary road widening.

Quinn also pointed to a breakthrough in the Jefferson Parkway, a regional
beltway plan that had been held up in court for most of 2012. Judges from the
U.S. 10th Circuit Court of Appeals cleared the way a necessary land swap to take
place this week, which is the first step in getting the road built, Quinn said.

The land swap involves trading a 617-acre parcel of land near the southwestern
corner of Rocky Flats National Wildlife Refuge for a 300-foot-wide
transportation right-of-way on the eastern edge of the refuge. This right-of-way
is a critical piece of the proposed toll road, he said.

Opponents of the parkway, including the town of Superior and environmental
groups WildEarth Guardians and Rocky Mountain Wild, tried to block the land swap
and the parkway itself, saying a comprehensive environmental assessment of the
road's impacts has not been completed. Opponents say the road could disturb soil
laced with dangerous levels of plutonium because it is so close to the longtime
site of the Rocky Flats nuclear weapons plant.

Road work is also scheduled for Broomfield streets such as 120th Avenue.

Broomfield and the Colorado Department of Transportation expect to continue the
second phase of construction on the 120th Avenue connection in 2013. The next
step involves relocating water and sewer utilities to make way for the road that
will carry traffic from the Wadsworth Parkway-Colo. 128 interchange across U.S.
36 and eventually connect to West 120th Avenue.

Once utility relocation is complete, CDOT in June is expected to bid for a
contractor to build the rest of the road connection.

Broomfield and CDOT said the utility relocation is an essential step toward
building the connection, which is meant to help relax traffic woes. Yet some
businesses said utility relocation could block access to their storefronts and
negatively impact sales during the construction period.

Commuters who use 120th Avenue will experience some delays and detours as
construction takes place, and work could extend into April or May, according to
Ronda Jo Ackerman Alford, a Broomfield capital improvement project manager.

Temporary ban on marijuana businesses

Though marijuana is now legal in Colorado, Broomfield appears poised to enact a
temporary ban on marijuana businesses within city limits.

City Council has not yet voted on the matter, but is expected in 2013 to vote
for a temporary ban on the businesses. The ban would sunset in early 2015 to
allow residents time to vote on the matter.

City Council is expected to take up the matter again in late January, according
to city spokeswoman Rosann Doran.

Residents have to wait until 2014 to vote on the matter because of the way
Amendment 64 was written, according to Broomfield city and county attorney Bill
Tuthill.

The temporary ban is meant to give state and federal governments time to figure
out how the law will work, said Councilman Sam Taylor. Colorado still must
decide factors such as a minimum age for employees, security arrangements and
other rules and regulations for marijuana operations.

Yet it is hard to predict how residents will feel about allowing marijuana
businesses, such as retail operations or manufacturing and testing facilities,
to set up shop in town. Voting records show that Broomfield is generally in
favor of pot -- 53.14 percent of Broomfield voters approved legalizing marijuana
in 2012, and 53.7 percent of voters approved the use of medical marijuana in
2000.

Yet 58.54 percent of Broomfield voters still struck down a initiative that would
have allowed medical marijuana dispensaries, on-premises cultivation operations
and marijuana-infused product manufacturing centers to set up shop in
Broomfield.

If the matter ends up going to a vote in 2014 and voters uphold the ban,
Broomfield residents could still be allowed to purchase marijuana and related
products in cities that allow pot businesses, Tuthill said. He believes Denver
likely will allow the businesses, because voters were clear about wanting better
access to the drug.

Housing boom raises affordability questions

With nearly 2,000 housing units expected to be under construction by the end of
2012, Broomfield's multi-family housing is expanding significantly as the
economy shows signs of improvement.

Broomfield officials applaud the construction as a sign that Broomfield is a
place where people want to live and work. The construction also means an
economic boost -- building projects bring in revenues from building material
taxes and water and sewer license fees, said finance director Pat Soderberg.

Yet officials said Broomfield doesn't just need more housing. It needs more
affordable housing.

A mid-year "sweep report" put together by the Broomfield Community Foundation
showed that affordable and alternative housing options are critical to
Broomfield's future, especially as Broomfield's population is expected to grow
disproportionately to its existing services.

Yet the city has a lack of affordable and transitional housing, especially for
those trying to get back on their feet or out of poverty, according to the sweep
report.

Karen Smith, executive director of the Broomfield Community Foundation, said a
group of city officials, nonprofits, faith-based groups and other volunteers
formed a housing task force to start conversations about ways to fill the gaps
in Broomfield's housing choices. They also will consult with housing nonprofits
and survey "housing insecure" residents, she said.

The working group will have their second meeting at 9 a.m. Jan. 10 at the George
Di Ciero City and County Building.

Smith said the group's ideas are preliminary, but the topics the group is
looking at are "out of the box" solutions using both existing and new units.

One option might involve nonprofits leasing existing buildings to transform into
affordable apartments and a community center where residents can attend
workshops, she said.

Broomfield currently has programs to help those in need of low-income or
affordable housing. Those include the Tenant Based Rental Assistance Program,
which provides rental assistance for two years to qualifying homeless or
low-income families aiming for self-sufficiency. The program, which is federally
funded, provides help for 12 to 15 families at a time, according to program
manager Sharon Farrell.

Broomfield FISH also provides some rental and utility assistance, in addition to
offering food donations and community financial counseling.

Working with developers in the future might be another key to bringing new,
affordable units to Broomfield, Smith said. Yet she added that Broomfield is not
interested in becoming a landlord.

Cheryl St. Clair, Broomfield's housing program manager, said developers don't
give the city exact numbers on the cost of each housing unit, which makes it
hard to discern what might be considered "affordable" as new developments pop up
in 2013.

Yet some developers specifically market their Broomfield developments as high
end or luxury, such as the Retreat at the Flatirons off Via Varra and Northwest
Parkway. When completed sometime in July, the 374-unit Retreat at the Flatirons
is expected to include features such as a dog grooming shop, a sauna, fitness
center and yoga studio, according to Aaron Johnson, vice president of
investments at Etkin Johnson.

Sorting out backyard chickens

Broomfield City Council is expected to take up the issue of backyard chickens at
its Tuesday meeting, and the audience is likely to be a little more full than
usual.

Neighbors have taken a particular interest in lifting Broomfield's ban on
backyard chickens. Proponents, including one family who had to give their
chickens to a farm when animal control came to their home over the summer, said
the animals benefit the community and keep grocery bills down.

Yet City Council members are almost evenly split over whether or not residents
of single-family homes should be allowed to raise chickens. Some council members
see backyard chickens as a sustainable way to keep food on the table and it is a
property owner's right to responsibly raise the animals. Other council members
said allowing chickens would open the door to neighborhood disturbances,
complicate the municipal code and become a slippery slope for residents who
might want the freedom to raise other animals, such as turkeys or goats.

Mayor Quinn said it is rare for council members to be so divided about a single
issue. Quinn is in favor of allowing chickens, as long as residents follow
certain rules.

The topic has drawn the attention of many residents who have turned up to
council meetings to show support for a change in the rules. Some have even
traded e-mail addresses with fellow proponents to keep each other up-to-date on
council decisions.

Broomfield municipal code does not allow people to keep chickens on residential
properties. Chickens can only be raised on agricultural-type properties.

If council approves a change to the municipal code, residents might have to
obtain a license and would only be allowed to keep the animals in the back yard,
not front or side yards. No roosters would be allowed, and chickens could be
banned by neighborhoods with enforceable covenants.

Other possible rules include setting a limit of three chickens per family.

If Broomfield does decide to allow the animals, they will join cities such as
Boulder, Lafayette and Longmont, which use various rules to keep chickens and
their owners from bothering neighbors.

Economy shows signs of improvement

With new businesses and a predicted increase in sales tax revenue, Broomfield
shows signs of an improving economy in 2013. Yet officials are not sure how
fiscal cliff talks in Washington could affect Broomfield's slowly-recovering
climate.

Broomfield's Economic Development Department said new businesses are a positive
sign that more jobs and more regional attention could help Broomfield's economic
future.

Mrs. Fields Famous Brands, the Sisters of Charity of Leavenworth and the
Colorado operations of CraftWorks were some of the larger names to relocate to
Broomfield this year.

Mrs. Fields announced its move to Broomfield from Salt Lake City earlier this
year, employing about 35 people in its office in Arista. The company also
announced plans for new flagship stores, including a new Mrs. Field's store and
a flagship TCBY store with unique products.

CraftWorks Restaurants & Breweries Inc. also claimed Broomfield as its new home
this year. The brewpub and restaurant group, which runs eateries such as Old
Chicago and Rock Bottom, will move its headquarters from Louisville to
Broomfield in February.

Meanwhile, Sisters of Charity of Leavenworth agreed to move its headquarters to
the Oracle campus, promising to bring up to 400 jobs to the region by 2018 in
exchange for $479,262 in tax incentives from Broomfield.

Deputy City and County Manager Kevin Standbridge said the 2013 budget shows
small but optimistic clues that consumer spending will increase throughout
Broomfield. He predicts an 2 percent increase in tax revenue in 2013, which
includes revenue from sales, use and property taxes.Overall, Broomfield will
bring in an estimated $46 million in sales tax.

Yet Bo Martinez, Broomfield's economic development director, said it is unclear
what could happen in the face of the fiscal cliff, especially for businesses
eyeing Broomfield for startups or expansion.

Contact Enterprise Staff Writer Megan Quinn at 303-410-2649 or
quinnm@broomfieldenterprise.com

LOAD-DATE: January 06, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: David R. Jennings / Broomfield Enterprise ROAD WORK KEEPS ROLLING:
traffic moves along US 36 while construction crews work on widening the highway
in Broomfield in November. Drivers can expect delays as the U.S. 36 Express
Lanes Project continues this year. Also on the table is utility relocation for
the 120th Avenue Connection project.
David R. Jennings / Broomfield Enterprise HOUSING KEEPS GOING UP: A worker works
on a building in the Flats & Towne complex near Via Varra Road and Midway
Boulevard on Friday. With nearly 2,000 housing units expected to be under
construction by the end of 2012, Broomfield's multi-family housing is expanding
significantly as the economy shows signs of improvement. But there is concern
about the lack of affordable housing in the city.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2013 The Denver Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                             421 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           February 23, 2017 Thursday

BZA HEARING 3/9/17 LEGAL NOTICE The Board of

LENGTH: 801  words

DATELINE: New York



 Boston: The State of Massachusetts has issued the following Public Notice:



  BZA HEARING 3/9/17 LEGAL NOTICE The Board of

 BZA HEARING 3/9/17



 LEGAL NOTICE



 The Board of Zoning Appeal will hold a Public Meeting, THURSDAY - MARCH 9,
2017, At the Senior Center 806 Massachusetts Avenue, First Floor, Cambridge,
Massachusetts. The following cases will be heard.





 7:30 P.M. CASE NO. BZA-012446-2017



 671-675 CONCORD AVENUE Office 1 Zone/AOD-4



 HOMEOWNER'S REHAB, INC. - C/O JANE CARBONE, DIRECTOR OF DEVELOPMENT



 Comprehensive Permit: HRI Concord Highlands is a new construction, multi-family
affordable housing project with 98 residential rental units. Proposed 6-story
building with open-air structured parking at grade below building. Open space
provided at front and rear yards of building. Art. 5.000, Sec. 5.32 (Table of
Dimensional Requirements). Art. 6.000, Sec. 6.12 (Parking). Art. 22.000, Sec.
22.23 (Green Buildings). Art. 20.000, Sec. 20.64.2 and Sec. 20.64.3 (Parkway
Overlay). and Sec. 20.95.1, Sec. 20.95.2 and Sec. 20.95.4 (Alewife Overlay).



 7:45 P.M. CASE NO. BZA-012350-2017



 29 BELLIS CIRCLE Residence B Zone



 DUDLEY WYMAN - C/O MARCELO TAGORE HERNANDEZ



 Variance: To demolish and reconstruct new house on existing foundation in
setback. Also seeking relief to continue non-conforming driveway width. Art.
5.000, Sec. 5.31 (Table of Dimensional Requirements). Art. 6.000, Sec. 643.4
(Driveway Width).



 Special Permit: Continue use, after house reconstruction, of parking within
side yard setback and within 5' of house wall and window. Art. 6.000, Sec.
6.44.1.AandB (Parking).



 8:00 P.M. CASE NO. BZA-012307-2016



 96 FOSTER STREET Residence B Zone



 MARY LORD - C/O THOMAS BAKALARS, ARCHITECT. Variance: Raise building foundation
to above grade resulting in an increase in FAR (basement) and height within
setbacks. New supporting foundation for bay window is in the setback. Art.
5.000, Sec. 5.31 (Table of Dimensional Requirements). andSec. 5.24.1 (New
Foundation of Bay Window in Setback).



 Special Permit: Door, window, skylight additions and changes. Art. 8.000, Sec.
8.22.2.C (Non-Conforming Structure).



 8:l5 P.M. CASE NO. BZA-012299-2016



 425 CAMBRIDGE STREET Business A Zone



 HUONG LE - C/O ROB COLMAN, ESQ.



 Special Permit: Request 5 additional parking spaces for 24 additional seats in
existing restaurant. Art. 6.000, Sec. 6.35 (Reduction of Parking). Art. 10.000,
Sec. 10.40 (Special Permit).



 8:30 P.M. CASE NO. BZA-012376-2017120



 120 MAGAZINE STREET Residence C Zone



 FOLEY FIORE ARCHITECTURE - C/O DAVID FOLEY



 Variance: To construct addition and dormer. Art. 5.000, Sec. 5.30 (Table of
Dimensional Requirements). and Art. 8.000, Sec. 8.22.3 (Non-Conforming
Structure).



 8:45 P.M. CASE NO. BZA-012303-201640



 40 ERIE STREET Special District - 8



 SIGNS ON SITE - C/O MELISSA NUGENT



 Variance: To install a wall sign 24'-4" from the ground to be the top of the
sign, which is 4'-4" higher than what is permissible in the zoning code. Art.
7.000, Sec. 7.16.22.C (Wall Signs).



 9:00 P.M. CASE NO. BZA-012107-201619



 19 CORNELIUS WAY Residence C-1 Zone



 ERIC PARKES, ARCHITECT



 Variance: To construct new roof dormer, skylights, and balcony within sideyard
setback. Art. 5.000, Sec. 5.31 (Table of Dimensional Requirements). and Sec.
5.24 (Yards).



 9:15 P.M. CASE NO. BZA-012410-2017209



 209 GREEN STREET Business B Zone



 RAYCE REALTY LLC - C/O SEAN D. HOPE, ESQ.



 Variance: To construct a deck partially within the rear and side yard setbacks.
Art. 5.000, Sec. 5.31 (Table of Dimensional Requirements). Art. 10.000, Sec.
10.30 (Variance). Special Permit: To add new windows/openings within the
setback. Art. 8.000, Sec. 8.22.2.C (Non-Conforming Structure). Art. 10.000, Sec.
10.40 (Special Permit).



 TO VIEW BZA CASE APPLICATIONS, PLANS and SUBMISSIONS, GO TO:
http://cambridgema.gov/bza, Click "Inspectional Services", Click "Board of
Zoning Appeal Agenda". Any information filed after the agenda has been posted
can be viewed at the Inspectional Services Department located at 831 Mass
Avenue, Cambridge. Copies of this petition are also on file in the office of the
City Clerk, City Hall, Cambridge, MA. Interested persons may provide comments to
the Board of Zoning Appeal by appearing in person at the hearing and/or may
provide written comments for the Board's consideration by mailing or delivering
them to the attention of the Secretary, Board of Zoning Appeal, 831 Mass Avenue,
02139 or by emailing them to mpacheco@cambridgema.gov Comments must be submitted
prior to the Hearing and include the Case Number. Continued cases are not
re-advertised but are posted on the office board at the City Clerk's Office in
City Hall and on the same BZA Web Page.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:  editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: February 24, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2017 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             422 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     Deseret Morning News (Salt Lake City)

                             May 28, 2015 Thursday

S.L. leaders announce $500K in grants to curb homelessness

BYLINE: Katie McKellar Deseret News

LENGTH: 727 words


By Katie McKellar

Deseret News

SALT LAKE CITY - Richard Carpenter grew up struggling with homelessness.

As a child, Carpenter lived with his mother in a van, he said.

But three months ago, he was granted the opportunity to leave homelessness in
his past.

Carpenter now lives in his own 600-square-foot, one-bedroom, one-bath apartment
in Salt Lake City thanks to one of The Road Home's affordable housing programs.
Under the program, his rent for the first three months was paid, and he's now
receiving services to help him find work and get on track to live independently.

"I've got a roof over my head, and that's what matters," Carpenter said.

That sentiment and a drive to prevent homelessness in Salt Lake City brought
city leaders together Wednesday at the Salt Lake City-County Building to
announce new grant opportunities aimed at addressing affordable housing
challenges in Utah's capital city.

Mayor Ralph Becker joined Wells Fargo regional president Dee O'Donnell to
present $300,000 to The Road Home and $200,000 to the Community Foundation of
Utah through Wells Fargo's NeighborhoodLIFT program.

Becker said the grants will help the city make "great strides" in achieving its
5000 Doors initiative, which aims to add and preserve 5,000 units of affordable
housing in the city over the next five years. The city launched the initiative
after a 2013 housing study revealed an 8,200-unit gap in Salt Lake's available
units.

"We have extremely low vacancy rates in the city, and the demand for quality
urban living is very high," Becker said. "Our multi-family building permits are
at an all-time high in the city, and market rates for these units have grown
year after year and have far outpaced personal income growth.

"As our city continues to experience this fabulous growth and increased
vibrancy, it's critical that access to housing for residents is not limited (by)
income challenges," the mayor said.

The grants will help fund a program developed with The Road Home to create 20
new housing units for the top 20 most vulnerable homeless city residents, Becker
said. Also, the mayor recommended in his budget this year additional funding for
the city's housing trust fund to support the Housing 20 program for the next two
years.

"We've recommended that our Salt Lake housing trust fund match the funds raised,
with a goal of raising $1 million for this effort," Becker said.

Secondly, the grants will fund an affordable housing rental subsidy program as
part of the NeighborhoodLIFT program, which will help subsidize new development
of multi-family housing for low wage earners.

So far, Wells Fargo has donated more than $1.6 million in down-payment
assistance to help people buy more than 111 homes in Salt Lake, O'Donnell said.

"This is (about) working together as community stewards, as business leaders and
as volunteers," she said. "With small steps come huge impacts, and we're so
delighted about these grant recipients today and the work they're going to do to
help prevent homelessness in Salt Lake City."

Alexandra Eaton, executive director of the Community Foundation of Utah, and
Matt Minkevitch, executive director of The Road Home, expressed gratitude for
the grants.

"This is a very wise investment," Minkevitch said. "Those dollars will be spent
locally and will support local jobs, landlords and help the most desperate
people get off the street."

In partnership with the 5000 Doors initiative, Giv Group co-founder and
developer Chris Parker built the North Sixth apartment complex in Salt Lake,
where he said residents of all income levels live - from people emerging from
homelessness, to people with law degrees.

Parker said the complex, which provides 89 affordable housing units, was
completed at the end of last year, filled quickly, and now bears a heavy waiting
list.

"There's nothing quite like seeing someone cry when they sign a lease," Parker
said, referring to low-income residents now living in his complex who recently
overcome homelessness. "It's a powerful moment."

Carpenter said while he thinks the city's current affordable housing projects
are not an "end-all" solution to the city's homeless issues, he said he was
grateful to hear of the new grants.

"It definitely gives me a little more hope in humanity and this community,"
Carpenter said. "It makes me glad I decided to make this place my home."

Email: kmckellar@deseretnews.com

LOAD-DATE: May 28, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2015 The Deseret News Publishing Co.


                             423 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                      Orange County Register (California)

                           October 30, 2014 Thursday

Average asking rent

BYLINE: BY JEFF COLLINS, STAFF WRITER

SECTION: LAGUNANIGUELAV; Pg. B

LENGTH: 444 words



HIGHLIGHT: Amount sought for apartments at big complexes rose 3.3% from a year
ago.


Average asking rent for big Orange County apartment complexes hit an all-time
high of $1,765 a month in September, apartment tracker RealFacts reported
earlier this month.

That's up 3.3 percent from a year earlier, an average rent increase of $57 a
month. The average represents the amount landlords asked for vacant apartments
of all sizes at complexes of 90 or more units.

The report comes a week after the USC Casden Multi-Family Forecast predicted
that apartment rents here would climb 8.6 percent more by June 2016.

"Orange County for a long time has been a very difficult place to afford for
housing ... and it's not getting any better," said Dave Levy, a program
specialist at the Fair Housing Council of Orange County. "Fallout from the
foreclosure crisis ... and strong employment is driving people into the rental
market."

Meanwhile, almost every available apartment in the county is spoken for, with
vacancy rates at large complexes at 4.3 percent in the three months ended in
September. That's the lowest rate in seven years.

"The marketplace is not producing sufficient housing to meet demand at a price
that's affordable," Levy said.

The Orange County city with the lowest vacancy rate also had the county's
biggest rent increases. Cypress' vacancies fell to 1.5 percent this summer, and
its average asking rent rose 8.4 percent, or $125, to $1,614 a month.

Average monthly rent has been rising steadily for four consecutive years,
jumping 18 percent, or $273, since the summer of 2010.

Studio apartments had the biggest increases, rising 3.9 percent to $1,326 a
month, RealFacts reported. The smallest increase was for three-bedroom,
two-bathroom units, which had an increase of 0.6 percent to $2,340 a month.
RealFacts bases findings on quarterly surveys of 507 apartment complexes with
133,586 units, representing about a third of Orange County rentals.

Orange County's big-complex average asking rents were the fifth-highest among
California metro areas. Silicon Valley led the state with an average rent of
$2,369 a month, followed by the San Francisco Bay Area at $2,285, Los Angeles
County at $1,939 and Santa Cruz County at $1,899.

But the rate of increases is relatively slow here.

Seventeen California metro areas saw bigger percentage gains than Orange County.
The fastest growing average asking rent was in Sonoma County, up 12.2 percent,
followed by the Bay Area and Silicon Valley, up 11.8 percent and 10.7 percent.

Still, there's no sign that rents are about to level off, said Nick Grotjahn,
RealFacts spokesman.

"Every quarter appears to be a high," he said. "The question is, where are we
going to top out?"



714-796-7734 or jcollins@ocregister.com

LOAD-DATE: October 31, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE:  Story

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2014 Orange County Register
                              All Rights Reserved


                             424 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       Vallejo Times-Herald (California)

                              July 1, 2016 Friday

Mayor critical of inspection program

BYLINE: John Glidden; jglidden@timesheraldonline.com @glid24 on Twitter

SECTION: A,A; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 614 words

ABSTRACT

Mayor OD is critical of proposed rental inspection program. City council was
introduced to proposed program last night.

FULL TEXT

Mayor Osby Davis expressed concerns during a recent meeting of the Vallejo City
Council about a proposed residential rental inspection program.

Stating that the city is "using a sledgehammer when a scalpel is appropriate,"
Davis was critical of the program, which is slated to cost the city about
$534,000 annually, if approved by the council.

Under the proposal, all rental property owners would register their respective
rental units with the city, according to a city staff report. The owner would
submit an affidavit affirming that each unit is in compliance with federal
housing quality standards.

Every five years all rental housing units would be subject to city inspection to
ensure each unit is in compliance with city standards. Up to 20 percent of each
multi-family complex would be subject to a city inspection to ensure the units
are also in compliance with the standards.


Davis said the current model paints all tenants and landlords "with a broad
brush." He noted that there are good and bad tenants, just like there are good
and bad local and out-of-town landlords.

He advocated for the creation of education programs to inform tenants and
landlords about their respective rights under the law.

The mayor highlighted the work of the Neighborhood Law Program (NLP), which uses
the law to remove nuisance conditions from neighborhoods. Davis wondered if the
NLP could be given more funding instead of creating a new program.

Davis also expressed concern regarding the number of complaints the city
receives each year regarding rental properties.

Using city numbers, he said the complaints hover around two percent each year,
and by quadrupling the numbers to include those who do not complain, the number
is still low.

"I don't believe it's a huge problem," Davis said.

Councilman Bob Sampayan said the program needed "fine tuning" but he is "very
excited to see this program happen."

During his time as a Vallejo police officer and association with the Fighting
Back program, Sampayan said he saw housing units with "deplorable conditions."

"I was absolutely offended by the things I saw," he said. "These people had no
place to turn."

A handful of local residents spoke in favor of the program, advocating a need
for tenants and landlords to be held accountable.

City Attorney Claudia Quintana confirmed the ordinance to establish the program
has yet to be written. City staff is expected to return with an ordinance for
first council review sometime in July, according to a staff report.

Anne Putney, housing and community development manager, stated dormitories,
hotels/motels, and residential care facilities would not fall under the program.
Section 8 housing is not part of the program since such rentals are already
inspected, she added.

Putney confirmed that renters would be contacted at least two weeks before the
inspection, and she stressed that tenants will have the right to refuse the
inspection.

However, should the city feel the apartment/home needs to be inspected, the City
Attorney's office will be contacted to begin the proper legal paperwork to enter
the residence, Putney added.

During the 2013-14 fiscal year, the Vallejo City Council allocated about $55,000
of Measure B funds for the creation of the program.

Funding for the program would come from inspection fees, and require three
employees. Two of the positions, residential rental inspection supervisor, and
inspector would be created just for the program.

Putney said the city's general fund will not be used to subsidize the program.

Contact John Glidden at 707-553-6832.

LOAD-DATE: July 1, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2016 The Times-Herald
                              All Rights Reserved


                             425 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                   October 23, 1982, Saturday, Final Edition

The Housing Dilemma

SECTION: First Section; Editorial; A22

LENGTH: 493 words


HOUSING and Urban Development Secretary Samuel R. Pierce is caught in a dilemma.
The Office of Management and Budget wants him to come up with ways to curb the
soaring costs of housing assistance programs. In housing, however, it's almost
impossible to stop what's already started, and the secretary has inherited
commitments to very large future expenditures. The 1984 budget he is reported to
be proposing tries to reconcile this conflict.

This year, federal low-income housing aid will cost about $7.5 billion. Even so,
about 40 percent of lower- income renters don't get needed help. The programs
are expensive partly because housing costs have soared, but also because they
were designed to be a better deal for developers and landlords than for tenants.
The most expensive program, Section 8 construction and rent subsidies, for
example, puts insufficient pressure on developers and landlords to keep rents in
line. Developers and investors also received mortgage subsidies and favorable
tax treatment. Because program contracts extend from 15 years for existing units
to 30 years for new construction, the government faces a future obligation of at
least one-quarter of a trillion dollars.

Since new construction has proved to be very exensive, HUD plans to end most new
starts -- after the well-timed spurt last month gave a needed boost to the
housing indicators. Subsidies to existing units would be continued -- though
perhaps at a reduced rate -- and 300,000 more households would be made eligible
this year. Smaller numbers of eligibles would be added in later years,
presumably working toward the goal of reaching all 6.3 million families
estimated to need help.

The secretary would also make small but important changes in the terms of rent
subsidiesfor existing housing. Households would receive vouchers, determined by
their income, with which they could shop for housing that met minimum standards.
This would give tenants an incentive to bargain with landlords for lower rents
and open up a larger range of existing units to eligible tenants.

The drawback of the voucher approach is that it's not likely to stimulate new
construction for lower- income families or to end the discrimination that still
keeps minority families out of decent housing in some areas. If HUD continues to
cut the value of subsidies, moreover, landlords would have little incentive to
upgrade substandard housing. Over time, the program might simply become an
income subsidy for people already in decent housing.

If the private housing market revives, however, and developers respond to the
improved tax incentives for multi-family housing, lower-income families could
use their vouchers to move into units vacated by those able to buy better
housing. It's a trickle-down approach, plain and simple, but in the housing area
it could help more people than past programs that tended to spend large sums of
money for the benefit of relatively few.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 1982 The Washington Post


                             426 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                    January 15, 1998, Thursday, ALL EDITIONS

Flat-out war;
Smyrna continues ban on apartment construction

BYLINE: Tucker McQueen; STAFF WRITER

SECTION: EXTRA; Pg. 01G

LENGTH: 344 words


In a continuing effort to encourage single-family housing, Smyrna has once more
said no to apartment construction, the city's seventh moratorium on apartment
development in nine years.

"The turnover that you typically find among apartment residents doesn't lend
itself to stability," said Smyrna Mayor Max Bacon. "And a community can't be
successful if it doesn't have stability."

The Smyrna City Council agreed last week to extend the apartment construction
ban, and to update the city's 22-year-old zoning ordinance to increase the
minimum size of homes built in the city. For example, the minimum square footage
for the smallest home allowed increased from 1,160 to 1,400.

Bacon points to an increase in recent years in construction of upscale,
single-family subdivisions as a sign of the city upgrading its image, plus its
new $ 26 million government complex. But the city isn't where it should be in
balancing single-and multi-family homes, Bacon said, adding that he will likely
favor extending the current moratorium when it expires in July.

Marietta Zoning Manager Kevin Fleming said Marietta has also emphasized
increasing single-family housing in recent years. He said the city had a
moratorium on apartment construction several years ago but now relies on a
land-use plan to limit apartment development.

That won't affect property already zoned for apartment development, Fleming
said, but it will affect new rezoning requests that contradict the future
land-use plan.

Marietta is also updating its zoning ordinance and is looking at Smyrna's
amended ordinance as a reference, Fleming said. Like Smyrna, he said, the city
is making wholesale zoning changes.

Apartment industry consultant Dale Henson said there are 14,451 apartment units
in Smyrna's 30080 and 30082 zip codes, excluding public and subsidized housing.

The only new apartment development in Smyrna is the 422-unit Walton Park on
South Cobb Drive, now in its final phase of construction. The property was zoned
for apartments before the initial ban nine years ago.

LOAD-DATE: January 16, 1998

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Color: Brick mason Osualdo Quistien plies his craft at Walton Park
 apartments in Smyrna. / ANDY SHARP / Staff

                    Copyright 1998 The Atlanta Constitution


                             427 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

              Copyright 2013 GlobalData Ltd., All Rights Reserved
                       GlobalData - Business Description

                                August 22, 2013

                          The Related Companies, L.P.

                               60 Columbus Circle
                              New York,  NY 10023
                                 United States

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *

OVERVIEW

   The Related Companies, L.P. (Related) is a real estate development and
management company. The company develops, acquires, manages, finances, and sells
real estate properties. Its property portfolio includes luxury condominiums,
multifamily apartments, mixed use, hotel, office, retail, single family homes,
and senior housing properties. Related's businesses include operating portfolio,
real estate development, real estate fund management, housing, advisory
services, property management, and sale and marketing.

   The company owns and operates a premier portfolio of quality assets valued at
over $15 billion, consisting of a diversified mix of real estate properties. Its
operating portfolio includes 19 luxury rental buildings with approximately 4,700
units, 18 retail assets totaling more than 3.5 million square feet, and
approximately 13,000 affordable housing apartments located throughout the US.
Related's operating assets also include over 5 million square feet of office and
trade show space.

   The company through its development division offers multi-family properties
to the multi-faceted Time Warner Center. In the Real Estate Fund Management, it
caters to in-house team and third party investors. Related has managed various
funds for both public and private organizations. The fund management platform
concentrates on three areas such as distressed real estate opportunities,
acquisition and origination of construction loans and multi-family housing and
retail opportunities. The company provides advisory services to third party
clients in the areas of construction, development, operations, disposition,
acquisition, marketing and sales.

   It provides advisory services to third party clients in the areas of
development, construction, operations, acquisition, disposition, marketing and
sales. In International activities, Related is pursuing select ground-up
development opportunities and provides advisory services to partner entities in
the China, Middle East and Brazil. In the Middle East region, the company is
pursuing destination real estate developments through a partnership with Gulf
Capital. Gulf Related, its Abu Dhabi based joint venture, in partnership with
Mubadala Real Estate & Hospitality (MREH), is developing and leasing the retail
and dining component at Sowwah Square.

   Related develops, acquires and preserves housing for Affordable Housing
division. The company has acquired or developed more than 23,000 affordable
housing units with a total value of approximately $3.5 billion. It has around
7,000 units under contract or under development throughout the country with a
value in excess of $1.5 billion.

   Related manages the developed properties. The company provides property
management services to all of its mixed-use, residential, retail and commercial
properties, including more than 31,000 apartments within 175 properties, and
more than six million square feet of commercial, retail and mixed-use space.
Some of its properties include 1214 Fifth Avenue, The Century, 1 MiMA tower, 225
Rector Place, Hudson Yards, Time Warner Center, 500 North Lake Shore Drive, The
Paramount, Mima and Lion Creek Crossing, among others.

   Related through its sales and marketing team market and sell its luxury
developments. The company provides its customers a seamless experience from
their initial inquiry about a property to their closing and residency. It has
offices in New York, Boston, Chicago, Las Vegas, California, Florida, Middle
East, China and Aspen Snowmass.


* * * * * * * * * * OTHER AVAILABLE REPORTS * * * * * * * * * *
Business Description                    Company Overview
Company Statement                       Events
History                                 Key Employee Biographies
Key Employees                           Key Facts
Locations and Subsidiaries              Major Products and Services
Top Competitors

 * * * * * * * * * * NOTE * * * * * * * * * *

   GlobalData uses a range of research techniques to gather and verify its
information and analysis. These include primary research, in-house knowledge and
expertise, proprietary databases, and secondary sources such as company
websites, annual reports, SEC filings and press releases. Disclaimer: No part of
this publication may be reproduced, stored in a retrieval system or transmitted
in any form by any means, electronic, mechanical, photocopying, recording or
otherwise, without the prior permission of the publisher, GlobalData. The facts
of this report are believed to be correct at the time of publication but cannot
be guaranteed. Please note that the findings, conclusions and recommendations
that GlobalData delivers will be based on information gathered in good faith
from both primary and secondary sources, whose accuracy we are not always in a
position to guarantee. As such GlobalData can accept no liability whatever for
actions taken based on any information that may subsequently prove to be
incorrect.

LOAD-DATE: August 22, 2013


                             428 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                      North Shore News (British Columbia)

                             October 8, 2006 Sunday
                                 Final Edition

DNV votes in favour of redevelopment plan

BYLINE: Erin McPhee, North Shore News

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 644  words


District of North Vancouver council voted 5-2 this week in favour of a plan that
will decrease the number of rental units on a Lynn Valley property.

At Monday's meeting, councillors Lisa Muri and Doug MacKay-Dunn were the only
councillors who voted against a rezoning and development permit application for
a proposed apartment development at the west side of Whiteley Court and the
south side of East 27th Street that was given second and third readings.

The proposal will rezone the property from multi-family residential to a zone
accommodating a mixed rental and condominium project by Polygon Homes.

Currently the property is home to 46 rental units. The new proposal will see
that number decreased to 32 rental units.

The project also includes the construction of 135 condominiums.

"It was very disappointing," said Muri following Monday's meeting.

Muri said many of the 46 families that currently live at Whiteley Court will not
be able to afford the new rent for the 32 new apartments and will be forced to
look elsewhere for housing, potentially having to leave the community.

"We are responsible for this," said Muri. "We have not addressed social, rental
or low-income housing in this community to the extent that we are redeveloping.

Market redevelopment is the priority and maintaining the diversity of residents
in this community doesn't always play the role that I think it should."

Muri said she hopes council can find an affordable solution for residents
despite an "epidemic" of decreasing affordable housing options in the Lower
Mainland.

"It's happening everywhere because everybody's trying to take advantage of this
market and they're trying to make as much money and cash as quickly as they
can," said Muri.

"People get caught in that race, in that panic, and some of them get caught on
the wrong side, like the residents at Whiteley Court," she added.

Muri said she wished council had more of an opportunity to look at the pros and
cons of this type of development and had looked more at the big picture before
making a decision.

"I just feel horrible for those people I really do," said Muri.

Mayor Richard Walton, who voted in favour of the application, said after the
meeting that this is the first time in about 20 years new rental units have been
constructed in the district.

"The developer has said they anticipate more of the owned units will be bought
and be put up for rent," he said.

There could have been more rental apartments included in the project had the
community, in consultation with the developer, approved a height increase from
the planned four-storey structure, he said.

Walton said due to high land prices, the economics "don't work" for new rental
housing construction right now unless density can be put on a site and a certain
number of both rental units and market units -- which subsidize the rental units
-- can be offered.

"That's just market reality," he said.

"At this point, the market is more or less determining housing in the province,"
he added.

Affordable housing remains a concern of council, which faces increased
challenges due to a declining land base, said Walton.

The district will be moving forward with a housing policy over the next year and
a half to try to come up with a strategy to ensure all kinds of residents,
including seniors and young families, can call the municipality home, he added.

In the meantime, development proposals like the Polygon plan are "obviously
going to generate a tremendous amount of public debate and interest focusing on
the rising costs of living in North Van district and there are no easy
solutions," he said.

When concerns about affordable housing were considered by council in the past,
council discussed the issue of illegal suites and basically legalized them,
providing a significant amount of rental stock, said Walton.

An adoption date for the bylaw has yet to be finalized.

LOAD-DATE: November 7, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2006 North Shore News
                              All Rights Reserved


                             429 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

              Copyright 2013 GlobalData Ltd., All Rights Reserved
                         GlobalData - Company Overview

                                January 9, 2013

                        Municipal Mortgage & Equity, LLC

                        621 East Pratt Street, Suite 600
                           Baltimore,  MD 21202-3140
                                 United States

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *


   Municipal Mortgage & Equity, LLC (MuniMae) is diverse real estate finance
company. It specializes in tax exempt bonds for the multi-family housing
segment.The company manages bond portfolio, which consists of tax-exempt bonds
issued by state and local government authorities to finance multifamily rental
housing developments (including affordable housing, student housing and senior
living facilities) and community development. It also has interest in IHS, a
company formed to raise funds to invest in affordable housing in overseas
markets.The company is operative in 49 states, including the District of
Columbia, Puerto Rico and the U.S. Virgin Islands. It operates through
subsidiaries, namely, MMA Financial, MMA Realty Capital, MMA Renewable Ventures,
and others. MuniMae is headquartered in Baltimore, the US.The company reported
revenues of (U.S. Dollars) USD 100.07 million during the fiscal year ended
December 2011, a decrease of 7.07% from 2010. The operating loss of the company
was USD 32.04 million during the fiscal year 2011, as compared to an operating
loss of USD 37.50 million during 2010. The net profit of the company was USD
28.00 million during the fiscal year 2011, whereas the company reported a net
loss of USD 28.71 million during 2010.


* * * * * * * * * * OTHER AVAILABLE REPORTS * * * * * * * * * *
Business Description                    Company Overview
Financial Ratios                        History
Key Employee Biographies                Key Employees
Key Facts                               Locations and Subsidiaries
Major Products and Services             Top Competitors

 * * * * * * * * * * NOTE * * * * * * * * * *

   GlobalData uses a range of research techniques to gather and verify its
information and analysis. These include primary research, in-house knowledge and
expertise, proprietary databases, and secondary sources such as company
websites, annual reports, SEC filings and press releases. Disclaimer: No part of
this publication may be reproduced, stored in a retrieval system or transmitted
in any form by any means, electronic, mechanical, photocopying, recording or
otherwise, without the prior permission of the publisher, GlobalData. The facts
of this report are believed to be correct at the time of publication but cannot
be guaranteed. Please note that the findings, conclusions and recommendations
that GlobalData delivers will be based on information gathered in good faith
from both primary and secondary sources, whose accuracy we are not always in a
position to guarantee. As such GlobalData can accept no liability whatever for
actions taken based on any information that may subsequently prove to be
incorrect .

LOAD-DATE: January 9, 2013


                             430 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                  Herald-Journal (Spartanburg, South Carolina)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             April 8, 2008 Tuesday

Report: Rentals taxing workers

BYLINE: Trevor Anderson, Herald-Journal, Spartanburg, S.C.

SECTION: BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL NEWS

LENGTH: 713 words


Apr. 8--The cost of rental housing in Spartanburg County is outpacing the
earnings of individuals with low and moderate incomes, according to the National
Low Income Housing Coalition.

On Monday, the NLIHC, an organization founded in 1974 to analyze the
disproportion between income and the cost of housing in the United States,
released its annual housing-wage report, "Out of Reach 2008."

According to the report, a renter would have to work 1.7 full-time jobs (40
hours a week, 52 weeks per year), or work 71 hours a week at the current federal
minimum hourly wage of $5.85 to afford a one-bedroom apartment in Spartanburg.
The national average at minimum wage is 2.1 jobs, or 78 hours to afford a
one-bedroom rental.

"I think it really speaks to the issue," said Danilo Pelletiere, research
director for the NLIHC.

"It's not just about getting a job; it's about getting the right job.

Even in a place like Spartanburg that isn't even considered to be one of the
larger metropolitan areas of the country."

For a two-bedroom rental, the report said Spartanburg residents would have to
work 2.1 full-time jobs, or 83 hours at minimum wage to afford the average
fair-market rent (FMR) of $631. The FMR for a two-bedroom rental home is $543 in
Union County, $544 in Cherokee County and $649 Greenville County, according to
the report.

Without paying more than 30 percent of income on housing, a household would have
to earn $10.44 per hour on average or $21,720 per year to afford a two-bedroom
rental in Spartanburg.

"It's a very difficult situation," Pelletiere said. "You couldn't even afford a
two-bedroom rental in Spartanburg on a two-income household."

Bill Faulkenberry, interim executive director for the Spartanburg Housing
Authority (SHA), said the perception for giving individuals with low and
moderate incomes relief is an increase in minimum wage. But that, he said, would
only create more problems.

"It would be a bit like a dog chasing its tail," Faulkenberry said.

"If you increase wages, it causes inflation and you're back to closing the gap
between earnings and the FMR. You can't stimulate the economy that way without
raising housing costs."

Faulkenberry said rent subsidies and capital from federal grants are the best
options for making rent affordable for low-income households.

Raymond Davis, SHA's director of Housing, said SHA is offering a variety of
initiatives and programs that help individuals in the low-income bracket afford
rent.

The first initiative, Davis said, is SHA's public housing program.

SHA owns and operates 10 multi-family sites with 994 units and an additional 31
single-family sites.

Operations of the public housing units are funded through subsidies received
from the U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development (HUD). SHA also
receives an annual allocation of capital grant funds for modernizing the units.

Public housing needs are filled by date and time of application or by
displacement due to governmental action and homelessness.

"I still think rental housing is a good option with things being the way they
are in the national economy and the difficulty people are having in getting a
home," Davis said.

HUD also has supplied SHA with 1,606 vouchers and 349 moderate rehabilitation
certificates for renters who enter into the Section 8 program.

In Section 8, vouchers pay a portion of the rent and the renter pays the
landlord the remaining balance, based on 30 percent of the renter's monthly
income. Rent is based on the Fair Market Rent figure.

To qualify as a low-income household, according to HUD, individuals must make 50
percent or less of the state's median income.

"There are a lot of other good options out there," Davis said. "We have
low-income tax credits, and the Spartanburg Housing Development Corporation also
has a number of programs that are helping people."

For information, visit: www.nlihc.org.

To see more of the Herald-Journal, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.GoUpstate.com. Copyright (c) 2008, Herald-Journal, Spartanburg, S.C.
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: April 8, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20080408-SG-RENTAL-HOUSING-20080408

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: SG


                         Copyright 2008 Herald-Journal


                             431 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

           Copyright 2014 World Market Intelligence Private Limited,
                              All Rights Reserved


                            WMI - Business Analysis

                  * * * * * * * * * * NOTE * * * * * * * * * *
            World Market Intelligence company reports are based on a
             core set of research techniques which ensure the best
            possible level of quality and accuracy of data. The key
             sources used include: Company Websites Company Annual
            Reports SEC Filings Press Releases Proprietary Databases
          Notes Financial information of the company is taken from the
           most recently published annual reports or SEC filings The
           financial and operational data reported for the company is
           as per the industry defined standards Revenue converted to
          US$ at average annual conversion rate as of fiscal year end.

                               February 27, 2014

                       Prudential Pritchett-Moore Realty

                                 Project Office
                          Farmington Hills,  MI 48334
                            United States of America

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *

COMPANY OVERVIEW


   Prudential Pritchett-Moore Realty (Pritchett-Moore) is a real estate services
company, based in the US. The company buys and sells residential properties. It
provides services that include relocation assistance with the largest relocation
organization, representation in all of Tuscaloosa county and west Alabama,
one-stop shopping with homeowners' insurance quotes and rental assistance, and
residential, commercial, and industrial and development services.
Pritchett-Moore also provides real estate brokerage, rental and relocation
services for open houses, commercial, land, multi-family and residential
properties. The company represents in Tuscaloosa, Northport, University of
Alabama, Lake Tuscaloosa, Vance, Coker, Cottondale and Brookwood.
Pritchett-Moore is headquartered in Tuscaloosa, Alabama, the US.


BUSINESS DESCRIPTION:




* * * * * * * * * * OTHER AVAILABLE REPORTS * * * * * * * * * *






LOAD-DATE: February 27, 2014


                             432 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                   The Record

                            April 21, 2005, Thursday

S.J. apartment market growing

BYLINE: By Bruce Spence

LENGTH: 569 words



Housing prices continue to swing up sharply, but the San Joaquin apartment-
rental market continues to creep up also.

According to the latest apartments-rental survey by RealFacts, a Novato real
estate firm that tracks the market, the average monthly rent in San Joaquin
County was $ 832 in the first quarter.

That's a 1.7 percent increase from $ 817 in the fourth quarter of last year.
Year-to-year, that was up 2.5 percent from the first quarter of 2004.

The occupancy rate of 92.8 percent was down 1 percent year to year.

Still, that was better than seen in most metro areas in the West, with rents
unchanged in the first quarter of this year, RealFacts reported.

In the Bay Area and metro areas such as Denver; Boise, Idaho; Portland; Seattle;
and Salt Lake City, average rents declined slightly year-to-year.

Some California metro areas showed increases, though. Inland Empire and Los
Angeles rents were up more than 6 percent year-to-year.

RealFacts surveys only apartment complexes of 50 units or more, and no figures
are available for cities in the county.

In San Joaquin County, apartment construction has been on the upswing in the
county.

A total of 508 permits for multi-family housing were issued last year throughout
the county, compared with 225 for 2003.

That new stock tends to keep rates down, said RealFacts spokesman Gerald Cox.

"If you look at what's come on line in that area, it tends to be higher end," he
said. "That's what makes sense to build now. When you have new product in the
market, it competes with what's there so it softens the older market."

The relative scarcity of new rental housing nationwide over the past year may be
contributing to the small changes in average rents, the RealFacts report said.

Most apartment-construction developments have been in California, as well as in
Dallas and Houston, the report said.

Most of the new apartments seem to be upper-level and out-of-reach for
low-income families, said Melinda Hazard, deputy director of San Joaquin Fair
Housing, a nonprofit housing advocacy group.

The market does seem to be softening for some reason, she said, "but the problem
remains affordability."

Toni Midura, marketing executive for The Torcello Apartments complex, at Bianchi
Road near West Lane in Stockton, said she doesn't see any problems in the market
right now.

"Stockton is starving for quality."

The demand for the high-end Torcello apartments has been excellent as
construction has proceeded in phases, and occupancy rate of the current 222
units, built in the three phases, stands at 92 percent, she said.

That despite the extraordinary home-construction boom that continually pulls
apartment residents out of the rental market, Midura said.

"Yet we've maintained 90-plus percent occupancy," she said. "That's a tremendous
sign of health for this market."

A final construction phase of 80 units is in progress, Midura said, and she
expects demand to be strong when the new apartments become available in July.



-----

To see more of The Record, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.recordnet.com. Copyright (c) 2005, The Record, Stockton, Calif.

Distributed by Knight Ridder/Tribune Business News.

For information on republishing this content, contact us at (800) 661-2511
(U.S.), (213) 237-4914 (worldwide), fax (213) 237-6515, or e-mail
reprints@krtinfo.com.

LOAD-DATE: April 23, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

KR-ACC-NO: SK-APARTMENTS-20050421

JOURNAL-CODE: SK

               Copyright 2005 Knight Ridder/Tribune Business News
                           Copyright 2005 The Record


                             433 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


               The Guardian (Charlottetown, Prince Edward Island)

                           December 1, 2004 Wednesday

Province major participant in Abe Zakem House

BYLINE: Walker, Andy

SECTION: SPECIAL; Pg. 6

LENGTH: 355  words


Abe Zakem House is the largest project completed to date under the Canada/P.E.I.
Affordable Housing Agreement, and Janet Wood is hoping it is just the first of
many.

A planning officer with the Department of Health and Social Services, Wood is
the administrator for the program. Although the agreement is funded by both
levels of government, the province handles the administration.

In addition to Abe Zakem House, several Habitat for Humanity residential houses
have been approved under the program as well as the construction of a group home
in Souris.

Wood said the approval process is quite lengthy and several other projects are
now in the final stages.

"Certainly, in the case of Abe Zakem House, the Kiwanis Club and particularly
Mark Belfry and his committee, deserve all the credit, " she said. "They have
put a tremendous amount of work into it."

Wood said the agreement, which was signed in 2003, marked the first time the
federal government has funded any affordable housing programs since 1996. She
said the major feature of the formula is the flexibility it allows to work with
all levels of government, the private sector or non-profit groups.

For example, she said, Habitat for Humanity co-ordinates all single family
applications. For multi-family dwellings, the regulations call for a minimum of
five units, and the building must be a new structure rather than renovations.

Wood said Canada Mortgage and Housing Corporation determines the definition of
affordable rents based on a number of factors including local market conditions.
When a project is approved, it is registered as a promissory note and a
forgivable mortgage - basically that means if the sponsoring group fulfills its
obligations under the project, the building is declared mortgage free after a
decade. If not, the mortgage must be paid in full.

Wood said the rental fee must include heat, and increases over the 10 year
period can be no more than the annual rental increase permitted by the Island
Regulatory and Appeals Commission.

"The hope is that units like Abe Zakem House will raise the standard of what is
available in the marketplace," Wood said.

LOAD-DATE: December 1, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 2004 The Guardian, a division of Hollinger Canadian Newspapers, L.P.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             434 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                      Daily Times-Call (Longmont Colorado)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                             April 19, 2015 Sunday

State seeks local comments on plans for spending federal flood recovery grant

BYLINE: John Fryar, Daily Times-Call, Longmont, Colo.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 651 words


April 19--The Colorado Department of Local Affairs will hold a public hearing
Monday night in Longmont to get Boulder County residents' comments about state
proposals for distributing about $58.2 million in federal funds to assist people
and communities affected by the September 2013 floods.

A similar hearing was held earlier this month in Evans, in Weld County. Another
is set for noon Monday in Larimer County, at the Loveland Public Library.

The U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development money is coming to Colorado
through a Community Development Block Grant-Disaster Recovery program to assist
individuals, local governments, businesses, and farms and ranches impacted by
the floods.

The focus of Monday's hearing will be the state's plans to use the $58.2 million
for grant and loan programs to help cover such needs as housing assistance,
infrastructure repairs, economic revitalization, agriculture, planning and
watershed restoration.

Most of the money is to be spent in Boulder, Larimer and Weld, the counties most
impacted by the floods. Fifty percent of the funds are to be distributed to
programs benefiting low- and moderate-income households.

The funds are to be spent on needs not covered by other forms of federal
disaster assistance, such post-flood recovery funding the state, local
governments and residents got from the Federal Emergency Management Agency and
the Small Business Administration.

As of mid-February, state officials had estimated that damages from the 2013
floods and from several catastrophic wildfires in 2012 and 2013 totaled $3.97
billion, and that the still-unmet needs for recovering from those disasters --
housing, infrastructure, economic impacts and watershed systems -- amounted to
more than $2.3 billion.

The state's plans for allocating the $58.2 million in Community Development
Block Grant-Disaster Recovery may be adjusted after the public hearings and
before the Department of Local Affairs submits them for federal officials'
approval

The $58.2 million will be the third round of federal CDBG-DR funding Colorado is
getting after the 2013 floods as well as wildfires that occurred in the state in
2012 and 2013.

Colorado initially received $62.8 million CDBG-DR allocation, followed by a
second allocation of $199.3 million -- for a total, counting the latest $58.2
million that's the subject of Monday's public hearing -- of more than $320
million.

Disaster recovery awards

Of the initial $62.8 million that Colorado received in federal Community
Development Block Grant-Disaster Recovery funds in the wake of the September
2013 floods, the state had awarded $47.3 million to recovery programs and
projects as of March 20, according to the Colorado Department of Local Affairs.
That included:

Household assistance: $12.7 million for rental assistance, down-payment
assistance and housing rehabilitation.

Housing construction: $10.4 million for construction of new units of
multi-family and single-family housing to replace housing stock lost in the
disasters.

Home access: $2 million for construction or repair of damaged or destroyed roads
and bridges that provide access to residences.

Infrastructure: $15.4 million toward local governments, special districts' and
nonprofit organizations' repairs or replacements of roads, bridges, buildings
and other physical facilities.

Planning and resilience: $900,000 for the planning of projects and programs to
recover from the flooding and to try to prevent future such disasters.

Economic recovery: $4.2 million in grants and loans to assist flood-impacted
businesses and for tourism marketing.

Agriculture:$1.6 million in grants for flood-impacted farms, ranches and
agri-businesses.

John Fryar: 303-684-5211, jfryar@times-call.com or twitter.com/jfryartc

___ (c)2015 the Daily Times-Call (Longmont, Colo.) Visit the Daily Times-Call
(Longmont, Colo.) at www.timescall.com Distributed by Tribune Content Agency,
LLC

LOAD-DATE: April 20, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20150419-1LC-State-seeks-local-comments-on-plans-for-spending-federal-flood-reco
very-grant-0419-20150419

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1LC


                        Copyright 2015 Daily Times-Call


                             435 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                            Lowell Sun (Lowell, MA)

                             August 26, 2005 Friday

Dropped zoning request fuels 40B speculation

BYLINE: ,By VANESSA HUGHES, Sun Staff

SECTION: LOCAL

LENGTH: 534 words

DATELINE: TEWKSBURY


Tewksbury

Developer Marc Ginsburg said he plans to sell about 50 acres near Ames Pond to a
Houston-based developer instead of asking Town Meeting to rezone the site for a
350-unit multi-family development.

The change is fueling speculation that the development may become an affordable
housing project, which could provide a major boost to the town's affordable
inventory and bring it closer to the state's 10 percent mandate.

Ginsburg had planned to ask the fall Town Meeting to rezone the parcel from
residential to multi-family district but said he is withdrawing the article. His
plan was not going to be filed as an affordable project.

Ginsburg said the Hanover Co. is weighing its options but specializes in upscale
multi-family projects using comprehensive permits under the state's chapter 40B
affordable housing law.

"All of the projects they are doing now are comprehensive permits. I'm sure it
is going to be at the top of their list now," Ginsburg said. "It seems to me
from what I've heard in every circle, from opponents to proponents, if it's
going to introduce that many units in town, the town would be better served by a
comprehensive permit."

Brandt Bowden, a development partner with Hanover company, said it is too
premature to discuss the plans for the site. A 40B project is among the
company's options, he said.

He said he expects the company to have more definitive plans in 90 to 120 days.
He and other Hanover officials met with neighbors this week to discuss their
concerns.

"We're striving to build a great development," he said of Tewksbury plans.

Hanover Co. developed the Villas at Old Concord Road in Billerica, an upscale
180-unit apartment complex permitted as a 40B project.

Tewksbury officials say they understand the company is looking at building the
same size project Ginsburg had planned, but as an affordable project, with 25
percent of units to be affordable.

The change would mean all of the rental units, including market-rate units, will
count toward Tewksbury's affordable housing inventory under the 40B law.

"If we're looking at the same density, but it is a 40B, it gets us doubling our
subsidized housing inventory. When comparing the two, the 40B looks better,"
Community Development Director Steven Sadwick said.

Only about 4.4 percent of the town's housing is affordable. Developers can
bypass local zoning for affordable projects and local denials can be overturned
by the state until towns reach 10 percent.

Once at 10 percent, communities can reject projects they don't want. If
Hanover's project goes through as affordable, the town's inventory would jump to
8 percent, Sadwick said.

"From a 40B perspective, we almost double our number on the inventory," he said.

The town has to add 600 more affordable units to get to 10 percent. Tewksbury
can also win a two-year reprieve from accepting unwanted projects by increasing
its affordable inventory by more than 1.5 percent in a year, and getting state
approval of a planned production strategy showing the increase.

Approval of a 350-unit affordable project would justify the two-year break.

Vanessa Hughes' e-mail address is vhughes@lowellsun.com.

LOAD-DATE: August 26, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 2005 MediaNews Group, Inc.


                             436 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                         Morning Star (Wilmington, NC)

                           August 13, 1998, Thursday

Wilmington rental crunch eases

BYLINE: TRICIA VANCE, Staff Writer

SECTION: Front Page; Pg. 1A, 4A

LENGTH: 977 words


When Jason Branch went looking for an apartment a couple of years ago, he had a
tough time finding something suitable and ended up taking one that wasn't quite
right.

He had no such trouble when he went looking this time. After looking at one
higher-priced apartment, Mr. Branch decided to move to Osprey Landing apartments
about three months ago.

"When I came in, they said, 'When do you need a place?'" said Mr. Branch, who
chose the complex near Greenfield Lake because it's a quick ride downtown to his
job as manager of Elijah's restaurant.

Many other apartment hunters are finding, like Mr. Branch, that Wilmington's
rent squeeze is over.

Large complexes, such as St. Andrews Place and Mill Creek II, have added
hundreds of units to the rental market.

"The market is a bit softer now," said Christy Rexroad, assistant manager at
Wimbledon Chase, one of Wilmington's older complexes. "I think they need to stop
building."

She's noticed a slight increase in vacancies but said the apartment building
boom hasn't hurt business much - at least not yet. It might if the boom
continues at the same pace.

"We've seen about a 3 percent increase in vacancies," she said.

Last year, New Hanover County issued permits for 2,281 multi-family units,
including apartments, townhouses and condominiums. Much of the apartment
construction is happening in Wilmington, which saw multi-family permits grow
from 179 units in 1994 to 1,678 in 1997.

And they're still going up. A new complex just broke ground off Covil Avenue.
Wilmington planners say the complex will have 372 apartments.

That's good news for people looking for a place to rent.

"The apartment industry is supply and demand," said Dean Sholar, district
manager for United Dominion Realty Trust, a Richmond, Va., company that owns six
Wilmington apartment complexes. "Any time you have a large increase in supply,
there is going to be some pressure to lower prices. You'll see more specials,
more opportunities to pick and choose."

With large new complexes entering the market over the last couple of years,
vacancy rates are up, he said.

To attract renters when apartments are plentiful, many apartment complexes offer
rent specials or discounts on deposits. A number of apartment complexes are
offering a $ 99 deposit. Others throw in a free month's rent on a 12-month
lease.

Wimbledon Chase cuts deposits in half if it has "more vacancies than we're
interested in having," Ms. Rexroad said.

But while the number of apartments is on the rise, lower-priced housing is
getting more difficult to find.

"There are a lot of things available," said Theresa Edmisten, office manger
Rental Referrals of Wilmington. "But if you're looking for a three-bedroom under
$ 600, it's going to be hard to find."

Your choices are better if you're looking in the $ 600 to $ 800 range, she said.

One-bedroom apartments can be found starting under $ 400 a month, but it's more
common to find prices starting around $ 450 to $ 500, or even higher. According
to the U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development, the fair market rent
for a one-bedroom apartment in Wilmington is $ 482 a month.

For a two-bedroom apartment, fair market rent - which HUD uses to determine the
amount of housing assistance allotted to low-income people - is considered to be
$ 590.

That puts the average apartment out of range of many low-income families.

Availability was such a problem a couple of years ago that the Wilmington
Housing Authority asked HUD to increase the fair market rent. The agency did so
after researching the housing situation. From 1997 to 1998, HUD increased the
fair market rent on a two-bedroom apartment by $ 78 a month. Such adjustments
are usually smaller.

"When people start having a horrible time finding a place to live, we start
looking at the market," said Alan Jones, the Housing Authority's executive
director.

But the Housing Authority, which manages public housing and oversees the Section
8 program that steers low-income families to apartments in the general market,
also has contributed to the shortage.

As part of an effort to revitalize the crowded, barracks-style Jervay public
housing project, the agency started moving people out of the 250-unit complex
four years ago. The last four dozen tenants recently were told to leave. In its
place will go a smaller number of single-family and multi-family units aimed at
a variety of income levels.

Meanwhile, a management agency hired by HUD has recently taken over Dove
Meadows, a 400-unit apartment complex serving low-income residents. Plans are to
close Dove Meadows and relocate most of the residents, Mr. Jones said.

Mr. Jones said the Housing Authority also hopes to persuade more landlords to
accept Section 8 recipients.

Some officials hope to demolish Dove Meadows and urge HUD to finance a project
similar to what is planned at Jervay.

At the other end of the scale, Wilmington is seeing an increase in "luxury"
apartment complexes that offer amenities like built-in microwave ovens,
wood-burning fireplaces and well-equipped fitness centers.

At Mill Creek II off South Kerr Avenue, prices start at $ 698 for a large
one-bedroom to $ 1,050 for a three-bedroom, three-bath apartment. The apartments
are spacious - the two-bedrooms are around 1,200 square feet, said Mr. Sholar,
whose company manages Mill Creek.

Despite the construction boom, he thinks Wilmington apartments will continue to
rent well.

"We're still in a very strong market, even with the competition," he said.

MAKING THE RENT

Fair market rents* in the Wilmington area and how much income it takes to afford
them.  'Afford' means no more than 30% of gross income goes to rent.
An error occurred in the processing of a table at this point in the document.
Please refer to the table in the online document.


LOAD-DATE: August 13, 1998

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Staff photo / ERIN WALL. T.J. Taylor works Wednesday on the
construction site at Mill Creek Apartments off Randall Parkway. Large complexes,
such as St. Andrews Place and Mill Creek II, have added hundreds of units to the
rental market.; Staff art

                   Copyright 1998 Wilmington Star-News, Inc.


                             437 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The Calgary Herald (Alberta)

                           September 12, 2006 Tuesday
                                 Final Edition

Politicians have tools to solve crisis

BYLINE: Danielle Smith, Calgary Herald

SECTION: THE EDITORIAL PAGE; Affordable Housing; Pg. A14

LENGTH: 713  words


The last time I wrote about rent control, one letter writer wrote in: "You know
there is an affordable housing crisis when Danielle Smith advocates a property
tax increase to fund social housing."

What I really said was if politicians want to provide social housing, they
should pay for it out of the taxpayer purse (and face the wrath of voters), not
force private landowners to provide social programs on their behalf.

For the record, I don't believe there should be any more money spent on social
housing, but that doesn't mean I think the problem is going to solve itself.

There are two ways to address the growing problem of high rents. One is through
onerous regulation, or what Chris Fay referred to in a recent column as
"innovate" policy making: Slap on rent controls. If landlords stop building new
rental housing, pass new laws to force them to build more. If buildings fall
into disrepair, pass other laws to force them to make improvements.

There is better way.

Rents are high because there is a shortage of rental units. The question is not,
what do we do about high rents? The question is, how do we encourage developers
to build more? Mark Milke got one piece of the puzzle in his column last week --
ease up the laws to allow people to build legal secondary suites. But there is
more that could be done.

I met with a local real estate investor, Peter Thymaras, at his family's North
Hill Diner last week. Thymaras was an economics major in university and has
given a good deal of thought to what could be done to encourage investment in
rental construction.

To begin with, let's acknowledge that builders are in the business to make
money, and there is a heckuva lot more money to be made in building condos than
in being a residential landlord.

Here's the math: In the current market, a condo developer would pay $250 per
square foot to build, sell for $400 per square foot, and profit $150,000 from a
1,000 square foot unit.

If instead he were to rent this unit out and net $1,000 per month in rental
income -- after taxes, finance expenses, maintenance and management costs -- it
would take 12 1/2 years to make the same profit.

Is it any wonder there is virtually no new rental housing coming onstream?

Thymaras proposes four policies that would change the incentives so
dramatically, we could end up with a rental housing building boom.

First, reduce or eliminate property tax on residential rental units. Council has
the power to create property tax sub-classes, without any change in provincial
legislation. Creating a new subcategory of "residential rental" and assigning it
a mill rate of zero for at least the next 10 years would stimulate more
construction than the city would know what to do with.

Second, fast-track approval of residential rental building permits. Right now
there is a backlog on issuing permits at city hall. The longer a prospective
landlord has to wait for approval of his project, the longer his capital is tied
up, and the more it costs him. The city should put every residential rental
proposal at the top of the pile for consideration.

These two policies would necessitate a third: If there is going to be renewed
interest in building residential rental suites, the city will need to change
zoning to allow for more multi-family construction. This will be controversial,
I know, but it doesn't have to be negative. I think one of the most interesting
and vibrant areas of the city is Mission, which is zoned as a residential
high-density multi-dwelling district, and has a mix of single family homes,
townhouses, condos and apartments.

Thymaras's final recommendation would require a change in provincial and federal
tax treatment of rental income. An individual landlord is taxed on rental income
at his marginal personal income tax rate -- in Alberta the highest is 39 per
cent -- just like interest income from a GIC.

Even though he can write off his costs, he's still left with a heavy hit to his
bottom line. Capital gains and dividends are given preferential tax treatment --
so too should rental income.

Politicians have all the tools they need to solve the affordable housing crisis
by channeling the market instead of trying to control it. Let's see them do it
right this time.

Danielle Smith can be reached at info@daniellesmith.ca.

LOAD-DATE: September 12, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Column

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


Copyright 2006 The Calgary Herald, a division of Canwest MediaWorks Publication
                                      Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             438 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Victoria Advocate (Texas)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            January 25, 2008 Friday

State project funds Salem Village upgrade: Tenants to live in hospitality units
during construction

BYLINE: Allison Miles, Victoria Advocate, Texas

SECTION: BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL NEWS

LENGTH: 483 words


Jan. 25--Victoria's Salem Village Apartments complex is cluttered with building
supplies and construction sounds ring through the air, but it will all be worth
it once the dust settles.

The complex, located at 5201 John Stockbauer Dr., is one of 13 rental properties
in Texas undergoing facelifts with help from the Texas State Affordable Housing
Corporation.

The upgrades will provide more efficient units and put the properties in line
with the 2003 International Energy Conservation Code, according to a news
release.

Each of Salem Village's 105 units will be equipped with amenities such as
updated kitchen and bathroom fixtures, new tile, doors and energy-efficient
windows. Central air conditioning and heating units will also be installed.

The housing corporation issued $34,900,000 in bonds to assist in the 13
properties' rehabilitation efforts, said Dave Danenfelzer, manager of
multi-family financing for the housing corporation.

Bonds act much like loans, Danenfelzer said, since they carry interest rates and
property owners repay them over a period of time.

"The owners of the property are the ones required to get any grants or funding,"
he said. "Our responsibility is to review it. This was one of the first pool
transactions where all 13 were done under one bond issuance."

Another $19 million in tax credits also went to assist the project, according to
the release.

Michele Hallum said she didn't have specific figures on hand regarding the
project's cost or how much was being utilized in bonds and tax credits, but said
the project would be "a pretty substantial cost."

Tenants will be temporarily displaced into hospitality units while their homes
are under construction, said Hallum, district manager with Capstone Real Estate
Services, the company that manages Salem Village.

"The units have only one bathroom, so we could not work around the tenants," she
said. "They relocate for about a week while the work is done and it's working
very, very well."

Rental rates will not increase, Hallum said. Because it is a Section 8 property,
rent is based on 30 percent of the tenant's annual income.

As an added bonus, the property will receive new playground equipment,
Danenfelzer said.

"We require family properties have playground equipment installed or
upgraded,"he said. "We want to make sure there are activities for kids to do
--that they aren't just playing in the dirt."

Allison Miles is a reporter for the Advocate. Contact her at 361-580-6511 or
amiles@vicad.com

To see more of Victoria Advocate, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.thevictoriaadvocate.com. Copyright (c) 2008, Victoria Advocate, Texas
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: January 25, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20080125-VI-State-project-funds-Salem-Village-upgrade-0125

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: VI


                        Copyright 2008 Victoria Advocate


                             439 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                    Daily Journal of Commerce (Portland, OR)

                             October 1, 2001 Monday

Portland Housing Authority welcomes new commissioner

BYLINE: Staff

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 499 words


The Housing Authority of Portland welcomes new commissioner Martha "Marty"
Schwab Harris.

Portland Mayor Vera Katz appointed Harris to the commission. Harris will work
actively on the commission as a representative of Multnomah County.

"We look forward to working with Marty," said Steve Rudman, HAP executive
director. "It is a wonderful opportunity to have a commissioner with such strong
background in housing authority management. I'm sure that she will provide much
needed insight into our activities."

Harris and her husband have recently returned to Portland after living 30 years
on the East Coast. The Portland native and Lincoln High School graduate has over
20 years of experience in a broad range of highly responsible finance and
general management positions in both the private and public sectors.

She spent seven years as director of the Delaware State Housing Authority where
she was responsible for all aspects of Public Housing Authority management for
two counties of the state, including Public Housing and Section 8. During her
tenure, more housing units were added, and the physical and operating conditions
of the housing dramatically improved. The Housing Authority established a
first-of-its-kind, rent-to-own program using scattered-site Public Housing, and
brought daycare, GED classes and a variety of other resident services to its
sites.

"I am truly excited at the opportunity to be on the HAP Board. The single most
rewarding position I have held in my professional life was seven years as
director of the Delaware State Housing Authority," Harris said. "The work HAP is
doing, both as a traditional Housing Authority and as a developer and manager of
housing independent of direct federal subsidy, is critically important to the
entire county. My experience in Delaware gives me a great appreciation for the
difficulties and the satisfactions that HAP employees face in doing their jobs.
I look forward to being able to help them and to making a valuable contribution
to my hometown."

At the Delaware State Housing Authority, Harris was also responsible for all
functions of the state's housing finance and development agency statewide. Her
duties included issuing tax-exempt bonds for first-time homeowners and
multi-family construction, along with administrating more than 10,000 units of
Section 8 New Construction housing and overseeing the state's Low-Income Housing
Tax Credit and Community Development Block Grant programs. She also helped to
restructure the state's Housing Development Fund, in which program partnerships
were formed with both for-profit and nonprofit companies and organizations, as
well as local, county and other state agencies.

One successful offshoot was the Delaware Housing Partnership, which focused
exclusively on home ownership, and which developed strong and mutually
beneficial relationships with area banks interested in meeting and exceeding
their responsibilities under the Community Reinvestment Act.

LOAD-DATE: May 26, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Personnel or management changes

                      Copyright 2001 Dolan Media Newswires
                                All Rights Reserved


                             440 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       The Arizona Daily Sun (Flagstaff)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                           January 23, 2016 Saturday

Flagstaff housing market climbing out of reach again

BYLINE: Suzanne Adams-Ockrassa, The Arizona Daily Sun, Flagstaff

SECTION: BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL NEWS

LENGTH: 994 words


Jan. 23--Housing prices are moving further out of the affordable range for the
average Flagstaff worker again.

According to the Northern Arizona Multiple Listing Service, the median sale
price for a single-family home in the greater Flagstaff region in 2015 was
$330,000, a 5 percent increase from 2014.

Several bank-sponsored online calculators put the income needed to purchase a
house at that price with a 30-year fixed mortgage and an interest rate of 4.5
percent and moderate household expenses and debt at $91,000.

But the median family income in the city of Flagstaff according to Census and
HUD data is hovering around $65,000, enough to afford only a $231,000 house,
based on those same online calculators.

So the current unofficial Flagstaff affordability gap, depending on the
calculation, is $26,000 below the qualifying income (about 28 percent) and
$99,000 below the median-priced house (about 30 percent). Those figures are in
line with gaps in Flagstaff before the recession.

ALWAYS A CHALLENGE

Finding affordable housing in Flagstaff has always been a challenge for working
families, said Devonna McLaughlin, the executive director of Housing Solutions
of Northern Arizona. Even with the recession, it was a challenge.

"In Phoenix, the market tanked so much that it kind of solved Phoenix's
affordable housing crisis," she said. But prices in Flagstaff never got low
enough to fix Flagstaff's affordable housing crisis.

"It's really a workforce issue," McLaughlin said. Employers can't attract
workers because there isn't enough housing at a reasonable price.

A median housing price of $330,000 is quite a bit of a climb in price since the
bottom fell out in 2012, when the median sale price for a Flagstaff home was
$252,000, said Century 21 Flagstaff Realtor Stephen Brighton. However,
Flagstaff's housing market has a ways to go before it reaches the previous
market high price of $379,000 during the peak of the housing boom in 2006, he
said.

Part of the reason that Flagstaff's housing prices didn't adjust like Phoenix
did is because Flagstaff has such a limited housing pool, McLaughlin said.

"It's really a complex situation with the market, supply, income and external
demand. It's a challenge for families and employers who are looking to bring new
workers here." McLaughlin said.

At the same time, the sale of homes in Flagstaff continues to increase.
According to NAMLS, sales of homes in the greater Flagstaff area increased 10
percent in 2015 to 1,101 sales.

That's the most sales Realtor Stephen Brighton said he has seen in 10 years.

The number of distressed, foreclosed and short home sales has also decreased
from a high of 314 in 2011 to 31 in 2015, Brighton said.

RENT A PROBLEM

Even finding affordable housing to rent can be a problem, McLaughlin said.
According to the U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development, the market
rent for Flagstaff is about $1,311. But a September survey of 40 apartment
complexes in Flagstaff by Housing Solutions came back with an average rental
rate of about $1,527.

Brighton said he's getting more buyers who are looking for properties to rent
out. People are investing in real estate because the stock market has been down
in the last few weeks due to a weakening world economy. Low mortgage interest
rates also make real estate a really attractive investment.

"As far as buying for rentals everything points to Flagstaff," he said. It's a
desirable place to live and visit, but mainly Northern Arizona University's
student population is expected to grow over the next several years.

"You have to put those students somewhere," he said.

"We need more units that are available to buy or rent," McLaughlin said.

SINGLE-FAMILY UNITS RISE

Homebuilders did start to step back into the market last summer, but they have
not caught up with the demand just yet. According to information from the City
of Flagstaff, 208 single-family residential units were building in 2015 compared
to the 171 units built in 2014. But the city saw a decrease in the number of
multi-family housing units that were built in 2015; 192 units compared to 235
units in 2014.

Even with the high and increasing housing prices, mortgage interest rates are
still pretty low, which can make getting a house affordable, McLaughlin said.
Residents looking to buy can find something if they're a buyer with good credit.

Brighton agreed, "Rents are really high. If you can afford to buy something
you're going to be better off."

Good buyers have not only good credit but also low debt, good savings and money
for a sizable down payment. Housing Solutions has HUD counselors who can make
the process of becoming a good buyer easier. The counselors can help create a
plan to get someone out of debit and improve their credit, as well as plan for
future payments.

There is also down payment and closing cost assistance for low-income residents
who qualify, McLaughlin said. Housing Solutions also offers education on home
buying for everyone who walks in their door.

NEEDS FIRST, WANTS SECOND

She also suggests that buyers look for homes that meet their needs first and
their wants second within their price range. A home may be smaller and may not
have some of the amenities that a family wants but you can always move into a
larger home after your income grows.

There is no one good way to battle the situation, McLaughlin said. Having more
available units that are priced reasonably could help. A down payment assistance
program by employers, such as the one created by the city of Flagstaff for its
new police officers, could help.

Since the city's down payment program for police officers started about nine
months ago, Housing Solutions has helped four officers find and purchase homes
and a fifth sale is in the works.

The reporter can be reached at sadams@azdailysun.com or (928)556-2253.

___ (c)2016 The Arizona Daily Sun (Flagstaff, Ariz.) Visit The Arizona Daily Sun
(Flagstaff, Ariz.) at www.azdailysun.com Distributed by Tribune Content Agency,
LLC.

LOAD-DATE: January 23, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20160123-FF-Flagstaff-housing
-market-climbing-out-of-reach-again-0123-20160123

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: FF


                      Copyright 2016 The Arizona Daily Sun


                             441 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                The Irish Times

                             July 14, 2016 Thursday

Plan for State fund to purchase distressed properties;
Government action plan also proposes to build 45,000 social houses by 2021

BYLINE: Kitty Holland

SECTION: FRONT PAGE; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 589 words


A State fund to buy distressed properties from banks and a pledge to build
45,000

social houses by 2021 are at the centre of the Government's plan to tackle the
housing crisis.

Minister for Housing and Planning Simon Coveney is to publish his Housing Action
Plan next Tuesday, subject to Cabinet approval. The Irish Times has seen a draft
copy.

The 52-page document, dated the end of last month, sets out plans to build
"mixed tenure" housing on public land, to speed up the planning process for
social housing and to establish a "procurement centre of excellence" in the
Housing Agency.

The plan says the State must intervene in the housing crisis to "reduce the
scope for the housing sector to be the source of damaging behaviour and dynamics
which could threaten our future prosperity".

"The State must ensure that its actions support the renewal of the [construction
and development] industries, especially in terms of their capacity to undertake
volume building in areas of most pressing need," it says.

Deeply disappointing

Sinn Féin spokesman on housing Eoin Ó Broin described the plan as "deeply
disappointing". He added: "The approach remains rooted in the idea that the
private housing market is best placed to address the majority of people's
housing needs, including a significant portion of those in need of social
housing."

The draft says little on homelessness, other than the Government will "decant as
many homeless families and individuals as possible" out of hotels and B&Bs, into
modular and local authority housing. Among the measures to kick-start
construction will be a EUR 200 million local infrastructure housing activation
fund to "relieve critical infrastructural blockages".

In addition, local authorities will be empowered to pay developers up front for
some social housing, rather than wait to pay on delivery. Protections for local
authorities will be built in, in case the housing is not delivered.

Rental return

A special purpose vehicle will be established to provide funding for social and
private housing projects. It will work under the auspices of the National
Treasury Management Agency, using funds from the Ireland Strategic Investment
Fund (formerly the Pension Reserve Fund), to invest in housing for the private
and social rented markets. Rental return will service the debts, keeping the
process off the Government balance sheet.

The Housing Agency will get a EUR 70 million capital fund to buy properties in
mortgage distress. This will "yield in the order of 400 houses/ apartments," it
says. A White Paper on the private rented sector will be published this autumn,
it says, "structured around four key areas: security [of tenure], standards,
supply and services".

An affordable rental sector - ie priced below market rates - will be developed
by local authorities in partnership with developers. Long-term investors, such
as pension funds, are to be invited to develop a build-to-rent sector, a new
concept in Ireland. "These are homes built specifically for the rental market
(also referred to as multi-family units in the USA). Build-to-rent is larger
scale, with on-site amenities, and targeted to institutional owners rather than
individual buy-to-let landlords," says the plan. These would be aimed at
low-income households.

The draft does not detail the cost of delivering additional social units, though
the Oireachtas housing and homelessness committee, which last month recommended
50,000 new units, put the cost at EUR 1.8 billion a year, or EUR 9 billion over
five years.

LOAD-DATE: July 13, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2016 The Irish Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                             442 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            Waterloo Courier (Iowa)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            April 14, 2011 Thursday

Former Irving school rezoned over Habitat objections

BYLINE: Tim Jamison, Waterloo-Cedar Falls Courier, Iowa

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 452 words


April 14--WATERLOO -- It became more difficult Monday for Iowa Heartland Habitat
for Humanity to construct affordable homes at the former Irving Elementary
School site.

City Council members voted 6-1 to rezone the 3.5 acres at 728 Hawthorne Ave.
from R2 residential to an R1, RP planned residential district. The action
requires larger lot sizes and approval of a site plan to allow input from the
neighborhood, zoning commissioners and council members into the design of new
homes.

The Irving site is one of 12 vacant or soon-to-be vacant school properties the
city is rezoning to gain more control over the type of infill development and
ensure whatever is built at those locations fits with the surrounding
neighborhoods. Nine other sites already have been rezoned, while two more are
pending council approval.

Steve Sesterhenn of Cedar Falls, board chairman for Iowa Heartland Habitat for
Humanity, said the new Irving zoning could raise the cost of the organization's
plans to build about 16 affordable, high-quality homes. The change could force
Habitat to search for other sites.

The nonprofit organization's director, Linda Morgan, said many of the other
scattered site, infill housing lots the city owns are surrounded by rental
housing and blight, factors that make them unsuitable for a Habitat project.

"It doesn't seem like the council is encouraging affordable housing by rezoning
from R2 to R1, RP in many of your neighborhoods," Morgan said.

She also noted R2 zoning allows for more affordable projects while still
preventing multi-family apartments.

Morgan said it was "astonishing" to see new restrictions created for housing
construction. She suggested officials would be wise to put up fewer barriers
given the lack of housing starts in general in the current economy.

Councilman Quentin Hart cast the only vote against the zoning change.

In other business, council members unanimously approved a development agreement
for CPM Acquisition for a 5,500- to 6,500-square-foot addition. The expansion
would go on the company's existing 60,000 square feet of industrial buildings at
2975 Airline Circle, which is in the Omega Cabinets complex.

The company, which builds pellet mills used by other industrial manufacturers,
will receive five years of 50 percent property tax rebates on the estimated
$500,000 increased value created by the expansion.

To see more of the Waterloo-Cedar Falls Courier, or to subscribe to the
newspaper, go to http://www.wcfcourier.com/. Copyright (c) 2011, Waterloo-Cedar
Falls Courier, Iowa Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For
more information about the content services offered by McClatchy-Tribune
Information Services (MCT), visit www.mctinfoservices.com.

LOAD-DATE: April 15, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20110414-OO-HLT-Former-Irving-school-rezoned-over-Habitat-objections-0414-201104
14

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: OO


                        Copyright 2011 Waterloo Courier


                             443 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        The Patriot Ledger (Quincy, MA)

                            March 26, 2011 Saturday
                                  ROP Edition

Census: Housing vacancies are rising;
In some communities, empty units nearly double

BYLINE:  Chris Burrell, The Patriot Ledger

SECTION: News; pg. 1

LENGTH: 581 words


Yet another indicator of the troubled housing market and economy: The number of
vacant housing units in Norfolk County and in some South Shore communities
nearly doubled in the last decade, according to U.S. Census data released this
past week.

Census takers last year counted 12,445 vacant housing units in Norfolk County,
almost twice the 6,327 reported in the 2000 Census.

Housing units included single- and multi-family houses, condominiums and
apartments.

Vacant units in Quincy shot up 80 percent from just over 1,200 in 2000 to 2,180
last year. The total number of housing units grew by just 6 percent in the same
time period - from 40,093 to 42,838.

Braintree, Randolph and Weymouth also witnessed similar surges in the number of
vacant housing units. Braintree climbed from 321 to 566 vacancies. Weymouth -
troubled by increasing foreclosures - saw its stock of vacant housing almost
double from 545 to 1,045.

The count doubled in Randolph, climbing from 220 vacant units to 457.

While there was some skepticism about the data, housing advocates and real
estate experts blamed the rising number on foreclosures and the poor economy.

"I have a suspicion it would be related to foreclosures and properties being
abandoned because they can't be paid for," said Robert Corley, executive
director of Neighborhood Housing Services of the South Shore, an affordable-
housing agency in Quincy.

"Foreclosure is not a problem that's going away. It's still here at an alarming
rate," he added.

Tim Warren, the CEO of The Warren Goup, which tracks and analyzes the real
estate business in New England, said foreclosures could be driving the new
Census housing figures, but another economic trend may also be a cause.

"Demographically in these tough times, there's been a lot of combining of family
in housing units," he said. "Kids can't find a job and come back to live with
Mom and Dad or their sister. There's a lot more people living in single housing
units."

Empty apartments are unlikely to be contributing to the new data. Warren said
the apartment rental market has grown tight in the economic downturn.

Dick Cahill, vice president of sales at Jack Conway real estate in Quincy,
doubts the new Census numbers are accurate.

"It's just beyond ridiculous to believe there's 2,000 empty houses in Quincy,"
Cahill said Friday.

Cahill checked real estate listings and said this is what's on the market in
Quincy: 181 single-family houses, 168 condominiums and 55 multi-family houses.
And only 54 apartments are listed for rent with Cahill's office.

Few of those homes are unoccupied, he added.

Bruce Kaminski, the deputy regional director of the U.S. Census office in
Boston, said Census workers tracked down the status of housing units before
determining no one was living there.

"They do check with neighbors," said Kaminski. "And if there's a sign that a
unit is for sale, they check with the real estate companies."

Statewide, the number of vacant housing units grew from 178,409 a decade ago to
261,179 in 2010, a 46 percent increase. In the same time period, the total
number of housing units in Massachusetts grew from about 2.6 million to 2.8
million, a 7 percent increase.

Vacant housing

12,445Housing units counted as vacant last year in Norfolk County

6,327 Vacant housing units in 2000 in Norfolk County

97Percent of housing units in 2000 in Quincy that were occupied

94.9 Percent of housing units in 2010 in Quincy that were occupied

1,045 Vacant homes counted last year in Weymouth

Source: U.S. Census

LOAD-DATE: March 30, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2011 The Patriot Ledger


                             444 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       Orland Press Register (California)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                              July 30, 2010 Friday

City zoning tweaked by California

BYLINE: Rick Longley, Orland Press Register, Calif.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 609 words


July 30--Orland approved changes to the housing element of its general plan last
week -- allowing for higher density development on some parcels.

The revisions were made at the request of the state Department of Housing and
Community Development after it reviewed the document approved by the Orland City
Council on March 15.

Community Services Director Nancy Sailsbery told the council on July 19 state
officials wanted some language clarified in the Orland plan.

The revisions included a section on medium- and high-density residential sites.

Sailsbery said the state agency wants Orland to increase the number of sites
available for medium- and high-density residential development within the city
limits or in areas in its sphere of influence.

State officials want the city to eliminate the conditional use permit
requirement in the existing permit process for owner-occupied and multi-family
rental units over four units, Sailsbery said in a written report.

The state reviewer also pointed out three specific sites in which this zoning
change should occur during the 2007-2014 housing element's planning period.

A 12-acre section of the Blair Estates Projects should be included in the
medium- to high-density zoning instead of the one-family or R-1 designation it
currently has, state officials said.

Blair Estates consists of 35.95 acres and presently has 41 CHIP homes in the
subdivision providing affordable housing to lower- and moderate-income families.
An additional 17 lots have been zoned for single-family homes as well, officials
said.

But the state wants the 12 acres rezoned to allow a minimum of 16 dwelling units
per acre to a maximum of 25 dwelling units per acre, and it inserted the word
"shall" be rezoned during the comprehensive zoning code update to accommodate
this goal.

Blair Estates is located near Bryant Street and Road 13 in the city limits.

Another 1.65-acre site near Bryant Street is slated for redesignation from
low-density residential (R-L) to high-density residential (H-L) to be done
within the 2007-2014 planning period, state officials said.

And a 0.556-acre parcel along the west side of Railroad Avenue should be
re-designated from limited industrial zoning to high density residential and be
rezoned to R-3 status with similar minimum and maximum dwelling units as the
12-acre parcel.

Changing the zoning will allow the city to meet its Regional Housing Needs
Allocation established by the state through the planning process, Sailsbery
said.

In other words, the city is prepared for higher-intensity growth areas to
accommodate low- to middle-income residents as it develops in the future,
Sailsbery said, by providing parcels and areas pre-zoned for multi-unit
development.

"This is a planning tool -- not a production tool," she said. "The city is not
in the business of building houses."

So there is no guarantee multi-family units will be built on these parcels as
that will be up to the owners' requests down the road, city officials said.

Copies of the city's general plan and housing element are available for public
review at Orland City Hall, 815 Fourth St. or online at www.cityoforland.com.

Contact Rick Longley at 934-6800 or rlongley@tcnpress.com

To see more of the Orland Press Register or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.orland-press-register.com. Copyright (c) 2010, Orland Press Register,
Calif. Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For more
information about the content services offered by McClatchy-Tribune Information
Services (MCT), visit www.mctinfoservices.com, e-mail
services@mctinfoservices.com, or call 866-280-5210 (outside the United States,
call +1 312-222-4544).

LOAD-DATE: July 31, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20100730-YI-City-zoning-tweaked-by-California-20100730

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: YI


                      Copyright 2010 Orland Press Register


                             445 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                  The Press-Republican (Plattsburgh, New York)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                           September 23, 2016 Friday

Neighbors still oppose Caron Place plan

BYLINE: Dan Heath, The Press-Republican, Plattsburgh, N.Y.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 763 words


Sept. 23--PLATTSBURGH -- Concerned neighbors again voiced opposition to an
affordable-housing project proposed in the Town of Plattsburgh.

Caron Place is a 10-apartment complex that would be built on the eastern side of
the intersection of Tom Miller Road and Melody Lane.

It would have three buildings with three four-bedroom apartments each and a
two-bedroom apartment and property manager's office in the residence already on
the property.

The office would be for an employee of ETC Housing Corp., which offers a number
of programs, such as eviction prevention, permanent supportive housing, rapid
re-housing and emergency shelter programs.

'WRONG LOCATION'

Matt Pray, who lives on Melody Lane, said he and his neighbors recognize the
need for affordable housing but don't believe this is the right location. He
said it isn't about who might live there but about how many.

Tom Miller Road is already busy and only getting busier as development occurs,
he said.

"This is a single lot where that number of people is unsafe," Pray said.

Heidi Clute, who owns Clute Wealth Management directly east of the site, said
she is concerned that the project calls for 36 bedrooms yet only 22 parking
spaces.

Such a high-density project is not in keeping with the nature of the Melody Lane
neighborhood, she said, especially on a 1.4-acre lot. She said there have to be
better locations that would allow for more green space so the tenants would have
a better quality of life.

'DANGEROUS PRECEDENT'

Patti Caldwell, who lives on Melody Lane, doesn't feel the project qualifies as
multi-family housing under the town's zoning ordinance. Her opinion is based on
plans for common living, kitchen, bathroom and dining space in each apartment
for what could be four individual tenants within each.

That sounds more like community housing or community-service housing, which, she
said, amounts to long-term rental accommodations provided for nonprofit
community housing organizations.

Approval of the plan would set a dangerous precedent in the town, she said.

"If you allow this project, which in my opinion is community or service housing,
you'll be opening up the opportunity for other projects like college housing in
the Town of Plattsburgh anywhere in a residential area," Caldwell said.

NON-CONFORMING USE

The plan was originally denied by the Planning Board in September 2015, based
largely on the neighbors' objections.

That decision led developer Tom Latinville, operating as 15 Champlain LLC, to
file an Article 78 proceeding in New York State Supreme Court.

The court ordered a rehearing of the plan, ruling the applicant needed to be
provided a chance to respond to the neighbors' concerns and make a determination
based on state and local town law.

The initial rehearing took place in May. At that time, the Planning Board deemed
the application incomplete because it called for a property manager's office.

That was based on an interpretation from Town Code Enforcement Officer Steve
Imhoff, who said the office was a non-conforming use in a Residential 2
district.

The finding was upheld by the Town Zoning Board of Appeals in June and left the
applicant the choice to seek a variance or amend the plan to comply with zoning.

APPLICATION TABLED

On Tuesday night, project engineer Aaron Ovios of Robert M. Sutherland said they
reduced the size of the office to about 200 square feet with hopes that it would
be deemed an accessory use to the principal use and thus allowed.

Town Senior Planner Trevor Cole said that based on that, he again sought an
opinion from Imhoff, who reiterated it was not an allowed use in a R2 district.

Then Cole recommended the application be tabled, and the Planning Board voted to
do that.

MAY ELIMINATE OFFICE

Ovios said the applicant will likely amend the application to eliminate the
office before the next Planning Board meeting, scheduled for Oct. 18.

"So we hope to be back before you next month with a plan with no onsite
management, just the 10 units as proposed, which would comply with zoning and
hopefully allow us to move forward with you," Ovios told the board.

Pray said he wished the Planning Board would somehow come up with a final
determination, as the neighbors are getting tired of coming to meeting after
meeting to make their voices heard.

"We haven't supported it in the past, we're not supporting it now, and we're
never going to support it," he said.

Email Dan Heath:

dheath@pressrepublican.com

___ (c)2016 the Press-Republican (Plattsburgh, N.Y.) Visit the Press-Republican
(Plattsburgh, N.Y.) at pressrepublican.com Distributed by Tribune Content
Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: September 24, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20160923-ZI-Neighbors-still-oppose-Caron-Place-plan-0923-20160923

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: ZI


                      Copyright 2016 The Press-Republican


                             446 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                   The Record

                            April 21, 2005, Thursday

Average apartment rent up 1.7 percent in San Joaquin County, Calif.

BYLINE: By Bruce Spence

LENGTH: 569 words



Housing prices continue to swing up sharply, but the San Joaquin apartment-
rental market continues to creep up also.

According to the latest apartments-rental survey by RealFacts, a Novato real
estate firm that tracks the market, the average monthly rent in San Joaquin
County was $ 832 in the first quarter.

That's a 1.7 percent increase from $ 817 in the fourth quarter of last year.

Year-to-year, that was up 2.5 percent from the first quarter of 2004.

The occupancy rate of 92.8 percent was down 1 percent year to year.

Still, that was better than seen in most metro areas in the West, with rents
unchanged in the first quarter of this year, RealFacts reported.

In the Bay Area and metro areas such as Denver; Boise, Idaho; Portland; Seattle;
and Salt Lake City, average rents declined slightly year-to-year.

Some California metro areas showed increases, though. Inland Empire and Los
Angeles rents were up more than 6 percent year-to-year.

RealFacts surveys only apartment complexes of 50 units or more, and no figures
are available for cities in the county.

In San Joaquin County, apartment construction has been on the upswing in the
county.

A total of 508 permits for multi-family housing were issued last year throughout
the county, compared with 225 for 2003.

That new stock tends to keep rates down, said RealFacts spokesman Gerald Cox.

"If you look at what's come on line in that area, it tends to be higher end," he
said. "That's what makes sense to build now. When you have new product in the
market, it competes with what's there so it softens the older market."

The relative scarcity of new rental housing nationwide over the past year may be
contributing to the small changes in average rents, the RealFacts report said.

Most apartment-construction developments have been in California, as well as in
Dallas and Houston, the report said.

Most of the new apartments seem to be upper-level and out-of-reach for
low-income families, said Melinda Hazard, deputy director of San Joaquin Fair
Housing, a nonprofit housing advocacy group.

The market does seem to be softening for some reason, she said, "but the problem
remains affordability."

Toni Midura, marketing executive for The Torcello Apartments complex, at Bianchi
Road near West Lane in Stockton, said she doesn't see any problems in the market
right now.

"Stockton is starving for quality."

The demand for the high-end Torcello apartments has been excellent as
construction has proceeded in phases, and occupancy rate of the current 222
units, built in the three phases, stands at 92 percent, she said.

That despite the extraordinary home-construction boom that continually pulls
apartment residents out of the rental market, Midura said.

"Yet we've maintained 90 plus percent occupancy," she said. "That's a tremendous
sign of health for this market."

A final construction phase of 80 units is in progress, Midura said, and she
expects demand to be strong when the new apartments become available in July.



-----

To see more of The Record, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.recordnet.com. Copyright (c) 2005, The Record, Stockton, Calif.

Distributed by Knight Ridder/Tribune Business News.

For information on republishing this content, contact us at (800) 661-2511
(U.S.), (213) 237-4914 (worldwide), fax (213) 237-6515, or e-mail
reprints@krtinfo.com.

LOAD-DATE: April 21, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

KR-ACC-NO: SK-APT-RENTS-20050421

JOURNAL-CODE: SK

               Copyright 2005 Knight Ridder/Tribune Business News
                           Copyright 2005 The Record


                             447 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               Right Vision News

                             June 19, 2010 Saturday

Vermont: State Announces $2.9 Million In Grants To Create Jobs, Affordable
Housing

LENGTH: 682  words

DATELINE: BARRE


BARRE, June 19 -- The Vermont state has issued following press release:

A wood pellet plant in Island Pond and a social service organization in Barre
were among nine Vermont projects that will share almost $3 million in state
grant funds.

Lieutenant Governor Brian Dubie announced the award of $2.9 million in Vermont
Community Development Program grants at a ceremony at the P & S Furniture Store
in Barre, which is slated to become the new home of the Central Vermont
Community Action Council with the help of an $800,000 grant to the City of
Barre.

"These grants are going to help Vermonters all over the state, creating
much-needed jobs and affordable housing for our communities," Dubie said.

CVCAC, a nonprofit providing anti-poverty and economic development programs for
low to moderate income residents in central Vermont, has outgrown its main
offices on Route 302 in Berlin, forcing the group to rent multiple office spaces
in the area.

The new 21st Century Community Action Campus at Gable Place will provide
adequate work space to consolidate its programs and expand its weatherization
activities and community economic development programs and services.

"Consolidating our programs in a single, more energy efficient space will make
it easier to provide services to area residents; incorporate green energy
efficiency technologies; and promote local economic development in the
community," said Hal Cohen, Executive Director of CVCAC.

The town of Brighton will receive $1,000,000 for the re-development of the
vacant former Ethan Allen plant in Island Pond into a wood pellet manufacturing
facility.

The money will be loaned to the Vermont Biomass Energy Company at 0 interest for
10 years to help develop a factory that will have the capacity to produce
100,000 tons of wood pellets annually, and will create 25 jobs for area
residents.

"This is an investment in green job creation in an area of the state that can
really use it," Dubie said.

Other grants include:

* $600,000 for the City of Newport to redevelop three multi-family properties
with 16 units of old, sub-standard housing into 21 units of new and fully
rehabilitated affordable housing;

* $330,000 for the town of Windsor for an energy efficient rehabilitation of the
historic "Olde Windsor Village Apartments," which contains seventy-seven units
of rental housing for low-income seniors, families and the disabled;

* $125,000 for the City of St. Albans to help pay for Phase I of the City's
Downtown Streetscape Project, a four-phase multi-year project that will remake
the downtown;

* $30,000 to the town of Coventry, which will be used to hire a consultant to
study the economic impact of expanding the Newport State Airport and how it will
affect the surrounding communities;

* $30,000 for the Village of Derby Center to plan for expansion of the Dailey
Memorial Library building and improving its accessibility under the Americans
with Disabilities Act;

* $28,503 to the Town of Glover to study the buying patterns of second
homeowners in the Barton Trade Area and develop recommendations for area
businesses to make them more sustainable and;

* $30,000 for the town of Guilford to develop a plan to preserve and revitalize
the Guilford Country Store by keeping it in local ownership.

The grants awarded are federal money that flows to the state of Vermont from the
Community Development Block Grant Program of the U.S. Department of Housing and
Urban Development.

"These grants are important because they leverage other financial resources and
help address critical needs in our communities," Dubie said. "The $2.9 million
we are awarding will leverage more than $34 million in other funds from private
and public sources."

The Agency awards the competitive grants based on recommendations of the Vermont
Community Development Board and approval of Commerce and Community Development
Secretary Kevin Dorn.

For more information please contact plusnewspk@gmail.co Published by HT
Syndication with permission from Right Vision News. For more information on news
feed please contact Sarabjit Jagirdar at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

For any query with respect to this article or any other content requirement,
please contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: June 19, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2010 Right Vision News
                              All Rights Reserved


                             448 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           September 29, 2014 Monday

Connecticut: GOV. MALLOY: EXPANDING AFFORDABLE HOUSING OPPORTUNITIES IS CRITICAL
TO BUILDING STRONGER COMMUNITIES

LENGTH: 816  words

DATELINE: Hartford


Office of the Governor, The State of Connecticut has issued the following press
release:


Governor Dannel P. Malloy today announced the state is awarding $10,649,077 in
grants and loans for eight projects and programs that will create 131 units of
affordable housing throughout the state.

"Increasing the supply of all types of affordable housing is one of the best
ways we can build stronger communities, reduce homelessness, promote
transit-oriented development and improve the quality of life for our residents,"
said the Governor. "These are smart investments that are making a real
difference in peoples' lives."

The projects and programs are being funded through the state's Affordable
Housing Program, which provides grants, loans, loan guarantees, and deferred
loans for the development and preservation of affordable housing.  Funds from
the program, administered by the Department of Housing (DOH), can be used for a
wide array of activities including new construction, rehabilitation, demolition
and the redevelopment of vacant properties.  These eight recipients were chosen
competitively through the DOH's Special Priority Projects and Program NOFA.



The funding recipients are:

Hartford
Chrysalis Center - $2,976,000
Chrysalis Center will be provided a loan to assist in the development of Legion
Court Veterans Housing project located at 89 Webster Street in Hartford.  Legion
Court will contain 12 newly constructed two-bedroom supportive housing units for
homeless veteran families targeted to veterans suffering from mental illness,
substance abuse and Post Traumatic Stress Disorder.  The project will be
developed on what is now a currently vacant site.  DOH funds will target
families between 25% and 50% of area median income.

New Milford
Brookside Commons Supportive Housing - $1,998,597
A loan to Brookside Commons to construct a proposed 12-unit supportive housing
development located on 1.47 acres at 7 Thomas Lane in New Milford. The site
currently contains an abandoned commercial laundry building which will be torn
down.  Brookside Commons will include a new three story structure.

Stamford
Fairfield Commons II Supportive Housing - $1,187,000
A loan to Mutual Housing Association of Southwest Connecticut to construct
Fairfield Commons II, a 6-unit development that is the second phase of a 12-unit
total supportive housing development located in Stamford.   The entire
development is new construction and the first phase, currently underway, will be
completed this fall.

Beacon II - $1,460,480
The Shelter for the Homeless will receive a loan to develop 31 enhanced single
room occupancy units and one efficiency apartment for homeless persons with
incomes below 25% of the area median income.  Shelter for the Homeless will
create these units through the rehabilitation of properties on Ann, Spruce, and
Berkeley streets in Stamford's west end.   The Beacon II project is the most
recent housing project being completed by Shelter for the Homeless, with prior
projects including Berkeley House and Beacon I on Stone Street

Bridgeport
Bridgeport Affordable Housing Loan Program - $1,000,000
A grant will be provided to ComCap, a non-profit organization which has provided
over $25 million and assisted in the development and rehabilitation of over
1,000 units, will provide financing for the development and preservation of
affordable multi-family rental housing for low- and moderate-income families in
Bridgeport.  This funding will focus on financing projects in transit-oriented
neighborhoods with a projected goal of developing or rehabilitating 40 units of
transit -oriented rental housing with this funding.

Hartford, New Britain and East Hartford
Hartford Area Habitat for Humanity - $1,500,000
This grant funding will allow the Hartford Area Habitat for Humanity to create
20 affordable owner-occupied homes in Hartford, New Britain and East Hartford.
Homes assisted under this program will be located within a quarter mile of a bus
service to major employment centers and will be available to homebuyers with
incomes less than 80% of area median income.

Eastern Connecticut
Habitat for Humanity of Eastern Connecticut - $375,000
This grant funding will allow Habitat for Humanity of Eastern Connecticut to
expand its affordable homeownership program in Eastern Connecticut and is
expected to create 10 units of housing.

Statewide
Connecticut Housing Coalition Affordable Housing Academy - $197,000
The Connecticut Housing Coalition is receiving grant funding to deliver this
second Affordable Housing Academy in order to provide housing development teams
with the knowledge, tools and detailed project assistance needed to produce high
quality housing that incorporates the shared interests of owners, managers,
developers, funders, community stakeholders and residents.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 31, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             449 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

              Copyright 2013 GlobalData Ltd., All Rights Reserved
                         GlobalData - Company Overview

                                January 30, 2013

                       Prudential Pritchett-Moore Realty

                             1120 Queen City Avenue
                             Tuscaloosa,  AL 35401
                                 United States

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *


   Prudential Pritchett-Moore Realty (Pritchett-Moore) is a real estate services
company, based in the US. The company buys and sells residential properties. It
provides services that include relocation assistance with the largest relocation
organization, representation in all of Tuscaloosa county and west Alabama,
one-stop shopping with homeowners' insurance quotes and rental assistance, and
residential, commercial, and industrial and development services.
Pritchett-Moore also provides real estate brokerage, rental and relocation
services for open houses, commercial, land, multi-family and residential
properties. The company represents in Tuscaloosa, Northport, University of
Alabama, Lake Tuscaloosa, Vance, Coker, Cottondale and Brookwood.
Pritchett-Moore is headquartered in Tuscaloosa, Alabama, the US.


* * * * * * * * * * OTHER AVAILABLE REPORTS * * * * * * * * * *
Company Overview                        Key Employees
Key Facts                               Locations and Subsidiaries
Major Products and Services             Top Competitors

 * * * * * * * * * * NOTE * * * * * * * * * *

   GlobalData uses a range of research techniques to gather and verify its
information and analysis. These include primary research, in-house knowledge and
expertise, proprietary databases, and secondary sources such as company
websites, annual reports, SEC filings and press releases. Disclaimer: No part of
this publication may be reproduced, stored in a retrieval system or transmitted
in any form by any means, electronic, mechanical, photocopying, recording or
otherwise, without the prior permission of the publisher, GlobalData. The facts
of this report are believed to be correct at the time of publication but cannot
be guaranteed. Please note that the findings, conclusions and recommendations
that GlobalData delivers will be based on information gathered in good faith
from both primary and secondary sources, whose accuracy we are not always in a
position to guarantee. As such GlobalData can accept no liability whatever for
actions taken based on any information that may subsequently prove to be
incorrect .

LOAD-DATE: January 30, 2013


                             450 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            October 6, 2016 Thursday

Virginia: Arlington Celebrates Affordable Housing Month

LENGTH: 452  words

DATELINE: New York



 Richmond: Arlington County Government, The state of Virginia has issued the
following news release:



 October is Affordable Housing Month in Arlington, a month-long celebration of
the County's long-term commitment to preserving and creating housing
opportunities that benefit the whole community.





 The public is invited to take a bus tour of affordable housing developments
around the County, participate in an affordable housing forum and view a
traveling design gallery highlighting the potential of "Missing Middle Housing"
that falls between single-family homes and mid-rise buildings.



 "For decades, we have invested in our affordable housing programs to help us
achieve our vision of a diverse and inclusive community," said County Board
Chair Libby Garvey. "These efforts support our residents at all ages and stages
of life, improve our neighborhoods and strengthen our economy. This October, we
give special focus to exploring a greater diversity of housing types in the
County and how that can benefit all residents."



 2016 Affordable Housing Month events:



     Affordable housing bus tour around Arlington -- Oct. 8

     Leckey Forum on "Finding the Missing Middle - Expanding Middle-Income
Housing Options," presented by The Alliance for Housing Solutions and featuring
housing expert Daniel Parolek as the keynote speaker -- Oct. 13

     Traveling gallery of design examples featuring elements of "Missing Middle"
housing -- Oct. 15 at Live-In Arlington Info Fair

     Traveling gallery of design examples featuring elements of "Missing Middle"
housing -- Oct. 25 at Langston Brown Community Center



 Visit the Affordable Housing Month webpage for a details.

 Affordable Housing Statistics



     Affordable Housing Month 2016 focuses on creating affordable rental and
homeownership housing opportunities for middle-income households (between 80-120
percent of average median income).

     Arlington's Affordable Housing Investment Fund (AHIF) is funded at a level
of $13.72 million for FY2017. AHIF is the County's main financing program for
affordable housing development. The fund is comprised of local and federal
dollars and is also supported by loan repayments and developer contributions.



     More than 7,500 committed affordable units (CAFs) are open or have been
approved in more than 70 apartment complexes throughout Arlington; 1,200 of
these CAFs have been added in the last five years. CAFs now make up 14 percent
of the multi-family rental stock.



     The County has reduced the number of homeless people in shelters or on the
streets by more than half in the past five years.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 7, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             451 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            October 6, 2016 Thursday

Virginia: Arlington Celebrates Affordable Housing Month

LENGTH: 452  words

DATELINE: New York



 Richmond: Arlington County Government, The state of Virginia has issued the
following news release:



 October is Affordable Housing Month in Arlington, a month-long celebration of
the County's long-term commitment to preserving and creating housing
opportunities that benefit the whole community.





 The public is invited to take a bus tour of affordable housing developments
around the County, participate in an affordable housing forum and view a
traveling design gallery highlighting the potential of "Missing Middle Housing"
that falls between single-family homes and mid-rise buildings.



 "For decades, we have invested in our affordable housing programs to help us
achieve our vision of a diverse and inclusive community," said County Board
Chair Libby Garvey. "These efforts support our residents at all ages and stages
of life, improve our neighborhoods and strengthen our economy. This October, we
give special focus to exploring a greater diversity of housing types in the
County and how that can benefit all residents."



 2016 Affordable Housing Month events:



     Affordable housing bus tour around Arlington -- Oct. 8

     Leckey Forum on "Finding the Missing Middle - Expanding Middle-Income
Housing Options," presented by The Alliance for Housing Solutions and featuring
housing expert Daniel Parolek as the keynote speaker -- Oct. 13

     Traveling gallery of design examples featuring elements of "Missing Middle"
housing -- Oct. 15 at Live-In Arlington Info Fair

     Traveling gallery of design examples featuring elements of "Missing Middle"
housing -- Oct. 25 at Langston Brown Community Center



 Visit the Affordable Housing Month webpage for a details.

 Affordable Housing Statistics



     Affordable Housing Month 2016 focuses on creating affordable rental and
homeownership housing opportunities for middle-income households (between 80-120
percent of average median income).

     Arlington's Affordable Housing Investment Fund (AHIF) is funded at a level
of $13.72 million for FY2017. AHIF is the County's main financing program for
affordable housing development. The fund is comprised of local and federal
dollars and is also supported by loan repayments and developer contributions.



     More than 7,500 committed affordable units (CAFs) are open or have been
approved in more than 70 apartment complexes throughout Arlington; 1,200 of
these CAFs have been added in the last five years. CAFs now make up 14 percent
of the multi-family rental stock.



     The County has reduced the number of homeless people in shelters or on the
streets by more than half in the past five years.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 7, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             452 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       Chapel Hill Herald (Durham, N.C.)

                              June 22, 2012 Friday

Council cool to redevelopment planSNbS

BYLINE: Gregory Childress gchildress@heraldsun.com; 919-419-6645

SECTION: LOCAL NEWS; A; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 636  words


CHAPEL HILL - A plan to redevelop what was formerly the Colony Apartments into a
large mixed-use development received a cool reception from Town Council this
week.

At issue for most council members is the potential loss of 198 affordable
housing units as a result of the proposed redevelopment at what is now called
The Park at Chapel Hill.

Councilwoman Donna Bell said in an interview Thursday that the town needs a plan
to ensure it continues to have an adequate supply of rental units as properties
such as The Park get snapped up by developers who want to replace them with
market rate units.

"We need to be more intentional about how we create more affordable rentals,"
Bell said. "We have to come up with a plan."

Bell said she hopes the developer will retain affordable units at The Park or
make a payment-in-lieu to the town to go toward affordable housing.

"We'll see what they come up with," Bell said.

At Monday's public hearing about the project, Councilman Jim Ward said he could
not support the project unless the developer addresses the affordable housing
issue.

"This proposal again seems to totally ignore the affordability aspect of the
housing that's being proposed here and that is very, very troubling for me,"
Ward said.

A concept plan submitted by New York-based Bluerock Real Estate calls for the
turning the 198 units at The Park, plus six single family lots nearby, into a
large, high density mixed-use development on 15.8 acres with 800 units and 1,060
parking spaces, most of which would be built underneath the residential
structures.

The project would feature four

See Council/Page 3

townhouse buildings with two or three stories and two five and seven-story
multi-family buildings that would contain most - 750 - of the project's
residential units. Plans also call for 10,000 square feet of retail space.

John McAdams, owner of the engineering firm that will perform the design work
for the developer, said the project would help to fulfill many of the goals
identified in the Ephesus Church Road/Fordham Boulevard Small Area Plan.

"This will likely serve as a catalytic development for the implementation of the
small area plan," McAdams said.

The apartment complex made headlines last year after it was purchased by
Bluerock and the new owner raised rents and announced federal Section 8 housing
vouchers would no longer be accepted.

Delores Bailey, executive director of EmPOWERment Inc., a local nonprofit that
focuses on affordable housing, economic development and community organization,
said the change in ownership displaced numerous families.

"When the property changed hands from Colony Woods, we received more calls than
we could deal with everyday," Bailey said.

She said families were forced to move and their lives were disrupted.

"We understood that Colony Apartments needed to be torn down, but the families
didn't need to be torn down, and that's what happened," Bailey said.

The project also calls for Elliot Road to be extended across Fordham Blvd,
through The Park to Ephesus Road, in a move the council believes will greatly
improve the crowded intersection there.

"I am very excited about that potential and that opportunity," said Councilman
Lee Storrow. "That is one of the worst intersections in town, and I think that
is one of the biggest benefits that we gain from this development."

Council members also expressed concern that the project might cause crowding at
Ephesus Road Elementary School and add more traffic to already crowded roads.

"I'm just overwhelmed by the density that's being put on this corner," said
Councilman Gene Pease. "To put another 1,000 cars on that corner, to me, is
going to neutralize all of the road improvements."

Pease also said he is concerned about plans to build two seven-story buildings.

"Seven stories, to me, is way overwhelming," Pease said.

LOAD-DATE: June 23, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2012 The Durham Herald Co.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             453 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                  Wisconsin State Journal (Madison, Wisconsin)

                             October 9, 2015 Friday
                                  ALL EDITION

MFD TO JOIN SMOKE-FREE HOUSING INITIATIVE

BYLINE:  KAREN RIVEDAL  krivedal@madison.com, 608-252-6106

SECTION: LOCAL; Pg. A3

LENGTH: 354 words


The Madison Fire Department is joining with Clear Gains, Wisconsin's smoke-free
housing initiative, to fight the No. 1 cause of apartment fire deaths: cigarette
smoking.

Madison Fire Chief Steven Davis told reporters about the new partnership in a
news conference Thursday with county public health officials who also are
working on the voluntary program to help end smoking in multi-family housing in
Dane County. Clear Gains provides education and support, including sample leases
with no-smoking provisions, to owners of rental properties and public housing
administrators seeking to ban smoking in apartment units.

Noting smokers hold "a live fire in their fingers," Davis said blazes started by
careless smoking are so dangerous because they often take residents by surprise.
A discarded cigarette butt "can smolder for hours" in a couch cushion or
mattress pad before bursting into flames, threatening the lives of tenants in
and around the unit and causing extensive property damage, he said.

Between 2005 and 2011, fire department records found 88 percent of Madison fires
caused by smoking were in multifamily buildings, Davis said, highlighting the
need to focus fire prevention efforts on apartment buildings.

"We haven't really worked on the residential piece before, so we're happy to do
that with this program," Davis said.

Deb Grayson, statewide coordinator for Clear Gains, said Madison's fire
department is the third ? after Milwaukee and Green Bay ? to join the Wisconsin
effort, which began in 2012. Several other states also have programs, which are
funded by the Centers for Disease Control, she said.

Another local partner in the Clear Gains program is the Tobacco-Free
Columbia-Dane County Coalition, which is part of the public health department
serving Madison and Dane County. Public health specialist Nina Gregerson said
the coalition has helped landlords make 25 buildings smoke-free in Dane County,
covering some 3,000 units and 7,500 tenants since 2013, on top of about 200
rental properties that already had policies.

"Smoke-free policies are definitely becoming the norm in this area," Gregerson
said.

LOAD-DATE: October 10, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2015 Madison Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             454 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          Enid News & Eagle (Oklahoma)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           September 23, 2013 Monday

Addressing the housing problem

BYLINE: Robert Barron, Enid News & Eagle, Okla.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 758 words


Sept. 23--ENID, Okla. -- Enid employers are concerned they will be unable to
fill vacant jobs, while employees are concerned they will not be able to find
proper housing.

Whitney Box, city of Enid director of strategic and long-range planning,
outlined concerns raised in a recent housing survey done by Enid Regional
Development Alliance.

The price of housing in Enid has risen 34.5 percent since 2005, she said, and
there is a critical need for lower-cost housing, or homes priced $150,000 and
below. The average sale price of a new home in Enid has risen to $247,000.

A number of solutions are being studied to address the issues uncovered by the
survey, Box told members of Enid Rotary Club during their meeting Monday. City
officials, she said, are discussing a number of strategies to assist developers
who want to build more housing.

The survey, Box said, posed several questions:

--Is the Enid area economy generating demand for additional housing
developments?

--What are the market conditions regarding the existing local supply of housing?

--What are the quantities, types and price ranges of new housing that are most
needed?

--What conditions or forces are preventing new supply from being added to the
market?

--What actions and strategies can the Enid community take to help increase new
housing development?

ERDA used surveys, focus groups and preference situations to determine some
answers, Box said.

"There has been a 4.79 percent growth (in population) since 2010, but only a
4.31 percent housing growth," she said.

Since 2008, the Enid area has added 2,152 new jobs. Those jobs mostly are in oil
and gas extraction, construction, retail trade, health care and social
assistance, accommodation and food services, Box said. In April, Enid's
unemployment rate was 2.9 percent, she said, while the state's jobless rate was
4.4 percent and national unemployment was 7.5.

In 2001, the average number of days a house was on the market was 100 days, but
that dropped to 85 days by 2013, according to the survey. The sales price for
all houses in Enid in 2011 averaged $100,000, and by 2013, the price rose to
$134,000, a 34.5 percent increase since 2005, Box said.

The supply of single-family houses has dropped 58 percent since 2011. The
current supply is approximately 180 to 210 houses, Box said. In 2011, there were
19 building permits issued for single-family homes, and 27 issued in 2012, the
survey said.

To meet the growing need, according to the ERDA survey, there is a goal to build
400 new homes by 2015, and a number of those must be under $150,000 in price.

The survey also showed there is a need for 150 to 200 multiple-family rental
units needed by 2015. Among the recommendations for those are upper-floor
renovation of commercial buildings and upscale multi-family rentals, which are
estimated at 75-100 units.

Box said the main issues pointed out in the ERDA survey are construction and
development costs, economic fears and prioritization of needs. Some of those
needs are being addressed by the city, she said, but the survey showed a need
for better communication between city officials and developers, as well as data
assembly and temporary housing solutions. The city has approved a temporary work
force housing ordinance, which allows companies to build temporary worker
housing. Such housing must be taken down and moved away when the need is over,
Box said.

The city also is considering an analysis of construction costs and incentives to
developers. For example, Box said, city code requires 12-inch water pipe in new
construction. Box said the city is considering a program to help developers pay
for the more expensive pipe. The city also is working on programs for
residential habitation standards.

City officials also have been discussing ways to change the perception of the
difference between the east and west sides of town. Box said the city budgeted
$750,000 for playground equipment, with most of that going to parks on the east
side. The addition of Champion Park at 10th and Chestnut has been helpful, she
said.

"I think it's more perception than reality," she said.

Answering a question about housing needs for younger people, Box said they are
interested in downtown apartments.

"They want to be in the middle of where things are happening. They want to be
able to walk out their front door and be at First Friday. They aren't interested
in driving places," Box said.

___ (c)2013 the Enid News & Eagle (Enid, Okla.) Visit the Enid News & Eagle
(Enid, Okla.) at www.enidnews.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: September 25, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20130923-EK-Addressing-the-housing-problem-0923-20130923

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: EK


                        Copyright 2013 Enid News & Eagle


                             455 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The Calgary Herald (Alberta)

                           January 17, 2008 Thursday
                                 Final Edition

Municipalities want feds to tackle housing; Finding affordable places to live
more difficult: report

BYLINE: Kim Guttormson, Calgary Herald

SECTION: CITY & REGION; Pg. B5

LENGTH: 399  words


The Federation of Canadian Municipalities will demand at a meeting next week
that the federal government take a bigger role in addressing the country's
housing challenges, using a report released Wednesday as ammunition.

The report, looking at the affordability of housing and homelessness in 22
Canadian cities, found that while overall more people own a home, finding an
affordable place to live is becoming more difficult.

"We will continue to push the federal government in every manner," said Ald. Joe
Ceci, Calgary's representative to the FCM. "The federal government re-investing
is what everyone would like to see." The FCM will release a housing strategy
next week at a summit in Vancouver.

"The housing sector is very challenging for municipalities. Even when they're
well off they can't handle housing on their own," said Michel Frojmovic, the
report's principal author.

Some of the trends, covering 2001 through 2006, point out that not as much
social housing is being built and average incomes are not growing as quickly as
the cost of housing.

Calgary bucked the wage trend, with the average income increasing almost 20 per
cent between 2000 and 2005, doubling the Canadian average. Only Edmonton's
increase was close.

However, less than five per cent of all housing built between 2001 and 2006 were
rental properties, one of the lowest rates in the country. The average for
Canada's major cities was less than 10 per cent.

Canada, overall, moved towards more multi-family developments though, moving
from about one-third of all building in 2001 to about 50 per cent in 2006.

And the city lags in social housing, with one of the lowest ratios of units per
1,000 residents in the country.

"There's not much social housing being built (anywhere) outside of Quebec and
B.C.," Frojmovic said.

Ceci pointed out Calgary is trying to address that shortfall. This week, for
example, the city purchased a 46-suite apartment building in the Beltline, which
will be used as both subsidized and market-rent housing.

Calgary also has the second highest number of permanent shelter beds in the
country, with more than 3,000. Toronto has more than 4,000. Vancouver has just
over 1,000, Edmonton just over 500.

Ceci said the homeless sector in Calgary has been one of the most vocal about
getting their needs met.

"We, and they, would like to be out of the business," he said.

kguttormson@theherald.canwest.com

LOAD-DATE: January 17, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:
Colour Photo: Ald. Joe Ceci ;

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News; Statistics

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


Copyright 2008 The Calgary Herald, a division of Canwest MediaWorks Publication
                                      Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             456 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                               The Antrim Review

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                 June 18, 2015

USDA seeking low income housing grant applications

BYLINE: The Antrim Review staff

LENGTH: 227  words


The federal USDA is seeking applications from low income rural homeowners in
Michigan for housing repair grants. The grants are being provided through USDA
Rural Development's Housing Grant program. "These grants help rural homeowners
and rental housing owners repair and improve their properties," Vilsack said.
"Funds may be used to resolve health or safety issues, make accessibility
modifications for people with disabilities, or make energy-efficiency
improvements to reduce greenhouse gas emissions and lower utility costs."

Eligible applicants for Housing Preservation Grants include town or county
governments, public agencies, federally recognized Indian Tribes, and non-profit
and faith-based organizations.

Last year, USDA provided Housing Preservation Grants for 107 projects in 46
states and the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico. In Michigan, Alpena County, the
Mid-Michigan Community Action Agency and Northwest

Michigan Community Action Agency received a combined total of $92,730 last year
to help rural families repair and rehabilitate their homes.

The USDA is making up to $3.3 million in grants available in the fiscal year
2015. Pre-applications are due by 5 p.m. on July 6, 2015.

For additional eligibility information, contact USDA Rural Development
Multi-Family Housing in Michigan at 517-324-5194 or see page 28943 of the May
20, 2015 Federal Register.

LOAD-DATE: May 26, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: People

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: BEL

                      Copyright 2015 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                        Copyright 2015 The Antrim Review


                             457 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The Calgary Herald (Alberta)

                            January 21, 2008 Monday
                                 Final Edition

B.C. fix touted to save rental units

BYLINE: Sean Myers, Calgary Herald

SECTION: CITY & REGION; Pg. B1

LENGTH: 609  words


The supply of rental units added in the city has not kept up with the number
lost to condo conversions, leading some to look to a Cranbrook policy that
allows for a halt on re-development.

City council approved the purchase of a Beltline apartment building for $10.3
million last week that will open up 46 new units -- half of which will fill
subsidized housing needs -- by the end of the month.

Last year, 1,570 rental units in Calgary were converted to condominiums while
there were 20 rental starts in that time.

In Cranbrook, B.C., which has a 0.1 per cent vacancy rate, a policy allows that
city to reject development applications for condo conversions any time the
vacancy rate dips below five per cent.

"It's a guideline really, but we've been following it pretty consistently," said
Cranbrook Mayor Ross Priest. "We had a couple developers apply (in the fall) and
they were turned down. We've had no applications since then."

Priest said the policy helps prevent the loss of units from the rental market
but, of course, doesn't add new ones.

Ald. Ric McIver, former chairman of the Calgary Housing committee, said the
policy might be worth investigating for the city, which has a 1.5 per cent
vacancy rate.

"I'm sure it would work in the short term, but I'd want to know what the
long-term impacts would be before I'd support it," said McIver. "It could affect
investment in building new multi-family units. If you take away people's
property rights over certain types of housing, they might be less likely to
build that type of housing."

Ald. Bob Hawkesworth said the city doesn't have the authority to bring in such a
policy unless changes are made to the provincial condominium act.

"We've certainly talked about it in the past," said Hawkesworth. "But we
couldn't do it even if we wanted to, and I'm not sure we'd want to."

"Right now, we're building an inventory of housing in the community,"
Hawkesworth said.

"We're increasing the supply of housing available to those in the greatest need.
I think we've got a good strategy."

NDP MLA Ray Martin, a member of the provincial housing task force, has called
for a moratorium on condo conversions. On Sunday, he said the Cranbrook model
should be brought to Alberta.

"We all agree there needs to be more supply, but that takes time," said Martin.

"In the short term, we need to stop the loss of units and protect the most
vulnerable with more affordable housing."

The Service Alberta, which oversees the Alberta Condominium Property Act, has
not considered creating legislation similar to Cranbrook's policy.

A spokesman for the department said statistics can be misleading regarding
available units.

"Just because rental units are converted to condos doesn't mean they're taken
out of the rental market," said Service Alberta spokesman Cam Traynor.

"Lots of people buy condos and then rent them out."

Alberta Municipal Affairs and Housing has placed a priority on adding affordable
housing in the province, pledging last year to create 11,000 new units over five
years.

The six-storey building the city bought last week, at 1121 15th Ave. S.W., has
35 one-bedroom units and 11 two-bedroom units, which were recently renovated as
part of a planned condo conversion.

The developer called the city last month when an initial deal to sell the
building fell through.

Mayor Dave Bronconnier said last week that the city is considering two more
similar offers to purchase buildings for affordable housing.

In December, council approved the addition of 530 affordable housing units to be
built with a portion of the $63 million provincial affordable housing grant
announced for Calgary last year.

smyers@theherald.canwest.com

LOAD-DATE: January 21, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:
Colour Photo: Cranbrook Mayor Ross Priest says his city has a policy that
ensures an adequate supply of rental units. ;
Photo: Ray Martin ;

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


Copyright 2008 The Calgary Herald, a division of Canwest MediaWorks Publication
                                      Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             458 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                             National Mortgage News

                                October 4, 1993

LISC Plan Slots $ 1.5B for Affordable

BYLINE: By LEW SICHELMAN

SECTION: Pg. 21

LENGTH: 580 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Celebrating the successful end of a six-year battle to give permanency to the
low-income tax credit, the Local Initiatives Support Corp., has a five-year plan
to invest more than $ 1.5 billion in affordable housing.

The initiative, which will be carried out through LISC's National Equity Fund,
is the largest private-sector commitment ever to community-based organizations
responsible for developing much of the nation's low-income housing.

To put the pledge into perspective, more than double the $ 620 million in equity
NEF raised in its first six years.

NEF, which was created in 1987 to organize partnerships between corporate
investors and local community development corporations, is believed to account
for about 10-15% of total tax credit activity.

The $ 1.5 billion will be used to help non-profit community groups produce more
than 35,000 low-income housing units.

That's slightly more than the total number of units attributable to the tax
credit in 1987 and about half of all tax-credit units built in 1990.

LISC President Paul Grogan called the commitment "staggering," says it "would
have been unthinkable" prior to August, when Congress, as part of the budget
reconciliation package, voted to make the credit permanent.

Since it was created by Congress in what Mr. Grogan described as a fit of
"desperate improvisation" as part of the Tax Reform Act of 1986, the credit has
been used to create an estimated 500,000 units of rental housing.  When they are
available, low-income tax credits are used in nearly half of all the affordable
housing built nationally each year, LISC says.

But the original legislation expired in 1989, and Congress enacted only
temporary extensions until 1992, when the tax credit was allowed to expire
altogether.

"With the enactment, finally, of a permanent tax credit," Mr. Grogan said at a
press conference here last week, "the primary impediment to further corporate
support has been eliminated."

The author of the original legislation, Senate Majority Leader George Mitchell,
said he had no idea how important the tax credit would become.

"We've come a long way since 1986" when the "barely noticed" credit was enacted
without much consideration, the Maine Democrat said.

Mr. Grogan called the credit "the finest Federal housing program in history,"
noting that it has been responsible for 94 percent of all affordable
multi-family rental housing starts in each of the last 2 years.

The tax credit produces about 110,000 low-income rental units a year by offering
corporate and individual investors a credit against their federal income taxes
based on the cost of acquiring and rehabilitating or constructing low-income
housing.

Through NEF, LISC organizes partnerships of Fortune 500 companies to invest in
affordable rental housing owned and developed by non-profit community
development corporations.

NEF makes its investment almost exclusively in the 30 markets where LISC has
established relationships with local CDCs.

Since 1987, NEF, itself a national non-profit, has raised equity from some 100
corporations.  For 1993, the first year in LISC's five-year campaign, the fund
already has received commitments totaling more than $ 100 million, said NEF
President Doug Gutherie.

Based on NEF's track record with only a temporary tax credit, Mr. Gutherie said
he should be able to raise an average of more than $ 300 million each year in
corporate investment now that the credit has been made permanent.

LOAD-DATE: October 14, 1993

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1993 National Thrift News, Inc.


                             459 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              San Ramon Valley Times

                      May 24, 2003 Saturday FINAL EDITION

A PEEK INTO SAN RAMON'S FUTURE;
THREE REDEVELOPMENT IDEAS WERE PRESENTED FOR THE CROW CANYON DISTRICT

BYLINE: TAUNYA ENGLISH,, TIMES STAFF WRITER

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A03

LENGTH: 559 words

DATELINE: SAN RAMON


SAN RAMON - The Crow Canyon district is home to a string of warehouses,
automotive shops and appliance stores today. But someday that service-commercial
district could be:

* San Ramon's new downtown, or

* A neighborhood of townhomes and two- or three-story multi-family residences,
or

* A village center of mid-sized retailers surrounded by a ring of multi-family
homes.

City consultants presented the three redevelopment concepts Thursday at a
meeting of the Crow Canyon Specific Plan committee, the city's resident advisory
group.

The meeting was the third of five community workshops scheduled to create a plan
for future development in the area. The city's general plan requires San Ramon
to draft a blueprint and policy guide to encourage development of a mixed-use
district of residences, retail stores and businesses.

The goal is to increase the amount of affordable housing and create a more
pedestrian-friendly district. Those objectives ultimately should be accomplished
without affecting the existing businesses, the general plan says.

Consultant Jim Adams from ROMA Design compared the downtown concept to
Emeryville's new Bay Street marketplace.

The district would draw shoppers from about a 20-minute drive away, offer a
multiplex movie theater and include large regional retailers like the Gap,
Banana Republic or the California Pizza Kitchen. The "downtown" concept would
likely include a large centralized parking structure to create a
pedestrian-centered retail area.

Consultant Jim Musbach said the need to put together one large connected parcel
of land from the many small and disparate property owners in the area makes the
downtown alternative the least feasible option.

Two nearby regional shopping meccas, Broadway Plaza 10 miles away in Walnut
Creek and Stoneridge mall just seven miles away in Pleasanton, would also be
stiff competition for a retail-focused downtown in San Ramon, Musbach said.

The second redevelopment concept would create a neighborhood of residences
anchored around a new city park. It would add nearly 1,600 new housing units
with much smaller retail outlets, such as card shops and delis, dispersed
throughout the district.

This new neighborhood would be primarily attached multi-family homes including
rental apartments and condominiums, with as many as 25 to 30 units per acre.

The strong housing market in San Ramon and the ability to phase in development
as property owners decide they want to make the switch, makes this option more
feasible, consultants said.

But Adams and Musbach seemed to favor the financial feasibility and market
prospects of the village center concept. It is designed around a core area of
live-work spaces, studios and artisan shops and smaller or mid-sized retail
spaces. The outer rings of the district would be populated with multi-residence
housing.

All three options, which are glimpses into the future 15 or 20 years ahead,
eliminate the service commercial businesses in the area or keep them at the
current level.

The consultants are looking for committee and resident input on traffic, parking
and environmental impacts on the surrounding community.

The next public meeting is scheduled for 7 p.m. on June 19 at the San Ramon
Community Center, 12501 Alcosta Blvd.

Reach Taunya English at 925-743-2216 or tenglish@cctimes.com.

LOAD-DATE: November 11, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 2003 Contra Costa Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                             460 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                 October 3, 1993, Sunday, Late Edition - Final

Neighborhood Report: Bayside;
Across the Great Subdivide

BYLINE: By RAYMOND HERNANDEZ

SECTION: Section 13; Page 12; Column 5; The City Weekly Desk

LENGTH: 560 words


Bayside is a leafy neighborhood of homeowners where most of the residents are,
well, homeowners. That's an important distinction these days.

In a recurring battle, civic groups and residents have pressed their campaign to
prevent single-family homes from being subdivided and used as rental properties
in violation of New York City's zoning laws. The laws specify that a home zoned
for single-family use cannot be subdivided into a multi-family dwelling.

The conflict, attributed to everything from a dearth of affordable housing to
the slumping economy, has pitted neighbor against neighbor and has led to
something of a class struggle along the way.

Those opposed to the rentals say that the practice has undermined the stability
of the neighborhood by creating overcrowding, litter, noise and a tenement-house
atmosphere. Many residents direct their anger at both the renters and the
homeowner landlords, contending they have caused a strain on local services like
schools, the police and sanitation.

"It's like the urbanization of Bayside," said Mike Muskopf, a 31-year-old
homeowner who says he knows one man who lives in the basement of his own home
while renting out rooms in the rest of the house. "It's detrimental to the area.
You have more cars parked on the street, more trash on the sidewalks. These are
supposed to be family homes, not apartments."

While the practice of illegally renting rooms and basements occurs in other
neighborhoods throughout the city, it has provoked a particularly aggressive
response in Bayside.

Each month, for instance, Community Board 11 in Bayside receives about two dozen
complaints from residents who suspect that a home is being subdivided into
rental units.

The complaints are passed on to the city Building Department, but civic leaders
and residents say that the agency's response is too slow. The department says it
has only 57 field inspectors responsible for 800,000 buildings, and so must rank
complaints by importance. It says it first addresses conditions that pose "an
imminent danger to the public," like structural defects or too few exits.

"We are aware of community concerns regarding illegal conversions," said Vahe
Tiryakian, a spokesman for the Buildings Department. "But we might not be able
to get there as quick as the community might like."

Helen Philbin, the district manager for Community Board 11, said: "This is
frustrating to the average citizen.  There's a certain quiet that people have
moved to this area for."

Even so, Nick Krokondelas, a homeowner, says he understands why some neighbors
rent out rooms. "If people need the money," said Mr. Krokondelas, a 53-year-old
carpenter, "I guess they have to rent."

Mandingo Tshaka, 62, is the president of the Bayside Clearspring Council, a
civic group that has focused its efforts on eliminating the problem.  Members of
the group have learned to spot the signs that a house is being rented illegally:
extra cars parked on the block and trash piling up in front of the property. He
says he has filed dozens of complaints.

"The problem is that some homeowners feel they can do whatever they want with
their home," Mr. Tshaka said. "But they're wrong. It's important to preserve a
certain standard of life in this community. That means we don't want the
community to be overpopulated."   RAYMOND HERNANDEZ

LOAD-DATE: October 3, 1993

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo: Mandingo Tshaka, president of Bayside Clearspring Council, is
trying to eliminate subdivided one-family homes with secondary tenants. (Steve
Berman for The New York Times)

                   Copyright 1993 The New York Times Company


                             461 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                      Orange County Register (California)

                           November 6, 2014 Thursday

Average rent in O.C. hits record

BYLINE: BY JEFF COLLINS, STAFF WRITER

SECTION: DANAPOINT; Pg. 2

LENGTH: 447 words



HIGHLIGHT: Amount for apartments at big complexes rose 3.3 percent from a year
ago.


Average asking rent for big Orange County apartment complexes hit an all-time
high of $1,765 a month in September, apartment tracker RealFacts recently
reported.

That's up 3.3 percent from a year earlier, for an average rent increase of $57 a
month.

The average represents the amount landlords were asking for vacant apartments of
all sizes at complexes of 90 or more units.

The report comes a week after the USC Casden Multi-Family Forecast predicted
that apartment rents here would climb 8.6 percent more by June 2016.

"Orange County for a long time has been a very difficult place to afford for
housing ... and it's not getting any better," said Dave Levy, a program
specialist at the Fair Housing Council of Orange County. "Fallout from the
foreclosure crisis ... and strong employment is driving people into the rental
market."

Meanwhile, almost every available apartment in the county is spoken for, with
vacancy rates at large complexes at 4.3 percent in the three months ended in
September. That's the lowest rate in seven years.

"The marketplace is not producing sufficient housing to meet demand at a price
that's affordable," Levy said.

The Orange County city with the lowest vacancy rate also had the county's
biggest rent increases. Cypress' vacancies fell to 1.5 percent this summer, and
its average asking rent rose 8.4 percent, or $125, to $1,614 a month.

Average monthly rent has been rising steadily for four consecutive years,
jumping 18 percent, or $273, since the summer of 2010.

Studio apartments had the biggest asking rent increases, rising 3.9 percent to
$1,326 a month, RealFacts reported. The smallest increase was for three-bedroom,
two-bathroom units, which had an increase of 0.6 percent to $2,340 a month.

RealFacts bases its findings on quarterly surveys of 507 apartment complexes
with 133,586 units, representing about a third of Orange County rentals.

Orange County's big-complex average asking rents were the fifth-highest among
California metro areas. Silicon Valley led the state with an average rent of
$2,369 a month, followed by the San Francisco Bay Area at $2,285, Los Angeles
County at $1,939 and Santa Cruz County at $1,899.

But the rate of increases is relatively slow here.

Seventeen California metro areas saw bigger percentage gains than Orange County.
The fastest growing average asking rent was in Sonoma County, up 12.2 percent,
followed by the Bay Area and Silicon Valley, up 11.8 percent and 10.7 percent.

Still, there's no sign that rents are about to level off, said Nick Grotjahn,
RealFacts spokesman.

"Every quarter appears to be a high," he said. "The question is, where are we
going to top out?"



714-796-7734 or jcollins@ocregister.com

LOAD-DATE: November 7, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

DOCUMENT-TYPE:  Story

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2014 Orange County Register
                              All Rights Reserved


                             462 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                      Orange County Register (California)

                           October 23, 2014 Thursday

Average asking rent in county hits record

BYLINE: BY JEFF COLLINS, STAFF WRITER

SECTION: CAPOVALLEY; Pg. D

LENGTH: 447 words



HIGHLIGHT: Amount sought for vacant apartments at big complexes rose 3.3 percent
from a year ago.


Average asking rent for big Orange County apartment complexes hit an all-time
high of $1,765 a month in September, apartment tracker RealFacts reported
Wednesday.

That's up 3.3 percent from a year earlier, for an average rent increase of $57 a
month.

The average represents the amount landlords were asking for vacant apartments of
all sizes at complexes of 90 or more units.

The report comes a week after the USC Casden Multi-Family Forecast predicted
that apartment rents here would climb 8.6 percent more by June 2016.

"Orange County for a long time has been a very difficult place to afford for
housing ... and it's not getting any better," said Dave Levy, a program
specialist at the Fair Housing Council of Orange County. "Fallout from the
foreclosure crisis ... and strong employment is driving people into the rental
market."

Meanwhile, almost every available apartment in the county is spoken for, with
vacancy rates at large complexes at 4.3 percent in the three months ended in
September. That's the lowest rate in seven years.

"The marketplace is not producing sufficient housing to meet demand at a price
that's affordable," Levy said.

The Orange County city with the lowest vacancy rate also had the county's
biggest rent increases. Cypress' vacancies fell to 1.5 percent this summer, and
its average asking rent rose 8.4 percent, or $125, to $1,614 a month.

Average monthly rent has been rising steadily for four consecutive years,
jumping 18 percent, or $273, since the summer of 2010.

Studio apartments had the biggest asking rent increases, rising 3.9 percent to
$1,326 a month, RealFacts reported. The smallest increase was for three-bedroom,
two-bathroom units, which had an increase of 0.6 percent to $2,340 a month.

RealFacts bases its findings on quarterly surveys of 507 apartment complexes
with 133,586 units, representing about a third of Orange County rentals.

Orange County's big-complex average asking rents were the fifth-highest among
California metro areas. Silicon Valley led the state with an average rent of
$2,369 a month, followed by the San Francisco Bay Area at $2,285, Los Angeles
County at $1,939 and Santa Cruz County at $1,899.

But the rate of increases is relatively slow here.

Seventeen California metro areas saw bigger percentage gains than Orange County.
The fastest growing average asking rent was in Sonoma County, up 12.2 percent,
followed by the Bay Area and Silicon Valley, up 11.8 percent and 10.7 percent.

Still, there's no sign that rents are about to level off, said Nick Grotjahn,
RealFacts spokesman.

"Every quarter appears to be a high," he said. "The question is, where are we
going to top out?"



714-796-7734 or jcollins@ocregister.com

LOAD-DATE: October 24, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

DOCUMENT-TYPE:  Story

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2014 Orange County Register
                              All Rights Reserved


                             463 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                      Orange County Register (California)

                           October 16, 2014 Thursday

Average asking rent

BYLINE: Jeff Collins STAFF writer, The Orange County Register

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. D

LENGTH: 447 words



HIGHLIGHT: Amount sought for vacant apartments at big complexes rose 3.3% from
year ago.


Average asking rent for big Orange County apartment complexes hit an all-time
high of $1,765 a month in September, apartment tracker RealFacts reported
Wednesday.

That's up 3.3 percent from a year earlier, for an average rent increase of $57 a
month.

The average represents the amount landlords were asking for vacant apartments of
all sizes at complexes of 90 or more units.

The report comes a week after the USC Casden Multi-Family Forecast predicted
that apartment rents here would climb 8.6 percent more by June 2016.

"Orange County for a long time has been a very difficult place to afford for
housing ... and it's not getting any better," said Dave Levy, a program
specialist at the Fair Housing Council of Orange County. "Fallout from the
foreclosure crisis ... and strong employment is driving people into the rental
market."

Meanwhile, almost every available apartment in the county is spoken for, with
vacancy rates at large complexes at 4.3 percent in the three months ended in
September. That's the lowest rate in seven years.

"The marketplace is not producing sufficient housing to meet demand at a price
that's affordable," Levy said.

The Orange County city with the lowest vacancy rate also had the county's
biggest rent increases. Cypress' vacancies fell to 1.5 percent this summer, and
its average asking rent rose 8.4 percent, or $125, to $1,614 a month.

Average monthly rent has been rising steadily for four consecutive years,
jumping 18 percent, or $273, since the summer of 2010.

Studio apartments had the biggest asking rent increases, rising 3.9 percent to
$1,326 a month, RealFacts reported. The smallest increase was for three-bedroom,
two-bathroom units, which had an increase of 0.6 percent to $2,340 a month.

RealFacts bases its findings on quarterly surveys of 507 apartment complexes
with 133,586 units, representing about a third of Orange County rentals.

Orange County's big-complex average asking rents were the fifth-highest among
California metro areas. Silicon Valley led the state with an average rent of
$2,369 a month, followed by the San Francisco Bay Area at $2,285, Los Angeles
County at $1,939 and Santa Cruz County at $1,899.

But the rate of increases is relatively slow here.

Seventeen California metro areas saw bigger percentage gains than Orange County.
The fastest growing average asking rent was in Sonoma County, up 12.2 percent,
followed by the Bay Area and Silicon Valley, up 11.8 percent and 10.7 percent.

Still, there's no sign that rents are about to level off, said Nick Grotjahn,
RealFacts spokesman.

"Every quarter appears to be a high," he said. "The question is, where are we
going to top out?"



714-796-7734 or jcollins@ocregister.com

LOAD-DATE: October 17, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

DOCUMENT-TYPE:  Story

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2014 Orange County Register
                              All Rights Reserved


                             464 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               Yukon News (Yukon)

                             August 26, 2011 Friday
                                 Final Edition

Affordable housing ideas from Outside

BYLINE: Josh Kerr, Yukon News

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 67

LENGTH: 679  words


Whitehorse isn't the only Canadian city to struggle through a housing crunch.

Airdrie, Alberta, faced a similar crisis a few years ago.

The Alberta town is about the same size as Whitehorse. And a couple of years ago
it also experienced a shortage of affordable housing when commodity prices
surged and the economy boomed.

Airdrie's problems came to a head in July 2008, when oil prices reached a record
$US147 a barrel.

"It was boom time in Alberta and rents were absolutely astronomical," said
Shelley Sweet, managing director of Airdrie Housing Limited.

With provincial funding, the city formed the nonprofit that year to combat the
lack of affordable housing.

"The government of Alberta took a really aggressive approach with this because
the boom was making appropriate housing very inaccessible for people," said
Sweet.

The nonprofit corporation was funded through municipal grants funneled through
city from the provincial government, but it is set up as an independent
organization.

"We have a board of directors, so we're somewhat arm's-length from the city,"
said Sweet. "But we are administering funds that have come to the city on their
behalf, and we're very closely aligned with all of their key initiatives and
their priorities."

Airdrie Housing buys townhouses and condos around the city and rents them to
people who meet its income threshold.

The rates it charges are about 10 per cent below market.

"It's spread throughout the city in a very diverse way," said Sweet. "The
philosophy being there are a number of units all around the city purchased by
this organization, but nobody knows necessarily if their neighbour is an
affordable housing tenant, or not."

So far, the nonprofit has purchased 12 condos, two townhouses and a 32-unit
apartment building.

When they bought the apartment building, it was, "in danger of being converted
into condominiums," said Sweet.

"We wanted to keep it as rental housing," she said. "We already had an extremely
low rental pool."

In Airdrie, just as in Whitehorse, a commercial rental apartment building had
not been built for some time.

Almost all new multi-family buildings are sold as condos.

"While I think there's some more rental opportunities with condominiums, the old
notion of a building that's just rental apartments doesn't seem to exist
anymore," said Sweet. "Unless it's built by social housing."

The nonprofit also provides rent supplements of up to $300 a month for people in
need who aren't living in one of its units.

Providing affordable housing is vital for economic health, said Sweet.

"There are those people who are working out there in oil and gas, getting those
higher salaries, but you also have an entire service industry in restaurants and
retail markets that don't get those kinds of wages, and never will," she said.
"You have to acknowledge that part of your population because they're vital to
making sure the economy works."

In the last few years, Airdrie Housing has helped more than 300 people, said
Sweet.

"We have testimonial after testimonial from people who were just struggling, but
now they're able to find some stability in their lives because they're able to
pay rent without having it hanging over their head every month and making a
choice between rent or food."

Setting up Airdrie Housing took $5.8 million in municipal grants, with an
additional $3.2-million grant from the province to buy the apartment building.

The provincial program responsible for the seed money has expired, and Airdrie
Housing now has to figure out how to sustain itself in the long term.

The board is considering a variety of fundraising options to keep itself afloat,
said Sweet.

"Unfortunately, with the affordable housing situation you can't really pass your
costs on to your tenants - it would defeat the purpose," she said.

When the recession hit and oil prices fell, the city got a reprieve.

But as prices creep up, the situation is far from certain.

"Vacancy rates can change on a dime," said Sweet. "As soon as things pick up,
and we're already starting to see some of that, vacancy rates will go down to
zero very quickly."

LOAD-DATE: August 29, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:
Photo: Submitted photo, Yukon News; When the city of  Airdrie, Alberta,
experienced a housing crunch, the municipal  government bought housing and
rented it below market prices.

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                           Copyright 2011 Yukon News
                              All Rights Reserved


                             465 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                             National Mortgage News

                               September 9, 1985

Innovative Bond Issue Finances New Housing

SECTION: STATE FINANCINGS; Pg. 18

LENGTH: 228 words

DATELINE: NEW YORK


The New York City Housing Development Corp. has arranged an innovative $ 40
million bond issue that will finance 700 units of low and middle-income housing.

The new housing will be subsidized with money received from the surplus of the
Municipal Assistance Corp., the first time a project has been subsidized in this
way, according to the HDC's president, Lance H. Wilson.

Using grants or interest subsidiary payments, the city will pay developers
enough so that their projects can be rented to low and middle-income families.

The HDC previously has financed projects through the state's 80/20 program,
which stipulates that 20% of rental housing financed through the corporation
must be made available to low-income families, with the remaining 80% going at
market rates.

The issue, which is being underwritten by a group led by Goldman, Sachs & Co.,
contains bonds with yields ranging from 7% due in 1989, 8.3% in 2000, 8.5% in
2005 and 8.7% due in 2016.

Mr. Wilson said the city's multi-family housing finance program was the first in
the country to use Federal Housing Administration co-insurance programs in which
mortgage loans are 85% insured by the FHA and 15% by a mortgage banker.

The participation of a private mortgage banker means that such financings can be
arranged in a few months, rather than the year it normally takes for projects.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1985 National Thrift News, Inc.


                             466 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           August 21, 2013 Wednesday

Maryland: Program Manager I (053464) Multi-Family Portfolio Manager, Division of
Credit Assurance

LENGTH: 920  words

DATELINE: Annapolis


The Department of Budget and Management, The State of Maryland has issued the
following news release:

Recruitment #13-005476-015
Date Opened  8/19/2013 11:59:00 AM
Filing Deadline  9/2/2013 11:59:00 PM
Salary  $50,631.00 - $73,956.00/year (Grade 19/base - step 15)
Employment Type  Full-Time
HR Analyst  Amy Kipersztok
Work Location  Anne Arundel
Go Back Click HERE to apply Click HERE to view benefits
Introduction

Work that Matters. The Maryland Department of Housing & Community Development
(DHCD) is a national leader in financing affordable housing and community
development lending.  We are good and strive to be great.
GRADE
19/base - step 15
LOCATION OF POSITION

Crownsville, Maryland

In the future, DHCD will be relocating from Crownsville, Anne Arundel County, to
the New Carrollton transit stop location in Prince George's County.
POSITION DUTIES
DHCD has an immediate opening for a Program Manager in its Division of Credit
Assurance. This individual will be responsible for supervising portfolio
managers in our DCA Multifamily Unit. This position will supervise technical
underwriting analysis of lenders, applications for mortgage insurance on
Multifamily rental housing projects and small business loans. This position
monitors approved projects through the initial closing,
construction/rehabilitation, final closing and asset management phases of
project development. This position establishes and evaluates program goals,
standards and controls to meet program objectives.
MINIMUM EDUCATION OR GENERAL REQUIREMENTS

Education: Bachelor's degree from an accredited college or university in
Business, Finance, Economics, Planning, or a related field.

Experience:  Four years of administrative or professional work, one of which
must be in a supervisory capacity and two of which must be in the development,
asset management, or management of affordable housing.

Notes:

Candidates may substitute additional experience in administrative staff or
professional work on a year-for-year basis for the required education.
    Candidates may substitute additional graduate level education at an
accredited college or university at the rate of 30 semester credit hours for
each year of the required administrative or professional experience.

DESIRED OR PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS

Knowledge of federal and State Housing programs
    Strong oral and Written communication skills
    Ability to work in a fast-paced, deadline driven environment
    A background in finance and the ability to analyze financial statements

LICENSES, REGISTRATIONS AND CERTIFICATIONS

Employees in this classification may be assigned duties which require the
operation of a motor vehicle. Employees assigned such duties will be required to
possess a motor vehicle operator's license valid in the State of Maryland.
SELECTION PROCESS
Please provide sufficient information on your application to document that you
meet the minimum qualifications for this recruitment. Please provide
transcripts, certifications or diplomas to document educational or certification
qualifications. Educational credentials from foreign countries must be evaluated
by an approved education review service. This evaluation must be submitted with
your application. For further information, you may call International
Consultants of Delaware, Inc. (302) 737-8715 or World Education Services Inc.
1-800-932-3897 or (202) 331-2925. Successful candidates will be ranked as  Best
Qualified, Better Qualified, or Qualified and placed on the employment
(eligible) list for at least one year. Eligible list may be used to fill future
vacancies of the same classification.
EXAMINATION PROCESS
The examination will consist of a rating of your education, training, and
experience related to the requirements of the position.  You may be required to
complete a qualifications supplement, or the rating may be based on your
application.  Therefore, it is important that you provide complete and accurate
information on your application.  Report all experience and education that is
related to this position.
BENEFITS

STATE OF MARYLAND BENEFITS

DHCD offers a flexible work schedule, telework and job sharing options,
advancement and career path opportunities, casual business dress on Fridays, and
a competitive salary.  There is ample free parking, a cafeteria in the building,
and DHCD is located in close proximity to the historic capital of Annapolis.
FURTHER INSTRUCTIONS

Online applications are highly recommended. However, if you wish to submit a
paper application or are unable to upload your transcripts into the system,
please send via fax or mail.

Please include a cover memo with the following information:

Attn: Amy Kipersztok, Recruitment Manager
    Your First and Last name
    Last 4 of SS#
    Recruitment #
    Classification (Job Title) of Recruitment

Please be advised that we can no longer accept the old MS-100 or resumes only;
if you are interested in the position and cannot apply online please fill out
the revised paper application which can be found on JobAps or by contacting the
Department of Budget and Management's Recruitment and Examinations Division Job
Information Line at 410-767-4850.

Fax: (410) 514-7029

Mail to:

Amy Kipersztok, Recruitment Manager

DHCD, Office of Human Resources

100 Community Place

Crownsville, MD 21032

As an equal opportunity employer Maryland is committed to recruiting, retaining
and promoting employees who are reflective of the State's diversity.

For further information please visit: http://www.dbm.maryland.gov/jobseekers/

LOAD-DATE: August 21, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             467 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            Buffalo News (New York)

                            December 30, 2012 Sunday
                                 FINAL EDITION

Selling Points

BYLINE: By Jonathan D. Epstein - News Business Reporter

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. D5

LENGTH: 1183 words


Some recent notable real estate deals in the Buffalo Niagara region:

1) Location: 5000 North America Drive, West Seneca

Price: $13.5 million

Buyer: Allied Frozen Storage Holdings LLC

Seller: Drew Blum of West Falls, through Blum Holdings LLC

Planned Use: Continued operation of single-story, temperature-controlled
warehouse with 6.09 million cubic feet of space, already part of Allied Frozen
Storage's network of facilities in the Buffalo and Rochester areas. Founded in
1983, by Charles and Matteo Pecorella and John and Carl Petronio in Brockport as
a third-party warehousing and logistics company, Allied was acquired by Blum ?
its chief financial officer ? and its employee stock ownership plan in 2006 and
it bought the West Seneca facility in 2008.

2) Location: 186 Efner St., Buffalo

Price: $9.6 million

Buyer: Liberty Affordable Housing of Rome, N.Y., through Mariner Housing
Development Fund Co. Inc.

Seller: Maryner Associates L.P.

Planned Use: Continued operation of low-income housing complex. Property is the
four-building, two-story Maryner Towers multi-family apartment complex, on 11.52
acres at intersection of Maryland Avenue and Efner Street on the West Side of
Buffalo. Property is managed by CRM Rental Management, whose former president is
now the executive director of Liberty. Liberty is a nonprofit specializing in
the development and preservation of affordable housing in Upstate New York.

3) Location: 2475 George Urban Blvd., Depew

Price: $4.375 million

Buyer: Peter Wilson and Frank Campofelice of Buffalo, through George Urban
Associates LLC

Seller: Quad Graphics of Wisconsin, through QG Printing Corp.

Planned Use: New headquarters for Harper International, which is moving and
expanding from its current home on West Drullard Avenue in Lancaster to the
former Quebecor plant. Harper would occupy 175,000 square feet of the
850,000-square-foot plant. Wilson is the president of Sonwil Distribution
Center, while Campofelice is co-owner of a commercial and industrial building
contractor, whose family also recently bought Southgate Plaza.

4) Location: 3050 Niagara Falls Blvd., Amherst

Price: $3.845 million

Buyer: Steven Dubler of New York City, through 3050 Niagara Falls Holdings LLC

Seller: Visconsi Companies Ltd. of Pepper Pike, Ohio, through V-Stone
Group-Niagara Ltd.

Planned Use: Investment. Location of a KeyBank bank branch on 0.887 acres.
Visconsi is a fourth-generation, family-owned developer and manager of retail
properties, including shopping centers and other real estate projects.

5) Location: 7008 Erie Road, Evans

Price: $3.455 million

Buyer: Tzetzo Companies of Buffalo, through 7008 Erie Road Associates LLC

Seller: James Pagliaroli and Jeff Jarosz of Derby, through Dreml Enterprises
Inc.

Planned Use: Investment, extensive renovations and repositioning with a new name
as Cypress Glen apartments. Property is an apartment development and
8,000-square-foot, two-story, freestanding commercial mixed-use building on 7.7
acres, constructed in 1953. Tzetzo Companies specializes in real estate
development and management, diversified investment and capital allocation, and
the father-and-son principals, Dimitri J. and Nicholas B. Tzetzo, also have
their own real estate law firm.

6) Location: 10 Curtwright Drive, Amherst

Price: $2.95 million

Buyer: Butch Kreuz, through 10 Curtwright Drive LLC

Seller: Anthony J. Ragusa Jr., through The Walker Center LP

Planned Use: Investment. Property has been home to Ashton-Potter USA, a
commercial printing company that makes stamps for both the United States and
Canada. Ragusa owns The Advantage Company, Stereo Advantage, Tony Walker and the
Walker Center retail plaza in Williamsville, as well as operations as 1955
Wehrle Drive, just down the street from the Curtwright property. Kreuz is the
CEO of The Advantage Company, and took the opportunity to buy the property he
had long been involved wit

7) Location: 80 Sonwil Drive, Cheektowaga

Price: $1.375 million

Buyer: Pete Wilson, through 80 Sonwil LLC

Seller: Anthony Manzella Jr. of Eggertsville, through 80 Sonwil Drive Inc.

Planned Use: Will still be occupied by Jim Manzella's Manzella Marketing Group
and Totes Isotoner Corp. but plans for the warehouse portion are uncertain. Has
been home to Anthony Manzella's Manzella Productions, a glove designer and
manufacturer, and Jim Manzella's Manzella Marketing, a direct marketing firm.
Wilson is president of Sonwil Distribution.

8) Location: 296 Main St., City of Tonawanda

Price: $1.12 million

Buyer: Sinatra & Co. Real Estate of Tonawanda, through 296 Main Group LLC

Seller: Gary J. Greco of Clarence, through 296 Main LLC

Planned Use: Investment. Property is a multi-family apartment building with 24
units. Part of larger deal with same selling group that also included $1.311
million purchase of 30 apartments at 560-574 South Transit Road in Lockport.

9) Location: Part of 205 Park Club Lane, Amherst

Price: $510,000

Buyer: Ciminelli Real Estate Corp., through 199 Park Club Lane LLC

Seller: Ciminelli Real Estate Corp., through 205 Park Club Lane LLC

Planned Use: Paper transfer of small amount of land to accommodate the new $7.2
million, 30,600-square-foot, one-story medical office building that Ciminelli is
developing at 195 Park Club Lane. Property is part of Univera Healthcare's
corporate headquarters property, which faces the Youngmann Expressway. Univera
has a 10-year lease on the facility with Ciminelli.

10) Location: 202-206 Allen St., Buffalo

Price: $355,000

Buyer: Summer Fresh Logistics Inc.

Seller: Peter W. and Wayne J. Fowler

Planned Use: Uncertain. Home of Rust Belt Books and La Tee Da Cafe. Buyer could
not be identified.

11) Location: 765 Hertel Ave., Buffalo

Price: $350,000

Buyer: Jollip LLC

Seller: Wayne Mertz, through Metalworks Group LLC

Planned Use: Uncertain. Property is currently home to Goergen Mackwirth Co., a
96-year-old custom metal fabrication and industrial contracting firm that
operates throughout Western and upstate New York. Seller is the owner of Goergen
Mackwirth. Buyer could not be confirmed but is registered to the home of Jeffrey
Mertz, a family member and Goergen Mackwirth executive.

12) Location: 1472 Hertel Ave., Buffalo

Price: $290,000

Buyer: Nick Sinatra/Sinatra & Co. Real Estate, through Sunrise Estates of WNY
LLC

Seller: Fiserv ISS & Co. and Ross T. Runfola as trustees

Planned Use: Investment and restaurant. Longtime home of Runfola's La Dolce Vita
Italian restaurant in "Little Italy" area of Hertel. Two-story building, with
1,750-square-foot restaurant, also includes four apartments. Runfola retired
after running the 8-year-old restaurant for more than six years.

13) Location: 18 St. Louis Place, Buffalo

Price: $280,000

Buyer: 18 St. Louis Place LLC

Seller: David B. Smith of Buffalo, through Pearl Block Inc.

Planned Use: Investment. Property is 6,000-square-foot multifamily apartment
building, with two loft and five one-bedroom apartments. Seller is an attorney
with an office across the street. Buyer could not be identified but is linked to
a Canadian money management firm in London, Ont.

SOURCE: Erie and Niagara county clerks' offices, buyers, sellers and other
records.

LOAD-DATE: January 22, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2012 The Buffalo News
                              All Rights Reserved


                             468 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The Capital (Annapolis, MD)

                             April 10, 2006 Monday

LEGISLATIVE UPDATE

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. 14

LENGTH: 216  words


Pending city and county legislation affecting businesses:

City

Resolution 10-06 - Annexes Samaras Property, contiguous to the city line
southwest side of Bay Ridge Road across the street from where Georgetown Road.

Ordinance 12-06 - Provides B2 Community Shopping zoning for Samaras property.

Ordinance 11-06 - Reduces density in multi-family housing projects in the BCE
Zoning Districts by increasing minimum square footage requirement. Pending.

Ordinance 8-06 - Bars pawnbrokers from selling property for at least 30 days
except when redeemed by pawn ticket and requires them to turn stolen merchandise
over to police without payment. Pending.

Ordinance 7-06 -Requires that rental leases clearly spell out maintenance
responsibilities. Pending.

Ordinance 4-06 - Allows the Department of Planning and Zoning to sell or to
permit to be sold affordable housing units in housing developments to approved
non-profit organizations. Pending.

Ordinance 02-06 - Lease of City Dock space to Chesapeake Marine Tours for fiscal
year 2012. Approved.

Ordinance 1-06 - Lease of property located around the harbor to the United
States Yacht Shows and Annapolis Boat Shows, Inc., in 2010. Approved.

County

Bill No. 19-06 - Makes making multifamily dwellings a permitted use in
Commercial revitalization areas. Status: Pending.

LOAD-DATE: April 11, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


              Copyright 2006 Capital Gazette Communications, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             469 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        The Patriot Ledger (Quincy, MA)

                            October 26, 2010 Tuesday
                                  ROP Edition

CHAPTER 40B - WORTH THE PRICE? - BALLOT QUESTION 2: AFFORDABLE HOUSING -
'AFFORDABLE' APARTMENTS ARE IN DEMAND IN ABINGTON;
Large 40B project has not overwhelmed town schools and fire department

BYLINE: Steve Adams, The Patriot Ledger

SECTION: News; pg. 7

LENGTH: 514 words


THIRD OF A FOUR-PART SERIES

ABINGTON

Built on the site of a former tree nursery, the Woodlands at Abington Station is
shrouded behind a curtain of trees that obscures it from the surrounding
residential neighborhood. Past a clubhouse and leasing office bordered by a
tennis court and swimming pool, eight three-story apartment buildings are
arrayed around a series of driveways looping through the property.

As unobtrusive as it appears from outside, the Woodlands has been just as
inconspicuous leaving its mark on the town.

The property was built in 2003 by Beacon Communities, a Boston-based development
company that has built a half-dozen multi-family projects under Chapter 40B over
the years.

There are 192 apartments at the Woodlands. Two-bedroom apartments rent for
$1,400 a month, while the 20 percent of units set aside at below-market rates go
for $800.

The Woodlands pays the town more than $284,000 a year in property taxes, Deputy
Assessor Jack Pistorino said. Beacon Communities pays for trash removal and
snowplowing for the property.

The Abington Fire Department responded to 66 calls from the property in the last
12 months, including 43 medical calls. Acting Fire Chief Jack Weckbacher said
the number of calls is not unusual given the size of the complex, and the ratio
of medical calls to fire calls is typical for a multi-family development. "In my
estimation, it's a typical apartment complex," he said.

School Superintendent Peter Schafer said the school system has not seen a major
influx of enrollment from the development. Currently, 28 children from the
Woodlands attend Abington Public Schools.

Howard Cohen, CEO of Beacon Communities, said the market-rate units tend to
attract few families with children as they are primarily leased to young singles
or people new to the area.

It took Beacon Communities about a year to lease all 192 units in the
development, which is currently 100 percent occupied, Cohen said.

Beacon Communities also is seeking permits for 119 apartments at the former Ames
Shovel Shops site in Easton.

Voters will get a chance to weigh in on Chapter 40B at the ballot box on Nov. 2.
Critics of Chapter 40B have placed Question 2, which would repeal the
41-year-old housing law, on the ballot. Cohen said if Chapter 40B is repealed,
virtually no multi-family housing will be built in Massachusetts outside of the
larger cities.

"Multi-family housing is the point of entry for our young professional work
force, public employees and for the elderly," Cohen said. "Without 40B, we would
have a terrible shortage of housing as the economy recovers."

With apartment rents already rising in Greater Boston, that could prompt renewed
calls for rent control, Cohen said. It also would hurt Massachusetts' ability to
remain economically competitive with other states, he said.

The Woodlands at Abington Station

Developer:Beacon Communities of Boston

Opened: 2003

Project: 192 apartments

Market-rate apartment price: $1,400 a month

Affordable apartment price: $800 a month

Impact: School and police officials say the development has not had a major
effect on services.

LOAD-DATE: November 8, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: The Woodlands at Abington Station has 192 apartments. It pays the town
more than $284,000 a year in property taxes, Abington's deputy assessor says.,
AMELIA KUNHARDT/The Patriot Ledger

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2010 The Patriot Ledger


                             470 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                WMI Company News

                            November 12, 2012 Monday

dmhFund break ground on new senior housing scheme in Pennsylvania

LENGTH: 202 words


Poised to be the first urban LGBT in the US, the John C. Anderson Apartments
will be located at 249 South 13th Street, in the centre of the Philadelphia
Gayborhood, which formerly served as a Redevelopment Authority garage.

The project involves development of a six-storey building, which will offer 56,
one-bedroom residences. Designed to meet Energy Star 3.0 rating, the units will
feature oversized windows. The building will feature a vegetated garden roof and
solar thermal hot water system.

The development will also include a 5,000 square feet enclosed courtyard, which
will feature raised beds for senior-friendly community gardening. The
development is also likely to include approximately 2,000 square feet of
rentable ground floor retail space with substantial frontage along 13th Street.

The funding for the project is being provided through a Philadelphia HOME grant,
Pennsylvania Redevelopment Assistance Capital Program funds, and Low-Income
Housing Tax Credits. Pennrose Properties, LLC will provide project management
services for the development.

The architectural services for the project will be provided by WRT Design, while
Domus Incorporated will serve as the general contractor of the project.

LOAD-DATE: November 12, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2012 World Market Intelligence Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             471 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                     June 22, 1978, Thursday, Final Edition

Full-Subsidy Housing Dedicated on 14th St.

BYLINE: By Vernon C. Thompson, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: District Weekly; DC3

LENGTH: 415 words


A multi-family, federally subsidized low-income rental project now under
construction near 14th and Euclid streets NW was dedicated by neighborhood
officials at a special ribbon-cutting ceremony early this week.

The special ceremony marked the building of the 112-unit Faircliff Housing
Project, which has been in the planning stage for nearly 10 years.  The project
will be the first on 14th Street to have a 100 percent federal rent subsidy
under the new Section 8 federal housing subsidy program, according to William
Ellis, executive director of the 14th Street Project Area Committee.

The project, according to the spokesman, is designed for low-income families,
unlike other recently constructed projects nearby that have been targeted for
moderate-income families.  "We are shooting for families earning from
Zero-to-$18,005," Ellis said.

Under the federal rent subsidy program, tenants pay one-quarter of their income
in rent, with the remainder being paid by the federal government.

Community planner LeRoy Hubbard said Monday's ceremony was designed not only to
pay tribute to a post-riot dream of the 1960s, but to honor Attorney LeRoy Jones
- a 14th Street community planner who died recently.

Marion Phillipps, a spokeswoman for Faircliff Associates, a nonprofit
organization which is building the project, said a cornerstone would be set into
the project the mark Jones' contributions to the 14th Street community.

Jones, according to officials, was a member of the planning committee that has
worked to rebuild the 14th Street riot corridor.  According to Hubbard, the
Faircliff project was planned in 1969 after the riots and has taken nearly a
decade to complete.  He said the project - scheduled for completion December -
was delayed by the Nixon Administration moratorium on subsidized housing and a
logn search for developers.

D.C. Councilman David Clarke, who said he preferred to attend the ceremony
rather than send a telegram, said he was dedicated to the low-income rental
project and the development of the 14th Street community.

Richard Jones, the brother of man being honored, said, "I never thought it could
be possible . . . We used to cuss you all out becuase you were not doing things
smart enough or fast enough - now you've honored one of your own."

Jones said the low-income housing project was "a turning point" for the
community and that the ceremony for his brother was "symbolic" of the community
honoring one of its own members.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 1978 The Washington Post


                             472 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         South Carolina Lawyers Weekly

                                 April 28, 2008

Verdicts & Settlements April 28, 2008: Developer settles claim with city

BYLINE: South Carolina Lawyers Weekly Staff

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 791  words


Brief statement of claim: The lawsuit was filed in February 2005 under the Fair
Housing Act of 1968, 42 U.S.C. Sect. 3601, et seq. The act makes it unlawful to
"interfere" with someone who has "aided or encouraged" racial minorities to
enjoy their statutory "right" to housing.

Data from the 2000 Census demonstrated that, in the City of West Columbia, there
was an insufficient stock of low-income rental housing within the economic means
of African Americans. Plaintiff, Connelly Development, LLC, through an entity
called Tanners Crossing, LP, (which also was a plaintiff), planned to build a
low-income rental project known as "Tanners Crossing. "

If the project were built, it would have increased that segment of West
Columbia's housing affordable to the city's minority population. Connelly
designed Tanners Crossing so its units could be rented to tenants earning at or
below 60 percent of the 2004 area median income for the Columbia Metropolitan
Statistical Area. Census data show that 77.5 percent of renter households in
West Columbia are African American.

Connelly successfully navigated all land use, zoning and financing avenues to
develop Tanners Crossing, but the defendants withheld one last but vital
approval: sewer service. The sewer lines already existed, no costly extension of
new lines was necessary and there was more than sufficient capacity within the
current infrastructure to accommodate Tanners Crossing.

Lacking final sewer approval, Connelly became ineligible for low-income housing
tax credits from the S.C. State Housing and Finance Development Authority. Had
the city approved the sewer hook-up, Tanners Crossing would have been allocated
LIHTCs under the authority's 2004 qualified action plan. Without such an
allocation, the project became economically infeasible.

The city itself then annexed the site within its jurisdiction. The city placed
its most restrictive zoning classification on the site to block Connelly, or
anyone else, from building a multi-family dwelling there.

Minorities, who already suffered from a dearth of housing in West Columbia and
who would have afforded the rent at Tanners Crossing, were thus deprived decent,
affordable homes because the city interfered with the project's development. One
plaintiff, Janice Davis, is a resident of West Columbia and would have qualified
to live in Tanners Crossing.

The plaintiffs and the trade association of which Kevin Connelly is a member,
the National Association of Home Builders, sought declaratory relief and a
finding that West Columbia's interference with the development was a
discriminatory practice that violated the FHA because it has a discriminatory
effect on minorities. The individual plaintiffs sought actual and punitive
damages, as well as attorney fees and costs.

This was a national test case brought with the assistance and participation of
NAHB to demonstrate that the land use planning actions of municipalities could
violate federal fair housing laws as long as there was a discriminatory effect
on minorities, regardless of any intent.

Principal injuries (in order of severity): The developer lost over $1 million of
the lost value of Tanners Crossing. The NAHB had its efforts to promote fair
housing in South Carolina and elsewhere diluted by the actions of West Columbia.
NAHB did not seek actual damages, but only nominal damages and attorney fees and
costs. The individual plaintiff, Janice Davis, lost the opportunity to live in
decent, affordable housing.

Special damages: See above.

Tried or settled: Settled

Court where tried or settled: U.S. District Court, Columbia Division

Case name and number: Connelly Development, LLC, et al. v. City of West
Columbia, Case No. 3:05-460-MBS

Date concluded: Feb. 15, 2008

Name of judge: Hon. Margaret B. Seymour

Amount: $600,000

Insurance carrier: None. The carrier for West Columbia denied coverage and a
defense to the city.

Expert witnesses & areas of expertise: For the plaintiffs: Dr. Jess Teel, of the
University of South Carolina, statistical analysis of discriminatory effect; Tad
Scepaniak, Real Property Research Group, of Woodstock, Ga., market study for
need for affordable housing and demand for the project; Brad W. Weinberg,
Novogradac & Co., of Bethesda, Md., for damages; Robert Thomas, of Bamberg, for
causation analysis for award of tax credits. For the defendant: Bobby Bowers, of
the State Budget and Control Board, for statistical information; Howard Duvall,
executive director of the S.C. Municipal Association, on land-use planning and
zoning; Charlie Taylor, of USC, on land use planning and zoning.

Attorney for plaintiffs: Ned Nicholson, McNair Law Firm, Columbia

Other useful info: This was the first national test case brought by NAHB.

Submitted by: Hydie Kirkland

LOAD-DATE: April 29, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Legal activity (lawsuits etc.)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2008 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved


                             473 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Post

                           January 20, 2005 Thursday

THE MAGNIFICENT SIX - PRESENTING THIS YEAR'S REBNY HONOREES

SECTION: All Editions; Pg. 58

LENGTH: 1133 words


STEPHEN M. ROSS

Stephen M. Ross is the Founder and Chief Executive Officer of The Related
Companies, L.P., and the winner of the Harry B. Helmsley Distinguished New
Yorker Award.

Ross is the man who gave New York the Time Warner Center. While competitors were
trying to lease Time Warner Chairman Richard Parsons office space, Ross
convinced him he needed a headquarters for the 21st Century. Parsons understood.

While involved on the REBNY Board of Governors and a long list of charities, he
is now immersed in a special project after donating $100 million to the
University of Michigan.

"The business school was just named after me," he admits somewhat shyly.

"Steve has the heart and courage of a very large lion," advises his friend and
attorney, Marty Edelman. "He's a special guy."

Current city projects include the re-development of the Bronx Terminal Market
into a large power center, a reinvention of the South Street Seaport, and a
handful of highrises.

With a background as a tax lawyer, Ross understands the complexities of
developing, the need for creative financing, and the creation and use of
government subsidy programs.

"He has a strong sense of financial projects developed, and in some cases
pioneered by him," said Edelman.

Those have allowed Related to create and fund thousands of affordable housing
units even while developing luxury apartment towers.

The company, founded by Ross in 1972, now has a portfolio worth more than $12
billion. Related is the second largest owner of multi-family rental apartments
in the country, with approximately 250,000 units in 44 states.

"The definition of affordable is for work force housing, and that's the greatest
need for New York," Ross says. "If we don't provide for work force housing, we
will find people moving out - like corporations who can't get the labor."

While the city is currently in an expansionary job creation mode, Ross insists,
"We have to be looking ahead."

GREGG A. POPKIN

Gregg A. Popkin is Senior Managing Director, Asset Services at CB Richard Ellis,
Inc. and the recipient of the George M. Brooker Management Executive of the Year
Award.

He owes his start to Harry and Leona Helmsley, a relative.

Popkin was in the Midwest working for General Motors labor area when he and his
wife decided to move back to the city. A graduate of Cornell's Labor Management
School, Popkin was put to work in the family's hotels.

"I quickly learned I like the real estate side of the house, more than the labor
side," Popkin recalled.

As head of asset services he now supervises 34 million square feet worth more
than $6 billion in the tri-state area for CB Richard Ellis.

Popkin was getting an MBA at Columbia full-time when John Tishman recruited him
for a project.

Later, Popkin worked for then Jones Lang Wooton, overseeing the completion and
lease up of Harborside in Jersey City.

After a stint in Florida, he was brought to Mecca in Saudia Arabia to work on
the development of a huge, residential and hotel project, but Popkin wasn't
going to move there permanently. "This was a 50-year job," he recalls.

Instead, he bought the Colliers affiliate for Palm Beach and Miami, merged with
another developer and created an industrial property group before hooking up
with Insignia and returning to New York. Insignia was later purchased by CBRE.

JERRY I. SPEYER

Jerry I. Speyer is president and chief executive officer of Tishman Speyer
Properties.

With his winning grin, Jerry I. Speyer has made Tishman Properties into a true
global player with ownership interests and developments worth $15 billion
worldwide.

Speyer, who is chair emeritus, and the late Bernard Mendik, provided guidance to
REBNY and the city.

Recently, Speyer was appointed to the World Trade Center Memorial Foundation by
the governor and mayor.

Speyer has also been an active leader and chair emeritus of the Partnership for
New York City, and as its vice chairman, he recently completed overseeing the
complicated construction of the new Museum of Modern Art.

The company could eventually become one of the first worldwide real estate
investment trusts.

JEFFREY R. GURAL

Jeffrey R. Gural is Chairman of Newmark & Company Real Estate, Inc.

A champion of the city, he's not afraid to challenge it, always with the idea of
making it better.

A decade ago, Gural organized the Property Tax Fairness Coalition and helped to
change that tax policy, making owners smile. He now helps puts smiles on kids -
along with positions as a REBNY Governor and on other charities, Gural is area
president of the The Starlight Foundation, Chairman of "I Have a Dream - NY" and
CoSponsor of the Chelsea-Elliot "I Have a Dream" Project.

"We create all kinds of programs designed to help quality of life for sick
children," Gural said.

Newmark was a small family company when his dad, Aaron, and other partners,
brought Gural in from the construction business.

Gural has since made Newmark a nationwide, full-service company.

The winner of REBNY's Humanitarian Award, Gural always follows through.

Earlier this month, New-mark matched all its employees donations to tsunami
relief.

MARY ANN TIGHE

Mary Ann Tighe has become the first lady of New York real estate.

Carrying her trademark Hermes bags, the power broker, speaker, and planner left
cable television and entered real estate, becoming a protegee of the late Edward
S. Gordon.

Gordon's eponymous company has since merged into the worldwide CB Richard Ellis.

Tighe is now the Tri-State Area chief executive officer.

Tighe has won The Most Creative Retail Deal of the Year, The Henry Hart Rice
Achievement Award (twice) and the Robert T. Lawrence Memorial Award (twice).
Tighe is a member of REBNY's Executive Committee, the Board of The New 42nd
Street, the Board of the New York City Ballet, and the Business Committee of the
Metropolitan Museum of Art.

She's also on the board of the foundation begun for her late sister, Joan's
Legacy: The Joan Scarangello Foundation to Conquer Lung Cancer.

SARAH K. COHN

Sarah K. Cohn has been named The Young Real Estate Woman of the Year

An attorney by profession, Cohn is has also been an effective real estate
analyst and leasing professional at companies including McGraw Hill and
Quadrangle Development Corp. in Washington, D.C.

Currently Executive Vice President and General Counsel of KTR Newmark Real
Estate Services LLC, she is also a member of the management and leasing company,
Koeppel Companies LLC.

Cohn was previously secretary, and later vice chairman of the Young Mens/
Women's Real Estate Association whose members chose her for this award.

"She did a lot without the fanfare," said Brian Waterman, former Chairman of
YM/WREA, and Vice Chairman of Newmark & Co.

Cohn also began and implemented a program for YM/WREA members with Habitat for
Humanity.

LOAD-DATE: January 20, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: - GREGG A. POPKIN - JERRY I. SPEYER - JEFFREY R. GURAL - MARY ANN TIGHE
- SARAH K. COHN - STEPHEN ROSS - GREGG A. POPKIN - JERRY I. SPEYER - JEFFREY R.
GURAL - MARY ANN TIGHE - SARAH K. COHN

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2005 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             474 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                Intelligencer Journal (Lancaster, Pennsylvania)

                            January 26, 2009 Monday

A Way To Fix Homes And The Economy

BYLINE: Letters

SECTION: A; Pg. 7

LENGTH: 549  words

DATELINE: Lancaster, PA


TO THE EDITOR:

There's no quick fix for our country's struggling economy. And worse, the
legislative solutions offered so far have failed to address the unique nature of
Pennsylvania's housing crisis.

But believe it or not, there's one recovery option sure to help fix the housing
mess that precipitated the downturn and create jobs and economic activity at the
same time.

Want to rebuild the economy? Try building homes.

Pennsylvania is a state with old houses and old owners, many of whom are
struggling with low incomes. There is no statewide strategy for affordable basic
systems repair, which leaves too many homeowners vulnerable to lending abuse.

In fact, that abuse is an underlying cause of our state's housing problems.
Predatory loans for home repair and a lack of growth in the rental market drove
people into home ownership - when they probably couldn't afford it - because
they had no other choice.

And how has that manifested itself locally? Lancaster's local economy depends on
three elements: agriculture, tourism and industry. Unfortunately, the dropoff of
industry that's accompanied our stalled economy has left an unprecedented number
of residents in Central Pennsylvania out of work and unable to pay their
mortgage or renovate their homes. Those displaced residents need and deserve
well-paying jobs and safe, affordable houses.

Fortunately, accomplishing one of those tasks can lead to another. The
construction of a new multi-family rental unit creates 1.16 new jobs. And every
$100,000 spent on home remodeling produces 1.11 new jobs.

In other words, building, repairing and renovating homes - both for rent and
purchase - can help get people back into the workforce.

It's also an investment in important community infrastructure, another priority
for the incoming administration, as well as labor and material intensive -
meaning it immediately generates cash and economic activity for municipal and
state governments.

How do we pay for this? Last year Congress passed - but didn't fund - a national
housing trust fund with the idea of creating a steady stream of revenue to
invest in building and renovating homes.

Today, a $10 billion investment in that national housing trust fund could
produce 113,000 new jobs nationwide, and the rehabilitation or construction of
100,000 rental homes for our low-income neighbors.

The point? President Barack Obama and U.S. Sens. Arlen Specter and Bob Casey
would be wise to make such an investment a part of the new recovery package. A
plan that prioritizes investments in rental properties and helping people fix up
their aging homes would actually do more to revive the housing market and create
jobs than efforts already underway.

It would ensure that much needed help finds its way to places like Lancaster's
city and boroughs as our representatives here work to fund our own state housing
trust fund (which the General Assembly established - but didn't fund - last
year). And the country would see an influx of hundreds of thousands of jobs and
billions of dollars of economic activity as a result.

Among the beneficiaries? Boroughs like Columbia, Mount Joy and Ephrata.

It's not a total fix, but it's a healthy start.

Michael R. Carper

President

Housing Development Corp.

Mary Kay Eckenrode

Director of  Real Estate Lending

Community First Fund

LOAD-DATE: January 26, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2009 Lancaster Newspapers, Inc.


                             475 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              Chicago Daily Herald

                             March 12, 2010 Friday
                                   D1 Edition

Federal aid to finance housing

SECTION: REAL ESTATE; Pg. 10

LENGTH: 216 words


Illinois recently launched a statewide Preservation Initiative to build and
preserve affordable rental homes.

Under the Multi-Family Initiative Bonds program, the state will make available
$184 million in tax-exempt bond financing for housing development.

This Illinois Housing Development Authority bond program was funded with the
help of a federal initiative announced in October. The federal initiative
assists housing finance agencies nationwide in expanding programs that encourage
the production of affordable homes.

Through the program, the IHDA will help finance the new construction,
acquisition and rehabilitation of affordable housing.

"We understand the need for affordable housing is on the rise as working
families struggle in this economy. By working with our partners, the new
Preservation Initiative will further IHDA's mission by tapping into a new
funding source to preserve affordable housing throughout the state," said Gloria
L. Materre, executive director of the IHDA. "An added benefit will be the
creation of jobs."

Developers with affordable housing plans, including preservation, will apply for
a portion of the available financing in the coming months. Details will be
posted at ihda.org. IHDA is a self-supporting state agency that finances
affordable housing across Illinois.

LOAD-DATE: March 12, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2010 Paddock Publications, Inc.


                             476 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       Vallejo Times Herald (California)

                              April 7, 2013 Sunday

Proposed Vallejo housing project remodel causing buzz

BYLINE: By Jessica A. York/ Times-Herald staff writer

SECTION: LOCAL

LENGTH: 482 words


Vallejo's high levels of affordable housing availability will again be on the
table for public debate at Tuesday's Vallejo City Council meeting.

The council, after deferring the issue at a meeting last month, will hold a
public hearing on a housing developer request to take advantage of a $24 million
state tax-exempt bond borrowing process to purchase and rehabilitate a 184-unit
apartment complex.

While Vallejo will not be on the hook to repay the bond, some members of the
public have criticized the developer's proposal to turn the Seabreeze
Apartments, at 100 Larissa Lane, fully into federally subsidized affordable
housing. As of last month, about 35 percent of the rental units were offered at
market rate.

City officials have added conditions for city approval to this meeting's agenda
item. Specifically, developer ROEM Development Corporation has been asked to
provide on-site resident services for the coming 15 years, an annual report
documenting services provided and participation in the city's Crime Free
Multi-family Housing Program.

In September, Harbor Park Apartments, which received bond approval from the city
to rehabilitate and buy the former Sonoma Apartments, approved a similar tenant
services agreement.

Another financially big-ticket item before the council will be the potential
approval of some $2.7 million in contracts to conduct a three-year comprehensive
update to the city's General Plan. Areas of particular focus will include
integrating a newly-penned Sonoma Boulevard Corridor Design Plan and related
specific plan into the larger document, modernizing city zoning codes and adding
a Healthy Community element to the plan's major categories.

Also during the meeting, the council may approve the hiring of nine new
firefighter-paramedics, using a $3.2 million federal grant. The grant will
supplement the department's 71 firefighters, help keep open Station 25 on Mini
Drive, and allow a water-carrying fire engine to put back in action at the
downtown Station 21, as staffing allows.

The council is also scheduled to consider:

* Awarding a nearly $160,000 Springstowne Library/Fire Station 24 roof repair
contract to San Leandro-based State Roofing Systems, Inc.

* Modify the Vallejo Public Works Department budget to replace a engineer
technician with an associate (civil) engineer in the Water Division

* Reduce golf cart rental rates temporarily at the city-owned Blue Rocks Springs
Golf Course for those private cart owners affected by a storage shed fire last
month.

Contact staff writer Jessica A. York at (707) 553-6834 or
jyork@timesheraldonline.com Follow her on Twitter @JYVallejo.

If You Go

What: Vallejo City Council meeting

When: 7 p.m., Tuesday

Where: Vallejo City Council Chambers, 555 Santa Clara St.

At issue: Grant to hire nine new firefighters, downtown business tax district
reestablishment, General Plan update contracts, tax-exempt bond hearing

LOAD-DATE: April 7, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2013 The Times-Herald
                              All Rights Reserved


                             477 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The Calgary Herald (Alberta)

                            October 8, 2016 Saturday
                                 Early Edition

Residence a haven for homeless women

BYLINE: Josh Skapin, Calgary Herald

SECTION: NEW CONDOS; Pg. G3

LENGTH: 486 words


Morrison Homes has finished construction on a building that will help 24
homeless and vulnerable women in Calgary.

Providence House in Crescent Heights is the second new construction project to
open through the Resolve Campaign. The building is owned by the Calgary Homeless
Foundation, and 24 hour onsite tenant support will be provided through the YWCA
of Calgary.

"The project has been educational and a source of inspiration for our team,"
says Rob Kennedy, president of Morrison Homes Multi-Family Division.

Resolve has set out to raise $120 million to create affordable housing for 3,000
homeless and vulnerable Calgarians. It involves nine social service agencies and
has received funding through government, the business community and individual
donors.

Eleven builders have made a $15.4 million pledge and will be the construction
managers on a series of apartment buildings for the Calgary Homeless Foundation
through the Resolve Campaign. Along with Morrison, the builder group includes
Nuovo by Shane Homes, Albi Luxury by Brookfield Residential, Brookfield
Residential, Calbridge Homes, Cardel Lifestyles, Cedarglen Living, Homes by Avi,
Hopewell Residential, Jayman Built Group of Companies, and Streetside
Developments: A Qualico Company.

Earlier in 2016, Cedarglen Living opened the first building through Resolve.
Stepping Stone Manor is a 30-unit building in the city's Beltline district.

Providence House, which was funded by provincial grants, has 24 apartments that
will provide permanent supportive rental housing for vulnerable and homeless
women in Calgary. There are common rooms and shared dining and meeting rooms in
the building, as well. Residents are expected to start taking possession in
early October.

A year ago, Morrison staffmembers were asked to submit names for the company's
Resolve building. "It didn't take us long to settle on Providence House - a name
that

reflects the protective care the facility will provide to its residents,
physically, emotionally, spiritually and socially," Kennedy says. "The word
providence reflects optimism, empowerment, and self-reliance, that can be
achieved through the promise of a brighter future.

"That's karma, because it's so fitting that name would reach 24 women that will
call Providence House their home."

The builder also brought a barbecue as a housewarming gift for residents of the
new building.

YWCA Calgary's vice-president of programs and services Heather Morley calls
Providence House a "special place." Women's homelessness is often driven by
domestic abuse and early trauma, she says.

"With the opening of this new building, our amazing team of case managers and
program leads will be able to work closely with women, each living in their own
beautiful apartment, to offer support with goal setting, life skills and
emotional, physical and mental well-being," Morley says. !@COPYRIGHT=© 2016
Postmedia Network Inc. All rights reserved.

LOAD-DATE: October 8, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: GAVIN YOUNG; From left: Al Morrison, chairman, Morrison Homes;;  Irene
Morrison;;  Diana Krecsy, president and CEO, Calgary Homeless Foundation;;
Heather Morley, vice-president of programs and services, YWCA of Calgary;;  Alan
Norris, president and CEO, Brookfield Residential and chair of the Resolve
Campaign;;  and Rob Kennedy, president of Morrison Homes Multi-Family Division.;

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2016 Calgary Herald
                              All Rights Reserved


                             478 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Laurel Leader-Call (Mississippi)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            December 27, 2009 Sunday

Laurel families now 'living the dream'

BYLINE: Eloria Newell James, Laurel Leader-Call, Miss.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 937 words


Dec. 27--Owning a home has been a lifelong dream of several Laurel residents,
and thanks to the efforts of the City of Laurel's Housing Development employees
some of these dreams have become reality.

In March, Laurel Mayor Melvin Mack and Mary Edmonson with the City of Laurel's
Housing Development announced that the City of Laurel officially received a half
million dollar grant designed to assist local homebuyers.

Mack and Edmonson said the $500,000 Homebuyers Assistance Funds are being
handled by the Mississippi Development Authority and would assist local
residents in becoming homeowners.

During a recent reception, 20 people/families were recognized for achieving the
goal of home ownership.

Of those honored, 13 residents were recognized as being recipients of the HOME
Investment Partnership Program Grant. Also as a part of the event, four people
were recognized as being recipients of the U.S. Department of Agriculture Rural
Development Direct 502 Program and three people were recognized as being
recipients of the 100 percent U.S.D.A. Guaranteed Loan Program.

Officials also announced that there are still a few slots available for
residents to take part in the programs.

Nicole Ward, who moved to Lucas Street about three weeks ago, thanked everyone
for "helping to make (her moving) day possible."

Ward said moving into her own home was a milestone.

"I felt wonderful. I was so blessed," said Ward, who has two sons and is
expecting another child. "Ms. Mary guided me through the steps. I did what I had
to do to get it done and it all came true and I now have my own home."

Dorothy Burton of Airport Drive agreed.

Burton, who moved into her new home about six days before Thanksgiving, said it
was a joy to celebrate the holidays in her own house.

"We felt real good. I felt like a load had come off of me," she recalled. "It
took about six months to get it all done, but my dream finally came true."

Michelle Pruitt concurred.

"My moving day was Nov. 16th," she said. "It was a blessing to be able to move
here."

Annie Buckhaulter said she was able to move into her new home on 19th Avenue in
July.

"This is my first home, and me and my two children are enjoying it," Buckhaulter
said. "It's a blessing. I love it.

"I never thought I could afford it. It's a dream come true," she added. "Ms.
Edmonson walked me through it. She helped me with all of it. I worried her to
death, but it all paid off."

Lauren and Jamal Stewart said moving into their new home was a part of a blessed
year.

"We moved into our home in September and I was very joyous, excited, nervous and
thankful," Lauren Stewart said. "This has been a blessed year for us and I'm
just thankful."

Under the HOME Investment Partnerships Program, the Department of Housing and
Urban Development (HUD) allocated funds by formula among eligible state and
local governments to strengthen public-private partnerships to provide more
affordable housing.

Edmonson said participating jurisdictions can use HOME funds to carry out
housing strategies through homebuyer assistance, homeowner
rehabilitation/reconstruction, new construction/substantial rehabilitation of
multi-family rental housing, and tenant-based rental assistance.

"Homebuyer Assistant grants are made to units of local government _ in this case
the City of Laurel _ and to Community Housing Development Organizations to
provide assistance to credit worthy families in purchasing a home," Edmonson
explained. "The city is able to help homebuyers by providing down payment
assistance or buying down the mortgage to eliminate high monthly payments."

During this holiday season, city officials conducted a reception/recognition
program for those who have achieved their goal of homeownership.

Mack praised the local people for taking part in the housing grant programs and
congratulated them for becoming homeowners.

"We appreciate home owners," the mayor said. "It makes me happy to see you
happy."

Councilman Trey Chinn, who helped to host the reception, said home ownership is
important to individuals and communities.

"We do value home ownership in the City of Laurel," Chinn said. "It's the
Christmas season and what better way to celebrate it than to appreciate those
who are making an investment in the City of Laurel. ... Home ownership is the
true way to American wealth."

City officials commended Edmonson and her office for the work done to secure
this grant and to assist residents in achieving home ownership.

"To the new homeowners and those still waiting, I want you to know how proud and
honored I am to have played a part in making your dreams come true," Edmonson
said in a written statement. "Every step of the way, we are making them
together."

City officials also thanked the mortgage bankers and finance people, the
realtors, the inspectors and contractors for working with the city on these
projects.

Edmonson said her goal with the city's housing program is to meet a need.

"I want to make sure that everyone who has a need get all the opportunities
available to them," Edmonson said.

Anyone wanting more information about the grants or would like to apply for
assistant can go by the City of Laurel's Housing Office at 419 W. Oak Street or
call (601) 428-6020 or 428-6024.

To see more of the Laurel Leader-Call or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.leadercall.com. Copyright (c) 2009, Laurel Leader-Call, Miss.
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: December 28, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20091227-LH-Laurel-families-now-living-the-dream-1227

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: LH


                                 Copyright 2009


                             479 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     The Columbian (Vancouver, Washington)

                             August 4, 2015 Tuesday

City looks to protect low-income renters

BYLINE: Patty Hastings Columbian staff writer

SECTION: METRO; Pg. A1

LENGTH: 677 words



The Vancouver City Council discussed three possible policies to protect
low-income renters during a Monday workshop: prohibiting source-of-income
discrimination, giving tenants more notice of rent increases and giving them
more notice to vacate.

These were the first policies recommended by the Affordable Housing Task Force,
an advisory board formed in April. The 21-member task force includes Mayor Tim
Leavitt, Councilors Alishia Topper and Anne McEnerny-Ogle, representatives from
the Council for the Homeless and Vancouver Housing Authority, as well as rental
groups such as the Al Angelo Co. and the Clark County Rental Association.
Peggy Sheehan, the city's community development programs manager and the staff
member who oversees the task force, said that larger northwest cities such as
Portland and Seattle have some of these rental protections already in place.
When figuring out what might work for Vancouver, the task force looked at those
cities' ordinances and the studies they've done around affordable housing.
Late last year, tenants at Courtyard Village in Vancouver began getting
notifications that renovations would spur higher rents. Month by month, tenants
at the 150-unit complex were given the minimum legal notice - 20 days - to
reapply or get out. It was this issue that spurred the creation of the
Affordable Housing Task Force, Leavitt said.
"Courtyard Village shed a light on a greater problem," Topper said. She said
that low-income tenants are disproportionately burdened with finding housing in
a market where vacancies are low and rents are rising.
"We need to find a solution that doesn't break our landlords' backs, but that
will protect vulnerable renters in our community from being out on the streets
and living in their cars," Topper said.
Notice to vacate
The Affordable Housing Task Force differed on how many additional days tenants
should be given to vacate. Most members agreed, however, that the minimum
number of days that tenants give landlords should match.
The Courtyard Village problem also brought up the question of how many people
from a multi-family complex can be evicted at the same time, without straining
social service organizations, said McEnerny-Ogle.
"We haven't fleshed that out," she said. "There is a little more to this
conversation that we didn't have time to delve into."
The task force recommended prohibiting landlords from evicting a complex's
entire population at the same time.
"For me, my threshold is 60 days to vacate," Topper said, considering how long
it takes a family to find new housing, move and possibly enroll their children
in a different school.
She recommended adding the clause that landlords who own four or fewer housing
units (including a four-plex) would be exempt from the ordinance.
Notice of rent hike
Giving tenants more notice that their rent is increasing would give them more
time to find different housing or increase their income, according to the
Affordable Housing Task Force's recommendations.
"Don't landlords usually do this anyway?" said Councilor Bart Hansen.
People contacted him saying that many landlords already give 45-days notice,
but not all of them do. Some rental voucher programs require a 60-day notice.
Income discrimination
A policy that prohibits source-of-income discrimination would bar landlords
from refusing to rent to people based on their source of rental income. That
includes Social Security and Supplemental Security Income, retirement program
income, and housing vouchers such as Section 8.
The goal is to allow low-income renters to compete in the housing market.
Some of those on the task force recommended a voucher education program that
would let tenants and landlords know how vouchers work.
City staff will draft three ordinances to address these affordable housing
topics and send them to the City Council for consideration.
Patty Hastings: 360-735-4513; twitter.com/pattyhastings;
patty.hastings@columbian.com
What is affordable housing?
Affordable housing units are intended for households earning 60 percent or less
of the local median income.

LOAD-DATE: August 7, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2015 The Columbian Publishing Co.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             480 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                         Portland Press Herald (Maine)

                            August 2, 1999, Monday,

TIGHT HOUSING MARKET DEMANDS MORE SUPPLY;
 INCREASING FEDERAL RENT SUBSIDIES DOES NOT GET AT THE CAUSE OF THE PROBLEM.

SECTION: EDITORIAL, Pg. 6A

LENGTH: 344 words


The decision by the federal Department of Housing and Urban Development to
increase the rental subsidies it provides low-income people in the Portland
makes sense given what's been going in the market for apartments.

Rents have been going up, with Portland's apartment vacancy rate at around 2
percent. In response, HUD has increased its subsidies under the Section 8
housing program anywhere from $ 50 to $ 179 a month in most Portland
neighborhoods. That will make it easier for Section 8 clients to find a place to
live and stay within the program's limits.

The raised subsidy will not help solve the underlying problem, though, and may
even make it worse. By increasing what it will pay, HUD will likely drive up
prices a bit more. The real problem is a shortage of housing, not just in
Portland, but in all of southern Maine.

A report released earlier this year noting that Mainers have less disposable
income than residents of any other state has received a lot of attention,
especially its finding that Maine's relatively high tax burden has contributed
to the problem. That same report, however, stresses that the cost that's sucking
up Mainers' incomes disproportionately isn't taxes, but housing expenses.

Maine policy makers have to find ways to encourage the construction of more
housing. Notice we didn't say affordable housing. That's because housing is sold
and rented in markets. Any new construction will help take pressure off the
market, bringing supply more in line with demand and lowering prices across the
board.

The challenge for planners around the state is to encourage new housing without
encouraging suburban sprawl. One way is to change local zoning laws to allow for
construction of more multi-family homes, especially in village centers in towns
outside of central cities.

As state planners look to tackle sprawl, they should look to develop ways to
alleviate Maine's chronic housing shortage. To do one without the other will
only create more imbalance in the market, and more pressure on Mainers'
pocketbooks.

LOAD-DATE: August 3, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                 Copyright 1999 Blethen Maine Newspapers, Inc.


                             481 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                      The Vancouver Sun (British Columbia)

                             July 31, 2014 Thursday
                                 Final Edition

Renters still feeling the squeeze; Market reality: Vacancy rates low, ownership
costs high

BYLINE: Barbara Yaffe, Vancouver Sun

SECTION: BUSINESS; Barbara Yaffe; Pg. D2

LENGTH: 650 words


A spate of new, relatively affordable rentals in Vancouver is doing little to
ease the vacancy rate in one of Canada's meanest residential markets.

In its latest forecast, Canada Mortgage and Housing Corporation projected Metro
Vancouver's vacancy rate for purpose-built rental apartments will be 1.9 per
cent this year, tightening to 1.8 per cent next.

Only Calgary and Edmonton have tighter rental markets.

A healthy market has a vacancy rate between three and five per cent.

In Vancouver, rental availability is particularly crucial because ownership
costs are so wild.

The city recognizes this, moving earlier this month to create a Vancouver
Affordable Housing Agency, geared to increasing rental options for middle-income
families. Specifically, the agency will oversee provision of 2,500 "affordable"
rental units by 2021.

Back in 2012, Vancouver announced policies to incentivize new-rental
construction, awarding density bonuses and waiving development-related charges.
The city also sanctioned suites as tiny as 320 square feet.

City planners say, by 2021, 16,000 new rental units will be needed, of which
5,000 will come from purpose-built market rental units. A recent report to
council states the city is nearly 60 per cent there.

"With a growing population, limited increases in income and limited new
purposebuilt rental housing in recent decades," declared the policy, "the need
for suitable housing choices for low and moderateincome households has grown
dramatically."

Indeed, more than half of Vancouverites are renters - unusually high for
Canadian cities. They earn median incomes of $34,000, compared to homeowner
incomes of $66,000.

Yearly rent increases are limited to two per cent plus inflation. Average rent
in Vancouver is $1,047 to $1,067; $1,128 to $1,144 in older buildings. Condo
rental rates are higher.

Renters are so numerous because renting is much cheaper than buying. Vancouver
also sees a steady influx of newcomers who initially prefer renting.

Another factor: young wannabe buyers take longer than elsewhere to save a down
payment; many rent while saving.

While rental unit numbers lately have been increasing at a good clip across
Greater Vancouver, an expanding population means the market has remained tight.

The impact of the new units, says CMHC, "will likely be negligible."

Vancouver, providing nearly half of all rental units in the Lower Mainland, is
home to an estimated 110,000 units in purpose-built rental buildings. Another
51,224 condo suites - 26.3 per cent - are tenanted.

City Hall reports 63 new rental buildings are being developed and another 20 are
being considered, with city planners encouraging developers to build
family-friendly two-and three-bedroom units.

The new rentals may not significantly ease the region's vacancy rate but are
affecting the rental market.

According to The Goodman Report, a newsletter on multi-family investment
property, the new supply is leaving some units empty in the newer buildings.

That's because rents are lower in buildings constructed before 2000, which don't
offer the amenities of the newer buildings, like insuite laundry facilities.
Also, there's more competition out there from an increased number of condo
suites being let. The new competition is lowering prices for condo suite rentals
, says the report, pointing out the usual rent premium over traditional
apartment units - 32 per cent - has dropped to 23 per cent.

The latest issue of the Goodman report cites a need to replace Vancouver's
"aging, increasingly inefficient rental stock."

It says the average age of Vancouver's purposebuilt apartment buildings is 58,
nearing their 60-year lifespan; and 95 per cent are pre-1974.

The city's incentives for new rental development are "still not quite adequate,"
says realtor Mark Goodman, criticizing Vancouver's sevenyear-old policy of
effectively barring demolition of apartment buildings.

byaffe@vancouversun.com

LOAD-DATE: July 31, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Jason Payne, PNG Files; More than half of Vancouverites are renters,
but the vacancy rate is projected to tighten to 1.8 per cent next year.;

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Column

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2014 The Vancouver Sun
                              All Rights Reserved


                             482 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                           Valley Times (California)

                    October 19, 2000 Thursday FINAL EDITION

CITY HOUSING ORDINANCE HELPS LOW-INCOME FAMILIES;
THE RULE REQUIRES DEVELOPERS TO RESERVE UNITS FOR AFFORDABLE HOUSING OR PAY A
FEE OF $2,888 PER UNIT

BYLINE: Melissa Moy

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A03

LENGTH: 464 words

DATELINE: PLEASANTON


PLEASANTON Low-income families will get a boost in finding homes in the city's
pricey housing market.

On Tuesday, the City Council unanimously approved an "inclusionary housing
ordinance" that will reserve houses for very-low to moderate-income families.
The ordinance requires developers to set aside units for low-income families, or
pay a fee per unit. That fee is currently $2,888 per unit. Those fees go into
the city's housing fund for various programs, including those that help
subsidize rents.

In developments larger than 15 units, at least 15 percent must be reserved in
multi-family projects such as apartment complexes, and at least 20 percent in
single-family house projects.

The council, acting on a request from planning and housing commissioners, also
ordered a $25,000 study to review a possible increase of the lower-income fee.
The study would help determine a new formula based on the gap between the cost
of affordable housing and market housing. Pleasanton has had the fee since the
late 1970s, and an independent consultant has not reviewed the fee since 1989.

Planning commissioners had also asked the council to amend the new ordinance to
apply to projects of any size. Without that change, the commissioners said,
developers might opt to build only projects of 14 units or smaller.

One resident objected to the ordinance and said government intervention would
increase rental and housing prices. The ordinance is inefficient and poorly
planned, Peter MacDonald said. Developers will pass the costs of affordable
units onto market-rate units.

"It will push the dream of ever owning a home ever further," said MacDonald, who
submitted his own 12-page report to the city.

City leaders defended the ordinance. Mayor Ben Tarver said the "unadulterated
greed" of developers and apartment owners has driven up prices and forced the
city to take action.

"There's not that much land left in Pleasanton," Housing Commissioner Larry
Levin said. "If we're going to provide affordable housing for children, it's
now. Time has run out."

Housing commissioner Betty Levin warned that apartment owners would continue
"bailing on affordable units" now that their agreements are up. She also said
that if large businesses cannot attract workers who cannot afford to live in
Pleasanton the businesses will go elsewhere, and all residents will suffer.

Future projects under the ordinance, including the Bernal property, will help
because affordable units must remain affordable, city leaders said.

The League of Women Voters also added its support to the ordinance, and asked
city leaders to continue seeking state and federal assistance for housing
programs.

Melissa Moy covers Pleasanton. Reach her at 925-847-2122 or mmoy@cctimes.com.

LOAD-DATE: February 5, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 2000 Contra Costa Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                             483 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Brattleboro Reformer (Vermont)

                            October 1, 2011 Saturday

FEMA extends application deadline for disaster assistance

BYLINE: By BOB AUDETTE / Reformer Staff

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 1769 words


Saturday October 1, 2011

BRATTLEBORO -- The deadline has been extended for public assistance disaster
fund applications. Cities and towns in Vermont have an extra 16 days to apply
for federal disaster assistance to help repair damage caused by Tropical Storm
Irene.

The new deadline for communities to apply is now Oct. 17. The deadline for
individuals to apply for individual assistance is Oct. 31.

However, Federal Emergency Management Agency centers are now closed on Sundays.
Locally, FEMA is open at Living Memorial Park in Brattleboro and at the Town
Hall in Dover, Monday through Saturday, 8 a.m. to 6 p.m.

It is not necessary for Vermonters affected by Tropical Storm Irene to visit a
center in order to receive disaster assistance. In fact, people with
storm-related losses are encouraged to register with FEMA before visiting a
center by calling 800-621-FEMA (3362), or visiting DisasterAssistance.gov .

Wilmington Town Clerk's Office update

The Wilmington Town Clerk's office is now at full operational status and can be
found at the former Rite Aid space next to Shaw's Supermarket on Route 9 East,
about one half-mile east of the former Town Hall.

For more information, call 802-464-5836 or e-mail wilmclrk@sover.net or
wilmatc@sover.net .

The Town Clerk's Office extended its thanks to the many volunteers who helped it
throughout its emergency and relocation.

ANR to shift focus

The Vermont Agency of Natural Resources announced that staff will begin the
shift from an exclusive focus on emergency response to working with
municipalities, businesses and homeowners to maximize the long- term
effectiveness of our state's flood recovery work.

"The first phase of the disaster response primarily involved emergency river
work that would enable Vermonters to get back to their homes and businesses,"
said Vermont Agency of Natural Resources Secretary Deb Markowitz. "The work of
opening up travel routes remains critical to public health and safety and our
economy, so we are still involved in emergency efforts to allow these repairs,
but now is the time to prepare for the floods that will come with melting snow
and spring rains."

Although ANR has expedited road repairs and river work, noted Markowitz, it is
important to remember that the environmental protections that protect the
state's streams are not suspended during flood recovery.

"With permission from our River Management Engineers, emergency and recovery
in-stream work will proceed, and we will continue to do everything in our power
to expedite the process," she said.

The Department of Environmental Conservation's Rivers Program will assist
landowners, municipalities, and other agencies as they conduct emergency and
long-term recovery work. DEC staff will ensure that rebuilding occurs in the
best possible way in order to minimize loss in the next flood.

At the discretion of the DEC River Management Engineer, three levels of
authorization to conduct stream alterations will be used:

-- Expedited assistance and approvals. DEC Rivers Program staff will use its
emergency authorities, general permit process and expedited written and verbal
approvals to address emergency situations that still exist as a result of the
flood (i.e., necessary to avoid imminent danger to private and public property).

-- Documented guidance and approvals. DEC Rivers Program will use its emergency
authorities and general permit processes to expedite written approvals or
signoffs of stream alterations, related to the flood, but not deemed to be an
emergency. The Rivers Program will not authorize this category of work using
purely verbal approvals. These signoffs will also serve the purpose of
documenting the compliance with state laws necessary to secure state and federal
grants and reimbursement for flood recovery work.

-- Stream Alteration Permits. DEC Rivers Program will use its stream alteration
general permit and individual permit authority to issue written permits for
activities unrelated to the current flood disaster recovery effort, not
including those activities that may already proceed as non-reporting activities
under the State Stream Alteration General Permit (
http://www.anr.state.vt.us/dec/waterq/rivers.htm ). Emergency authorities will
not be applied in these circumstances and verbal approvals will not be provided.

Some practices can contribute to damage caused by flood erosion and inundation
and permits will be required from the DEC Rivers Program or municipality prior
to the use of these techniques. They include berming, excavating and
rechanneling streams, creating new straightened river channels and
reconstructing streambanks and/or roadway embankments.

Academy School Garden benefits l
ocal farm flood relief

Orly Hasbani's third-grade class came up with the generous idea to have a
mini-farmers market to raise money to help community farmers affected by
hurricane Irene's flooding. This idea came to fruition at Welcome Back Night on
Sept. 20 through the joint efforts of students and teachers and a bounty of
produce from the school garden. From the charitable donations of all at the
event $116.60 was raised for the Vermont Community Foundation's Farm Disaster
Relief Fund.

At the farm stand, students sold green and purple and yellow beans, carrot
muffins, peppers, acorn squash, broccoli, chard, tomatoes, celery and flowers.

Housing task force

Governor Peter Shumlin has activated an Irene Housing Task Force to work with
FEMA to develop a short- and long-term housing recovery plan. The group is
charged with first identifying everyone who needs housing, and matching them
with available rental housing, or other long-term solutions. The goal is to find
everyone in need a safe, warm place to live this winter and until each can find
new permanent housing or repair a damaged home.

In order to reach this goal, The Irene Housing Task Force urges anyone displaced
from their home and needing help finding housing now, or may in the weeks and
months to come, to register with FEMA. The number is 1-800-621-3362 (1-800-FEMA)
or visit www.disasterassistance.gov .

The Irene Housing Task Force is working with FEMA on identifying every available
unit in the state.

All individuals affected by the storm should take the time to register, even if
they are unsure that they qualify, for grant or loan assistance. Registering
with FEMA will also allow Vermonters to access possible resources in the event
that their living situation changes at any time before they find permanent
housing.

The Housing Task Force is working to keep families within or close to their
communities to help maintain as much normalcy as possible. Making sure children
are able to stay in their school and keeping people close to their place of work
are top priorities.

The IHTF is asking everyone who has rental housing available to contact FEMA at
866-330-5286 so they and FEMA can match people with available units. FEMA also
has a Rental Rehabilitation program that provides funding for owners of
multi-family properties that are interested in making rentals available to
individuals displaced by Tropical Storm Irene. If you have such a property,
contact FEMA at Christian.Oakes@dhs.gov . Information can also be faxed to
540-686-4467.

Sonnax employees donate to relief fund

In the aftermath of Hurricane Irene, employees of Sonnax Industries of Bellows
Falls were looking for ways to help. Like many others in Vermont and New
Hampshire, they had been directly affected by this tragedy or had friends and
neighbors who were.

Sonnax CEO Tommy Harmon issued the following challenge to employees: Donate
money for the Red Cross of Vermont and New Hampshire and the Vermont Food Bank,
and the company would match employees' contributions, dollar for dollar, up to
$5,000. In addition, Harmon and Sonnax board member Rick Fritz personally vowed
to match contributions, creating $4 of disaster relief for every dollar pledged
by Sonnax employees.

In addition to the need for monetary donations, helping hands were sought to
help victims dig out from the devastation. To encourage employees to volunteer
for this effort, Sonnax agreed to pay them for up to eight hours of time spent
volunteering in the disaster relief effort during their regular work hours.

As has become the tradition when Sonnax campaigns to raise money for charitable
causes, Maintenance Technician Steve Cheeney prepared one of his famous
spaghetti lunches. Cheeney grows the vegetables and does the cooking for these
spaghetti fundraisers, and Sonnax employees once again gladly lined up to donate
and enjoy the treat, raising a record $778 in just a few short hours.

The final tally? Sonnax employees raised $5,093. With the matching pledges from
Harmon and Fritz, plus the company contribution, a total of $20,093 was donated
to the Red Cross of Vermont and New Hampshire and the Vermont Food Bank.

'Bare it all' flood relief

Abbot's Glen, a clothing optional inn and campground in Halifax, is hosting a
"Bare it all" benefit on Saturday, Oct. 1, starting at 6 p.m. with a potluck
supper. Music by the Reprobates follows dinner from 7 to 10 p.m. The cost is $30
per person or per couple. Admission for those bringing a potluck contribution is
$25. Guests may arrive after noon on Saturday, but reservations are required.
Call 802-368-2525.

Help for women farmers

The Vermont Farm Women's Fund is awarding grants of up to $750 to help women
farmers whose agricultural enterprises were affected by Tropical Storm Irene or
the severe storms in May.

Applications are due Nov. 8 and can be found at www.uvm.edu/ ~vfwf. Or e-mail
vfwf@uvm.edu or call Lindsay Jones at (802) 751-8310, ext. 357.

Flood funds may be requested only for needs and services not covered by grants
and loans from the Federal Emergency Management Agency, the U.S. Department of
Agriculture Farm Services Agency, U.S. Small Business Administration, the
Vermont Farm Viability Enhancement Program, Vermont Economic Development
Authority and other state and national agencies and organizations.

VFWF funds may be used for, although are not limited to, business planning,
legal and marketing services, costs associated with hiring replacement labor,
technical assistance for facility redesign and similar expenses. In addition,
funds may be used to modify or create a business plan based on the effects of
the flooding or a farm emergency plan to protect against future natural
disasters.

The money may not go towards capital improvements at the farm or business,
building projects, to pay off debts or for purchase of farm equipment, seeds or
livestock.

Bob Audette can be reached at raudette@reformer.com , or at 802-254-2311, ext.
160.

LOAD-DATE: October 1, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


   Copyright 2011 MediaNews Group, Inc. and New England Newspaper Group Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             484 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                The Citizens' Voice (Wilkes-Barre, Pennsylvania)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            August 21, 2014 Thursday

W-B housing development a step closer to reality

BYLINE: Bill Wellock, The Citizens' Voice, Wilkes-Barre, Pa.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 887 words


Aug. 21--WILKES-BARRE -- A potential housing development moved closer to reality
at Wednesday's zoning hearing board meeting.

The board unanimously approved variances Housing Development Corporation
MidAtlantic needed for a project in the Rolling Mill Hill neighborhood.

The company plans to build 56 units of rental housing at the site, which would
be open to anyone who qualifies according to income limits. The plan also
includes two homes that would face Grove Street, which HDC would sell and would
not manage.

About a dozen neighborhood residents argued against the project at the meeting.
Afterward, HDC executives wouldn't respond to the criticism. A spokeswoman
provided a written statement before the meeting: "HDC MidAtlantic was pleased to
present our concept for 56 units of new sustainable, quality affordable housing
that will serve hard-working Wilkes-Barre families, seniors and individuals with
disabilities. We appreciate the cooperation of the Wilkes-Barre Zoning Hearing
Board to address our requested variances and believe our proposal will restore a
blighted block into a neighborhood asset."

Rental units are general occupancy. Residents must meet income minimums and
maximums to move in.

Six of the apartments would have an income ceiling of 20 percent of the county's
average; 23 apartments would have a ceiling of 50 percent of that average and
the rest would have a 60 percent ceiling.

The rent for each apartment would be no more than 30 percent of a resident's
income.

Some parcels are now vacant lots. The former First Hospital still stands on Dana
Street, but the Wyoming Valley Health and Education Foundation plans to demolish
it this year. In its place would be three-story homes, with a one-story
apartment on the bottom level and two-story townhouses above.

HDC was looking for several variances. For its multi-family housing, those
included waivers for front and back yard setbacks and a waiver to reduce minimum
lot area from 5,000 square feet to 3,185 or 1,650 square feet, depending on the
unit. The buildings would be 38 feet tall, three feet higher than regulations
currently allow in the area. Single-family zoning would make way for
multi-family units.

Bruce Weinsteiger, a partner at Architectural Concepts, which is working with
HDC, said a traditional neighborhood surrounds the site and the architecture
would fit with the style of the area. Some homes in the area already have
setbacks that are tighter than the variances ask for, he said.

"The variances we're requesting, it will put us in line with the neighborhood,"
he said.

Bonnie Harris, a McCarragher Street resident, was the first in line to address
the zoning board when the floor opened to the audience. Her questions about
parking and traffic were later echoed by other residents.

Parking issues were part of the refrain at an Aug. 11 meeting for the project at
the Genetti Best Western Hotel and Conference Center. Company officials said
they would look for options. The parking plan they presented Wednesday appeared
unchanged from that presentation.

HDC officials said they planned to include 86 parking spaces in the project, a
little more than 1.5 spaces per housing unit. They said that is on the upper end
of the range they include in urban projects. Other residents worried where plows
would push snow after winter storms or the traffic the site would bring.

When complaints wound down, the board voted to a chorus of residents upset with
the decision.

James Druby said the higher density zoning should have been enough to convince
the board to vote against the project. He bought his Moyallen Street home in
2008.

"Now that it's changed, I'll have to make a decision about whether I stay in the
neighborhood or find a way out," he said. Asked if he would wait to see if the
changes were more positive than he expected, he waxed metaphorically.

"It's like when layoffs are coming at your company. I don't want to be the last
one out, I want to be the first one out," he said.

Company officials have tried to assuages fears about the plan.

Ed Kaminski, director of business development, said the site would have cameras
and lighting. It would likely include a gated parking area. The company's
financing with the Pennsylvania Housing Finance Agency requires HDC to own the
property for at least 30 years. Residents must submit to a series of background
checks.

HDC must now submit a land development plan to the city's planning commission.
Officials said they don't know when that will be complete.

Section 8

The term "Section 8" didn't come up at Wednesday's meeting, but it has been on
the minds of The Citizens' Voice Internet commenters and in calls to the
newspaper.

HDC MidAtlantic does not plan to apply for funding from the Department of
Housing and Urban Development, including "project-based" Section 8 funding,
according to company officials. Project-based funding subsidizes rent at certain
properties that HUD approves for the program.

Housing choice vouchers are another part of HUD's Section 8 program. Those
vouchers help residents pay rent.

A participant can choose any housing that meets program requirements.

bwellock@citizensvoice.com

570-821-2051, @CVBillW

___ (c)2014 The Citizens' Voice (Wilkes-Barre, Pa.) Visit The Citizens' Voice
(Wilkes-Barre, Pa.) at citizensvoice.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: August 21, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20140821-YC-W-B-housing
-development-a-step-closer-to-reality-0821-20140821

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: YC


                       Copyright 2014 The Citizens' Voice


                             485 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                    Prince George Citizen (British Columbia)

                            December 4, 2015 Friday
                                 Final Edition

Ron Brent park could be cut in half

BYLINE: Charelle Evelyn Citizen Staff, The Citizen

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A4

LENGTH: 361 words


A Prince George neighbourhood might lose about half of its park, but could end
up with a spruced up - though smaller - space.

On Thursday night, city staff briefed neighbours of Ron Brent park on a
potential multi-family development coming to the area, behind Gateway Lodge.
According to planning and development general manager Ian Wells, the city has
entered into a contract to pursue the sale of 1.86 hectares of land, conditional
on a successful approval and rezoning by city council, to Kamloops-based
developer AT Ventures.

About 0.7 hectares would have to be rezoned from park to multiple residential to
add on to the property that was already rezoned about seven years ago as part of
the Gateway project.

The proposed project consists of 173 units - a mixture of market rental,
affordable rental and condominiums for purchase, said Wells.

A similar project in Kamloops by the same developer, RiverBend Seniors
Community, was completed in 2011. It was a $33 million project that consists of
a four-storey building with 66 social housing units and 99 private, marketvalue
suites.

Thursday's meeting at Ron Brent elementary school was two-pronged: telling
neighbours about the proposal as well as collecting feedback on how the park is
currently used and what improvements they'd like to see.

"We've been directed, and we put policy in place, that any parkland sale goes
either to the acquisition of parks or the enhancement of existing parks," said
Wells.

Comments from some of the roughly two-dozen residents in attendance ranged from
support for having potential park improvements, to not knowing Ron Brent park
was a public park as opposed to only a school yard, to being adamantly opposed
to losing any green space. The meeting with the neighbourhood was the first
step, said Wells. If the project passes first and second reading at council,
there will be a public meeting regarding the official community plan change and
a public hearing for the rezoning before it gets third reading and final
approval.

"When it's city land, we take it to a higher standard, so we go to the
neighbourhood before we proceed with rezoning just to gather their comments,"
said Wells.

LOAD-DATE: December 4, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: / HANDOUT IMAGE A city of Prince George map showing the layout for the
proposed redevelopment of Ron Brent park.;

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2015 Prince George Citizen
                              All Rights Reserved


                             486 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            September 9, 2016 Friday

California: League-Sponsored Bond Agency Issues $24.85 Million in Tax-Exempt
Bonds for Affordable Housing in Irvine

LENGTH: 434  words

DATELINE: New York



 Sacramento: League of California Cities, The State of California has issued the
followin news release:



   Some of the most significant benefits of League membership for cities since
1988 have flowed from the League's co-sponsorship of the California Statewide
Communities Development Authority (CSCDA).





 This program provides a variety of public agencies and developers access to
low-cost, tax-exempt financing and economic development tools. CSCDA recently
issued $24,854,128 in tax-exempt multi-family affordable housing bonds for
Luxaira in Irvine.



 About Luxaira



 The vision for Luxaira began in 1996 with the closure of the Marine Corps Air
Station El Toro. The project is a 157-unit affordable housing community for
low-income seniors located on 4.88 acres at Great Park Neighborhoods located in
the city of Irvine by Related California (Related) and Riverside Charitable
Corporation (RCC). The benefits of the project for the city of Irvine and Orange
County include the following:



     100 percent of the affordable rental housing units will be rent restricted
for low-income senior tenants;

     The building will bring new economic vibrancy to the project site;

     A positive impact to restaurants and retail in the area; and

     The project consists of 12 studios, 124 one-bedroom units, 20 two-bedroom
units and 1 manager's unit.



 CSCDA, Related, and RCC partnered with MUFG Union Bank, N.A. to provide $24.85
million in tax-exempt multi-family affordable housing bonds for the project.
Although the financing for the project requires the affordability of units for
low-income seniors to be maintained for 55 years, the Regulatory Agreement with
the city of Irvine requires the project to maintain the affordability of units
in perpetuity.



 Background



 CSCDA is a joint powers authority created in 1988 and is sponsored by the
League of California Cities® and the California State Association of Counties.
It was created by cities and counties for cities and counties. More than 500
cities, counties and special districts are program participants in CSCDA, which
serves as their conduit issuer and provides access to efficiently finance
locally-approved projects. CSCDA has issued more than $50 billion in tax exempt
bonds for projects that provide a public benefit by creating jobs, affordable
housing, healthcare, infrastructure, schools and other fundamental services.
Visit CSCDA's website for additional information on the ways in which CSCDA can
help your city.







 In case of any query regarding this article or other content please contact:
editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: September 10, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             487 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       San Jose Mercury News (California)

                             July 16, 2015 Thursday

Fremont City Council to consider massive Warm Springs development

BYLINE: By Fremont Bulletin Staff

SECTION: COMMUNITIES; News

LENGTH: 166 words


At the Tuesday, July 21 Fremont City Council meeting, approval of a master plan
from developer Toll Brothers Inc. for up to 1,000 multi-family residential
units, 5,000 square feet of commercial development and 2 acres of parkland on 34
acres in Warm Springs is on the agenda.

The property is bounded by Interstate 680, Grimmer Boulevard and Warm Springs
Boulevard, and located within Planning Area 9 of the Warm Springs/South Fremont
Community Plan. If approved, the master plan would serve as a guide for future
development on the project site by establishing the land use mix, intensity of
development, construction phasing, and public improvements for the site,
according to city staff.

Proposed in conjunction with the master plan, an affordable housing plan calls
for the construction of 132 on-site affordable rental housing units to satisfy
requirements of the city's affordable housing ordinance.

The meeting is scheduled for 7 p.m. in Fremont City Hall's Council Chambers,
3300 Capitol Ave.

LOAD-DATE: July 17, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2015 San Jose Mercury News
                              All Rights Reserved


                             488 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       Florida Times-Union (Jacksonville)

                           September 10, 2013 Tuesday

LISC offers clear evidence of success

SECTION: Pg. A-8

LENGTH: 553 words


LISC, by its very nature, does not have an easy story to tell.

That was apparent last week as some members of the City Council's Finance
Committee struggled to justify taxpayer contributions to the organization.

They had legitimate questions about the impact of LISC, short for Local
Initiatives Support Corp.

The national organization makes a difference by enabling others to succeed.

Its purpose, to quote its website, "is to help other nonprofits be successful in
their efforts to build communities."

It provides staff through AmeriCorps members, arranges for grants, such as from
the NFL Grassroots program. A new program, Preservation Advisors, helps
refinance and revitalize affordable multi-family rental housing.

SUCCESSES OVERLOOKED

Its best work takes place in needy neighborhoods that are often ignored or
bypassed. Right in the core city there are new homes.

LISC helps organize strategic developments, such as the EPIC Communities project
that is revitalizing two such neighborhoods - Springfield and the Eastside.

Getting started is the difficult part because it takes years for LISC to build
local organizations to the point they make a difference.

But that has already happened in Jacksonville. The evidence is here. The city's
contribution is needed simply as a matter of demonstrating local support. LISC
takes those dollars and multiplies them.

For instance, LISC has brought $148 million into neighborhoods that many
traditional financial institutions will avoid. Some of the new capital is
creative, such as New Market Tax Credits, which were used to help pay for the
construction of the KIPP school.

Low Income Housing Tax Credits are paying for the purchase and renovation of
Oakland Terrace Apartments by Ability Housing.

These tax credit programs involve public-private partnerships. LISC helps make
sure that they work.

By helping to build community development corporations, LISC has played a major
role in the construction of 269 new single-family homes. Meanwhile, 227 drug
houses have been demolished and 3,157 jobs created.

In addition, LISC has helped support the creation of more than 1,250 affordable
rental apartments.

By earning the support of the Jacksonville Jaguars and the NFL, LISC has
renovated eight football and recreation fields for children.

BUSINESS IMPACTS, TOO

But it's more than housing. LISC has supported the development of about 230,000
square feet of commercial space in Northwest Jacksonville, including the first
new commercial development in the Moncrief-Myrtle area in decades.

Many of these developments are supported and enabled by LISC.

Local people are running them.

LISC is simply the angel in the background.

COUNCIL SHOULD GET INFORMED

It's a shame that this angel is not apparent to many on the City Council,
because Jacksonville's LISC program is one of the best in the nation.

City Council members apparently need more information. How about taking a tour
of the LISC developments to see for themselves?

Many will be surprised, encouraged and convinced that contributions to LISC are
good for the city and the taxpayers.

There is nothing like it in this area. It needs support and expansion.

LISC has an outstanding story to tell.

We know about failures in urban development.

LISC has been building an impressive record of success. The evidence is here.
Success deserves support.

LOAD-DATE: September 11, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo
Bob.Self@jacksonville.com LISC IN BACKGROUND. Operation New Hope showed off
affordable housing during a ceremony on Phelps Street. These eight new homes
were part of a project that were enabled by LISC. The Times-Union NOT THE
SUBURBS. In 2006, new homes were being constructed by the Northwest Jacksonville
Community Development Corp. with major support of LISC.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2013 The Florida Times-Union


                             489 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             March 3, 2015 Tuesday

Massachusetts: Developers Add 35 Affordable Housing Units, Redevelop 533
Affordable Units in Boston with $95.5 Million in MassDevelopment Bonds

LENGTH: 1242  words

DATELINE: Boston


Mass Development Bond, The State of Massachusetts has issued the following news
release:

MassDevelopment has issued tax-exempt bonds totaling $95,542,000 to six
affordable housing development projects in Boston. The bonds were issued on
behalf of UW4 Limited Partnership, Trinity Northampton Phase Two Limited
Partnership, Mandela Preservation LLC, Madison Botolph II Limited Partnership,
Caritas Project Place Cortes LLC, and Walnut Washington Apartments LLC. In
total, the six projects will add 35 affordable units and preserve 533 existing
affordable units in Boston's housing supply.

In addition to the tax-exempt bonds, MassDevelopment assisted the Department of
Housing and Community Development with the approval of federal low-income
housing tax credits totaling $53,000,000 in equity for the projects.

"The development and preservation of 568 affordable housing units will help
maintain and expand supply in Boston's housing market," said MassDevelopment
President and CEO Marty Jones. "MassDevelopment is thrilled to work with local
developers to offer a range of affordable housing options to Bostonians."

Plans for each company include:

UW4 Limited Partnership - Dorchester (sponsored by VietAID)

Use $7,700,000 in bond proceeds to construct a 35-unit affordable multi-family
rental housing development in Four Corners, Dorchester, that offers community
space, outdoor sitting, and play areas.
    All 35 units will be rented to households earning no more than 60% of the
area median income; 9 units will be set aside for homeless families.
    Federal low income housing tax credits provided approximately $5.4 million
in equity for the project.

"MassDevelopment provided $7,700,000 of construction and permanent financing,
without which construction of these 35 affordable apartments in the Four Corners
neighborhood of Dorchester would not have been possible," said Aspasia Xypolia
of VietAID, which sponsored UW4 Limited Partnership. "The knowledge and
experience of MassDevelopment's team made an invaluable contribution to the
Upper Washington development."

Trinity Northampton Phase Two Limited Partnership - South End (sponsored by
Trinity Financial)

Use $18,000,000 in bond proceeds to acquire and renovate Harrison Tower, a
102-unit, 12-story rental housing facility in the South End.
    All 102 units will be affordable to households earning no more than 60% and
70% of the area median income; seven units will be retrofitted to be fully
handicapped-accessible; and 13 units will be available to clients from the
Boston Public Health Commission's Homeless Bureau.
    Federal low income housing tax credits provided approximately $11 million in
equity for the project.

"Citizens and MassDevelopment recognize the crucial need for affordable housing
in Greater Boston," said Eva Erlich, Senior Project Manager for sponsor Trinity
Financial, Inc. "Both organizations have been great partners and have provided
critical financing for the Harrison Tower development, which will allow dozens
of Massachusetts families to live in safe, attractive, and affordable housing."
Citizens Bank purchased the tax-exempt bond from MassDevelopment for this
project.

Mandela Preservation LLC - South End (sponsored by Beacon Communities)

Use $40,000,000 in bond proceeds to acquire and renovate Mandela Homes, a
276-unit apartment community in the South End that features a computer learning
center and conference space.
    All 276 apartments are affordable.
    Federal low income housing tax credits provided approximately $20 million in
equity for the project.

"Beacon and the Mandela Homes residents' association have worked in partnership
for many years to build a healthy and safe community at Mandela Homes," said
Darcy L. Jameson, Development Director of Beacon Communities, LLC, which
sponsored Mandela Homes. "The recent financial restructuring will enable us to
undertake substantial capital improvements, improve energy efficiency, provide
additional resident services, and maintain affordability for the long-term. We
love being part of one of Boston's most vibrant neighborhoods."

Madison Botolph II Limited Partnership - Back Bay (sponsored by Madison Park
Development Corporation)

Use $14,500,000 in bond proceeds to acquire and renovate St. Botolph Terrace, a
52-unit multi-family rental housing complex in Back Bay.
    50 units will be rented to households earning no more than 60% of the area
median income.
    Federal low income housing tax credits provided approximately $6.9 million
in equity for the project.

"This successful bond financing will ensure that we can make important capital
improvements to the building while maintaining long-term affordability for the
families who call St. Botolph Terrace Apartments their home," said Russell
Tanner of Madison Park Development Corporation, which sponsored Madison Botolph
II Limited Partnership. "We are very pleased by the strong support from our
financial partners on this project, including MassDevelopment as well as Eastern
Bank, Red Stone Equity, and Citizens Bank."

Caritas Project Place Cortes LLC - Bay Village Historic District (sponsored by
Caritas Communities)

Use $5,250,000 in bond proceeds to acquire and renovate a licensed lodging house
located on Cortes Street, converting it into a 40-unit affordable housing
development plus a unit for the building manager.
    All of the newly reconfigured rental units will be rented to households
earning no more than 50% of the area median income.
    Federal low income housing tax credits provided approximately $3.6 million
in equity for the project.

"We have worked with MassDevelopment on this and other two previous tax exempt
bond issues," said Mark Winkeller, executive director of Caritas Communities,
which sponsored Caritas Project Place Cortes LLC. "We find MassDevelopment to be
extraordinarily helpful and a vital participant in providing capital to our
affordable housing efforts."

Walnut Washington Apartments LLC - Roxbury and Jamaica Plain (sponsored by Urban
Edge)

Use $10,092,000 in bond proceeds to acquire, renovate, and preserve Walnut
Washington Apartments, a 65-unit multi-family rental housing facility located in
Roxbury and Jamaica Plain.
    All 65 units will be affordable.
    Federal low income housing tax credits provided approximately $6.1 million
in equity for the project.

"MassDevelopment has been a strong partner with Urban Edge in rehabilitating our
affordable housing portfolio as well as the construction of new projects," said
Jeremy Wilkening of Urban Edge, which sponsored Walnut Washington Apartments
LLC. "For Walnut Washington Apartments, bonds issued by MassDevelopment are
being used to upgrade the property including improving energy efficiency and
improving life safety systems, such as adding fire sprinklers. Urban Edge looks
forward to continuing working with MassDevelopment on future projects."

MassDevelopment, the state's finance and development agency, works with
businesses, nonprofits, financial institutions, and communities to stimulate
economic growth across the Commonwealth. During FY2014, MassDevelopment financed
or managed 314 projects generating investment of more than $2.9 billion in the
Massachusetts economy. These projects are projected to create more than 6,300
jobs and build or rehabilitate more than 1,600 residential units.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: March 4, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             490 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     The Columbian (Vancouver, Washington)

                            January 5, 2016 Tuesday

Projects apply for city tax exemptions

BYLINE: Amy M.E. Fischer Columbian staff writer

SECTION: POLITICS LOCAL; Pg. C1

LENGTH: 686 words



Three proposed downtown Vancouver apartment projects have applied for eight-
and 12-year property tax exemptions under a city program aimed at spurring
housing development near work, shopping, entertainment and bus service.
At a time when rental housing is in critically short supply and rising rents
have squeezed many people out of their homes, the projects will add another 132
units to the market, some of which will be affordable housing.

"We've had a lot of interest in multi-family projects in our community, and
part of the reason is our vacancy rates are still below 2 percent," said Peggy
Sheehan, the city's program manager for Community and Economic Development.
Here are the proposed projects:
n WDC Construction's three-story, 19,000-square foot apartment building at
Broadway and 19th Street will cost an estimated $3.2 million. Proposed rents
for the 36 units range from $850 for a studio to $1,200 for a live/work
two-bedroom unit, which has both an office and a living space. Because 20
percent of the units will be affordable housing, the project qualifies for a
12-year tax exemption.
n WDC Construction's 32,500-square-foot apartment building at 500 E. 15th St.
will cost an estimated $4.2 million. Proposed rents for the 48 units range from
$800 for a live/work one-bedroom to $1,275 for a two-bedroom unit. The project
qualifies for a 12-year tax exemption.
n Prestige Development's five-story, 84,788-square-foot building, called "Our
Heroes Place," at 409 E. Mill Plain Blvd. and 412 E. 13th St., will cost an
estimated $11.6 million. Proposed rents for the 48 units range from $1,000 for
a studio to $1,650 for a one-bedroom unit. Proposed sales prices range from
$200,000-plus for a one-bedroom condominium to $1.1 million for a penthouse.
The building will contain 3,448 square feet of commercial space. Because the
project does not include affordable housing, it qualifies for an eight-year tax
exemption rather than 12 years.
To be eligible for a 12-year exemption, 20 percent of the development's units
must be affordable housing. The affordable housing must be rented or sold to
people who earn less than 115 percent of the area's median income. That figure
would amount to $59,225 annually for a single person or $84,525 for a family of
four.
The eight-year exemption doesn't require affordable housing.
Both tax exemptions are available only for developments in the downtown and
Fourth Plain corridor areas. The program requires construction to be finished
within three years of tax exemption approval. The land's value is taxed as
usual, as well as any other new construction associated with the project, and
the development generates utility taxes and sales tax from construction.
Since the city implemented the Multi-Family Tax Exemption Program in 1997, 11
developments have been built or approved under the program, bulking up the
housing stock by more than 1,100 units. Including the three new apartment
buildings, four of the 14 total projects offer at least 20 percent of their
units to low-to-moderate income tenants.
Tax exemptions on some of the projects, such as Heritage Place, Vancouvercenter
and Uptown Village, have recently expired, and now they are paying full
property taxes. Prestige Plaza and the 15 West Apartment project (under
construction) received 12-year exemptions.
Monday, city councilors noted that many of the projects wouldn't have been
built at all without the tax credit. "It doesn't pencil out at the front, or
they wouldn't be doing this," Councilor Jack Burkman said.
The city council will consider the tax exemption agreements following a public
hearing Jan. 25.
Vancouver rents in September 2015
Unit type    % vacant    Average rent    Units surveyed
Studio    4.9    $596    183
1 bedroom    1.7    $837    2,961
2 bed, 1 bath    7.9    $972    2,366
2 bed, 2 bath    2.5    $1,146    3,130
3 bed, 1 bath    0    $1,089    101
3 bed, 2 bath    2.7    $1,329    983
All    3.5*    $1,022    9,996
*Due to a high number of new units that hadn't been rented out yet, the vacancy
rate is higher than the typical 2 percent.
Source: Runstad Center for Real Estate Research

LOAD-DATE: January 8, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2016 The Columbian Publishing Co.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             491 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     The Journal Record (Oklahoma City, OK)

                            April 27, 2016 Wednesday

Leadership in Law profile: Robert M. Goldman

BYLINE: Journal Record Staff

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 306  words


Goldman Law PLLC Oklahoma City

Robert M. Goldman knew he wanted to become an attorney because he was always a
people person and wanted to get involved in assisting people and become
politically educated. The practice of law, he said, gave him the greatest
opportunity to do both. For more than 40 years, he's done just those through his
private practice with his brother, Eddie. Outside of their practice, which now
includes his nephew, Tom, Goldman spends time helping his community in various
roles. The Goldmans have played a key role in keeping the tradition of the Red
Andrews Christmas Dinner alive.

Title: Shareholder

Education: University of Tulsa School of Law (J.D., 1973); Upsala College, East
Orange, N.J. (history major and political science minor, 1970)

Primary practice areas: General practice, landlord-tenant, contract law

Admitted to practice in what courts/states: Oklahoma; federal courts for the
Northern and Western districts of Oklahoma; U.S. Supreme Court

Number of years in legal profession: 43

Professional involvement: Oklahoma Bar Association (past member of the Fee and
Grievance Committee)

Community involvement: Red Andrews Christmas Dinner Foundation (president),
Metropolitan Fair Housing Council and Oklahoma Multi-Family Housing Association
(board member), Apartment Association of Central Oklahoma (legal counsel),
Oklahoma City Downtown Lions Club (past member and board member), Central
Oklahoma Association for Deaf and Hearing Impaired (past president)

Awards/honors: Melvin Jones Fellowship Award, Oklahoma County Bar Association
Community Service Award, Oklahoma Bar Association Community Service Award

Hobbies: Sports, theater and spending time with grandchildren

http://www.journalrecord.com/be-the-first-to-know/ Click here for more from this
resource.

© 2016 Dolan Media Newswires. All Rights Reserved.

LOAD-DATE: May 3, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: General news

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2016 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved


                             492 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Wyoming Tribune-Eagle (Cheyenne)

                              July 20, 2014 Sunday

Task force needed on rental crisis

BYLINE: D. Reed Eckhardt

SECTION: OPINION; Local Editorial; Pg. 07-20 OPIN rentals SUN

LENGTH: 591 words


bkm

Our opinion

Task force

needed on

rental crisis

THE ISSUE: Cheyenne's rental market has gotten so tight that properties are
barely cleaned before they are occupied again.

WE BELIEVE: This situation could choke the city's economic growth. The mayor and
council should appoint a task force to find solutions.

TELL US WHAT YOU THINK:

Contact us via email at opinion@wyomingnews.com

Cheyenne is facing a crisis. Yet it appears neither Mayor Rick Kaysen nor the
City Council are going to even try to do anything about it.

We are referring to the squeeze on rental properties in the Capital City that is
forcing up rents and driving younger workers away. That has the potential to
slow economic growth here, if not bring it to a grinding halt.

As reported in the WTE last week, vacancy rates have dipped from about 11
percent in 1998 to a current level of 1.7 percent. This means that almost as
soon as rentals come open, they are snatched off the market. Meanwhile, rents
have nearly doubled over the same period, to $1,034 per month for houses and
$678 for apartments.

While the rental squeeze may not be the only reason for it, about 7.5 percent of
the workforce in Laramie County doesn't even live here: It commutes to northern
Colorado. That means Weld and Larimer counties get the benefit as those workers
take their paychecks home and turn the money over in their local economies,
rather than in Cheyenne.

But even more importantly, a lack of affordable housing is a disincentive for
companies to locate here. Why would a tech firm come to the Capital City and
force its employees into a nightly commute to northern Colorado when it could
just locate there? Such quality-of-life issues erode Laramie County's
competitive advantages.

The solutions for this problem won't come easily. But it doesn't appear the City
Council and mayor are even thinking about them.

Indeed, council members from both north and south Cheyenne actually have helped
to make the situation worse by blocking proposals for multi-family complexes in
their parts of town. And just recently the Cheyenne Planning Commission turned
down a proposed 150-unit facility in The Pointe when neighbors objected.

Someone needs to take leadership on solving this problem, and the city's
governing body should be that someone. Its members have spent the past few years
digging into nuts-and-bolts issues like the budget and fiddling over such
non-issues as election signs. Meanwhile, bigger-picture issues like this one
have gone unaddressed.

Why don't council President Dr. Mark Rinne and Mr. Kaysen put their heads
together and appoint a task force to address this issue? The mayor and council
have not played well together in recent months. Here is a chance to alter that
relationship.

The panel should reach outside the council to include such people as developers,
city planners, the Chamber of Commerce, Laramie County officials and residents
who oppose such projects so their concerns can be heard. And it must look at all
the key issues - infrastructure, land availability, city code and land-use
policy, even education on how dealing with neighbors' oft-unfounded concerns.

The task force also has to consider incentives to develop these projects as well
as ways to fast track them. And it should work on a tight timeline, since this
problem could get worse quickly if a long-awaited energy boom here takes off.
And there are hints that it may be doing just that.

Here is a chance for the council and mayor to tackle a problem that affects this
city's future. If they won't take it on, who will?

LOAD-DATE: July 20, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2014 Cheyenne Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             493 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          September 28, 2016 Wednesday

California: REQUEST FOR QUALIFICATIONS (RFQ) FOR COMMUNITY HOUSING

LENGTH: 582  words

DATELINE: New York



 Sacramento: The District of California has issued the following Public Notice:



   REQUEST FOR QUALIFICATIONS (RFQ) FOR COMMUNITY HOUSING DEVELOPMENT
ORGANIZATIONS The City of Santa Ana is conducting a qualifications process and
seeking applications from organizations that can certify as a Community Housing
Development Organization (CHDO) and have the capacity to develop affordable,
single-family or multi-family housing for rental or homebuyer activities. These
affordable units will target lower income households at or below 80% of the area
median income (AMI) per the income requirements of the HOME Investment
Partnerships Program (HOME) regulations.

Organizations which are successful in the qualification process will be placed
on an Approved CHDO List, subject to City Council approval. The organizations
placed on the list will be able to utilize HOME CHDO funds based on the review,
approval, and selection of the City at its sole discretion for qualified and
eligible projects. Approximately $504,550 in HOME CHDO funds is expected to be
available under this Request for Qualifications over the next three-year period,
subject to approval by the City Council and final funding amounts from the U.S.
Department of Housing and Urban Development (HUD). Eligible projects will
involve the acquisition/new construction or
acquisition/rehabilitation/preservation of affordable single-family or
multi-unit housing for homeownership or rental housing. All projects must comply
with the regulations of the HOME Program Finale Rule (24 CFR Part 92). The
City's Approved CHDO List will be in effect for a three-year period or until the
CHDO funds are fully expended, whichever comes first. RFQ packets will be
available for download on the City's website beginning Monday, September 26th,
2016. To download the RFQ packet, respondents may go to:
http://www.ci.santa-ana.ca.us/bids-rfps/default.asp or the Housing Development
Services website at http://www.ci.santa-ana.ca.us/cda/housingdevelopment.asp.
RFQ packets will also be available for pick-up at the City of Santa Ana,
Community Development Department, 20 Civic Center Drive, 6th Floor, Santa Ana,
CA 92702. Responses to this Request for Qualifications will be accepted until
Friday, October 28, 2016 at 12:00 p.m. Mailed, delivered by hand, or couriered
proposals will be accepted as follows: City of Santa Ana Natalie Verlinich,
Housing Programs Analyst Community Development Agency 20 Civic Center Plaza, 6th
Floor Santa Ana, CA 92702 It is the responsibility of the proposer to ensure
that any proposals submitted shall have sufficient time to be received by the
City of Santa Ana prior to the proposal due date and time. Questions regarding
this Request for Qualifications shall be made in writing via e-mail to Natalie
Verlinich at NVerlinich@santa-ana.org by no later than October 14th, 2016 at
5:00PM. The time the proposal is received in the Community Development Agency,
20 Civic Center Plaza, 6th Floor, Santa Ana, CA 92702 will be the governing time
for acceptance of proposals. Late proposals will NOT be considered and will be
returned to the proposer unopened. Telegraphic, electronic, and facsimile
proposals will not be accepted. ONLY SEALED RFQ RESPONSES ARE ACCEPTABLE. DO NOT
E-MAIL RFQ RESPONSES. DO NOT FAX RFQ RESPONSES. Published: Orange County
Register September 26, 2016 R-1633 10200859



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:  editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: September 29, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             494 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           September 27, 2016 Tuesday

California: REQUEST FOR QUALIFICATIONS (RFQ) FOR COMMUNITY HOUSING

LENGTH: 582  words

DATELINE: New York



 Sacramento: The District of California has issued the following Public Notice:



   REQUEST FOR QUALIFICATIONS (RFQ) FOR COMMUNITY HOUSING DEVELOPMENT
ORGANIZATIONS The City of Santa Ana is conducting a qualifications process and
seeking applications from organizations that can certify as a Community Housing
Development Organization (CHDO) and have the capacity to develop affordable,
single-family or multi-family housing for rental or homebuyer activities. These
affordable units will target lower income households at or below 80% of the area
median income (AMI) per the income requirements of the HOME Investment
Partnerships Program (HOME) regulations.

Organizations which are successful in the qualification process will be placed
on an Approved CHDO List, subject to City Council approval. The organizations
placed on the list will be able to utilize HOME CHDO funds based on the review,
approval, and selection of the City at its sole discretion for qualified and
eligible projects. Approximately $504,550 in HOME CHDO funds is expected to be
available under this Request for Qualifications over the next three-year period,
subject to approval by the City Council and final funding amounts from the U.S.
Department of Housing and Urban Development (HUD). Eligible projects will
involve the acquisition/new construction or
acquisition/rehabilitation/preservation of affordable single-family or
multi-unit housing for homeownership or rental housing. All projects must comply
with the regulations of the HOME Program Finale Rule (24 CFR Part 92). The
City's Approved CHDO List will be in effect for a three-year period or until the
CHDO funds are fully expended, whichever comes first. RFQ packets will be
available for download on the City's website beginning Monday, September 26th,
2016. To download the RFQ packet, respondents may go to:
http://www.ci.santa-ana.ca.us/bids-rfps/default.asp or the Housing Development
Services website at http://www.ci.santa-ana.ca.us/cda/housingdevelopment.asp.
RFQ packets will also be available for pick-up at the City of Santa Ana,
Community Development Department, 20 Civic Center Drive, 6th Floor, Santa Ana,
CA 92702. Responses to this Request for Qualifications will be accepted until
Friday, October 28, 2016 at 12:00 p.m. Mailed, delivered by hand, or couriered
proposals will be accepted as follows: City of Santa Ana Natalie Verlinich,
Housing Programs Analyst Community Development Agency 20 Civic Center Plaza, 6th
Floor Santa Ana, CA 92702 It is the responsibility of the proposer to ensure
that any proposals submitted shall have sufficient time to be received by the
City of Santa Ana prior to the proposal due date and time. Questions regarding
this Request for Qualifications shall be made in writing via e-mail to Natalie
Verlinich at NVerlinich@santa-ana.org by no later than October 14th, 2016 at
5:00PM. The time the proposal is received in the Community Development Agency,
20 Civic Center Plaza, 6th Floor, Santa Ana, CA 92702 will be the governing time
for acceptance of proposals. Late proposals will NOT be considered and will be
returned to the proposer unopened. Telegraphic, electronic, and facsimile
proposals will not be accepted. ONLY SEALED RFQ RESPONSES ARE ACCEPTABLE. DO NOT
E-MAIL RFQ RESPONSES. DO NOT FAX RFQ RESPONSES. Published: Orange County
Register September 26, 2016 R-1633 10200859



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:  editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: September 28, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             495 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           September 26, 2016 Monday

California: REQUEST FOR QUALIFICATIONS (RFQ) FOR COMMUNITY HOUSING

LENGTH: 582  words

DATELINE: New York



 Sacramento: The District of California has issued the following Public Notice:



   REQUEST FOR QUALIFICATIONS (RFQ) FOR COMMUNITY HOUSING DEVELOPMENT
ORGANIZATIONS The City of Santa Ana is conducting a qualifications process and
seeking applications from organizations that can certify as a Community Housing
Development Organization (CHDO) and have the capacity to develop affordable,
single-family or multi-family housing for rental or homebuyer activities. These
affordable units will target lower income households at or below 80% of the area
median income (AMI) per the income requirements of the HOME Investment
Partnerships Program (HOME) regulations.

Organizations which are successful in the qualification process will be placed
on an Approved CHDO List, subject to City Council approval. The organizations
placed on the list will be able to utilize HOME CHDO funds based on the review,
approval, and selection of the City at its sole discretion for qualified and
eligible projects. Approximately $504,550 in HOME CHDO funds is expected to be
available under this Request for Qualifications over the next three-year period,
subject to approval by the City Council and final funding amounts from the U.S.
Department of Housing and Urban Development (HUD). Eligible projects will
involve the acquisition/new construction or
acquisition/rehabilitation/preservation of affordable single-family or
multi-unit housing for homeownership or rental housing. All projects must comply
with the regulations of the HOME Program Finale Rule (24 CFR Part 92). The
City's Approved CHDO List will be in effect for a three-year period or until the
CHDO funds are fully expended, whichever comes first. RFQ packets will be
available for download on the City's website beginning Monday, September 26th,
2016. To download the RFQ packet, respondents may go to:
http://www.ci.santa-ana.ca.us/bids-rfps/default.asp or the Housing Development
Services website at http://www.ci.santa-ana.ca.us/cda/housingdevelopment.asp.
RFQ packets will also be available for pick-up at the City of Santa Ana,
Community Development Department, 20 Civic Center Drive, 6th Floor, Santa Ana,
CA 92702. Responses to this Request for Qualifications will be accepted until
Friday, October 28, 2016 at 12:00 p.m. Mailed, delivered by hand, or couriered
proposals will be accepted as follows: City of Santa Ana Natalie Verlinich,
Housing Programs Analyst Community Development Agency 20 Civic Center Plaza, 6th
Floor Santa Ana, CA 92702 It is the responsibility of the proposer to ensure
that any proposals submitted shall have sufficient time to be received by the
City of Santa Ana prior to the proposal due date and time. Questions regarding
this Request for Qualifications shall be made in writing via e-mail to Natalie
Verlinich at NVerlinich@santa-ana.org by no later than October 14th, 2016 at
5:00PM. The time the proposal is received in the Community Development Agency,
20 Civic Center Plaza, 6th Floor, Santa Ana, CA 92702 will be the governing time
for acceptance of proposals. Late proposals will NOT be considered and will be
returned to the proposer unopened. Telegraphic, electronic, and facsimile
proposals will not be accepted. ONLY SEALED RFQ RESPONSES ARE ACCEPTABLE. DO NOT
E-MAIL RFQ RESPONSES. DO NOT FAX RFQ RESPONSES. Published: Orange County
Register September 26, 2016 R-1633 10200859



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:  editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: September 27, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             496 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            February 3, 2015 Tuesday

New Mexico: Transfer of Land for the Downtown Grocery Store is Complete

LENGTH: 655  words

DATELINE: Santa Fe


City of Albuquerque has issued the following news release:

ALBUQUERQUE- Today, Mayor Richard J. Berry, along with government and business
leaders broke ground on a mixed-use development that is the latest catalyst in
Downtown's revitalization efforts. The City of Albuquerque has executed the
agreements needed to transfer the City-owned property on Silver between 2nd and
3rd Streets to UR 205 Silver LLC to build the Imperial Building. The Imperial
Building will include a 12,000 square foot grocery store around 10,000 square
feet of additional retail/commercial space, 74 rental apartments, and
approximately 90 parking spaces, including one level of underground parking.
Additionally, the rooftop will house an urban garden, operated in cooperation
with the Veteran Farmers Project.

"The grocery store will be one of the great catalysts for downtown. It will
support the Innovation Central District and the surrounding neighborhoods," said
Mayor Richard Berry. "That's good for everyone who wants to live in the heart of
our city."

The housing component of the Imperial Building will be developed and leased by
UR 205 Silver LLC, which is managed by YES Housing, Inc. The retail will be
developed and leased by UR 205 Silver Retail LLC, a Geltmore, LLC affiliated
company.

YES Housing, Inc. develops and owns multi-family and commercial developments.
Its mission is to build and revitalize communities with quality, affordable
housing and accessible social services and to be a positive agent for change
within the community.  YES Housing, Inc. will construct the parking garage,
rental apartments, and the shell of the retail space of the Imperial Building.
It will also build out and lease the rental housing.

Chris Baca, President and CEO if YES Housing states: "YES Housing, Inc. is
extremely excited in moving forward with the Imperial Project. We believe it is
going to be an integral part of the revitalization of Downtown Albuquerque.
Along with the other developments that are occurring in the area, we think that
this is an historic opportunity to be a partner with the City of Albuquerque,
the New Mexico Mortgage Finance Authority, and Geltmore, LLC in getting this
accomplished.  A grocery store, affordable apartments, and a roof top garden
that will supply fresh fruit and vegetables to citizens in the area is a dream
come true.  We are privileged to be involved in this development."

Geltmore, LLC is a family-owned real estate and development firm based in
Albuquerque.  This local business has experience with over 44 unique development
projects, including retail, office, warehouse, self-storage, hotel, restaurant
and residential units.

"After several years of hard work, we are thrilled that the Imperial Building
has taken another critical step towards becoming a reality," said Paul L.
Silverman, Manager and CEO of Geltmore, LLC. "The City of Albuquerque, YES
Housing, Bernalillo County, and the New Mexico Mortgage Finance Authority have
been tremendous partners, and we are proud that we all share in the vision of a
vibrant Downtown.  Bringing a grocery store and more residents to the heart of
our city will continue to fuel the renaissance that is taking place, for which
our City can be proud."

"There will also be a significant multiplier effect," explained David Silverman,
Principal and Vice President of Retail Development at Geltmore, LLC, and
co-developer of the project. "With new housing, and new retail in Downtown, the
dollars will be circulated many times over."

City Councilor, Isaac Benton, who represents District 2, which includes the
Downtown area, stated, "Thousands of new residents have moved into Downtown
within the last few years. A grocery store will be a much-welcome addition,
keeping the district and surrounding neighborhoods on a trajectory of
revitalization."

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: February 4, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             497 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Palm Beach Post (Florida)

                              July 15, 2012 Sunday
                                 FINAL EDITION

Residents oppose plan for rentals ;
 Toscana Isles expected to be approved.

BYLINE: By Lona O'Connor Palm Beach Post Staff Writer

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. 1C

LENGTH: 806 words


The mood was tense, the hour was late and the conflict had a familiar ring to
it. Ansca Homes was seeking permission to build 206 apartments on Hypoluxo Road
and the neighbors were not happy.

"There are two sets of property rights here, the existing communities and the
people who want to build," Palm Beach County Commissioner Shelly Vana said. "I
hope the answer is something everybody can live with."

Vana reminded the homeowners that workforce housing, which accounts for 142 of
the 206 apartments, is a mandatory program heavily supported by the Palm Beach
County Commission. It was declared to be at a crisis level in 2005. Vana added
that it would behoove the developer to make any concessions it could, even
though some had already been made.

At the Wednesday night meeting west of Boynton Beach, a dozen homeowners
representing six nearby communities called the planned apartment complex "an
eyesore" and "a Pandora's box."

Homeowners mainly objected to the rental units, which they said would attract
transient people, more traffic, more kids in the nearby schools and possibly
more crime.

"A lot of us don't want workforce housing there at all," said Winston Trails
resident Henry Colon. "There is a group that would rather see retail on that
frontage."

Colon acknowledges his position is radical, since even critics concede the plan
for Toscana Isles meets all county requirements and is expected to be approved.

Demand for rentals

The original signs for Toscana Isles, planted two years ago and still up on the
vacant land, said homes would be sold for $200,000 and up.

There are still single-family homes planned for the 33-acre plot, but the
developer, Ansca Homes, determined rentals are in greater demand.

The county commission will take comments on the Toscana plan July 26. After
that, the permitting process could still take at least a year before the
development would be ready to accept renters.

According to Suzanne Cabrera, president of Housing Leadership, formed in 2006 to
find solutions for the county's affordable housing crisis, the county needs at
least 9,000 units of affordable housing, and by far workers prefer rentals.

Toscana Isles includes 208 multi-family units fronting Hypoluxo Road and 206
single-family, zero-lot-line homes to be built later.

Of the rentals, 142 would be designated as workforce housing, allotted to
workers making moderate incomes, with rental fees lower than market rates.

After the meeting, Pol Africano, an agent for the project, paced in the parking
lot smoking a cigarette. He thought he had addressed the homeowners' concerns
two years ago.

"Back in 2010, we sat down with people from Lantern Key, Cocoplum and Biltmore,
they asked for certain things and we worked it out," Africano said. Among the
changes were an added access road, an increased buffer and taller trees.

Fears 'not realistic'

For Alberto Trujillo of the Journeys End neighborhood, the episode is an
opportunity for residents to vet comprehensive planning along West Hypoluxo
Road, which becomes progressively more rural west of Toscana Isles.

"There is no vision for all that stretch of land," said Trujillo. "Each
developer is doing what he wants. We believe that is wrong. This is a big
opportunity here to make all that area look nice."

Marty Perry, Toscana's attorney, calmly combated objections one by one.

"Who in their right mind would jeopardize their investment by creating a slum at
their front door?" Perry asked.

Perry said the apartments would be between 57.5 and 74.5 feet back from Hypoluxo
Road, the seven buildings would be placed so that their narrower edges face the
road.

A three-foot berm with six-foot hedges would also soften the presence of the
35-foot, two- and three-story apartment buildings.

"They're well-intentioned, but their fears and concerns are not realistic,"
Perry said.

Church is long shot

Perry reminded the homeowners that every detail of the Toscana Isles plan was
legal and pointed out that Winston Trails includes rental units and multi-story
buildings visible above the tree line right across Hypoluxo Road.

"What are you willing to negotiate?" Trujillo asked Africano.

"Lower density?"

"More single-family homes?"

"Townhomes?"

Africano shook his head no.

"With all due respect, we already reduced from 459 units to 414," Africano said.
"You're trying to tell us what type of product to build."

Vana urged the residents to meet one last time with Ansca's representatives
before July 26.

There is one long shot in the mix.

"We've been praying on this," said the Rev. Tom Peters of Trinity Church
International, which is right behind Toscana Isles.

Peters wanted to buy 44 of the 70 acres a few years back to expanded Trinity's
campus, which includes a K-12 school and needs athletic fields, but got outbid.

"We still believe that property is going to be ours," Peters said.

lona_oconnor@pbpost.com

LOAD-DATE: July 17, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES:  west boyntonWorkforce housing

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2012 The Palm Beach Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             498 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                    The Evening Sun (Hanover, Pennsylvania)

                             July 18, 2013 Thursday

Cumberland Township housing project gets funding

BYLINE: By LILLIAN REED The Evening Sun

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 253 words


Fifty new affordable townhomes and a community room will be constructed in
Cumberland Township, according to a July 15 news release from the Pennsylvania
Interfaith Community Programs.

The project will be phase-two of a Pennsylvania Interfaith initiative started in
2009, said Ed Jenkins, the company's deputy director. In the first phase, 40
similar homes were built at the Misty Ridge Terrace development in an effort to
provide affordable multi-family housing to area residents.

The homes will only be open to applicants at or below the 20-percent income tier
determined by the Pennsylvania Housing Finance Agency and rent will be set on a
sliding income scale. After 15 years as a rental property, the homes will become
available for anyone to purchase.

Pennsylvania Interfaith won't start accepting applications from families wanting
to move into the homes until construction, which will start in the spring of
2014, is near completion. Jenkins said hopes families will be able to move into
the first finished homes later next fall

The cost to build the 50 two- and three-bedroom homes and one community room off
of Biglerville Road north of Gettysburg is estimated to be $12.25 million,
Jenkins said. Funding was recently approved by the state Housing Finance Agency,
according to the news release.

In addition to affordable housing, Pennsylvania Interfaith seeks to offer
residents transportation, after school programs and community support.

"We try to be very innovative in the types of services we offer," Jenkins said.

LOAD-DATE: July 20, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2013 MediaNews Group, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             499 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                        The York Dispatch (Pennsylvania)

                             March 2, 2006 Thursday

City drops group home changes

BYLINE: DAINA KLIMANIS The York Dispatch

SECTION: LOCAL

LENGTH: 449 words

DATELINE: But city council President Cameron Texter, author of the legislation,
said the suggested regulations for drug


A reworked York City housing code is back before the city council, and unlike a
previous draft, it won't include a controversial provision establishing new
requirements for group recovery homes.

and alcohol-recovery group homes aren't completely out of the picture.

It's just that such requirements would be more appropriately established in a
revision of the city's zoning code, he said.

The housing code revision, which would establish new categories of
tenant-occupied and institutional housing, was first under council discussion in
September.

City fire chief John Senft and other officials have since weighed in with
revisions, Texter said, and the council is set to introduce the modified code at
its Tuesday meeting.

"It's all ready to go," Texter said.

Safety measures: The current housing code defines a residential structure as one
of three things: a rooming house, a multi-family dwelling or a single-family
dwelling. The revision changes those categories so that a group home providing a
supervised atmosphere for a handful of recovering drug addicts would be
classified differently than a hotel with room for hundreds.

Texter said the change is necessary so the fire department knows what's in the
structures it might need to respond to during emergencies.

The proposed housing code also establishes more uniform inspection requirements
for rental units and institutional housing. Currently, facilities must be
inspected every one to three years; requirements vary in different parts of the
city. The new code requires inspections every two years, though properties with
a history of violations switch to an annual inspection program.

Previous draft: The previous draft of the housing code required group recovery
homes to have a
detailed plan describing admission procedures and alternate arrangements for
anyone discharged. Texter said legitimate operations should have such plans in
place already so they never need to put a resident out on the street.

"They just put them right out, and we just want to make sure they have some kind
of plan to deal with people," Texter said.

City group-home operators have argued such regulations would hamper the
operation of alcohol- and drug-recovery homes and violate provisions of the Fair
Housing Act, which grants people with disabilities certain protections.
Recovering alcoholics and drug addicts are classified by the act as disabled.

Texter has requested the proposed housing code revision go to a council
committee for discussion, though a date and time have not yet been set. The York
City Council meets Tuesday at 7 p.m. in the city council chambers on the third
floor of One MarketWay West.

LOAD-DATE: March 2, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 2006 MediaNews Group, Inc.


                             500 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Spokesman Review (Spokane, WA)

                          September 14, 2005 Wednesday
                                 Idaho Edition

Community center evacuee contact point

SECTION: A; Pg. 6

LENGTH: 487 words


Spokane Valley Community Center has been designated the contact point for
Hurricane Katrina victims who are relocating to Spokane County.

Center Director Mollie Dalpae said an official from Washington State Emergency
Management Division phoned on Tuesday morning to let her know about the status.

"They went on the Internet and found we were the most comprehensive contact
point," Dalpae said.

Spokane Valley Community Center houses a dozen collaborating social service
agencies. The one-stop location offers everything from emergency money to thwart
utility shut-offs and pay for prescriptions to food and clothing banks to a
nutrition program for women, infants and children.

Dalpae was told that Washington state is expecting about 700 families, but the
official couldn't say how many may arrive in Spokane County.

All Spokane County arrivals will be assessed through the community center. Those
who are moving within Spokane Valley zip codes also will receive services
through the community center, while the rest will be referred to other social
service agencies, Dalpae said.

Dalpae considers the designation an honor: "It think it's nice to know that
we're still well thought of."

Other local organizations offering aid to those affected by Hurricane Katrina
include:

HOUSING

* Authorities have identified 180 rental units in government-financed
multi-family housing complexes that are being made available to victims of
Hurricane Katrina. The rental units, located mostly in smaller southern Idaho
communities, were built with financing from USDA Rural Development, a federal
agency intended to help aid development of rural communities.

"We recognize that many of those needing assistance come from rural
communities," said Mike Field, the agency's Idaho director. "We can provide
immediate housing for those hurricane evacuees coming to Idaho." Displaced
families interested in taking advantage of the housing offer must make
arrangements through FEMA.

VOLUNTEERING

* People interested in volunteering for hurricane relief work can get
information on that at  www.salvationarmyusa.org. In addition, the Salvation
Army said it has collected $89,000 in the Spokane region for hurricane relief
through collection containers located at area businesses.

FINANCIAL AID

* Pullman-based Schweitzer Engineering Laboratories Inc. donated $100,000 to the
American Red Cross to help with relief efforts. The company, which makes
equipment for electric power systems, also said it is offering discounts of 30
percent to 50 percent on its products to customers in the Gulf states to help
them restore their power systems quickly.

* ShortStop Shell, located along U.S. Highway 95 at Hayden, will contribute half
of its car wash proceeds and $10 of every oil change performed from 10 a.m. to 3
p.m. Saturday to Convoy of Hope, a nonprofit organization distributing food and
supplies in hurricane-ravaged Gulf Coast states.

LOAD-DATE: September 16, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2005 Spokane Spokesman-Review
