
                               1 of 998 DOCUMENTS



              The Lake Metigoshe Mirror (Bottineau, North Dakota)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                 June 20, 2012

USDA seeking applications for grants to help rural businesses

BYLINE: The Lake Metigoshe Mirror staff

LENGTH: 483  words


Agriculture Secretary Tom Vil-sack announced that USDA is accepting applications
for grants to help promote sustainable economic development and job creation in
rural communities.

"'Cooperative enterprises often lead economic growth and job creation in rural
areas," Vilsack said. "USDA is offering grants to help organizations start
cooperatives, expand existing ones or help develop business opportunities in
rural areas.-'

USDA is offering Rural Cooperative Development Grants (RCDG) to non-profit
corporations and institutions of higher education .

The grants also may be used to conduct feasibility studies, create and implement
business plans, and help businesses develop new markets for their products and
services.

One-year grants up to $175,000 are available. In most cases, grants may be used
to pay for up to 75 percent of the cost of establishing and operating rural
cooperative development centers. Recipients are required to match 25 percent of
the award amount. The grant period should begin no earlier than October 1, 2012.
and no later than January 1. 2013.

Many RCDG recipients have a long history of job creation and economic
development. In Great Falls, Montana, the Montana Cooperative Development Center
has helped 123 entities and guided the formation of 37 cooperatives since its
inception in 1999.

One of these cooperatives, the Last Chance Cafe, in Sunburst, Montana, near the
Canadian border, would have closed without help from the development center and
its USDA Rural Cooperative Development Grant.

This iconic cafe is once again a successful local diner and a gathering spot for
the local community.

Through this notice, USDA may award up to $5.8 million in grants. The deadline
for RCDG applications is August 6, 2012. For additional information, see the
June 7,2012 Federal Register or contact the USDA Rural Development state office.

In addition, USDA is offering almost $2.37 million in grants through USDA Rural
Development's Rural Business Opportunity Grant (RBOG. The program promotes
sustainable economic development in rural communities and regions with
exceptional needs.

The RBOG program provides training and technical assistance grants for business
development, entrepreneurs, and economic development officials and assists with
economic development planning.

Funding is available to rural public bodies, nonprofit corporations, Native
American tribes and cooperatives with primarily rural members that conduct
activities for the mutual benefit of the membership.

Applications for Rural Business Opportunity Grants are due August 6. 2012.
Application instructions may be obtained from the June 7,2012 Federal Register,
or by contacting a USDA Rural Development State Office.

USDA. through its Rural Development mission area, administers and manages
housing, business and community infrastructure and facility programs through a
national network of state and local offices.

LOAD-DATE: October 11, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Business

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: LMT

                      Copyright 2012 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
       Copyright 2012 The Lake Metigoshe Mirror (Bottineau, North Dakota)


                               2 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                  The Clinch County News (Homerville, Georgia)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                  July 4, 2012

Grants available for rural economic development

BYLINE: The Clinch County News staff

LENGTH: 722  words


Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack announced that USDA is accepting applications
for grants to help promote sustainable economic development and job creation in
rural communities. "Cooperative enterprises often lead economic growth and job
creation in rural areas," Vilsack said. "USDA is offering grants to help
organizations start cooperatives, expand existing ones or help develop business
opportunities in rural areas." USDA is offering Rural Cooperative Development
Grants (RCDG) to nonprofit corporations and institutions of higher education.
The grants also may be used to conduct feasibility studies, create and implement
business plans, and help businesses develop new markets for their products and
services.

One-year grants up to $175,000 are available. In most cases, grants may be used
to pay for up to 75 percent of the cost of establishing and operating rural
cooperative development centers.

Recipients are required to match 25 percent of the award amount. The grant
period should begin no earlier than October 1, 2012, and no later than January
1, 2013.

Many RCDG recipients have a long history of job creation and economic
development. In Great Falls, MT, the Montana Cooperative Development Center has
helped 123 entities and guided the formation of 37 cooperatives since its
inception in 1999. One of these cooperatives, the Last Chance Cafe, in Sunburst,
MT, near the Canadian border, would have closed without help from the
development center and its USDA Rural Cooperative Development Grant. This iconic
cafe is once again a successful local diner and a gathering spot for the local
community.

Through this notice, USDA may award up to $5.8 million in grants. The deadline
for RCDG applications is August 6, 2012. For additional information, see the
June 7, 2012 Federal Register or contact the USDA Rural Development State
Office.

In addition, USDA is offeringalmost$2.37million in grants through USDA Rural
Development's Rural Business Opportunity Grant(RBOG). The program promotes
sustainable economic development in rural communities and regions with
exceptional needs. For example, in 2011, USDA Rural Development awarded
Southwestern Wisconsin Regional Planning Commission a $90,000 grant to assist
with the development of a local food prospectus for rural areas in the tri-state
region of Wisconsin, Iowa and Illinois. The Commission will use the grant award
with partner agencies in Wisconsin, Illinois and Iowa to improve the local food
opportunities in the tri-state region. The two-year effort will identify
agricultural strengths, regional opportunities, and recommend a unified network
of processing, storage, and distribution facilities throughout the region.

The RBOG program provides training and technical assistance grants for business
development, entrepreneurs, and economic development officials and assists with
economic development planning. Funding is available to rural public bodies,
nonprofit corporations, Native American tribes and cooperatives with primarily
rural members that conduct activities for the mutual benefit of the membership.
Applications for Rural Business Opportunity

Grants are due August 6, 2012. Application instructions may be obtained from the
June 7, 2012 Federal Register, or by contacting aUSDA Rural Development State
Office.

Since taking office, President Obama's Administration has taken historic steps
to improve the lives of rural Americans, put people back to work and build
thriving economies in rural communities. From proposing the American Jobs Act to
establishing the first-ever White House

Rural Council - chaired by Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack - the President is
committed to using Federal resources more efficiently to foster sustainable
economic prosperity and ensure the government is a strong partner for
businesses, entrepreneurs and working families in rural communities. USDA,
through its Rural Development mission area, administers and manages housing,
business and community infrastructure and facility programs through a national
network of state and local offices. Rural Development has an active portfolio of
more than $165 billion in loans and loan guarantees. These programs are designed
to improve the economic stability of rural communities, businesses, residents,
farmers and ranchers and improve the quality of life in rural areas.

LOAD-DATE: October 24, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Economy

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: CCH

                      Copyright 2012 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                     Copyright 2012 The Clinch County News


                               3 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             June 16, 2015 Tuesday

Arkansas: USDA Seeks Applications for Grants to Provide Development Support to
Rural Cooperatives

LENGTH: 493  words

DATELINE: Little Rock


Arkansas Agriculture Department has issued the following news release:

Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack today announced that USDA is accepting
applications for grants to help rural cooperatives develop new markets for their
products and services. USDA is making the grants available to non-profit
corporations and institutions of higher education through the Rural Cooperative
Development Grant (RCDG) program.

"Cooperative organizations are important catalysts for economic growth and job
creation in rural America," Vilsack said. "The lack of investment capital is
often the key factor holding many rural areas back from economic prosperity. The
investments that USDA is making available will help organizations start
cooperatives, expand existing ones, boost sales and marketing opportunities, and
help develop business opportunities in rural areas."

USDA's Rural Cooperative Development Grant program improves economic conditions
in rural areas by helping individuals and businesses start, expand or improve
the operations of rural cooperatives and other mutually-owned businesses through
cooperative development centers. Other eligible grant activities may include
conducting feasibility studies and creating business plans.

USDA is making up to $5.8 million in grants available in Fiscal Year 2015.
One-year grants up to $200,000 are available. In most cases, grants may be used
to pay for up to 75 percent of a project's total costs. Recipients are required
to match 25 percent of the award amount. The grants will be awarded prior to
September 30, 2015. The recipients will have one year to utilize the awarded
funds.

The application deadline is July 30, 2015. For additional information, see Page
34129 of the June 15, 2015 Federal Register or contact the USDA Rural
Development State Office.

Earlier Rural Cooperative Development Grant funding from USDA helped to reopen a
local Nebraska grocery store. The University of Nebraska-Lincoln's Cooperative
Development Center (NCDC) used funding from an RCDG grant to provide technical
assistance in forming a cooperative business that re-opened the only grocery
store in the small town of Elwood, Nebraska. Community members formed a
10-member steering committee and worked with NCDC on business and finance issues
and incorporation options as a cooperative. The cooperative was incorporated in
May 2012 as the Elwood Hometown Cooperative Market and opened in February 2013.
The Elwood Market keeps its vital place in the community thanks to support from
USDA.

President Obama's historic investments in rural America have made our rural
communities stronger. Under his leadership, these investments in housing,
community facilities, businesses and infrastructure have empowered rural America
to continue leading the way - strengthening America's economy, small towns and
rural communities.

#

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: June 16, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                               4 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                              June 15, 2015 Monday

Arizona: USDA Seeks Applications for Grants to Provide Development Support to
Rural Cooperatives

LENGTH: 496  words

DATELINE: Phoenix


Department of Agriculture has issued the following news release:

WASHINGTON, June 15, 2015 - Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack today announced
that USDA is accepting applications for grants to help rural cooperatives
develop new markets for their products and services. USDA is making the grants
available to non-profit corporations and institutions of higher education
through the Rural Cooperative Development Grant (RCDG) program.

"Cooperative organizations are important catalysts for economic growth and job
creation in rural America," Vilsack said. "The lack of investment capital is
often the key factor holding many rural areas back from economic prosperity. The
investments that USDA is making available will help organizations start
cooperatives, expand existing ones, boost sales and marketing opportunities, and
help develop business opportunities in rural areas."

USDA's Rural Cooperative Development Grant program improves economic conditions
in rural areas by helping individuals and businesses start, expand or improve
the operations of rural cooperatives and other mutually-owned businesses through
cooperative development centers. Other eligible grant activities may include
conducting feasibility studies and creating business plans.

USDA is making up to $5.8 million in grants available in Fiscal Year 2015.
One-year grants up to $200,000 are available. In most cases, grants may be used
to pay for up to 75 percent of a project's total costs. Recipients are required
to match 25 percent of the award amount. The grants will be awarded prior to
September 30, 2015. The recipients will have one year to utilize the awarded
funds.

The application deadline is July 30, 2015. For additional information, see Page
34129 of the June 15, 2015 Federal Register or contact the USDA Rural
Development State Office.

Earlier Rural Cooperative Development Grant funding from USDA helped to reopen a
local Nebraska grocery store. The University of Nebraska-Lincoln's Cooperative
Development Center (NCDC) used funding from an RCDG grant to provide technical
assistance in forming a cooperative business that re-opened the only grocery
store in the small town of Elwood, Nebraska. Community members formed a
10-member steering committee and worked with NCDC on business and finance issues
and incorporation options as a cooperative. The cooperative was incorporated in
May 2012 as the Elwood Hometown Cooperative Market and opened in February 2013.
The Elwood Market keeps its vital place in the community thanks to support from
USDA.

President Obama's historic investments in rural America have made our rural
communities stronger. Under his leadership, these investments in housing,
community facilities, businesses and infrastructure have empowered rural America
to continue leading the way - strengthening America's economy, small towns and
rural communities.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: June 16, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                               5 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                      Tri-County News (Kimball, Minnesota)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                               December 19, 2013

Funding is announced for rural business;
USDA officials announce economic development funding to strengthen businesses
and create jobs in rural communities of Minnesota

BYLINE: Tri-County News staff

LENGTH: 710  words


USDA Rural Development State Director Colleen Landkamer today announced the
selection of three organizations for grants to help rural cooperatives and small
businesses expand, create jobs and strengthen their capacity to serve rural
citizens and communities.

"These grants help cooperatives support projects and initiatives that create
jobs and improve rural economic conditions," Landkamer said. "USDA funding helps
provide the expertise and capacity-building resources that cooperatives rely on
to succeed in carrying out their missions."

Funding is provided through USDA Rural Development's Rural Cooperative
Development Grant (RCDG) program. The grants are being awarded to non-profit
groups to create and operate centers that help establish, expand or operate
rural businesses, especially cooperatives and mutually-owned businesses. These
competitively awarded grants may be used to conduct feasibility studies, create
and implement business plans, and help businesses develop new markets for their
products and services. Since fiscal year 2009, the RCDG program has awarded
grants totaling over $1.2 million in Minnesota.

The Friday, Dec. 13, announcement includes several recipients who are developing
new market opportunities for rural farmers and ranchers by capitalizing on
consumer interest in locally produced food. For example, the Latino Economic
Development Center (LEDC) is being selected for a $200,000 grant to assist food
hubs - facilities that aggregate local food and market it to large-volume buyers
in the region. LEDC will assist the Agua Gorda farmer cooperative with
increasing their marketing opportunities to include urban business clients and
expand the reach of their locally-grown specialty vegetables. A recent Michigan
State University study found that the average food hub creates nearly 20 jobs
and generates close to $4 million in sales. LEDC has also assisted in the
development of nonprofit organization Willmar Area Multicultural Business Center
(WAMBC), which provides economic development services to local Latino
entrepreneurs as well as projects across nine counties in the St. Cloud, region.

The Agriculture Utilizaton Research Institute (AURI) is receiving a $200,000
grant to continue its research and assistance of local food processing, storage
and delivery cooperatives. AURI will provide direct technical assistance and
applied research services to meet the cooperative development needs of at least
six cooperatives representing 4,550 producers in various stages of development
in economically distressed areas. The technical assistance these centers provide
will help generate new opportunities for Minnesota farmers and ranchers, create
jobs in local food processing and distribution industries, and serve growing
consumer demand for locally-produnced products._

Finally, The projects supported through Friday's announcement go far beyond
food. For example, Northcountry Cooperative Foundation's (NCF) Center for
Cooperative Innovation is receiving $200,000 to continue its work in creating
manufactured housing cooperatives. NCF has helped build the program
infrastructure that has converted more than 500 households to cooperative
ownership through technical assistance and training. These housing cooperatives
have helped create playgrounds, safe and secure mailboxes, new community signs,
and bus shelters. They hope to add new storm shelters, community centers and
water mains to that list of investments over the next few years in order to
continue the revi-talization of local rural communities and expand local
employment opportunities.

Friday's announcement is another reminder of the importance of USDA programs for
rural America. A comprehensive new Food, Farm and Jobs Bill would further expand
the rural economy, and that's just one reason why Congress must get a
comprehensive Food, Farm and Jobs Bill done as soon as possible.

USDA Rural Development has invested more than $4.1 billion throughout Minnesota
since 2009. In addition to investing in rural businesses and cooperatives, the
agency has programs to improve rural housing, infrastructure, highspeed
Internet, healthcare facilities and other economic development projects. To
learn more about Rural Development, visit www.rurdev. usda.gov/mn.

LOAD-DATE: October 16, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Business

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: TCO

                      Copyright 2013 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                         Copyright 2013 Tri-County News


                               6 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                         Deming Headlight (New Mexico)

                              May 11, 2014 Sunday

USDA funding availale for Ec. development

BYLINE: For the Headlight

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 489 words


ALBUQUERQUE, N.M. >> USDA Rural Development State Director Terry Brunner
announced today the availability of competitive grant funds to support the
development of rural cooperatives.

Across the nation a total of $5.8 million is available this year for the Rural
Coop Development Grant (RCDG) program and an additional $3 million will be
available for Small Socially-Disadvantaged Producer Grants, a subset of the RCDG
program. The notices of funding availability appeared in the Federal Register on
April 30, 2014.

In making the announcement Brunner said, "The primary objective of the RCDG
program is to improve the economic condition of rural areas by assisting
individuals or entities in the start-up, expansion or improvement of rural
cooperatives and other business entities." Brunner added, "The grants are
awarded competitively on an annual basis to Rural Cooperative Development
Centers who in turn provide technical assistance to individuals and entities."

The RCDG is available for non-profit corporations or higher education
institutions for the purpose of establishing or upgrading centers for training
in cooperative development. Each applicant can apply for up to $200,000, funds
are required for twenty-five percent of the total project cost. Grant funds may
be used to pay for up to 75 percent of the cost of establishing and operating
centers for rural cooperative development, or 95 percent in the case of tribal
land grant institutions. The grant term is one year. Applications that support
rural areas with at least 20 percent of the population at poverty level are
particularly encouraged.

An additional $3 million is available through the Small Socially-Disadvantaged
Producer Grants program for eligible applicants including; cooperatives and
groups of cooperatives as well as cooperative development centers who will
provide technical assistance to small, socially-disadvantaged agricultural
producers in rural areas. The maximum award amount is $200,000, and no matching
funds are required.

The deadline for both the RCDG and SSDPG funding through electronic applications
are due June 26, 2014, and hard-copy applications are due June 30, 2014.

For information on the application process please contact Rodney Peach the Rural
Business and Cooperative Service program director in New Mexico by calling
505-761-4953 or rodney.peach@nm.usda.gov more information for RCDG can be found
on this USDA webpage and for SSDPG on this USDA site.

President Obama's plan for rural America has brought about historic investment
and resulted in stronger rural communities. Under the President's leadership,
these investments in housing, community facilities, businesses and
infrastructure have empowered rural America to continue leading the way
strengthening America's economy, small towns and rural communities.

USDA's investments in rural communities support the rural way of life that
stands as the backbone of our American values.

LOAD-DATE: May 12, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


          Copyright 2014 Deming Headlight, a MediaNews Group Newspaper
                              All Rights Reserved


                               7 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                           Ruidoso News (New Mexico)

                             July 9, 2015 Thursday

Ruidoso: Grants available for rural development

BYLINE: Reports

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 242 words


The USDA is accepting applications for grants for the development of rural
cooperatives. The grants are being made available to non-profit corporations and
institutions of higher education through the Rural Cooperative Development Grant
(RCDG) program.

"This is a great opportunity for a non-profit or schools to use this money to
help the businesses in their community grow and expand through cooperative
efforts," USDA Rural Development State Director Terry Brunner Brunner wrote in a
press release earlier this week.

The Rural Cooperative Development Grant program improves economic conditions in
rural areas by helping individuals and businesses start, expand or improve the
operations of rural cooperatives and other mutually-owned businesses. Other
eligible grant activities may include conducting feasibility studies and
creating business and marketing plans.

USDA-Rural Development is making up to $5.8 million in grants available for the
2015 fiscal year. Up to $200,000 will be awarded for each grant. In most cases,
grants may be used to pay for up to 75 percent of a project's total costs.
Recipients are required to match 25 percent of the award amount. The grants will
be awarded prior to September 30. The recipients will have one year to complete
their grant project.

The application deadline is July 30. For additional information, contact Jesse
Monfort Bopp, USDA-RD State Office, at 505-761-4952 or 505-761-4953 or
jesse.bopp@nm.usda.gov

LOAD-DATE: July 10, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: USDA Rural Development State Director Terry Brunner.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2015 Ruidoso News, a MediaNews Group Newspaper
                              All Rights Reserved


                               8 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                       The Montrose Herald (South Dakota)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                 June 19, 2015

USDA Seeks Applications For Grants To Provide Development Support To Rural
Cooperatives

BYLINE: The Montrose Herald staff

LENGTH: 342  words


Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack today announced that USDA is accepting
applications for grants to help rural cooperatives develop new markets for their
products and services. USDA is making the grants available to non-profit
corporations and institutions of higher education through the Rural Cooperative
Development Grant (RCDG) program.

"Cooperative organizations are important catalysts for economic growth and job
creation in rural America," Vilsack said. "The lack of investment capital is
often the key factor holding many rural areas back from economic prosperity. The
investments that USDA is making available will help organizations start
cooperatives, expand existing ones, boost sales and marketing opportunities, and
help develop business opportunities in rural areas."

USDA's Rural Cooperative Development Grant program improves economic conditions
in rural areas by helping individuals and businesses start, expand or improve
the operations of rural cooperatives and other mutually-owned businesses through
cooperative development centers. Other eligible grant activities may include
conducting feasibility studies and creating business plans.

USDA is making up to $5.8 million in grants available in Fiscal Year 2015.
One-year grants up to $200,000 are available. In most cases, grants may be used
to pay for up to 75 percent of a project's total costs. Recipients are required
to match 25 percent of the award amount. The grants will be awarded prior to
September 30, 2015. The recipients will have one year to utilize the awarded
funds.

The application deadline is July 30, 2015. For additional information, see Page
34129 of the June 15, 2015 Federal Register or contact the USDA Rural
Development State Office.

President Obama's historic investments in rural America have made our rural
communities stronger. Under his leadership, these investments in housing,
community facilities, businesses and infrastructure have empowered rural America
to continue leading the way -- strengthening America's economy, small towns and
rural communities.

LOAD-DATE: May 28, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Local Government

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: MRS

                      Copyright 2015 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                       Copyright 2015 The Montrose Herald


                               9 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                         Deming Headlight (New Mexico)

                             July 14, 2015 Tuesday

Rural cooperatives can apply for grants

BYLINE: For the Headlight

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 341 words


ALBUQUERQUE, N.M. &GT;&GT; USDA Rural Development State Director Terry Brunner
announces that USDA-Rural Development is accepting applications for grants to
help rural cooperative develop. The grants are being made available to
non-profit corporations and institutions of higher education through the Rural
Cooperative Development Grant (RCDG) program.

In making the announcement that applications are being taken for this funding
program, Brunner said, "This is a great opportunity for a non-profit or schools
to use this money to help the businesses in their community grow and expand
through cooperative efforts."

The Rural Cooperative Development Grant program improves economic conditions in
rural areas by helping individuals and businesses start, expand, or improve the
operations of rural cooperatives and other mutually-owned businesses. Other
eligible grant activities may include conducting feasibility studies and
creating business and marketing plans.

USDA-Rural Development is making up to $5.8 million in grants available in
Fiscal year 2015. Up to $200,000 will be awarded for each grant. In most cases,
grants may be used to pay for up to 75 percent of a project's total costs.
Recipients are required to match 25 percent of the award amount. The grants will
be awarded prior to September 30, 2015. The recipients will have one year to
complete their grant project.

The application deadline is July 30, 2015. For additional information, please
contact Jesse Monfort Bopp, USDA-RD State Office, at 505-761-4952 or
505-761-4953 or www.rurdev.usda.gov

President Obama's plan for rural America has brought about historic investment
and resulted in stronger rural communities. Under the President's leadership,
these investments in housing, community facilities, businesses and
infrastructure have empowered rural America to continue leading the way
strengthening America's economy, small towns and rural communities. USDA's
investments in rural communities support the rural way of life that stands as
the backbone of our American values.

LOAD-DATE: July 15, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Director Terry Brunner, USDA State Rural Development

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


          Copyright 2015 Deming Headlight, a MediaNews Group Newspaper
                              All Rights Reserved


                              10 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                        The Jamestown Sun (North Dakota)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                              July 3, 2015 Friday

USDA accepting grant applications

BYLINE: The Jamestown Sun, N.D.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 315 words


July 03--Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack has announced that the U.S.
Department of Agriculture is accepting applications for grants to help rural
cooperatives develop new markets for their products and services. USDA is making
the grants available to nonprofit corporations and institutions of higher
education through the Rural Cooperative Development Grant program.

"Cooperative organizations are important catalysts for economic growth and job
creation in rural America," Vilsack said. "The lack of investment capital is
often the key factor holding many rural areas back from economic prosperity. The
investments that USDA is making available will help organizations start
cooperatives, expand existing ones, boost sales and marketing opportunities, and
help develop business opportunities in rural areas."

USDA's Rural Cooperative Development Grant program improves economic conditions
in rural areas by helping individuals and businesses start, expand or improve
the operations of rural cooperatives and other mutually-owned businesses through
cooperative development centers. Other eligible grant activities may include
conducting feasibility studies and creating business plans.

USDA is making up to $5.8 million in grants available in Fiscal Year 2015.
One-year grants up to $200,000 are available. In most cases, grants may be used
to pay for up to 75 percent of a project's total costs. Recipients are required
to match 25 percent of the award amount. The grants will be awarded prior to
Sept. 30. The recipients will have one year to utilize the awarded funds.

The application deadline is July 30. For additional information, see page 34129
of the June 15 Federal Register or contact the USDA Rural Development State
Office.

___ (c)2015 The Jamestown Sun (Jamestown, N.D.) Visit The Jamestown Sun
(Jamestown, N.D.) at www.jamestownsun.com Distributed by Tribune Content Agency,
LLC.

LOAD-DATE: July 8, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20150703-QJ-USDA-accepting-grant-applications-0703-20150703

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: QJ


                        Copyright 2015 The Jamestown Sun


                              11 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                 Walsh County Press (Park River, North Dakota)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                October 24, 2012

USDA Benefit and Cooperative funding to benefit area;
Northern Neighbors

BYLINE: Walsh County Press staff

LENGTH: 345  words


BISMARCK, N.D. More than $1.3 million in financing to support business and
cooperative development. Six recipients were awarded loans and grants to expand
rural economic activity throughout North Dakota including sites in Pembina
County.

"The utilities and intermediaries selected for funding will support projects
that will generate new jobs, build stronger economies, and create more vibrant
communities," USDA Rural Development State Director Jasper Schneider said. "By
partnering with private and public entities, we are able to have a broad,
positive impact in North Dakota."

Rural Economic Development Loan and Grant (REDLG):

Northern Plains Electric Cooperative: $740,000 loan to construct rail loop
infrastructure to the Spiritwood Energy Park near Jamestown.

Reservation Telephone Cooperative: $113, 517 grant to assist AnoVa Family Health
Clinic, Inc. establish a new healthcare clinic in Watford City.

Rural Cooperative Development Grant (RCDG):

North Dakota Association of Rural Electric Cooperatives: a $175,000 grant to
provide technical assistance in support of cooperatives and mutually-owned
businesses.

Common Enterprise Development Corporation: a S175,000 grant to assist entities
in the start-up, expansion or operational improvement of rural businesses.

Rural Business Opportunity Grant (RBOG):

Pembina County: a $50,000 grant to support the following projects: developing a
small plant in the City of Crystal, providing technical support for a rotational
molding company in the City of Neche, assisting base sector business within
Pembina County in developing a capital expenditure plan, and updating the
Pembina County strategic plan.

Red River Valley Research Corridor: a $50,000 grant will support the corridor's
Expanding Regional Innovation Ecosystem (ERIE) proposal as it seeks to diversify
and strengthen rural economies and create new opportunities by accelerating
technology adoption, business expansion and new venture formation in a 19-county
region.

Further information on these and other rural programs is available by visiting
www.rurdev.usda.gov/nd.

LOAD-DATE: March 30, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Local Government

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: WAL

                      Copyright 2012 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                       Copyright 2012 Walsh County Press


                              12 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                    Golden Valley News (Beach, North Dakota)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                October 28, 2010

USDA awards development grant to Rural Electric Cooperative

BYLINE: Golden Valley News staff

LENGTH: 155  words


BISMARCK - At the North Dakota Association of Rural Electric Cooperatives
(NDAREC) annual board meeting, USDA Rural Development State Director Jasper
Schneider awarded the association with a $225,000 grant.

The funding is being provided through USDA Rural

Development's Rural Cooperative Development Grant (RCDG) program to help create
self-sustaining, long-term economic development in rural communities.

"The RECs strive to expand economic activity in rural North Dakota by providing
quality services," said Schneider. "Rural Development's partnership with the
co-op association will help support their efforts and highlights the continued
success of the cooperative business model as a viable organizational option."

The grant will be used by the NDAREC to operate their cooperative development
center. The center will provide technical assistance in support of the
development of cooperatives and other mutually-owned rural businesses.

LOAD-DATE: August 12, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Accomplishment

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: GOV

                      Copyright 2010 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                       Copyright 2010 Golden Valley News


                              13 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           September 23, 2014 Tuesday

Rural Business-Cooperative Service: Rural Business-Cooperative Service
DC-2014-0105

LENGTH: 2525  words

DATELINE: Washington


The United States Office of Personnel Management has issued the following job
announcement:

Job Title:Management and Program Analyst

Department:Department Of Agriculture

Agency:Rural Business-Cooperative Service

Job Announcement Number:DC-2014-0105
SALARY RANGE:
 $89,924.00 to $116,901.00 / Per Year
OPEN PERIOD:
 Monday, September 22, 2014 to Thursday, October 2, 2014
SERIES & GRADE:
 GS-0343-13
POSITION INFORMATION:
 Full-Time - Permanent
PROMOTION POTENTIAL:
13
DUTY LOCATIONS:
 1 vacancy - District of Columbia, DC View Map
WHO MAY APPLY:
 Applications will be accepted from current career/career-conditional Rural
Development (RD) employees with competitive status, and USDA CTAP eligibles.
SECURITY CLEARANCE:
 Public Trust - Background Investigation
SUPERVISORY STATUS:
 No
JOB SUMMARY:

The U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA) Rural Development Agency serves rural
communities throughout the country by investing in their communities through
housing and utility infrastructure, by increasing economic opportunity, and by
improving the quality of life for all rural Americans.  Rural Development
provides over 40 loan and grant programs in the Rural Housing and Community
Facilities Services, Rural Business and Cooperative Services, and Rural
Utilities Service. Rural Development supports a positive work environment and
promotes diversity and inclusion for nearly 5,000 employees.

Rural Development is a dynamic organization recruiting for employees who possess
the energy, compassion, and commitment to serve those in rural communities and
will enjoy working in a fast paced and results driven organization.  Our
commitment is to expand economic opportunity and quality of life in all of rural
America by providing financial programs to support essential public facilities
and services such as water and sewer systems, housing, health clinics, emergency
service facilities and electric and telephone service.  Rural Development offers
a friendly and professional working environment and such excellent benefits as:
a generous salary, alternative work schedules, paid vacation and sick leave,
paid holidays, retirement and supplemental savings plan, a wide array of health,
dental, vision, and life insurance plans, flexible spending accounts, and
long-term care insurance.

This position is located in the Cooperative Services Program, Rural Development
-Business and Cooperative Programs.  The primary purpose of the position is to
perform analyses on a variety of grant programs, i.e., Value-Added Producer,
Rural Cooperative Development Grant and to develop information and establish
criteria to measure program accomplishments.

This announcement may be used to fill additional or subsequent vacancies that
are identified by the organization.
TRAVEL REQUIRED

Not Required

RELOCATION AUTHORIZED

No

KEY REQUIREMENTS

You must be a citizen or US National.
    Males born after 12/31/1959 must be registered with Selective Service.
    As a condition of employment a background investigation is required.
    A one-year probationary period is required.

DUTIES:
Back to top

Provides staff expertise for the various grant programs including analysis and
advice on industry developments.
    Implements contracts, policies/procedures for matters related to grant
processing, grant services, recipient reporting requirements and internal
management information systems.
    Participates in the training of Business and Cooperative Programs personnel
and provides advice and assistance to State offices regarding procedural or
operational changes.
    Prepares Federal Register Notices, Federal Regulations, Staff Instructions,
bulletins, policies and procedures for use by recipients and Business and
Cooperative Programs staff.
    Generates management information reports and provides specialized assistance
concerning recipient financial data and grant statistics.
    Compiles and maintains a computerized statistical database of information
regarding the grant programs.

QUALIFICATIONS REQUIRED:
Back to top

Applicants must meet all qualifications and eligibility requirements by the
closing date of the announcement including time and grade restriction and
specialized experience as defined below.

Time in Grade:  Applicants must meet one year at the next lower grade to be
considered for the next higher grade (e.g., one year at the GS-12 grade level
for consideration to the GS-13 grade level).

For GS-13 level: Applicants must meet one year specialized experience equivalent
to the GS-12 level: OR its non-Federal equivalent that demonstrates: experience
writing Government regulations such as Business Cooperative Programs, Federal
Register and Office of Management and Budget requirements for publishing
documents; experience applying program policies, grant processing procedures,
and Business and Cooperative Programs regulations as they relate to
administrative operations and management objectives; experience conducting
thorough analyses and reviews of grant documents, program data, and financial
statistics and experience presenting information orally and in writing.  There
is no education substitution for this grade level.

Note: To be considered for this position, you must meet all qualification and
eligibility requirements for the GS-0343 series set forth in the Office of
Personnel Management (OPM) Qualification Standards by the closing date of
announcement.  A copy is available at:
http://www.opm.gov/qualifications/index.asp


o  If you are newly hired, the documentation you present for purposes of
completing the Department Homeland Security (DHS) Form I-9 on your entry-on-duty
date will be verified through the DHS "E-VERIFY" system. Federal law requires
the use of E-VERIFY to confirm the employment eligibility of all new hires.
Under this system, the new hire is required to resolve any identified
discrepancies as a condition of continued employment.
o  Selectee must be able to obtain and maintain a security clearance. If
selected you may be subject to a National Agency Check and Inquiry (NACI) and a
credit report inquiry.
o  To be eligible for appointment to this position, the new hire must be cleared
to come on board once the results of the fingerprint check, review of the
OF-306, Declaration for Federal Employment, and the candidate's Electronic
Questionnaires for Investigations Processing (eQIP) entries have been reviewed
and determined to be satisfactory.  This position requires a favorable credit
check as part of the background investigation.
HOW YOU WILL BE EVALUATED:

You will be evaluated based on your qualifications for this position as
evidenced by the education, experience, and training you described in your
application package, as well as the responses to the Occupational Questionnaire
to determine the degree to which you possess the knowledge, skills, abilities
and competencies listed below:

Management Analysis
        Program Analysis
        Analytical and Evaluative
        Oral Communication
        Written Communication

We will review your application, including the online Occupational
Questionnaire, to ensure you meet the job requirements and assess your ability
to perform this job. Before any certificate can be issued to the selecting
official, the resume and supporting documents are reviewed by an HR Specialist
to ensure that (a) minimum qualification requirements are met and (b) the resume
supports the answers provided to the job-specific questions. Your answers will
be verified against information provided in your online resume and application.
Be sure that your resume clearly supports your responses to all the questions
addressing experience and education relevant to this position.
    Applicants who meet the basic minimum qualification requirements and are
determined to be among the best qualified candidates will be referred to the
hiring manager for consideration. Non-Competitive candidates need to meet
minimum qualification requirements to be referred.

Note: If, after reviewing your resume and / or supporting documentation, a
determination is made that you have inflated your qualifications and or
experience, your score can / will be lowered to more accurately reflect the
submitted documentation. Please follow all instructions carefully. Errors or
omissions may affect your rating. Deliberate attempts to falsify information may
be grounds for not selecting you.

To view the application form, visit:
https://rbcs.usda.ntis.gov/cp/?event=jobs.previewApplication&jobid=ee462395-771c
-493d-baf3-a3a400b4eeec

BENEFITS:
Back to top

You can review our benefits at:
http://www.opm.gov/healthcare-insurance/healthcare/enrollment/new-federal-employ
ee-enrollment/


OTHER INFORMATION:
o  This position is eligible for telework and other flexible work arrangements.
Employee participation is at the discretion of the supervisor.
o  Persons with disabilities who require alternative means for communication of
program information (Braille, large print, audiotape, etc) should contact: USDAs
TARGET Center at 202-720-2600 (voice and TDD).
o  BACKGROUND INVESTIGATION AND FINGERPRINT CHECK:  Selection and retention in
this position is contingent on a successfully adjudicated FBI National Criminal
History Check (fingerprint check) and a background investigation.
o  Career Transition Assistance Plan(CTAP) or Interagency Career Transition
Assistance Plan (ICTAP):   If you are claiming CTAP/ICTAP eligibility, provide
proof of eligibility to include your most recent performance appraisal, SF-50,
and proof of eligibility such as a RIF separation notice or letter from OPM/your
agency.  CTAP/ICTAP eligibles will be considered well-qualified if achieving a
rating of 85 or above.  Information about CTAP/ICTAP eligibility is on OPMs
Career Transition Resources website at http://www.opm.gov/ctap/index.asp.
HOW TO APPLY:
Back to top

Please read the entire announcement and all the instructions before you begin.
The following instructions outline our application process.

You must complete this application process and submit all required documents
electronically by 11:59 p.m. Eastern Time (ET) on the closing date of this
announcement.
    We are available to assist you during business hours normally (8:00 a.m. -
4:00 p.m., Monday - Friday). Applying online is highly encouraged. If applying
online poses a hardship, please contact our office during business hours well
before the closing date for an alternate method. All hardship application
packages with supporting documents must be submitted no later than noon on the
closing date of the announcement in order to be entered into the system prior to
its closing.
    This agency provides reasonable accommodation to applicants with
disabilities on a case-by-case basis; contact us if you are requesting this.

Step 1: Create a USAJOBS account (if you do not have one) at www.usajobs.gov. It
is recommended that as part of your profile you set up automatic email
notification to be informed when the status of your application changes. If you
choose not to set up this automatic notification, then you will have to log into
your USAJOBS account to check on the status of your application.


Step 2: Create a resume with USAJOBS or upload a resume into your USAJOBS
account. Customize your resume to ensure it documents duties and accomplishments
you have gained that are directly related to this position in order to verify
that qualifications are met. Your resume must support your responses to the
online questionnaire (you may preview the online questionnaire by clicking on
the link at the end of the How You Will Be Evaluated section of the job
announcement).

Step 3: Click "Apply Online" and follow the prompts to complete the Occupational
Questionnaire and attach any additional documents that may be required.
You can update your application or documents anytime while the announcement is
open. Log into your USAJOBS account and click on "Application Status." Click on
the position title, and then select "Update Application" to continue.
NOTE: Verify that uploaded documents from USAJOBs transfer into the Agency's
staffing system. Once in the Agency's staffing system you will have the
opportunity to upload additional documents. Uploaded documents must be less than
3MB and in one of the following document formats: GIF, JPG, JPEG, PNG, RTF, PDF,
or Word (DOC or DOCX).


REQUIRED DOCUMENTS:

A complete Application Package must be submitted and received prior to 11:59,
ET, on the closing date. The following documents are required for your
application package to be complete. Our office cannot be responsible for
incompatible software, illegible fax transmissions, delays in the mail service,
your system failure or downtime, etc. Failure to submit required, legible
documents may result in loss of consideration.

Resume that includes the following information: 1) personal information; 2)
education; 3) work experience including the work schedule and hours worked per
week as well as dates of employment; and title, series and grade if applicable;
4) supervisor's phone number and e-mail address for each work period listed and
whether or not we may contact them for reference checks; and, 5) other
qualifications.

Other required documents as applicable:

Current Career/Career-Conditional: Most recent non-award Notification of
Personnel Action (SF-50 or equivalent) showing that you are/were in the
competitive service, highest grade (or promotion potential) held on a permanent
basis, federal status, position title, series and grade AND most recently
completed performance appraisal (dated within 18 months) showing the official
rating of record, signed by the supervisor, or a statement as to why the
performance appraisal is unavailable. Do not submit a performance plan.
    CTAP: Certification of Expected Separation, Reduction-In-Force Separation
Notice, Notice of Proposed Removal, or appropriate OPM/Agency certification; AND
most recent performance evaluation; AND SF-50 demonstrating your separation or
the position from which you will be separated.

AGENCY CONTACT INFO:
Sheran Littlejohn
Phone: (202) 692-0186
Fax: (202) 692-0182
Email: sheran.littlejohn@wdc.usda.gov
Agency Information:
USDA(RBS)
1400 Independence Ave., S.W.
Washington, DC,
20250
USA
Fax: (202) 692-0182
WHAT TO EXPECT NEXT:
If you set up your USAJOBS account to send automatic email notifications, you
will receive an email acknowledging: 1) the submission of your online
Occupational Questionnaire and resume was successful,  2) if you were referred
to the selecting official for consideration, and  3) if you were selected or not
selected. If you choose not to set up automatic email notifications, you must
check your USAJOBS account for the latest status of your application. Your
application may be reviewed to verify that you meet the qualifications and
eligibility requirements for the position prior to issuing lists to a selecting
official. If further evaluation or interviews are required, you will be
contacted. Normally, a final job offer to the selected candidate is made within
30-60 days after the issuance of the certificate.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: September 24, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              14 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            June 12, 2013 Wednesday

Inviting Applications for Small Socially-Disadvantaged Producer Grants

LENGTH: 1992 words

DATELINE: Washington


Office of the Federal Register, US Government has issued the following notice:


Action

Notice.
Summary

The Rural Business--Cooperative Service announces the availability of $2,855,222
in competitive grant funds for the FY 2013 Small Socially-Disadvantaged Producer
Grants (SSDPG) program as authorized by H.R. 933. We are requesting proposals
from applicants that will provide technical assistance to small,
socially-disadvantaged agricultural producers in rural areas. Eligible
applicants include Cooperatives, Groups of Cooperatives, and Cooperative
Development Centers. The maximum award per grant is $200,000. The grant period
is limited to a one-year timeframe.

DATES: Back to Top

Completed applications for grants must be submitted on paper or electronically
according to the following deadlines:

Paper copies must be postmarked and mailed, shipped, or sent overnight no later
than July 15, 2013, to be eligible for FY 2013 grant funding. You may also hand
carry your application to one of our field offices, but it must be received by
close of business on the July 15, 2013, deadline date. Late applications will
not be eligible for FY 2013 grant funding.

Electronic copies must be received by http://www.grants.gov no later than
midnight eastern time July 10, 2013, to be eligible for FY 2013 grant funding.
Please review the Grants.gov Web site at http://grants.
gov/applicants/organization_registration.jsp for instructions on the process of
registering your organization as soon as possible to ensure you are able to meet
the electronic application deadline.

If you do not meet the deadline for submitting an electronic application, you
may hand carry or submit a paper application by the July 15, 2013, deadline as
discussed above. Late applications will not be eligible for FY 2013 grant
funding.
ADDRESSES: Back to Top

You should contact the USDA Rural Development State Office (State Office)
located in the State where you are headquartered if you have questions. You are
encouraged to contact your State Office well in advance of the application
deadline to discuss your project and ask any questions about the application
process. Program guidance as well as application templates may be obtained at
http://www.rurdev.usda.gov/BCP_SSDPG.html. If you want to submit an electronic
application, follow the instructions for the SSDPG funding announcement located
at http://www.grants.gov. If you want to submit a paper application, send it to
the State Office located in the State where you are headquartered. If you are
headquartered in Washington, DC, please contact the Office of the Deputy
Administrator, Cooperative Programs, Rural Business--Cooperative Service, at
(202) 720-7558 for guidance on where to submit your application.

Application materials for the SSDPG program may be obtained at
http://www.rurdev.usda.gov/BCP_SSDPG.html or by contacting your USDA Rural
Development State Office. Contact information for State Offices can be found at
http://www.rurdev.usda.gov/recd_map.html.
FOR FURTHER INFORMATION CONTACT: Back to Top

Office of the Deputy Administrator, Cooperative Programs, Rural Business--
Cooperative Service, United States Department of Agriculture, 1400 Independence
Avenue SW., Mail Stop-3250, Room 4016-South, Washington, DC 20250-3250, (202)
720-7558.
SUPPLEMENTARY INFORMATION: Back to Top
Overview Back to Top

Federal Agency Name: USDA Rural Business Cooperative Service.

Funding Opportunity Title: Small, Socially-Disadvantaged Producer Grant.

Announcement Type: Initial funding request.

Catalog of Federal Domestic Assistance Number: 10.771.

Dates: Application Deadline. You must submit your complete application by July
15, 2013, or it will not be considered for FY 2013 grant funding. Electronic
applications must be received by http://www.grants.gov no later than midnight
Eastern Time July 10, 2013, or it will not be considered for FY 2013 grant
funding.
I. Funding Opportunity Description Back to Top

The SSDPG Program is authorized by 310B(e) of the Consolidated Farm and Rural
Development Act (7 U.S.C. 1932). The primary objective of the SSDPG program is
to provide Technical Assistance to Small, Socially-Disadvantaged Agricultural
Producers. Grants are awarded on a competitive basis. The maximum award amount
per grant is $200,000. Grants are available for Cooperative Development Centers,
individual Cooperatives, or Groups of Cooperatives that serve
socially-disadvantaged groups and where a majority of the boards or directors or
governing board is comprised of members of socially-disadvantaged groups.
Definitions

Agency--Rural Business--Cooperative Service, an agency of the United States
Department of Agriculture (USDA) Rural Development or a successor agency.

Agricultural Commodity--An unprocessed product of farms, ranches, nurseries, and
forests. Agricultural commodities include: livestock, poultry, and fish; fruits
and vegetables; grains, such as wheat, barley, oats, rye, triticale, rice, corn,
and sorghum; legumes, such as field beans and peas; animal feed and forage
crops; seed crops; fiber crops, such as cotton; oil crops, such as safflower,
sunflower, corn, and cottonseed; trees grown for lumber and wood products;
nursery stock grown commercially; Christmas trees; ornamentals and cut flowers;
and turf grown commercially for sod. Agricultural commodities do not include
horses or animals raised as pets, such as cats, dogs, and ferrets.

Conflict of Interest--A situation in which the ability of a person or entity to
act impartially would be questionable due to competing professional or personal
interests. An example of conflict of interest occurs when the grantee's
employees, board of directors, including their immediate family, have a legal or
personal financial interest in the recipients receiving the benefits or services
of the grant. Another example of conflict of interest includes paying Small
Socially-Disadvantaged Producers to provide Technical Assistance to other Small
Socially-Disadvantaged Producers.

Cooperative--A farmer- or rancher-owned and-controlled business, organized and
chartered as a cooperative, from which benefits are derived and distributed
equitably on the basis of use by each of the farmer or rancher owners whose
primary focus is to provide assistance to Small, Socially-Disadvantaged
Agricultural Producers and where a majority of the board of directors or
governing board is comprised of individuals who are members of
socially-disadvantaged groups.

Cooperative Development Center--A nonprofit corporation or accredited
institution of higher education that is currently being operated by the grantee
for rural cooperative development and where a majority of the board of directors
or governing board is comprised of individuals who are members of
socially-disadvantaged groups. It may or may not be an independent legal entity
separate from the grantee. The Center's main objective is to assist Cooperatives
with their startup, expansion or operational improvement in order to promote
development in rural areas of services and products, processes that can be used
in the marketing of products, or enterprises that create Value-Added to farm
products through processing or marketing activities. Cooperative development
activities may include, but are not limited to, Technical Assistance, research
services, educational services and advisory services. Operational improvement
includes making the Cooperative more efficient or better managed.

Cooperative Services--The office within Rural Business-Cooperative Service, and
any successor organization, that administers programs authorized by the
Cooperative Marketing Act of 1926 (7 U.S.C. 451 et seq.) and such other programs
identified in USDA regulations.

Economic Development--The economic growth of an area as evidenced by increase in
total income, employment opportunities, decreased out-migration of population,
value of production, increased diversification of industry, higher labor force
participation rates, increased duration of employment, higher wage levels, or
gains in other measurements of economic activity, such as land values.

Feasibility Study--An analysis of the economic, market, technical, financial,
and management feasibility of a proposed Project.

Group of Cooperatives--A group of Cooperatives whose primary focus is to provide
assistance to Small, Socially-Disadvantaged Agricultural Producers and where a
majority of the board of directors or governing board is comprised of
individuals who are members of socially-disadvantaged groups.

Operating Cost--The day-to-day expenses of running a business; for example:
utilities, rent, salaries, depreciation, product production costs, marketing and
advertising, and other basic overhead items.

Project--Includes all activities to be funded by the Small
Socially-Disadvantaged Producer Grant.

Rural and Rural Area--Any area of a State:

(1) Not in a city or town that has a population of more than 50,000 inhabitants,
according to the latest decennial census of the United States; and

(2) The contiguous and adjacent urbanized area,

(3) Urbanized areas that are rural in character as defined by 7 U.S.C.
1991(a)(13), as amended by Section 6018 of the Food, Conservation, and Energy
Act of 2008, Public Law 110-246 (June 18, 2008).

(4) For the purposes of this definition, cities and towns are incorporated
population centers with definite boundaries, local self-government, and legal
powers set forth in a charter granted by the State. Notwithstanding any other
provision of this paragraph, within the areas of the County of Honolulu, Hawaii,
and the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico, the Secretary may designate any part of the
areas as a rural area if the Secretary determines that the part is not urban in
character, other than any area included in the Honolulu census designated place
(CDP) or the San Juan CDP.

Rural Development--A mission area within USDA consisting of the Office of Under
Secretary for Rural Development, Rural Business-Cooperative Services, Rural
Housing Service, and Rural Utilities Service and any successors.

Small, Socially-Disadvantaged Producer--Socially-Disadvantaged persons including
farmers, ranchers, loggers, agricultural harvesters, and fishermen, that have
averaged $250,000 or less in annual gross sales of agricultural products in the
last 3 years.

Socially-Disadvantaged Producer--Individual agricultural producer who is a
member of a group whose members have been subjected to racial, ethnic or gender
prejudice, without regard for their individual qualities.

State--Includes each of the 50 states, the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico, the
Virgin Islands of the United States, Guam, American Samoa, the Commonwealth of
the Northern Mariana Islands, and, as may be determined by the Secretary to be
feasible, appropriate and lawful, the Federated States of Micronesia, the
Republic of the Marshall Islands and the Republic of Palau.

Technical Assistance--An advisory service performed for the benefit of a Small,
Socially-Disadvantaged Producer such as market research; product and/or service
improvement; legal advice and assistance; Feasibility Study, business plan, and
marketing plan development; and training. Technical Assistance does not include
the Operating Costs of a cooperative being assisted.

Value-Added--The incremental value that is realized by the producer from an
agricultural commodity or product as the result of a change in its physical
state, differentiated production or marketing, as demonstrated in a business
plan, or product segregation. Incremental value may be realized by the producer
as a result of either an increase in value to buyers or the expansion of the
overall market for the product. Examples include milling wheat into flour,
slaughtering livestock or poultry, making strawberries into jam, and marketing
of organic products.
II. Award Information Back to Top

Type of Award: Grant.

Fiscal Year Funds: FY 2013.

Total Funding:$2,855,222.

Maximum Award:$200,000.

Project Period: 1 year.

Anticipated Award

LOAD-DATE: June 13, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              15 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                            Newton Daily News, Iowa

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                             August 3, 2015 Monday

Rural Iowa gets $4.9M boost to help with economic development

BYLINE: Newton Daily News, Iowa

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 460 words


Aug. 03--DES MONIES -- Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack earlier this week
announced loans and grants for 92 projects worth $18.1 million to help support
the start-up or expansion of rural small businesses. These funds are part of
more than 20,000 grants and loans to more than 85,000 rural businesses USDA's
Rural Business-Cooperative Service has awarded since the start of the Obama
administration.

"I am proud of the work USDA has done to help small businesses grow in rural
America because they are the engine that creates jobs," Vilsack said. "These
funds will allow small and emerging businesses and the organizations that
support them to get the financing they need to strengthen their operations,
create jobs and expand economic opportunities. Thanks to the 2014 Farm Bill, we
can continue this work in a more streamlined and efficient way to benefit small
businesses and the American taxpayer."

USDA is awarding the funds through the Rural Economic Development Loan and Grant
(REDLG) program, the Intermediary Relending Program (IRP) and the Rural Business
Development Grant (RBDG) program.

USDA provides grants or zero-interest loans through the REDLG program to
utilities that in turn fund projects to create and retain employment in rural
areas.

Vilsack announced $11.7 million in REDLG loans and grants for 18 recipients.

Projects in Iowa include:

Central Iowa Power Cooperative -- $2,000,000 loan to expand Co-Line Welding.

Orange City Municipal Electric Utility -- $1,760,000 loan to help Orange City
Area Health Foundation expand its retirement community.

Western Iowa Power Cooperative -- $250,000 grant to help Burgess Health Center
construct a medically oriented gym.

Minburn Telephone Company -- $300,000 grant to create a revolving loan fund.

North West Rural Electric Cooperative -- $300,000 grant to renovate Hawarden
Community

Hospital City of Pocahontas -- $300,000 grant to renovate an elementary school.

The funding for awardees is contingent upon the recipients meeting the terms of
the loan and grant agreements.

USDA Rural Development's funding continues to have a dramatic impact on rural
communities across Iowa. Since 2009, USDA Rural Development has invested more
than $3 billion on essential public facilities, small and emerging businesses,
water and sewer systems, and housing opportunities for Iowa families.

This past year USDA Rural Development's investment in Iowa helped create or
retain more than 1,000 jobs, aided 2,400 families in buying their own homes and
assisted more than 50 communities as they made improvements to their facilities,
services and infrastructure.

___ (c)2015 the Newton Daily News (Newton, Iowa) Visit the Newton Daily News
(Newton, Iowa) at www.newtondailynews.com Distributed by Tribune Content Agency,
LLC.

LOAD-DATE: August 4, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20150803-1NI-Rural-Iowa-gets-4.9M-boost-to-help-with-economic-
development-0803-20150803

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1NI


                     Copyright 2015 Newton Daily News, Iowa


                              16 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           September 22, 2014 Monday

Rural Business-Cooperative Service: Management and Program Analyst DC-2014-0105

LENGTH: 2525  words

DATELINE: Washington


The United States Office of Personnel Management has issued the following job
announcement:

Job Title:Management and Program Analyst

Department:Department Of Agriculture

Agency:Rural Business-Cooperative Service

Job Announcement Number:DC-2014-0105
SALARY RANGE:
 $89,924.00 to $116,901.00 / Per Year
OPEN PERIOD:
 Monday, September 22, 2014 to Thursday, October 2, 2014
SERIES & GRADE:
 GS-0343-13
POSITION INFORMATION:
 Full-Time - Permanent
PROMOTION POTENTIAL:
13
DUTY LOCATIONS:
 1 vacancy - District of Columbia, DC View Map
WHO MAY APPLY:
 Applications will be accepted from current career/career-conditional Rural
Development (RD) employees with competitive status, and USDA CTAP eligibles.
SECURITY CLEARANCE:
 Public Trust - Background Investigation
SUPERVISORY STATUS:
 No
JOB SUMMARY:

The U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA) Rural Development Agency serves rural
communities throughout the country by investing in their communities through
housing and utility infrastructure, by increasing economic opportunity, and by
improving the quality of life for all rural Americans.  Rural Development
provides over 40 loan and grant programs in the Rural Housing and Community
Facilities Services, Rural Business and Cooperative Services, and Rural
Utilities Service. Rural Development supports a positive work environment and
promotes diversity and inclusion for nearly 5,000 employees.

Rural Development is a dynamic organization recruiting for employees who possess
the energy, compassion, and commitment to serve those in rural communities and
will enjoy working in a fast paced and results driven organization.  Our
commitment is to expand economic opportunity and quality of life in all of rural
America by providing financial programs to support essential public facilities
and services such as water and sewer systems, housing, health clinics, emergency
service facilities and electric and telephone service.  Rural Development offers
a friendly and professional working environment and such excellent benefits as:
a generous salary, alternative work schedules, paid vacation and sick leave,
paid holidays, retirement and supplemental savings plan, a wide array of health,
dental, vision, and life insurance plans, flexible spending accounts, and
long-term care insurance.

This position is located in the Cooperative Services Program, Rural Development
-Business and Cooperative Programs.  The primary purpose of the position is to
perform analyses on a variety of grant programs, i.e., Value-Added Producer,
Rural Cooperative Development Grant and to develop information and establish
criteria to measure program accomplishments.

This announcement may be used to fill additional or subsequent vacancies that
are identified by the organization.
TRAVEL REQUIRED

Not Required

RELOCATION AUTHORIZED

No

KEY REQUIREMENTS

You must be a citizen or US National.
    Males born after 12/31/1959 must be registered with Selective Service.
    As a condition of employment a background investigation is required.
    A one-year probationary period is required.

DUTIES:
Back to top

Provides staff expertise for the various grant programs including analysis and
advice on industry developments.
    Implements contracts, policies/procedures for matters related to grant
processing, grant services, recipient reporting requirements and internal
management information systems.
    Participates in the training of Business and Cooperative Programs personnel
and provides advice and assistance to State offices regarding procedural or
operational changes.
    Prepares Federal Register Notices, Federal Regulations, Staff Instructions,
bulletins, policies and procedures for use by recipients and Business and
Cooperative Programs staff.
    Generates management information reports and provides specialized assistance
concerning recipient financial data and grant statistics.
    Compiles and maintains a computerized statistical database of information
regarding the grant programs.

QUALIFICATIONS REQUIRED:
Back to top

Applicants must meet all qualifications and eligibility requirements by the
closing date of the announcement including time and grade restriction and
specialized experience as defined below.

Time in Grade:  Applicants must meet one year at the next lower grade to be
considered for the next higher grade (e.g., one year at the GS-12 grade level
for consideration to the GS-13 grade level).

For GS-13 level: Applicants must meet one year specialized experience equivalent
to the GS-12 level: OR its non-Federal equivalent that demonstrates: experience
writing Government regulations such as Business Cooperative Programs, Federal
Register and Office of Management and Budget requirements for publishing
documents; experience applying program policies, grant processing procedures,
and Business and Cooperative Programs regulations as they relate to
administrative operations and management objectives; experience conducting
thorough analyses and reviews of grant documents, program data, and financial
statistics and experience presenting information orally and in writing.  There
is no education substitution for this grade level.

Note: To be considered for this position, you must meet all qualification and
eligibility requirements for the GS-0343 series set forth in the Office of
Personnel Management (OPM) Qualification Standards by the closing date of
announcement.  A copy is available at:
http://www.opm.gov/qualifications/index.asp


o  If you are newly hired, the documentation you present for purposes of
completing the Department Homeland Security (DHS) Form I-9 on your entry-on-duty
date will be verified through the DHS "E-VERIFY" system. Federal law requires
the use of E-VERIFY to confirm the employment eligibility of all new hires.
Under this system, the new hire is required to resolve any identified
discrepancies as a condition of continued employment.
o  Selectee must be able to obtain and maintain a security clearance. If
selected you may be subject to a National Agency Check and Inquiry (NACI) and a
credit report inquiry.
o  To be eligible for appointment to this position, the new hire must be cleared
to come on board once the results of the fingerprint check, review of the
OF-306, Declaration for Federal Employment, and the candidate's Electronic
Questionnaires for Investigations Processing (eQIP) entries have been reviewed
and determined to be satisfactory.  This position requires a favorable credit
check as part of the background investigation.
HOW YOU WILL BE EVALUATED:

You will be evaluated based on your qualifications for this position as
evidenced by the education, experience, and training you described in your
application package, as well as the responses to the Occupational Questionnaire
to determine the degree to which you possess the knowledge, skills, abilities
and competencies listed below:

Management Analysis
        Program Analysis
        Analytical and Evaluative
        Oral Communication
        Written Communication

We will review your application, including the online Occupational
Questionnaire, to ensure you meet the job requirements and assess your ability
to perform this job. Before any certificate can be issued to the selecting
official, the resume and supporting documents are reviewed by an HR Specialist
to ensure that (a) minimum qualification requirements are met and (b) the resume
supports the answers provided to the job-specific questions. Your answers will
be verified against information provided in your online resume and application.
Be sure that your resume clearly supports your responses to all the questions
addressing experience and education relevant to this position.
    Applicants who meet the basic minimum qualification requirements and are
determined to be among the best qualified candidates will be referred to the
hiring manager for consideration. Non-Competitive candidates need to meet
minimum qualification requirements to be referred.

Note: If, after reviewing your resume and / or supporting documentation, a
determination is made that you have inflated your qualifications and or
experience, your score can / will be lowered to more accurately reflect the
submitted documentation. Please follow all instructions carefully. Errors or
omissions may affect your rating. Deliberate attempts to falsify information may
be grounds for not selecting you.

To view the application form, visit:
https://rbcs.usda.ntis.gov/cp/?event=jobs.previewApplication&jobid=ee462395-771c
-493d-baf3-a3a400b4eeec

BENEFITS:
Back to top

You can review our benefits at:
http://www.opm.gov/healthcare-insurance/healthcare/enrollment/new-federal-employ
ee-enrollment/


OTHER INFORMATION:
o  This position is eligible for telework and other flexible work arrangements.
Employee participation is at the discretion of the supervisor.
o  Persons with disabilities who require alternative means for communication of
program information (Braille, large print, audiotape, etc) should contact: USDAs
TARGET Center at 202-720-2600 (voice and TDD).
o  BACKGROUND INVESTIGATION AND FINGERPRINT CHECK:  Selection and retention in
this position is contingent on a successfully adjudicated FBI National Criminal
History Check (fingerprint check) and a background investigation.
o  Career Transition Assistance Plan(CTAP) or Interagency Career Transition
Assistance Plan (ICTAP):   If you are claiming CTAP/ICTAP eligibility, provide
proof of eligibility to include your most recent performance appraisal, SF-50,
and proof of eligibility such as a RIF separation notice or letter from OPM/your
agency.  CTAP/ICTAP eligibles will be considered well-qualified if achieving a
rating of 85 or above.  Information about CTAP/ICTAP eligibility is on OPMs
Career Transition Resources website at http://www.opm.gov/ctap/index.asp.
HOW TO APPLY:
Back to top

Please read the entire announcement and all the instructions before you begin.
The following instructions outline our application process.

You must complete this application process and submit all required documents
electronically by 11:59 p.m. Eastern Time (ET) on the closing date of this
announcement.
    We are available to assist you during business hours normally (8:00 a.m. -
4:00 p.m., Monday - Friday). Applying online is highly encouraged. If applying
online poses a hardship, please contact our office during business hours well
before the closing date for an alternate method. All hardship application
packages with supporting documents must be submitted no later than noon on the
closing date of the announcement in order to be entered into the system prior to
its closing.
    This agency provides reasonable accommodation to applicants with
disabilities on a case-by-case basis; contact us if you are requesting this.

Step 1: Create a USAJOBS account (if you do not have one) at www.usajobs.gov. It
is recommended that as part of your profile you set up automatic email
notification to be informed when the status of your application changes. If you
choose not to set up this automatic notification, then you will have to log into
your USAJOBS account to check on the status of your application.


Step 2: Create a resume with USAJOBS or upload a resume into your USAJOBS
account. Customize your resume to ensure it documents duties and accomplishments
you have gained that are directly related to this position in order to verify
that qualifications are met. Your resume must support your responses to the
online questionnaire (you may preview the online questionnaire by clicking on
the link at the end of the How You Will Be Evaluated section of the job
announcement).

Step 3: Click "Apply Online" and follow the prompts to complete the Occupational
Questionnaire and attach any additional documents that may be required.
You can update your application or documents anytime while the announcement is
open. Log into your USAJOBS account and click on "Application Status." Click on
the position title, and then select "Update Application" to continue.
NOTE: Verify that uploaded documents from USAJOBs transfer into the Agency's
staffing system. Once in the Agency's staffing system you will have the
opportunity to upload additional documents. Uploaded documents must be less than
3MB and in one of the following document formats: GIF, JPG, JPEG, PNG, RTF, PDF,
or Word (DOC or DOCX).


REQUIRED DOCUMENTS:

A complete Application Package must be submitted and received prior to 11:59,
ET, on the closing date. The following documents are required for your
application package to be complete. Our office cannot be responsible for
incompatible software, illegible fax transmissions, delays in the mail service,
your system failure or downtime, etc. Failure to submit required, legible
documents may result in loss of consideration.

Resume that includes the following information: 1) personal information; 2)
education; 3) work experience including the work schedule and hours worked per
week as well as dates of employment; and title, series and grade if applicable;
4) supervisor's phone number and e-mail address for each work period listed and
whether or not we may contact them for reference checks; and, 5) other
qualifications.

Other required documents as applicable:

Current Career/Career-Conditional: Most recent non-award Notification of
Personnel Action (SF-50 or equivalent) showing that you are/were in the
competitive service, highest grade (or promotion potential) held on a permanent
basis, federal status, position title, series and grade AND most recently
completed performance appraisal (dated within 18 months) showing the official
rating of record, signed by the supervisor, or a statement as to why the
performance appraisal is unavailable. Do not submit a performance plan.
    CTAP: Certification of Expected Separation, Reduction-In-Force Separation
Notice, Notice of Proposed Removal, or appropriate OPM/Agency certification; AND
most recent performance evaluation; AND SF-50 demonstrating your separation or
the position from which you will be separated.

AGENCY CONTACT INFO:
Sheran Littlejohn
Phone: (202) 692-0186
Fax: (202) 692-0182
Email: sheran.littlejohn@wdc.usda.gov
Agency Information:
USDA(RBS)
1400 Independence Ave., S.W.
Washington, DC,
20250
USA
Fax: (202) 692-0182
WHAT TO EXPECT NEXT:
If you set up your USAJOBS account to send automatic email notifications, you
will receive an email acknowledging: 1) the submission of your online
Occupational Questionnaire and resume was successful,  2) if you were referred
to the selecting official for consideration, and  3) if you were selected or not
selected. If you choose not to set up automatic email notifications, you must
check your USAJOBS account for the latest status of your application. Your
application may be reviewed to verify that you meet the qualifications and
eligibility requirements for the position prior to issuing lists to a selecting
official. If further evaluation or interviews are required, you will be
contacted. Normally, a final job offer to the selected candidate is made within
30-60 days after the issuance of the certificate.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: September 22, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              17 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             June 16, 2015 Tuesday

Funding Availability: Rural Cooperative Development Grants

LENGTH: 566  words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON, DC


This Notice document was issued by the Rural Business Cooperative Service (RBS)

Action

Notice.
Summary

This Notice announces that the Rural Business-Cooperative Service (Agency) is
accepting fiscal year (FY) 2015 applications for the Rural Cooperative
Development Grant (RCDG) program as authorized by the Consolidated and Further
Continuing Appropriations Act of 2015 (Pub. L. 113-235). Approximately $5.8
million is available to be competitively awarded. The purpose of this program is
to provide financial assistance to improve the economic condition of rural areas
through cooperative development. Eligible applicants include a non-profit
corporation or an institution of higher education. The Agency is encouraging
applications that direct grants to projects based in or serving census tracts
with poverty rates greater than or equal to 20 percent. This emphasis will
support Rural Development's (RD) mission of improving the quality of life for
Rural Americans and its commitment to directing resources to those who most need
them.
Dates

Completed applications must be submitted on paper or electronically according to
the following deadlines:

Paper applications must be postmarked and mailed, shipped, or sent overnight no
later than July 30, 2015. You may also hand carry your application to one of our
field offices, but it must be received by close of business on the deadline
date. Late applications are not eligible for funding under this Notice and will
not be evaluated.

Electronic applications must be received by July 27, 2015 to be eligible for
grant funding. Please review the Grants.gov Web site at http://grants.
gov/applicants/organization_registration.jsp. For instructions on the process of
registering your organization as soon as possible to ensure you are able to meet
the electronic application deadline. Late applications are not eligible for
funding under this Notice and will not be evaluated.
Addresses

You should contact a USDA Rural Development State Office (State Office) if you
have questions. You are encouraged to contact your State Office well in advance
of the application deadline to discuss your project and ask any questions about
the application process. Contact information for State Offices can be found at
http://www.rurdev.usda.gov/StateOfficeAddresses.html.

Program guidance as well as application and matching funds templates may be
obtained at http://www.rurdev.usda.gov/bcp_rcdg.html. If you want to submit an
electronic application, follow the instructions for the RCDG funding
announcement located at http://www.grants.gov. If you want to submit a paper
application, send it to the State Office located in the State where you are
headquartered. If you are headquartered in Washington, DC please contact the
Grants Division, Cooperative Programs, Rural Business-Cooperative Service, at
(202) 690-1376 for guidance on where to submit your application.
For Further Information Contact

Grants Division, Cooperative Programs, Rural Business-Cooperative Service,
United States Department of Agriculture, 1400 Independence Avenue SW., Mail Stop
Mail Stop-3253, Room 4208--South, Washington, DC 20250-3253, (202) 690-1374.
Supplementary Information
Overview

Federal Agency: Rural Business-Cooperative Service.

Funding Opportunity Title: Rural Cooperative Development Grants.

Announcement Type: Initial funding request.

Catalog of Federal Domestic Assistance Number: 10.771.

LOAD-DATE: June 16, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              18 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            October 4, 2016 Tuesday

Washington: USDA Announces Support for Rural Cooperative Businesses and
Organizations

LENGTH: 905  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: United States Department of Agriculture has issued the following
news release:



 Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack today announced that USDA is awarding 29
grants totaling $5.8 million to help rural cooperatives create jobs and support
business expansion. The funds are being provided through the Rural Cooperative
Development Grant (RCDG) program, which helps fund non-profit groups, such as
rural cooperative development centers and higher education institutions.





 "America's rural communities have incredible potential to create jobs and
expand economic opportunities," Vilsack said. "Many rural businesses and
organizations are succeeding under the cooperative business model, and with
access to additional resources, they can boost job creation and create an
environment where more products are made in rural America. The funding USDA is
announcing today will provide the critical training and technical assistance
rural cooperatives and non-profit groups need to help strengthen America's 'Main
Street' businesses."



 Development centers can use RCDG funds for feasibility studies, strategic
planning, leadership and operations training, and business plan development.
Recipients are required to contribute matching funds that equal 25 percent of
total project costs.



 Sam Rikkers, Administrator of USDA's Rural Business-Cooperative Service,
announced the 29 awardees on Vilsack's behalf during a visit today to the Ohio
Cooperative Development Center (OCDC) at Ohio State University's South Centers
campus in Piketon. OCDC is receiving a $199,984 grant to help businesses and
individuals in rural Ohio and West Virginia explore cooperative opportunities in
several industries, including energy and wood products.



 The Center also will provide a seed grant program to develop and expand
cooperatives. It hopes to assist 20 businesses and eight start-ups. These
efforts are projected to create or save 40 jobs. The Center has provided more
than 2,900 hours of technical assistance since 2011, creating 194 jobs and
retaining 229.



 The Texas Rural Cooperative Center (TRCC) at The University of Texas-Rio Grande
Valley is receiving a $199,393 grant to help start, expand and improve
cooperatives and mutually-owned businesses in Texas and New Mexico. The Center
is located in the South Texas city of Edinburg in Hidalgo County, one of the
poorest in the United States. It serves a 33-county region that contains more
than 1 million poor people and the largest number of impoverished rural colonias
in the nation. The area receives additional assistance through USDA's
StrikeForce for Rural Growth and Opportunity initiative. Through StrikeForce,
USDA staff work with state, local and community officials to increase awareness
of USDA programs and help build program participation through intensive
community outreach and technical assistance.



 Today's announcement is part of USDA's observance of National Cooperative
Month. Each year in October, the Department highlights the economic impact and
innovation of cooperative businesses, particularly in rural communities.



 Projects in 22 states are receiving RCDG funding. Funding for each project
announced today is contingent upon the recipient meeting the terms of the grant
agreement.



 Several of the grants support technical assistance to strengthen local and
regional food systems. Over the course of the Obama Administration, USDA has
invested close to $1 billion in 40,000 local food-related projects on farms and
in communities across the country. USDA's Know Your Farmer, Know Your Food
(KYF2) Initiative coordinates the Department's work to develop strong local and
regional food systems. Please view the KYF2 website and use the KYF2 Compass to
locate USDA investments in your community. More information on how USDA
investments are connecting producers with consumers and expanding rural economic
opportunities is available in Chapter IV of USDA Results on MediumThis is an
external link or third-party site outside of the United States Department of
Agriculture (USDA) website..



 USDA has provided $50.5 million for 257 cooperative grants for projects
nationwide since the start of the Obama Administration. This funding has helped
more than 4,700 businesses. In Fiscal Year 2015, Oregon's Community and Shelter
Assistance Corporation received a $200,000 RCDG grant to provide technical
assistance and training to seven manufactured housing cooperatives. The funds
helped owners of manufactured dwellings form non-profit cooperatives to convert
their parks from investor-owned into resident-owned, creating safe and
affordable dwellings, and stabilized communities.



 Since 2009, USDA Rural Development (@USDARDThis is an external link or
third-party site outside of the United States Department of Agriculture (USDA)
website.) has invested nearly $13 billion to start or expand nearly 112,000
rural businesses; helped bring high-speed Internet access to nearly 6 million
rural residents and businesses; helped 1.1 million rural residents buy homes;
and funded nearly 9,200 community facilities such as schools, public safety and
health care facilities. USDA also has invested $31.3 billion in 963 electric
projects that have financed more than 185,000 miles of transmission and
distribution lines serving 4.6 million rural residents.





 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:

 editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 4, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              19 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            October 4, 2016 Tuesday

Washington: USDA Announces Support for Rural Cooperative Businesses and
Organizations

LENGTH: 905  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: United States Department of Agriculture has issued the following
news release:



 Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack today announced that USDA is awarding 29
grants totaling $5.8 million to help rural cooperatives create jobs and support
business expansion. The funds are being provided through the Rural Cooperative
Development Grant (RCDG) program, which helps fund non-profit groups, such as
rural cooperative development centers and higher education institutions.





 "America's rural communities have incredible potential to create jobs and
expand economic opportunities," Vilsack said. "Many rural businesses and
organizations are succeeding under the cooperative business model, and with
access to additional resources, they can boost job creation and create an
environment where more products are made in rural America. The funding USDA is
announcing today will provide the critical training and technical assistance
rural cooperatives and non-profit groups need to help strengthen America's 'Main
Street' businesses."



 Development centers can use RCDG funds for feasibility studies, strategic
planning, leadership and operations training, and business plan development.
Recipients are required to contribute matching funds that equal 25 percent of
total project costs.



 Sam Rikkers, Administrator of USDA's Rural Business-Cooperative Service,
announced the 29 awardees on Vilsack's behalf during a visit today to the Ohio
Cooperative Development Center (OCDC) at Ohio State University's South Centers
campus in Piketon. OCDC is receiving a $199,984 grant to help businesses and
individuals in rural Ohio and West Virginia explore cooperative opportunities in
several industries, including energy and wood products.



 The Center also will provide a seed grant program to develop and expand
cooperatives. It hopes to assist 20 businesses and eight start-ups. These
efforts are projected to create or save 40 jobs. The Center has provided more
than 2,900 hours of technical assistance since 2011, creating 194 jobs and
retaining 229.



 The Texas Rural Cooperative Center (TRCC) at The University of Texas-Rio Grande
Valley is receiving a $199,393 grant to help start, expand and improve
cooperatives and mutually-owned businesses in Texas and New Mexico. The Center
is located in the South Texas city of Edinburg in Hidalgo County, one of the
poorest in the United States. It serves a 33-county region that contains more
than 1 million poor people and the largest number of impoverished rural colonias
in the nation. The area receives additional assistance through USDA's
StrikeForce for Rural Growth and Opportunity initiative. Through StrikeForce,
USDA staff work with state, local and community officials to increase awareness
of USDA programs and help build program participation through intensive
community outreach and technical assistance.



 Today's announcement is part of USDA's observance of National Cooperative
Month. Each year in October, the Department highlights the economic impact and
innovation of cooperative businesses, particularly in rural communities.



 Projects in 22 states are receiving RCDG funding. Funding for each project
announced today is contingent upon the recipient meeting the terms of the grant
agreement.



 Several of the grants support technical assistance to strengthen local and
regional food systems. Over the course of the Obama Administration, USDA has
invested close to $1 billion in 40,000 local food-related projects on farms and
in communities across the country. USDA's Know Your Farmer, Know Your Food
(KYF2) Initiative coordinates the Department's work to develop strong local and
regional food systems. Please view the KYF2 website and use the KYF2 Compass to
locate USDA investments in your community. More information on how USDA
investments are connecting producers with consumers and expanding rural economic
opportunities is available in Chapter IV of USDA Results on MediumThis is an
external link or third-party site outside of the United States Department of
Agriculture (USDA) website..



 USDA has provided $50.5 million for 257 cooperative grants for projects
nationwide since the start of the Obama Administration. This funding has helped
more than 4,700 businesses. In Fiscal Year 2015, Oregon's Community and Shelter
Assistance Corporation received a $200,000 RCDG grant to provide technical
assistance and training to seven manufactured housing cooperatives. The funds
helped owners of manufactured dwellings form non-profit cooperatives to convert
their parks from investor-owned into resident-owned, creating safe and
affordable dwellings, and stabilized communities.



 Since 2009, USDA Rural Development (@USDARDThis is an external link or
third-party site outside of the United States Department of Agriculture (USDA)
website.) has invested nearly $13 billion to start or expand nearly 112,000
rural businesses; helped bring high-speed Internet access to nearly 6 million
rural residents and businesses; helped 1.1 million rural residents buy homes;
and funded nearly 9,200 community facilities such as schools, public safety and
health care facilities. USDA also has invested $31.3 billion in 963 electric
projects that have financed more than 185,000 miles of transmission and
distribution lines serving 4.6 million rural residents.





 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:

 editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 5, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              20 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                   Mouse River Journal (Towner, North Dakota)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                October 21, 2015

USDA grants to assist Rural Economic Development

BYLINE: Mouse River Journal staff

LENGTH: 198  words


Mandan. N.D.-Ryan Taylor, USDA Rural Development state director, announced today
that Common Enterprise Development Corporation (CEDC) and the North Dakota
Association of Rural Electric Cooperatives (NDaREC) were selected to each
receive a $200,000 grant. The funding will be used to help rural cooperatives
and small businesses expand, create jobs and strengthen their capacity to serve
residents and communities.

"The cooperative business model is responsive to community needs and is
successful in stimulating local economic growth," Taylor said. "As we celebrate
October as National Cooperative Month, I am pleased to announce our support of
both the CEDC and NDaREC efforts."

The funds are being provided through the Rural Cooperative Development Grant
program, which helps finance non-profit groups, such as rural cooperative
development centers and higher education institutions. These competitively
awarded grants may be used to conduct feasibility studies, offer leadership and
operations training, create and implement business plans, and help businesses
develop new markets for their products and services.

For more information on USDA programs, please visit http://www.rd.usda.gov/nd.

LOAD-DATE: July 17, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Economy

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: MSE

                      Copyright 2015 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                       Copyright 2015 Mouse River Journal


                              21 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            August 4, 2016 Thursday

FEDERAL REGISTER: Notice of Request for Extension of a Currently Approved
Information Collection Pages 51430 - 51430 [FR DOC # 2016-18497]

LENGTH: 630  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: Office of the Federal Register has issued the following notice:



 DEPARTMENT OF AGRICULTURE Rural Business-Cooperative Service Notice of Request
for Extension of a Currently Approved Information Collection AGENCY: Rural
Business-Cooperative Service, USDA ACTION: Proposed collection, comments
requested.
----------------------------------------------------------------------- SUMMARY:
In accordance with the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995, this notice announces
the Rural Business-Cooperative Service's (RBS) intention to request an extension
for a currently approved information collection in support of the Rural
Cooperative Development Grants program.

DATES: Comments on this notice must be received by October 3, 2016 to be assured
of consideration. FOR FURTHER INFORMATION CONTACT: Susan Horst, Management and
Program Analyst, Cooperative Services, Rural Business-Cooperative Service, U.S.
Department of Agriculture, Stop 3250, Room 4214, South Agriculture Building,
1400 Independence Avenue SW., Washington, DC 20250-3250. Telephone (202)
260-5952. SUPPLEMENTARY INFORMATION: Title: Rural Cooperative Development
Grants. OMB Number: 0570-0006. Expiration Date of Approval: December 31, 2016.
Type of Request: Intent to extend the clearance for collection of information
under RD Instruction 4284-F, Rural Cooperative Development Grants. Abstract: The
primary purpose of the RBS is to promote understanding, use, and development of
the cooperative form of business as a viable option for enhancing the income of
agricultural producers and other rural residents. The primary objective of the
Rural Cooperative Development Grants program is to improve the economic
condition of rural areas through cooperative development. Grants will be awarded
on a competitive basis to nonprofit corporations and institutions of higher
education based on specific selection criteria. Estimate of Burden: Public
reporting burden for this collection of information is estimated to average 15
minutes to 80 hours per response. Respondents: Nonprofit corporations and
institutions of higher education. Estimated Number of Respondents: 55. Estimated
Number of Responses per Respondent: 8.4. Estimated Number of Responses: 462.
Estimated Total Annual Burden on Respondents: 6,182 hours. Copies of this
information collection can be obtained from Jeanne Jacobs, Regulations and
Paperwork Management Branch, at (202) 692-0040. Comments: Comments are invited
on: (a) Whether the proposed collection of information is necessary for the
proper performance of RBS functions, including whether the information will have
practical utility; (b) the accuracy of RBS' estimate of the burden of the
proposed collection of information, including the validity of the methodology
and assumptions used; (c) ways to enhance the quality, utility, and clarity of
the information to be collected; and (d) ways to minimize the burden of the
collection of information on those who are to respond, including through the use
of appropriate automated, electronic, mechanical, or other technological
collection techniques or other forms of information technology. Comments may be
sent to Jeanne Jacobs, Regulations and Paperwork Management Branch, U.S.
Department of Agriculture, Rural Development, Stop 0742, 1400 Independence
Avenue SW., Washington, DC 20250. All responses to this notice will be
summarized and included in the request for Office of Management and Budget
approval. All comments will also become a matter of public record. Dated: July
21, 2016. Samuel H. Rikkers, Administrator, Rural Business-Cooperative Service.
[FR Doc. 2016-18497 Filed 8-3-16; 8:45 am] BILLING CODE P



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: August 5, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              22 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            August 4, 2016 Thursday

FEDERAL REGISTER: Notice of Request for Extension of a Currently Approved
Information Collection Pages 51430 - 51430 [FR DOC # 2016-18497]

LENGTH: 630  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: Office of the Federal Register has issued the following notice:



 DEPARTMENT OF AGRICULTURE Rural Business-Cooperative Service Notice of Request
for Extension of a Currently Approved Information Collection AGENCY: Rural
Business-Cooperative Service, USDA ACTION: Proposed collection, comments
requested.
----------------------------------------------------------------------- SUMMARY:
In accordance with the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995, this notice announces
the Rural Business-Cooperative Service's (RBS) intention to request an extension
for a currently approved information collection in support of the Rural
Cooperative Development Grants program.

DATES: Comments on this notice must be received by October 3, 2016 to be assured
of consideration. FOR FURTHER INFORMATION CONTACT: Susan Horst, Management and
Program Analyst, Cooperative Services, Rural Business-Cooperative Service, U.S.
Department of Agriculture, Stop 3250, Room 4214, South Agriculture Building,
1400 Independence Avenue SW., Washington, DC 20250-3250. Telephone (202)
260-5952. SUPPLEMENTARY INFORMATION: Title: Rural Cooperative Development
Grants. OMB Number: 0570-0006. Expiration Date of Approval: December 31, 2016.
Type of Request: Intent to extend the clearance for collection of information
under RD Instruction 4284-F, Rural Cooperative Development Grants. Abstract: The
primary purpose of the RBS is to promote understanding, use, and development of
the cooperative form of business as a viable option for enhancing the income of
agricultural producers and other rural residents. The primary objective of the
Rural Cooperative Development Grants program is to improve the economic
condition of rural areas through cooperative development. Grants will be awarded
on a competitive basis to nonprofit corporations and institutions of higher
education based on specific selection criteria. Estimate of Burden: Public
reporting burden for this collection of information is estimated to average 15
minutes to 80 hours per response. Respondents: Nonprofit corporations and
institutions of higher education. Estimated Number of Respondents: 55. Estimated
Number of Responses per Respondent: 8.4. Estimated Number of Responses: 462.
Estimated Total Annual Burden on Respondents: 6,182 hours. Copies of this
information collection can be obtained from Jeanne Jacobs, Regulations and
Paperwork Management Branch, at (202) 692-0040. Comments: Comments are invited
on: (a) Whether the proposed collection of information is necessary for the
proper performance of RBS functions, including whether the information will have
practical utility; (b) the accuracy of RBS' estimate of the burden of the
proposed collection of information, including the validity of the methodology
and assumptions used; (c) ways to enhance the quality, utility, and clarity of
the information to be collected; and (d) ways to minimize the burden of the
collection of information on those who are to respond, including through the use
of appropriate automated, electronic, mechanical, or other technological
collection techniques or other forms of information technology. Comments may be
sent to Jeanne Jacobs, Regulations and Paperwork Management Branch, U.S.
Department of Agriculture, Rural Development, Stop 0742, 1400 Independence
Avenue SW., Washington, DC 20250. All responses to this notice will be
summarized and included in the request for Office of Management and Budget
approval. All comments will also become a matter of public record. Dated: July
21, 2016. Samuel H. Rikkers, Administrator, Rural Business-Cooperative Service.
[FR Doc. 2016-18497 Filed 8-3-16; 8:45 am] BILLING CODE P



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: August 5, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              23 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            August 4, 2016 Thursday

FEDERAL REGISTER: Notice of Request for Extension of a Currently Approved
Information Collection Pages 51430 - 51430 [FR DOC # 2016-18497]

LENGTH: 630  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: Office of the Federal Register has issued the following notice:



 DEPARTMENT OF AGRICULTURE Rural Business-Cooperative Service Notice of Request
for Extension of a Currently Approved Information Collection AGENCY: Rural
Business-Cooperative Service, USDA ACTION: Proposed collection, comments
requested.
----------------------------------------------------------------------- SUMMARY:
In accordance with the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995, this notice announces
the Rural Business-Cooperative Service's (RBS) intention to request an extension
for a currently approved information collection in support of the Rural
Cooperative Development Grants program.

DATES: Comments on this notice must be received by October 3, 2016 to be assured
of consideration. FOR FURTHER INFORMATION CONTACT: Susan Horst, Management and
Program Analyst, Cooperative Services, Rural Business-Cooperative Service, U.S.
Department of Agriculture, Stop 3250, Room 4214, South Agriculture Building,
1400 Independence Avenue SW., Washington, DC 20250-3250. Telephone (202)
260-5952. SUPPLEMENTARY INFORMATION: Title: Rural Cooperative Development
Grants. OMB Number: 0570-0006. Expiration Date of Approval: December 31, 2016.
Type of Request: Intent to extend the clearance for collection of information
under RD Instruction 4284-F, Rural Cooperative Development Grants. Abstract: The
primary purpose of the RBS is to promote understanding, use, and development of
the cooperative form of business as a viable option for enhancing the income of
agricultural producers and other rural residents. The primary objective of the
Rural Cooperative Development Grants program is to improve the economic
condition of rural areas through cooperative development. Grants will be awarded
on a competitive basis to nonprofit corporations and institutions of higher
education based on specific selection criteria. Estimate of Burden: Public
reporting burden for this collection of information is estimated to average 15
minutes to 80 hours per response. Respondents: Nonprofit corporations and
institutions of higher education. Estimated Number of Respondents: 55. Estimated
Number of Responses per Respondent: 8.4. Estimated Number of Responses: 462.
Estimated Total Annual Burden on Respondents: 6,182 hours. Copies of this
information collection can be obtained from Jeanne Jacobs, Regulations and
Paperwork Management Branch, at (202) 692-0040. Comments: Comments are invited
on: (a) Whether the proposed collection of information is necessary for the
proper performance of RBS functions, including whether the information will have
practical utility; (b) the accuracy of RBS' estimate of the burden of the
proposed collection of information, including the validity of the methodology
and assumptions used; (c) ways to enhance the quality, utility, and clarity of
the information to be collected; and (d) ways to minimize the burden of the
collection of information on those who are to respond, including through the use
of appropriate automated, electronic, mechanical, or other technological
collection techniques or other forms of information technology. Comments may be
sent to Jeanne Jacobs, Regulations and Paperwork Management Branch, U.S.
Department of Agriculture, Rural Development, Stop 0742, 1400 Independence
Avenue SW., Washington, DC 20250. All responses to this notice will be
summarized and included in the request for Office of Management and Budget
approval. All comments will also become a matter of public record. Dated: July
21, 2016. Samuel H. Rikkers, Administrator, Rural Business-Cooperative Service.
[FR Doc. 2016-18497 Filed 8-3-16; 8:45 am] BILLING CODE P



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: August 5, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              24 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            August 4, 2016 Thursday

FEDERAL REGISTER: Notice of Request for Extension of a Currently Approved
Information Collection Pages 51430 - 51430 [FR DOC # 2016-18497]

LENGTH: 630  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: Office of the Federal Register has issued the following notice:



 DEPARTMENT OF AGRICULTURE Rural Business-Cooperative Service Notice of Request
for Extension of a Currently Approved Information Collection AGENCY: Rural
Business-Cooperative Service, USDA ACTION: Proposed collection, comments
requested.
----------------------------------------------------------------------- SUMMARY:
In accordance with the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995, this notice announces
the Rural Business-Cooperative Service's (RBS) intention to request an extension
for a currently approved information collection in support of the Rural
Cooperative Development Grants program.

DATES: Comments on this notice must be received by October 3, 2016 to be assured
of consideration. FOR FURTHER INFORMATION CONTACT: Susan Horst, Management and
Program Analyst, Cooperative Services, Rural Business-Cooperative Service, U.S.
Department of Agriculture, Stop 3250, Room 4214, South Agriculture Building,
1400 Independence Avenue SW., Washington, DC 20250-3250. Telephone (202)
260-5952. SUPPLEMENTARY INFORMATION: Title: Rural Cooperative Development
Grants. OMB Number: 0570-0006. Expiration Date of Approval: December 31, 2016.
Type of Request: Intent to extend the clearance for collection of information
under RD Instruction 4284-F, Rural Cooperative Development Grants. Abstract: The
primary purpose of the RBS is to promote understanding, use, and development of
the cooperative form of business as a viable option for enhancing the income of
agricultural producers and other rural residents. The primary objective of the
Rural Cooperative Development Grants program is to improve the economic
condition of rural areas through cooperative development. Grants will be awarded
on a competitive basis to nonprofit corporations and institutions of higher
education based on specific selection criteria. Estimate of Burden: Public
reporting burden for this collection of information is estimated to average 15
minutes to 80 hours per response. Respondents: Nonprofit corporations and
institutions of higher education. Estimated Number of Respondents: 55. Estimated
Number of Responses per Respondent: 8.4. Estimated Number of Responses: 462.
Estimated Total Annual Burden on Respondents: 6,182 hours. Copies of this
information collection can be obtained from Jeanne Jacobs, Regulations and
Paperwork Management Branch, at (202) 692-0040. Comments: Comments are invited
on: (a) Whether the proposed collection of information is necessary for the
proper performance of RBS functions, including whether the information will have
practical utility; (b) the accuracy of RBS' estimate of the burden of the
proposed collection of information, including the validity of the methodology
and assumptions used; (c) ways to enhance the quality, utility, and clarity of
the information to be collected; and (d) ways to minimize the burden of the
collection of information on those who are to respond, including through the use
of appropriate automated, electronic, mechanical, or other technological
collection techniques or other forms of information technology. Comments may be
sent to Jeanne Jacobs, Regulations and Paperwork Management Branch, U.S.
Department of Agriculture, Rural Development, Stop 0742, 1400 Independence
Avenue SW., Washington, DC 20250. All responses to this notice will be
summarized and included in the request for Office of Management and Budget
approval. All comments will also become a matter of public record. Dated: July
21, 2016. Samuel H. Rikkers, Administrator, Rural Business-Cooperative Service.
[FR Doc. 2016-18497 Filed 8-3-16; 8:45 am] BILLING CODE P



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: August 5, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              25 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             August 5, 2016 Friday

Agency Information Collection Activities; Proposals, Submissions, and Approvals

LENGTH: 592  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington, DC:  This Notice document was issued by the Rural Business
Cooperative Service (RBS)



  Action



 Proposed collection, comments requested.

 Summary



 In accordance with the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995, this notice announces
the Rural Business-Cooperative Service's (RBS) intention to request an extension
for a currently approved information collection in support of the Rural
Cooperative Development Grants program.



 Dates



 Comments on this notice must be received by October 3, 2016 to be assured of
consideration.

 For Further Information Contact



 Susan Horst, Management and Program Analyst, Cooperative Services, Rural
Business-Cooperative Service, U.S. Department of Agriculture, Stop 3250, Room
4214, South Agriculture Building, 1400 Independence Avenue SW., Washington, DC
20250-3250. Telephone (202) 260-5952.

 Supplementary Information



 Title: Rural Cooperative Development Grants.



 OMB Number: 0570-0006.



 Expiration Date of Approval: December 31, 2016.



 Type of Request: Intent to extend the clearance for collection of information
under RD Instruction 4284-F, Rural Cooperative Development Grants.



 Abstract: The primary purpose of the RBS is to promote understanding, use, and
development of the cooperative form of business as a viable option for enhancing
the income of agricultural producers and other rural residents. The primary
objective of the Rural Cooperative Development Grants program is to improve the
economic condition of rural areas through cooperative development. Grants will
be awarded on a competitive basis to nonprofit corporations and institutions of
higher education based on specific selection criteria.



 Estimate of Burden: Public reporting burden for this collection of information
is estimated to average 15 minutes to 80 hours per response.



 Respondents: Nonprofit corporations and institutions of higher education.



 Estimated Number of Respondents: 55.



 Estimated Number of Responses per Respondent: 8.4.



 Estimated Number of Responses: 462.



 Estimated Total Annual Burden on Respondents: 6,182 hours.



 Copies of this information collection can be obtained from Jeanne Jacobs,
Regulations and Paperwork Management Branch, at (202) 692-0040.



 Comments:



 Comments are invited on: (a) Whether the proposed collection of information is
necessary for the proper performance of RBS functions, including whether the
information will have practical utility; (b) the accuracy of RBS' estimate of
the burden of the proposed collection of information, including the validity of
the methodology and assumptions used; (c) ways to enhance the quality, utility,
and clarity of the information to be collected; and (d) ways to minimize the
burden of the collection of information on those who are to respond, including
through the use of appropriate automated, electronic, mechanical, or other
technological collection techniques or other forms of information technology.
Comments may be sent to Jeanne Jacobs, Regulations and Paperwork Management
Branch, U.S. Department of Agriculture, Rural Development, Stop 0742, 1400
Independence Avenue SW., Washington, DC 20250. All responses to this notice will
be summarized and included in the request for Office of Management and Budget
approval. All comments will also become a matter of public record.

 Dated: July 21, 2016.

 Samuel H. Rikkers,

 Administrator, Rural Business-Cooperative Service.

 [FR Doc. 2016-18497 Filed 8-3-16; 8:45 am]

 BILLING CODE P



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: August 5, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              26 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                       The Harrodsburg Herald (Kentucky)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                 June 23, 2011

USDA To Award Grants

BYLINE: The Harrodsburg Herald staff

LENGTH: 304  words


USDA is accepting applications for grants to help rural businesses create jobs
through cooperative development centers.

"Cooperative development centers are business and job incubators. They support
President Obama's goal to bring increased economic opportunities to rural
communities by assisting new businesses as they create sustainable jobs," said
Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack said. "The Obama Administration is helping
create economic opportunities for rural Americans, and these centers further
that effort."

Under the Rural Cooperative Development Grant (RCDG) program, grants of up to
$225,000 may be awarded to colleges, universities and nonprofit groups to create
and operate centers that help individuals or groups establish, expand or operate
rural businesses, especially cooperatives. Grants may be used to conduct
feasibility studies, create and implement business plans, and help businesses
develop new markets for their products and services.

Rural Development State Director Tom Fern said the agency awarded $225,000 in
RCDG funds to the Kentucky Center for Agriculture and Rural Development (KCARD)
in Eliza-bethtown last year. KCARD, which has additional offices in Lexington
and Somerset, is a non-profit group that facilitates agricultural and rural
business development in Kentucky by providing educational opportunities,
technical assistance and business support services to new and existing
agribusinesses.

Through this notice, USDA may award up to $7.4 million in grants. Funds may
finance up to 75 percent of the cost of establishing and operating the
cooperative centers. Recipients must match 25 percent of the total project cost.
Applications are due July 22, 2011. For more information, see page 32943 of the
June 7 Federal Register,
http://www.gpo.gov/fdsys/pkg/FR-2011-06-07/pdf/2011-13927.pdf.

LOAD-DATE: May 12, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Accomplishment

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: HRB

                      Copyright 2011 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                     Copyright 2011 The Harrodsburg Herald


                              27 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           October 30, 2014 Thursday

Nevada: Agriculture Secretary Announces Funding to Strengthen Rural Businesses
and Cooperatives and Boost Economic Development in Rural Communities

LENGTH: 736  words

DATELINE: Carson City


United States Department of Agriculture, The State of Nevada has issued the
following news release:

Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack today announced the selection of 43
organizations in 27 states for grants and loans to help create jobs and boost
economic development activity in rural areas. The announcement culminates a week
in which the department has been highlighting products that are Made In Rural
America.

"Many rural businesses and organizations are succeeding but with access to
additional resources can create more jobs, promote growth and create an
environment where more products can be made in rural America," Vilsack said.
"The awards we are announcing today will not only provide funding, but they also
will provide the critical training and technical assistance rural cooperatives
and non-profit groups need to enhance the work they are doing to strengthen
America's Main Street businesses."

The funding is being provided through the U.S. Department of Agriculture's Rural
Cooperative Development Grant (RCDG) program and the Intermediary Relending
Program. Vilsack announced $5.8 million in RCDG awards to 32 recipients, and
just over $7 million in loans to 11 recipients under USDA's Intermediary
Relending Program. Funding is contingent upon the recipient meeting the terms of
the loan or grant agreement.

Rural Cooperative Development Grants are being awarded to non-profit groups and
higher education institutions. The recipients will use the funds to operate
centers to develop or expand rural businesses, especially cooperatives and
mutually-owned businesses. The funding can be used to conduct feasibility
studies, create and implement business plans, offer technical assistance,
establish low-interest loans, and help rural businesses develop new markets for
their products and services.

Today's announcement of RCDG recipients includes several who are developing new
opportunities for rural farmers and ranchers by capitalizing on the fast-growing
market for locally produced food.

For example, the Virginia Foundation for Agriculture, Innovation and Rural
Sustainability will receive a $200,000 technical assistance grant to help meat
processing cooperatives link producers with local and regional consumers.
Funding will also be used to provide education and training. The Cooperative
Network in Wisconsin is receiving a $200,000 grant to help establish
cooperatives focusing on health care, local foods and senior housing. Funds will
also be used to help Native American tribal members form a cooperative.

In North Carolina, the Rural Advancement Foundation International-USA will
receive a $200,000 grant to launch a program on agricultural cooperatives.
Funding will be used to provide technical assistance to groups in rural North
Carolina, South Carolina, northern Florida, and eastern Kentucky. Since fiscal
year 2009, USDA has awarded 200 RCDG grants for approximately $38.4 million that
have helped more than 2,500 businesses.

USDA's Intermediary Relending Program helps capitalize loan funds to alleviate
poverty and increase economic activity and create jobs in rural communities.
Loans are provided to local organizations that establish revolving loan funds.

For example, the Vermont Community Loan Fund, in Montpelier, will receive a $1
million loan to help 90 organizations and businesses create and retain nearly
900 jobs. The Nebraska Enterprise Fund will receive a $175,558 loan to help
businesses and non-profit organizations in Adams, Buffalo, Custer, Dawson, Hall,
Hamilton, Kearney, Keith, Lincoln, Merrick, Phelps, Sherman, Valley and York
counties in the south central region of the state. In South Dakota, the West
River Foundation will use a $750,000 loan to provide low-interest financing to
public and non-profit organizations. This is expected to create or save
approximately 100 jobs.

Since fiscal year 2009, USDA has awarded 281 IRP loans for approximately $140
million. These loans have helped more than 4,700 businesses.

President Obama's historic investments in rural America have made our rural
communities stronger. Under his leadership, these investments in housing,
community facilities, businesses and infrastructure have empowered rural America
to continue leading the way - strengthening America's economy, small towns and
rural communities.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.come

LOAD-DATE: October 31, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              28 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           October 29, 2014 Wednesday

Nevada: Agriculture Secretary Announces Funding to Strengthen Rural Businesses
and Cooperatives and Boost Economic Development in Rural Communities

LENGTH: 736  words

DATELINE: Carson City


United States Department of Agriculture, The State of Nevada has issued the
following news release:

Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack today announced the selection of 43
organizations in 27 states for grants and loans to help create jobs and boost
economic development activity in rural areas. The announcement culminates a week
in which the department has been highlighting products that are Made In Rural
America.

"Many rural businesses and organizations are succeeding but with access to
additional resources can create more jobs, promote growth and create an
environment where more products can be made in rural America," Vilsack said.
"The awards we are announcing today will not only provide funding, but they also
will provide the critical training and technical assistance rural cooperatives
and non-profit groups need to enhance the work they are doing to strengthen
America's Main Street businesses."

The funding is being provided through the U.S. Department of Agriculture's Rural
Cooperative Development Grant (RCDG) program and the Intermediary Relending
Program. Vilsack announced $5.8 million in RCDG awards to 32 recipients, and
just over $7 million in loans to 11 recipients under USDA's Intermediary
Relending Program. Funding is contingent upon the recipient meeting the terms of
the loan or grant agreement.

Rural Cooperative Development Grants are being awarded to non-profit groups and
higher education institutions. The recipients will use the funds to operate
centers to develop or expand rural businesses, especially cooperatives and
mutually-owned businesses. The funding can be used to conduct feasibility
studies, create and implement business plans, offer technical assistance,
establish low-interest loans, and help rural businesses develop new markets for
their products and services.

Today's announcement of RCDG recipients includes several who are developing new
opportunities for rural farmers and ranchers by capitalizing on the fast-growing
market for locally produced food.

For example, the Virginia Foundation for Agriculture, Innovation and Rural
Sustainability will receive a $200,000 technical assistance grant to help meat
processing cooperatives link producers with local and regional consumers.
Funding will also be used to provide education and training. The Cooperative
Network in Wisconsin is receiving a $200,000 grant to help establish
cooperatives focusing on health care, local foods and senior housing. Funds will
also be used to help Native American tribal members form a cooperative.

In North Carolina, the Rural Advancement Foundation International-USA will
receive a $200,000 grant to launch a program on agricultural cooperatives.
Funding will be used to provide technical assistance to groups in rural North
Carolina, South Carolina, northern Florida, and eastern Kentucky. Since fiscal
year 2009, USDA has awarded 200 RCDG grants for approximately $38.4 million that
have helped more than 2,500 businesses.

USDA's Intermediary Relending Program helps capitalize loan funds to alleviate
poverty and increase economic activity and create jobs in rural communities.
Loans are provided to local organizations that establish revolving loan funds.

For example, the Vermont Community Loan Fund, in Montpelier, will receive a $1
million loan to help 90 organizations and businesses create and retain nearly
900 jobs. The Nebraska Enterprise Fund will receive a $175,558 loan to help
businesses and non-profit organizations in Adams, Buffalo, Custer, Dawson, Hall,
Hamilton, Kearney, Keith, Lincoln, Merrick, Phelps, Sherman, Valley and York
counties in the south central region of the state. In South Dakota, the West
River Foundation will use a $750,000 loan to provide low-interest financing to
public and non-profit organizations. This is expected to create or save
approximately 100 jobs.

Since fiscal year 2009, USDA has awarded 281 IRP loans for approximately $140
million. These loans have helped more than 4,700 businesses.

President Obama's historic investments in rural America have made our rural
communities stronger. Under his leadership, these investments in housing,
community facilities, businesses and infrastructure have empowered rural America
to continue leading the way - strengthening America's economy, small towns and
rural communities.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.come

LOAD-DATE: October 29, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              29 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                   Mississippi Business Journal (Jackson, MS)

                               September 29, 2009

Cooperatives receiving grants from USDA

BYLINE: Wally Northway

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 167  words


The U.S. Department of Agriculture ( USDA) has selected 10 organizations in
eight states to receive $1.4 million in grants to assist small, socially
disadvantaged agricultural producers and cooperatives in rural areas.

This funding is being awarded through USDA Rural Development's Small, Socially
Disadvantaged Producer Grant Program, which is part of the department's ongoing
effort to expand outreach to rural residents to ensure that all communities have
equal access to USDA programs and services. Funding is being awarded to
cooperatives or associations of cooperatives where at least 75 percent of the
governing board or membership has annual gross agricultural product sales of
$250,000 or less in the last three years. Grants can be used for product
improvements, business plan development or economic development activities.

In Mississippi, the Winston County Self-Help Cooperative has been awarded a
$175,000 grant while the Mississippi Association of Cooperatives is to receive a
$174,770 grant.

LOAD-DATE: April 14, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Government activity

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2009 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved


                              30 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             July 30, 2016 Saturday

Washington: Outreach and Assistance for Socially Disadvantaged and Veteran
Farmers and Ranchers Grant Program

LENGTH: 499  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: Office of the MP Chellie Pingree has issued the following news
release:



 USDA Rural Business-Cooperative Administrator Sam Rikkers today announced that
USDA is seeking applications for grants to provide assistance to
socially-disadvantaged business groups in rural areas.





 "Rural America is an incredibly diverse place with many types of businesses and
business owners participating in the economy," Rikkers said. "This funding will
give small, rural businesses the technical assistance they need to compete in
the global marketplace."



 The funding is being provided through the Socially Disadvantaged Groups Grant
(SDGG) program. USDA provides grants to local cooperatives and other
organizations that provide technical assistance to socially disadvantaged groups
in rural areas. Examples of technical assistance include providing leadership
training, conducting feasibility studies and developing business and strategic
plans.



 Recipients eligible for these grants include groups of cooperatives, individual
cooperatives and cooperative development centers that serve
socially-disadvantaged groups. The cooperatives or development centers can be
based in any area, but the groups that receive technical assistance must be
located in an eligible rural area. USDA is encouraging applications for projects
in census tracts with poverty rates of 20 percent or higher.



 USDA is making $3 million in grants available. The maximum award a recipient
may receive is $175,000. All grants are awarded through a national competition.
More information on how to apply can be found on page 36254 of the June 6, 2016
Federal Register. Applications must be submitted by August 5, 2016, or
electronically by August 1, 2016.



 USDA awarded 126 grants totaling $19.5 million through the Socially
Disadvantaged Groups Grant program between 2009 and 2015.



 Past recipients of these grants have been able to make life-changing
improvements in rural areas. For example, in 2013, the Southern California Focus
on Cooperation received a $200,000 SDGG grant to provide technical assistance to
95 immigrant and minority farmers. The technical assistance helped the farmers
improve their productive capacity, helped them better manage their cooperative
business and increased their revenue. Many of the farmers helped by this project
had spent years suffering from persecution and oppression and had had no access
to formal schooling in their native lands.



 Since 2009, USDA Rural Development (@USDARD) has invested $11 billion to start
or expand 103,000 rural businesses; helped 1.1 million rural residents buy
homes; funded nearly 7,000 community facilities such as schools, public safety
and health care facilities; financed 185,000 miles of electric transmission and
distribution lines; and helped bring high-speed Internet access to nearly 6
million rural residents and businesses.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:

 editorial@plusmediasolutions.com



LOAD-DATE: July 31, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              31 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                         Brattleboro Reformer (Vermont)

                              June 25, 2012 Monday

USDA grants available to help rural businesses create jobs

BYLINE: Reformer Staff / Reformer Staff

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 256 words


Monday June 25, 2012

BRATTLEBORO -- The USDA is accepting applications for grants to help promote
sustainable economic development and job creation in rural communities.

USDA is offering Rural Cooperative Development Grants (RCDG) to non-profit
corporations and institutions of higher education. The grants also may be used
to conduct feasibility studies, create and implement business plans, and help
businesses develop new markets for their products and services.

One-year grants up to $175,000 are available. In most cases, grants may be used
to pay for up to 75 percent of the cost of establishing and operating rural
cooperative development centers. Recipients are required to match 25 percent of
the award amount. The grant period should begin no earlier than Oct. 1 and no
later than Jan. 1, 2013.

USDA may award up to $5.8 million in grants. The deadline for RCDG applications
is Aug. 6. For more information, see the June 7, Federal Register or contact the
USDA Rural Development state office.

In addition, USDA is offering almost $2.37 million in grants through USDA Rural
Development's Rural Business Opportunity Grant (RBOG). The program promotes
sustainable economic development in rural communities and regions with
exceptional needs.

Applications for Rural Business Opportunity Grants are due August 6. Application
instructions may be obtained from the June 7 Federal Register, or by contacting
the Vermont/New Hampshire USDA Rural Development State Office at 802-828-6000.
The Massachusetts office can be contacted at 800-670-6553.

LOAD-DATE: June 25, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


   Copyright 2012 MediaNews Group, Inc. and New England Newspaper Group Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              32 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                       The Harrodsburg Herald (Kentucky)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                  May 10, 2012

Grants to Aid Agricultural Producers, Cooperatives

BYLINE: The Harrodsburg Herald staff

LENGTH: 296  words


The United States Department of Agriculture (USDA) is accepting grant
applications to assist small, socially disadvantaged agricultural producers and
cooperatives in rural areas to spur job creation.

"The funding we are announcing represents USDA's continuing investment in
providing small business owners with the assistance they need to improve their
business operations and serve their communities by creating economic opportunity
for residents and training new generations of rural Americans to succeed in
business," said Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack.

For fiscal year 2012, approximately $3 million in grants are available through
USDA Rural Development's Small, Socially Disadvantaged Producer Grant Program
(SSDPG), which was authorized in the Food, Conservation, and Energy Act of 2008
(Farm Bill). It is part of the Department's ongoing effort to expand outreach to
rural residents to ensure that all communities have equal access to USDA
programs and services.

Rural Development State Director Tom Fern said funding is available to
cooperatives or associations of cooperatives where at least 75 percent of the
governing board or membership are small, socially disadvantaged producers.
Grants can be used for product improvements, business plan development or
economic development activities. The maximum grant award per applicant is
$175,000.

Applications forUSDARural Development's Small, Socially Disadvantaged Producer
Grants are due July 24. Application materials may be obtained at the Rural
Development website http://wwwjurdev.usda.gov/ or by contacting the nearest USDA
Rural Development State Office. For additional information, see the April 25,
2012, Federal Register, page 24678, or click here
http://www.gpo.gov/fdsys/pkg/FR-2012-04-25/htnu/2012-9997.htm.

LOAD-DATE: July 28, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Agriculture

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: HRB

                      Copyright 2012 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                     Copyright 2012 The Harrodsburg Herald


                              33 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             March 28, 2017 Tuesday

Rural Cooperative Development Grant

LENGTH: 321  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: US Government has issued the following grant:
 Document Type:    Grants Notice

 Funding Opportunity Number:    RDBCP-RCDG-2017

 Funding Opportunity Title:    Rural Cooperative Development Grant

 Opportunity Category:    Discretionary

 Opportunity Category Explanation:



 Funding Instrument Type:    Grant

 Category of Funding Activity:    Agriculture

 Business and Commerce

 Category Explanation:

 Expected Number of Awards:    39

 CFDA Number(s):    10.771 -- Rural Cooperative Development Grants

 Cost Sharing or Matching Requirement:    Yes



 Version:    Synopsis 1

 Posted Date:    Mar 27, 2017

 Last Updated Date:    Mar 27, 2017

 Original Closing Date for Applications:    May 26, 2017

 Current Closing Date for Applications:    May 26, 2017

 Archive Date:    Jun 25, 2017

 Estimated Total Program Funding:

 Award Ceiling:    $200,000

 Award Floor:    $0

 Eligibility

 Eligible Applicants:    Nonprofits having a 501(c)(3) status with the IRS,
other than institutions of higher education

 Private institutions of higher education

 Public and State controlled institutions of higher education

 Additional Information on Eligibility:

 Additional Information

 Agency Name:    Business and Cooperative Programs

 Description:    The primary objective of the RCDG program is to improve the
economic condition of rural areas by assisting individuals or entities in the
startup, expansion or operational improvement of rural cooperatives and other
business entities. Grants are awarded competitively on an annual basis to Rural
Cooperative Development Centers who in turn provide technical assistance to
individuals and entities.

 Link to Additional Information:    RCDG Program Website

 Grantor Contact Information:    If you have difficulty accessing the full
announcement electronically, please contact:


 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contct: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: March 29, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2017 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              34 of 998 DOCUMENTS



              The Lake Metigoshe Mirror (Bottineau, North Dakota)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                December 4, 2013

Rural co-ops receive grant

BYLINE: The Lake Metigoshe Mirror staff

LENGTH: 203  words


Jasper Schneider, United States Department of Agriculture (USDA) Rural
Development state director, announced that Common Enterprise Development
Corporation (CEDC) and the North Dakota Association of Rural Electric
Cooperatives (NDaREC) were selected to each receive a $200,000 grant. The
funding will be used help rural cooperatives and small businesses expand, create
jobs and strengthen their capacity to serve residents and communities.

"Both the CEDC and NDaREC have a long track record of service in North Dakota,"
said Schneider. "These grants will help them provide resources to entities that
improve social and economic conditions in rural areas."

Funding is being provided through USDA's Rural Cooperative Development Grant
(RCDG) program. The grants are awarded to non-profit entities to create and
operate centers that help establish, grow or operate rural businesses,
especially cooperatives and mutually-owned businesses. These competitively
awarded grants may be used to conduct feasibility studies, create and implement
business plans, and help businesses develop new markets for their products and
services.

For more information on USDA programs, please call (701) 530-2037 or visit
www.rur-dev.usda.gov/nd.

LOAD-DATE: October 3, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Local Government

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: LMT

                      Copyright 2013 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
       Copyright 2013 The Lake Metigoshe Mirror (Bottineau, North Dakota)


                              35 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                    Messenger-Inquirer (Owensboro, Kentucky)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                              June 29, 2015 Monday

USDA grants available to improve rural areas

BYLINE: Angela Oliver, Messenger-Inquirer, Owensboro, Ky.

SECTION: BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL NEWS

LENGTH: 606 words


June 29--Some challenges come with living in a rural area, but the U.S.
Department of Agriculture aims to offer solutions for some of them.

The USDA is accepting applications for rural cooperative development grants
until July 30. The grants are available to nonprofit corporations and higher
education institutions.

"Cooperative organizations are important catalysts for economic growth and job
creation in rural America," U.S. Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack said in a
press release. "The lack of investment capital is often the key factor holding
many rural areas back from economic prosperity. The investments that USDA is
making available will help organizations start cooperatives, expand existing
ones, boost sales and marketing opportunities, and help develop business
opportunities in rural areas."

The U.S. Census classifies "urban" in two ways: Urbanized areas have 50,000 or
more people, while urban clusters have at least 2,500 people but fewer than
50,000. Rural areas include "all population, housing and territory not included
within an urban area," the website census.gov states.

Joseph Geffert, loan specialist at the USDA rural development office in
Madisonville, said most rural development projects in the area are with
municipalities. His office works with the Daviess County USDA office, including
with Denise Payne, who is also based in Madisonville but works from the local
office once a week.

"These grants are about improving rural areas and making sure people who live
there can thrive," he said.

Development comes in many forms.

"This week, we've awarded $30 million in grants for different projects," he said
Thursday.

One of those projects is that the rural development office is working with
McLean County on a water treatment plant that would consolidate plants in the
area.

"The plants are so old and losing water. And in some places, there are so few
customers that separate plants are too costly," he said. "If the municipality
can't afford it, they have to pass the cost along to their residents with taxes.
Grant funding helps avoid that kind of problem."

Area rural development grants have also funded the building of city halls,
libraries, flood walls and other structures. Fire and law enforcement
departments have used grant money for new vehicles as well.

Feasibility studies and business plans are also eligible for the grants.

But beyond public places and services, the grants can help individuals.

Along with loans, the rural development grants are available for potential
homeowners.

"We help lower-income people and families. Everyone has the dream of owning a
home," he said. "They may have some trouble getting money from banks, but our
loans aren't based on credit scores, so there's a better chance."

The USDA will award up to $5.8 million in rural development grants for the
fiscal year. One-year grants up to $200,000 are available and in most cases, the
grants can be used to cover 75 percent of the project cost. Grant recipients
must also match 25 percent of their grant amount, all according to the press
release.

"Rural areas have more challenges because they don't get the same tax revenue
bigger cities can generate, and the median household income is usually lower,"
Geffert said. "We're all about helping to ensure rural residents don't get left
out of any opportunity."

For more information, call 270-821-4430, ext 219, or the local USDA office at
270-684-9286.

Angela Oliver, 270-691-7360, aoliver@messenger-inquirer.com

___ (c)2015 the Messenger-Inquirer (Owensboro, Ky.) Visit the Messenger-Inquirer
(Owensboro, Ky.) at www.messenger-inquirer.com Distributed by Tribune Content
Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: July 8, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20150629-OW-USDA-grants-available-to-improve-rural-areas-0629-20150629

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: OW


                       Copyright 2015 Messenger-Inquirer


                              36 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                     Monroe County Appeal (Paris, Missouri)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                January 17, 2013

USDA Highlights 2012 Investments to Build Stronger Rural Communities;
Investment included monies to Ralls County

BYLINE: Monroe County Appeal staff

LENGTH: 932  words


Rural Development helps to invest more than $30 billion to strengthen rural
America

Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack recently issued a report highlighting USDA
Rural Development's fiscal year (FY) 2012 investments in job creation,
businesses, infrastructure and housing for Americans living in rural communities
across the nation.

"President Obama's plan for rural America has brought about historic investment
in rural communities that have made them stronger," Vilsack said. "Thanks to our
loan, grant and technical assistance programs, USDA Rural Development is helping
residents and rural enterprises thrive, and we are laying a strong foundation
for rural America's future."

With an active portfolio of more than $176 billion in loans and loan guarantees,
Rural Development has provided affordable housing, improved utility
infrastructure, and helped businesses and cooperatives create jobs, build rural
economies and increase the quality of life in rural areas. For a full copy of
the 2012 Progress Report, go to http://www.rurdev.usda.
gov/SupportDocuments/RDProgressReport-2012. pdf.

Missouri Rural Development State Director Janie Dunning stated, "The amounts
listed mean a return of taxpayer dollars to the states. In Missouri,
$992,406,000 was returned in the form of grants, loans and loan guarantees. This
is money directly assisting businesses to create or retain jobs and communities
to maintain quality of life for residents and visitors"

For example, in 2012, nearly 64,000 rural residents received new or better
access to broadband Internet service. Under the Rural Utilities Program, Rural
Development provided approximately $4.7 billion in electric loans, $173 million
in telecommunications loans and grants, and $1.4 billion in water and waste
disposal loan and grants.

Through its Community Facilities loan and grant program, Rural Development
provided more than $8.6 million to construct or improve 48 rural libraries, and
provided more than $888 million in assistance for 243 projects to improve the
delivery of health care for rural Americans. All told, Rural Development
provided more than $1.5 billion in community facilities loans and grants to
develop or improve essential facilities like these in rural areas.

In addition to the efforts to support education and health care, another key
aspect of the Community Facilities program is the ability to support emergency
responders. For example, Missouri Rural Development provided $417,680 to 25
entities; ambulance districts, cities, counties and villages; to improve first
responders' and emergency early warning systems' capability. Many of these
communities had no equipment or were without adequate equipment to protect lives
and properties during hazardous situations.

Rural Development is also the lead agency ensuring that rural families have
access to safe, well-built, affordable homes. In 2012, Rural Development helped
7,940 families with low-incomes obtain safe, affordable homes, providing
approximately $900.9 million in single-family direct subsidized loans. Under the
single-family guaranteed loan program, Rural Development helped more than
145,100 moderate-income families purchase single-family homes. More than 7,000
rural individuals or families were able to repair their homes under the home
repair loan and grant program.

In 2012, USDA Rural Development assisted more than 270,000 low- and
very-low-income families, who were able to live in safe, multi-family housing
thanks to $904.7 million in rental assistance to bring their rents to an
affordable level.

Rural Development also helped approximately 1,700 families move into new
apartment units through $122.6 million for low-income rental housing development
, $104.3 million in guaranteed loans for moderate-income rental housing
development, and $5.5 million for multi-family housing for farm workers and
their families.

Through Rural Development's business and cooperative loan, grant and technical
assistance programs, the agency helped about 9,700 rural small business owners
or farmers improve their enterprises in 2012. Business and cooperative program
funding created or saved more than 53,000 rural jobs in 2012. Rural Development
provided slightly more than $1 billion in Business and Industry loan guarantees,
$25.5 million in Rural Business Enterprise grants, $50.3 million in Rural
Economic Development loans and grants, $17.5 million in Intermediary Relending
Program loans, and $40.4 million in Value Added Producer Grants in 2012.

For example, a $1,000,000 Rural Economic Development Loan and $300,000 Rural
Economic Development Grant to Missouri's Ralls County Electric Cooperative is
facilitating the construction of a Higher Education Center in Hannibal, Missouri
by Moberly Area Community College (MACC). MACC is leveraging the Rural Economic
Development funds with a Federal Emergency Management Agency (FEMA) grant of
$1,275,240, a MACC contribution of $1,000,000, a Hannibal community contribution
of $900,918 and a Ralls County Electric Cooperative loan of $60,000.

The 16,890 square feet MACC Higher Education Center will house educational and
administrative space. Included in center will be classrooms, a library, student
lounge, faculty and staff offices and building support. The center will have the
latest in education-. al resources and technology. For additional information on
Rural Development projects, please visit Rural Development's new interactive web
map featuring program funding and success stories for the past four fiscal
years. The data can be found at: http://www.rurdev.
usda.gov/RDSuccessSto-ries.html.

LOAD-DATE: August 13, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Business

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: MCA

                      Copyright 2013 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                      Copyright 2013 Monroe County Appeal


                              37 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          November 16, 2016 Wednesday

Washington: CONGRESSMAN RUB\xC9N HINOJOSA ANNOUNCES OVER $199,000 USDA RURAL
DEVELOPMENT GRANT TO UTRGV

LENGTH: 183  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: Office of the MP Bill Ruben Hinojosa has issued the following news
release:



 Congressman Rubén Hinojosa (TX-15) announced that the U.S. Department of
Agriculture has awarded an over $199,000 Rural Cooperative Development grant to
the University of Texas Rio Grande Valley.









 The Rural Development funds will be used to create new cooperatives or business
enterprises, provide assistance to several existing cooperatives and cooperative
groups, and further promote the benefits of cooperatives through advocacy,
training, and technical assistance.







 "I am pleased that UTRGV has been awarded over $199,000 through the USDA Rural
Development Grant program. These funds will help provide much needed assistance
to Rio Grande Valley employers and cooperative enterprises. They can use these
funds to develop their business plans and strategies in order to grow their
ventures and in turn generate continued economic development and job growth
across our region."



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:

 editorial@plusmediasolutions.com



LOAD-DATE: November 17, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              38 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          November 16, 2016 Wednesday

Washington: CONGRESSMAN RUB\xC9N HINOJOSA ANNOUNCES OVER $199,000 USDA RURAL
DEVELOPMENT GRANT TO UTRGV

LENGTH: 183  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: Office of the MP Bill Ruben Hinojosa has issued the following news
release:



 Congressman Rubén Hinojosa (TX-15) announced that the U.S. Department of
Agriculture has awarded an over $199,000 Rural Cooperative Development grant to
the University of Texas Rio Grande Valley.









 The Rural Development funds will be used to create new cooperatives or business
enterprises, provide assistance to several existing cooperatives and cooperative
groups, and further promote the benefits of cooperatives through advocacy,
training, and technical assistance.







 "I am pleased that UTRGV has been awarded over $199,000 through the USDA Rural
Development Grant program. These funds will help provide much needed assistance
to Rio Grande Valley employers and cooperative enterprises. They can use these
funds to develop their business plans and strategies in order to grow their
ventures and in turn generate continued economic development and job growth
across our region."



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:

 editorial@plusmediasolutions.com



LOAD-DATE: November 16, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              39 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                         Deming Headlight (New Mexico)

                             May 10, 2007 Thursday

$3.5M available for rural cooperative development

BYLINE: For the Headlight

SECTION: LOCAL

LENGTH: 290 words


WASHINGTON, D.C.   Agriculture Under Secretary Thomas C. Dorr has announced the
availability of $3.5 million in grants to fund centers for cooperative
development to improve economic conditions in rural areas.

"These funds will help small business owners, farmers and ranchers across the
nation by providing them with technical assistance," Dorr said. "Cooperative
development centers are at the forefront of helping create business
opportunities to strengthen rural economies."

Grants of up to $200,000 are available to non-profit organizations and
institutions of higher learning for the startup, expansion or operation of
cooperative businesses. Recipients are required to provide matching funds equal
to at least 25 percent of the grant award. Grants will be awarded for a one year
time period starting from Oct. 1 and running to no later than Jan. 1.

The deadline for applications is June 8. An application guide and other
materials may be obtained at http://www.rurdev.usda.gov/rbs/coops/rcdg/rcdg.htm
or by contacting the New Mexico USDA Rural Development State Office at (505)
761-4953.

USDA Rural Development's mission is to increase economic opportunity and improve
the quality of life in rural communities.

As a venture capital entity, Rural Development has invested more than $76.8
billion since the beginning of the Bush administration to provide equity and
technical assistance to finance and foster growth in homeownership, business
development and critical community and technology infrastructure.

More than 1.5 million jobs have been created or saved through these investments.

Further information on rural programs is available at a local USDA Rural
Development office or by visiting USDA's Web site at http://www.rurdev.usda.gov
.

LOAD-DATE: July 18, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


          Copyright 2007 Deming Headlight, a MediaNews Group Newspaper
                              All Rights Reserved


                              40 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           November 29, 2016 Tuesday

FEDERAL REGISTER: Submission for OMB Review; Comment Request Pages 85920 - 85920
[FR DOC # 2016-28677]

LENGTH: 651  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: Office of the Federal Register has issued the following notice:



 DEPARTMENT OF AGRICULTURE Submission for OMB Review; Comment Request November
23, 2016. The Department of Agriculture has submitted the following information
collection requirement(s) to OMB for review and clearance under the Paperwork
Reduction Act of 1995, Public Law 104-13. Comments are requested regarding (1)
whether the collection of information is necessary for the proper performance of
the functions of the agency, including whether the information will have
practical utility; (2) the accuracy of the agency's estimate of burden including
the validity of the methodology and assumptions used; (3) ways to enhance the
quality, utility and clarity of the information to be collected; and (4) ways to
minimize the burden of the collection of information on those who are to
respond, including through the use of appropriate automated, electronic,
mechanical, or other technological collection techniques or other forms of
information technology. Comments regarding this information collection received
by December 29, 2016 will be considered. Written comments should be addressed
to: Desk Officer for Agriculture, Office of Information and Regulatory Affairs,
Office of Management and Budget (OMB), New Executive Office Building, 725 17th
Street NW., Washington, DC 20502. Commenters are encouraged to submit their
comments to OMB via email to:

OIRA_Submission@OMB.EOP.GOV or fax (202) 395-5806 and to Departmental Clearance
Office, USDA, OCIO, Mail Stop 7602, Washington, DC 20250- 7602. Copies of the
submission(s) may be obtained by calling (202) 720- 8958. An agency may not
conduct or sponsor a collection of information unless the collection of
information displays a currently valid OMB control number and the agency informs
potential persons who are to respond to the collection of information that such
persons are not required to respond to the collection of information unless it
displays a currently valid OMB control number. Rural Business Cooperative
Service Title: Rural Cooperative Development Grants--7 CFR 4284-F. OMB Control
Number: 0570-0006. Summary of Collection: Section 310B of the Consolidated Farm
and Rural Development Act (as amended) (Pub. L. 107-171) authorizes the Rural
Cooperative Development Grants (RCDG) program. The program is administered
through State Rural Development Offices on behalf of the Rural Business
Cooperative Service (RBS). The primary objective of the program is to improve
the economic condition of rural areas through cooperative development. Grant
funds are awarded on a competitive basis using a scoring system that gives
preference to applications that demonstrate a proven track record. The
applicants, who are non-profit corporations or institutions of higher education,
will provide information using various forms and supporting documentation. Need
and Use of the Information: Information is collected by RBS and Rural
Development State and Area office staff, as delegated, from applicants and
grantees. RBS will use the information collected to evaluate the applicant's
ability to carry out the purposes of the program. Grantees are required to
submit financial status and performance reports to confirm funds are being
expended as approved and requests for advance or reimbursement to request
payment. If this information were not collected, RBS would have no basis on
which to evaluate the relative merit of each application. Description of
Respondents: Not for profit institutions. Number of Respondents: 55. Frequency
of Responses: Recordkeeping; Reporting: On occasion. Total Burden Hours: 6,342.
Charlene Parker, Departmental Information Collection Clearance Officer. [FR Doc.
2016-28677 Filed 11-28-16; 8:45 am] BILLING CODE 3410-XY-P



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: November 30, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              41 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           October 25, 2014 Saturday

Hoeven Announces $400,000 in Cooperative Development Grants to Upgrade
Technology in Rural Areas

LENGTH: 218  words

DATELINE: Washington


Office of the Senator John Hoeven, U.S Government has issued the following news
release:

Senator John Hoeven today announced that the U.S. Department of Agriculture
(USDA) has awarded $400,000 to develop or expand rural businesses, especially
cooperatives and mutually-owned businesses. Rural Cooperative Development Grant
Program funding can be used to conduct feasibility studies, create and implement
business plans, offer technical assistance, establish low-interest loans, and
help rural businesses develop new markets for their products and services.

"As North Dakota grows, we need to ensure that our rural areas have the tools
and resources necessary to grow as well," Hoeven said. "These grants will help
to create jobs and expand services to rural residents, businesses and tribe
members."

Mandan-based Common Enterprise Development Corporation (CEDC) will receive
$200,000 to provide technical assistance to cooperatives and businesses in
Native American tribes in North Dakota, South Dakota and Minnesota. The North
Dakota Association of Rural Electric Cooperatives will receive $200,000 to
provide technical assistance to cooperatives and mutually-owned businesses in
North Dakota.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 25, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              42 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            October 2, 2014 Thursday

Nevada: USDA Helps Deliver the Latest in Innovative Agricultural Methods to
Small, Socially Disadvantaged Agricultural Producers

LENGTH: 1113  words

DATELINE: Carson City


The State of Nevada has issued the following news release:

Agriculture Deputy Secretary Krysta Harden today awarded 17 grants in 12 states
to help small, socially disadvantaged agricultural producers expand their
operations and create jobs.

"These grants help small producers and other business owners who often lack
access to the capital and technical assistance they need to grow and prosper,"
Harden said. "This funding is an example of the Obama Administration's
dedication to the economic stability of rural communities throughout the nation.
By providing assistance to small and diverse producers, USDA is expanding
healthy food options in small and economically diverse markets. Additionally,
many of these grants will allow even the smallest producers to take advantage of
the latest innovations in ag production."

USDA is investing $3 million through the Small Socially Disadvantaged Producer
Grant program. The program funds technical assistance and other services to help
producers develop new markets and business opportunities.

For example, the Mississippi Association of Cooperatives is receiving a $200,000
grant to provide innovative technical assistance tools such as personal and
business record-keeping, business planning and marketing assistance. The
University of Texas-Pan American has been selected for a $197,317 grant to help
small-scale Hispanic producers market their food to local businesses and
consumers.

Below is a complete list of grant recipients. The funding is contingent upon the
recipient meeting the terms of the grant agreement.

Alabama

Tuskegee University - $188,899 grant; To help 150 socially disadvantaged
agricultural producers in the Black Belt region secure profitable markets to
sell their produce.
    Alabama State Association of Cooperatives - $200,000 grant; To help
African-American producers of vegetable and forest products in Greene, Wilcox,
Hale, Pickens, Marengo, Choctaw and Sumter counties.

Arizona

San Xavier Cooperative Association, Inc. - $188,129 grant; To provide business
planning and marketing assistance to socially disadvantaged producers.

Arkansas

University of Arkansas-Pine Bluff - $169,066 grant; To develop business plans,
conservation plans, market research and other tools to help socially
disadvantaged producers and two vegetable cooperatives.

California

Southern California Focus on Cooperation - $200,000 grant; To provide training
on growing practices, crop planning, processing and post-harvest handling to
immigrant and refugee farmers and cooperatives.

Hawaii

The Kohala Center, Inc. - $197,219; To provide technical assistance to the Maui
Acquaponics Workers Cooperative, the Palili 'O Kohala Cooperative, the Ka'u
Coffee Growers Cooperative and the Molokai Livestock Cooperative.

Louisiana

Coastal Communities Consulting, Inc. - $200,000 grant; To provide legal
assistance, business planning and marketing plan development to socially
disadvantaged commercial fishermen.

Massachusetts

World Farmers, Inc. - $135,188 grant; To provide technical assistance on
harvesting, marketing and post-harvest practices to 225 immigrant, socially
disadvantaged and refugee farmers to ultimately result in access to new and
innovative marketing opportunities for their crops.
    Cooperative Development Institute Inc. - $100,743 grant; To provide
cooperative development training and technical assistance to refugee farmers
primarily from Somalia, Bhutan, Burundi, Sudan and the Congo, collaboratively
with four partners: the Association for Africans Living in Vermont, the
Organization for Refugee and Immigrant Success, Cultivating Community, and the
U.S. Kenyan Somalian Cross Border Trader's Association.

Mississippi

Tri County Agricultural Cooperative - $200,000 grant; To help socially
disadvantaged agricultural producers develop diversified farms and utilize
production and management strategies that will enhance their long-term
viability.
    Mississippi Association of Cooperatives - $200,000 grant; To provide
technical assistance tools such as personal and business record-keeping,
business planning and marketing assistance.

New Mexico

Southwest Development Center, Inc. - $188,255 grant; To provide accounting and
financial management training to socially disadvantaged producers, and to help
develop a cooperative food hub and a Native American food hub.
    Capacity Builders, Inc. - $174,984 grant; To provide technical assistance,
research, legal advice, feasibility studies and business plan assistance for the
"Earth Mother Agricultural Initiative."

South Carolina

Farmers Cooperative Community Improvement - $100,000 grant; To provide technical
assistance to help socially disadvantaged producers develop marketing plans,
risk management and whole-farm planning.
    SCF-Organic Farms, LTD - $200,000 grant; To complete an organic farming
progress study, conduct on-farm pest management workshops and conduct on-farm
land preparation demonstrations for socially disadvantaged producers.

Texas

University of Texas-Pan American - $197,317 grant; To increase the capacity of
small-scale Hispanic producers to improve production technologies and serve
local markets.

Washington

Northwest Cooperative Development Center - $160,200 grant; To help socially
disadvantaged producers become sustainable cooperative businesses.

The Small Socially Disadvantaged Producer Grant program is one of many USDA
programs that help rural businesses. Since the start of the Obama
Administration, USDA has provided more than 18,000 loans and grants that have
helped 74,000 rural businesses. Many of these grants have allowed producers to
engage in the local food market sector and support their regional economies. In
2010, for example, USDA Rural Development awarded Minnesota's Hillside Farmers
Co-Op a Small Socially Disadvantaged Producer Grant to help develop small-scale
sustainable farms.

The Co-op is a partnership between Latino farmers, including recent immigrants,
and established farmers in southeastern Minnesota. They are working together to
produce sustainable foods and build healthier communities. The co-op pairs
immigrant families with established farmers in the area who rent out their land
for gardening and poultry production.

President Obama's historic investments in rural America have made our rural
communities stronger. Under his leadership, these investments in housing,
community facilities, businesses and infrastructure have empowered rural America
to continue leading the way - strengthening America's economy, small towns and
rural communities.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.come

LOAD-DATE: October 3, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              43 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           September 26, 2014 Friday

Hoeven Announces $6.4 Million in USDA Loans and Grants to Support Rural Business
in North Dakota

LENGTH: 496  words

DATELINE: Washington


Office of the Senator John Hoeven, U.S Government has issued the following news
release:

Senator John Hoeven today announced that the U.S. Department of Agriculture
(USDA) has awarded nearly $6.4 million in loans and grants to support rural
business activities in North Dakota. The funds are made available through two
USDA programs, the Rural Economic Development Loan and Grant (REDLG) Program and
the Rural Microentrepreneur Assistance Program (RMAP), which were continued by
the 2014 farm bill.

The REDLG Program provides zero-interest loans to local utilities, which then
relend the funds to local businesses to boost economic growth in rural
communities. Through RMAP, USDA provides loans to Microenterprise Development
Organizations (MDOs) to support microloans for the start-up or development of
businesses with 10 or fewer employees. RMAP also makes grants available for MDOs
to provide technical assistance and training, particularly in rural areas
experiencing persistent poverty or significant outmigration.

"As North Dakota's economy continues to expand, from the oil patch to Fargo, we
have many opportunities to grow and diversify our economy," said Hoeven. "These
USDA loans and grants help our businesses act on opportunities in our smaller
communities that might otherwise not be realized. Such investments help enhance
our state's economy, providing our resident's with jobs and helping to sustain
our economic growth into the future."

The loans and grants are awarded as follows:

West River Veterinary Clinic, PC - $2 million - This loan, made through Northern
Plains Electric Cooperative, will help build a new, modern clinic in Hettinger.
    Gooseneck Implement - $2 million - These two loans, made through SRT
Communications and Verendrye Electric Cooperative, will help construct a farm
equipment facility in Velva.
    Dakota Spirit AgEnergy, LLC- $1 million - This loan, made through the
Northern Plains Electric Cooperative, will support the construction a
65-million-gallon-per-year ethanol plant in Jamestown.
    S&S Grain, Inc. - $775,000 - This loan, made through Nodak Electric
Cooperative, Inc., will support the purchase and renovation of a building for
grain drying, handling and storage in Walhalla.
    Oyate Community Development Corporation - $500,000 loan and $105,000 grant -
These funds will be used to capitalize a rural revolving loan fund to make
microloans to very small businesses.

As a member of the U.S. Senate Agriculture and Appropriations committees, Hoeven
continues working to support rural development programs, which promote
infrastructure investment in and help grow North Dakota's rural communities. The
senator also served on the Senate-House Conference Committee that negotiated the
final version of the new five-year farm bill which reauthorized and strengthened
programs in support of rural communities.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: September 26, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              44 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                           Bangor Daily News (Maine)

                             March 17, 2009 Tuesday
                                  All Editions

USDA to give out rural business grants

SECTION: Pg. A6

LENGTH: 171 words

DATELINE: BANGOR


The Rural Business-Cooperative Service, an agency within the USDA's Rural
Development mission area, has announced the availability of grants of up to
$50,000 per application from the Rural Business Opportunity Grant program for
fiscal year 2009, to be competitively awarded. For multistate projects, grant
funds of up to $150,000 will be available on a competitive basis.

The primary objective of the program is to improve the economic conditions of
rural areas. Assistance provided to rural areas under the program may include
technical assistance for business development and economic development planning.

The deadline for the receipt of applications in the Rural Development State
Office is March 31.

Entities that want to apply for assistance should contact Mike Grondin, business
and cooperative programs director, at 990-9168.

Applications should be addressed to: Michael Grondin, Business and Cooperative
Programs Director, USDA Rural Development State Office, 967 Illinois Ave., Suite
4, P.O. Box 405, Bangor, ME 04402-0405.

LOAD-DATE: March 17, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2009 Bangor Daily News


                              45 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            October 11, 2016 Tuesday

Washington: CONGRESSMAN RUB\xC9N HINOJOSA ANNOUNCES OVER $199,000 USDA RURAL
DEVELOPMENT GRANT TO UTRGV

LENGTH: 183  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: Office of the MP Bill Ruben Hinojosa has issued the following news
release:



 Congressman Rubén Hinojosa (TX-15) announced that the U.S. Department of
Agriculture has awarded an over $199,000 Rural Cooperative Development grant to
the University of Texas Rio Grande Valley.









 The Rural Development funds will be used to create new cooperatives or business
enterprises, provide assistance to several existing cooperatives and cooperative
groups, and further promote the benefits of cooperatives through advocacy,
training, and technical assistance.







 "I am pleased that UTRGV has been awarded over $199,000 through the USDA Rural
Development Grant program. These funds will help provide much needed assistance
to Rio Grande Valley employers and cooperative enterprises. They can use these
funds to develop their business plans and strategies in order to grow their
ventures and in turn generate continued economic development and job growth
across our region."



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:

 editorial@plusmediasolutions.com



LOAD-DATE: October 12, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              46 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            October 11, 2016 Tuesday

Washington: CONGRESSMAN RUB\xC9N HINOJOSA ANNOUNCES OVER $199,000 USDA RURAL
DEVELOPMENT GRANT TO UTRGV

LENGTH: 183  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: Office of the MP Bill Ruben Hinojosa has issued the following news
release:



 Congressman Rubén Hinojosa (TX-15) announced that the U.S. Department of
Agriculture has awarded an over $199,000 Rural Cooperative Development grant to
the University of Texas Rio Grande Valley.









 The Rural Development funds will be used to create new cooperatives or business
enterprises, provide assistance to several existing cooperatives and cooperative
groups, and further promote the benefits of cooperatives through advocacy,
training, and technical assistance.







 "I am pleased that UTRGV has been awarded over $199,000 through the USDA Rural
Development Grant program. These funds will help provide much needed assistance
to Rio Grande Valley employers and cooperative enterprises. They can use these
funds to develop their business plans and strategies in order to grow their
ventures and in turn generate continued economic development and job growth
across our region."



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:

 editorial@plusmediasolutions.com



LOAD-DATE: October 11, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              47 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                         Deming Headlight (New Mexico)

                             March 8, 2012 Thursday

USDA plans to spur job growth

BYLINE: For the Headlight

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 376 words


USDA, Rural Development State Director Terry Brunner announced that USDA, Rural
Development is accepting applications for loans and grants to create jobs and
spur economic development.

Funding is provided through the Rural Economic Development Loan and Grant
(REDLG) program.

"These investment opportunities will promote business expansion and
entrepreneurship by helping local businesses access capital, technical
assistance, and new markets for their products and services. In addition, the
program can help develop critical community projects which will create and
retain jobs in our rural communities," said Brunner.

An example of how the REDLG program was used here in New Mexico was when the
Roosevelt County Electric and the Roosevelt County Telephone Co-Operatives were
awarded funds to help with the construction of medical offices at the Roosevelt
County General hospital in Portales, New Mexico.

The REDLG program provides loans and grant funding for rural projects through
local utility cooperatives. Under the program, USDA provides zero-interest loans
and limited grant support to utilities. The funds are re-loaned to local
businesses (the ultimate recipient) for projects that will create and retain
employment in rural areas. The primary objective of the program is to promote
rural economic development and job creation projects.

Assistance provided to the recipient may include business startup costs,
business expansion, business incubators, technical assistance, and feasibility
studies.

Applications are received on an on-going basis. The maximum loan amount is
$1,000,000 and the maximum grant amount is $300,000. Application information is
available by contacting the Business and Cooperative Program staff at the USDA,
Rural Development State Office in Albuquerque at (505) 761-4953.

USDA Rural Development's mission is to increase economic opportunity and improve
the quality of life for rural residents. Rural Development fosters growth in
homeownership, finances business development, and supports the creation of
critical community and technology infrastructure.

Further information on rural programs is available at any local USDA Rural
Development office or by visiting USDA Rural Development's web site at
http://www.rurdev.usda.gov

LOAD-DATE: March 8, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: These investment opportunities will promote business expansion and
entrepreneurship by helping local businesses access capital, technical
assistance, and new markets for their products and services. In addition, the
program can help develop critical community projects which will create and
retain jobs in our rural communities. Terry Brunner, USDA Rural Development
State Director

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


          Copyright 2012 Deming Headlight, a MediaNews Group Newspaper
                              All Rights Reserved


                              48 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                           The Taos News (New Mexico)

                             April 2, 2009 Thursday

DEADLINE EXTENDED FOR RURAL FUNDS

BYLINE: STAFF REPORT

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. B-5

LENGTH: 227 words


The U.S. Department of Agriculture's Rural Development's Business and
Cooperative Program has extended the deadline to apply for the Rural Business
Opportunity Grant Program to April 30.

"The old deadline did not give potential applicants sufficient time to apply for
this money," said acting state director Eric Vigil. "So, it was decided to
extend the deadline throughout the nation."

The primary objective of the program is to promote sustainable economic
development in rural communities by making grants to pay costs for such things
as providing economic planning for rural communities, technical assistance for
rural businesses, or training for rural entrepreneurs or economic development
officials.

The grants are available to public bodies, nonprofits, federally recognized
tribal groups and cooperatives.

Applications will not exceed $50,000 and for multi-state projects $150,000.

Completed applications must be received by the New Mexico USDA Rural Development
Office, Business and Cooperative Programs located at 6200 Jefferson NE, Room
255, Albuquerque, NM 87109, by no later than 4:30 p.m. April 30.

Applicants will compete nationwide for the funding.

According to a press release, USDA Rural Development works to ensure that rural
residents can participate in the global economy by providing technical
assistance, funding, and other programs.

--Staff report

LOAD-DATE: January 14, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: See pdf's for exact rendition, caption, graphics and photographer info.


PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2009 The Taos News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              49 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             May 21, 2014 Wednesday

Utah: Rural Cooperative Development Grant (RCDG)

LENGTH: 217  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Sponsor  USDA Rural Business-Cooperative Service
Deadlines  Jun 30, 2014
Contact

A list of state contacts is available on the program website.
Purpose

The Rural Cooperative Development Grant (RCDG) program awards funding to improve
the economic condition of rural areas by assisting individuals or entities in
the startup, expansion, or operational improvement of rural cooperatives and
other business entities.
Eligibility

Nonprofit corporations and accredited institutions of higher education are
eligible to apply.
Geographic
coverage  Nationwide
Amount of
funding

Total Funding Available: $5,800,000
Award Ceiling: $200,000
Grantees are required to contribute 25 percent of the total project cost.
Application
process

The application package for applying on paper for this funding opportunity can
be obtained through the program website.

Electronic application packets are available through grants.gov

Paper applications must be postmarked and mailed, shipped, or sent overnight no
later than June 30, 2014. Electronic copies must be submitted through grants.gov
no later than June 24, 2014.
Tagged as  Community development, Economic development, Employment

For further information please visit: http://www.raconline.org/

LOAD-DATE: May 22, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              50 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                              May 19, 2014 Monday

Utah: Rural Cooperative Development Grant (RCDG)

LENGTH: 217  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Sponsor  USDA Rural Business-Cooperative Service
Deadlines  Jun 30, 2014
Contact

A list of state contacts is available on the program website.
Purpose

The Rural Cooperative Development Grant (RCDG) program awards funding to improve
the economic condition of rural areas by assisting individuals or entities in
the startup, expansion, or operational improvement of rural cooperatives and
other business entities.
Eligibility

Nonprofit corporations and accredited institutions of higher education are
eligible to apply.
Geographic
coverage  Nationwide
Amount of
funding

Total Funding Available: $5,800,000
Award Ceiling: $200,000
Grantees are required to contribute 25 percent of the total project cost.
Application
process

The application package for applying on paper for this funding opportunity can
be obtained through the program website.

Electronic application packets are available through grants.gov

Paper applications must be postmarked and mailed, shipped, or sent overnight no
later than June 30, 2014. Electronic copies must be submitted through grants.gov
no later than June 24, 2014.
Tagged as  Community development, Economic development, Employment

For further information please visit: http://www.raconline.org/

LOAD-DATE: May 19, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              51 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             May 15, 2014 Thursday

Utah: Rural Cooperative Development Grant (RCDG)

LENGTH: 217  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Sponsor  USDA Rural Business-Cooperative Service
Deadlines  Jun 30, 2014
Contact

A list of state contacts is available on the program website.
Purpose

The Rural Cooperative Development Grant (RCDG) program awards funding to improve
the economic condition of rural areas by assisting individuals or entities in
the startup, expansion, or operational improvement of rural cooperatives and
other business entities.
Eligibility

Nonprofit corporations and accredited institutions of higher education are
eligible to apply.
Geographic
coverage  Nationwide
Amount of
funding

Total Funding Available: $5,800,000
Award Ceiling: $200,000
Grantees are required to contribute 25 percent of the total project cost.
Application
process

The application package for applying on paper for this funding opportunity can
be obtained through the program website.

Electronic application packets are available through grants.gov

Paper applications must be postmarked and mailed, shipped, or sent overnight no
later than June 30, 2014. Electronic copies must be submitted through grants.gov
no later than June 24, 2014.
Tagged as  Community development, Economic development, Employment

For further information please visit: http://www.raconline.org/

LOAD-DATE: May 17, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              52 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                              May 13, 2014 Tuesday

Utah: Rural Cooperative Development Grant (RCDG)

LENGTH: 217  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Sponsor  USDA Rural Business-Cooperative Service
Deadlines  Jun 30, 2014
Contact

A list of state contacts is available on the program website.
Purpose

The Rural Cooperative Development Grant (RCDG) program awards funding to improve
the economic condition of rural areas by assisting individuals or entities in
the startup, expansion, or operational improvement of rural cooperatives and
other business entities.
Eligibility

Nonprofit corporations and accredited institutions of higher education are
eligible to apply.
Geographic
coverage  Nationwide
Amount of
funding

Total Funding Available: $5,800,000
Award Ceiling: $200,000
Grantees are required to contribute 25 percent of the total project cost.
Application
process

The application package for applying on paper for this funding opportunity can
be obtained through the program website.

Electronic application packets are available through grants.gov

Paper applications must be postmarked and mailed, shipped, or sent overnight no
later than June 30, 2014. Electronic copies must be submitted through grants.gov
no later than June 24, 2014.
Tagged as  Community development, Economic development, Employment

For further information please visit: http://www.raconline.org/

LOAD-DATE: May 14, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              53 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                              May 8, 2014 Thursday

Utah: Rural Cooperative Development Grant (RCDG)

LENGTH: 217  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Sponsor  USDA Rural Business-Cooperative Service
Deadlines  Jun 30, 2014
Contact

A list of state contacts is available on the program website.
Purpose

The Rural Cooperative Development Grant (RCDG) program awards funding to improve
the economic condition of rural areas by assisting individuals or entities in
the startup, expansion, or operational improvement of rural cooperatives and
other business entities.
Eligibility

Nonprofit corporations and accredited institutions of higher education are
eligible to apply.
Geographic
coverage  Nationwide
Amount of
funding

Total Funding Available: $5,800,000
Award Ceiling: $200,000
Grantees are required to contribute 25 percent of the total project cost.
Application
process

The application package for applying on paper for this funding opportunity can
be obtained through the program website.

Electronic application packets are available through grants.gov

Paper applications must be postmarked and mailed, shipped, or sent overnight no
later than June 30, 2014. Electronic copies must be submitted through grants.gov
no later than June 24, 2014.
Tagged as  Community development, Economic development, Employment

For further information please visit: http://www.raconline.org/

LOAD-DATE: May 9, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              54 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                              May 6, 2014 Tuesday

Utah: Rural Cooperative Development Grant (RCDG)

LENGTH: 217  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Sponsor  USDA Rural Business-Cooperative Service
Deadlines  Jun 30, 2014
Contact

A list of state contacts is available on the program website.
Purpose

The Rural Cooperative Development Grant (RCDG) program awards funding to improve
the economic condition of rural areas by assisting individuals or entities in
the startup, expansion, or operational improvement of rural cooperatives and
other business entities.
Eligibility

Nonprofit corporations and accredited institutions of higher education are
eligible to apply.
Geographic
coverage  Nationwide
Amount of
funding

Total Funding Available: $5,800,000
Award Ceiling: $200,000
Grantees are required to contribute 25 percent of the total project cost.
Application
process

The application package for applying on paper for this funding opportunity can
be obtained through the program website.

Electronic application packets are available through grants.gov

Paper applications must be postmarked and mailed, shipped, or sent overnight no
later than June 30, 2014. Electronic copies must be submitted through grants.gov
no later than June 24, 2014.
Tagged as  Community development, Economic development, Employment

For further information please visit: http://www.raconline.org/

LOAD-DATE: May 7, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              55 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             June 20, 2013 Thursday

Utah: Rural Cooperative Development Grant (RCDG)

LENGTH: 217  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Sponsor  USDA Rural Business-Cooperative Service
Deadlines  Jul 15, 2013
Contact

A list of state contacts is available on the program website.
Purpose

The Rural Cooperative Development Grant (RCDG) program awards funding to improve
the economic condition of rural areas by assisting individuals or entities in
the startup, expansion or operational improvement of rural cooperatives and
other business entities.
Eligibility

Nonprofit corporations and accredited institutions of higher education are
eligible to apply.
Geographic
coverage  Nationwide
Amount of
funding

Total Funding Available: $6,500,000
Award Ceiling: $200,000
Grantees are required to contribute 25 percent of the total project cost.
Application
process

The application package for applying on paper for this funding opportunity can
be obtained through the program website.

Electronic application packets are available through grants.gov

Paper applications must be postmarked and mailed, shipped, or sent overnight no
later than July 15, 2013. Electronic copies must be submitted through grants.gov
no later than July 10, 2013.
Tagged as  Community development, Economic development, Employment

For further information please visit: http://www.raconline.org/.

LOAD-DATE: June 20, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              56 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             June 13, 2013 Thursday

Utah: Rural Cooperative Development Grant (RCDG)

LENGTH: 217 words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Sponsor  USDA Rural Business-Cooperative Service
Deadlines  Jul 15, 2013
Contact

A list of state contacts is available on the program website.
Purpose

The Rural Cooperative Development Grant (RCDG) program awards funding to improve
the economic condition of rural areas by assisting individuals or entities in
the startup, expansion or operational improvement of rural cooperatives and
other business entities.
Eligibility

Nonprofit corporations and accredited institutions of higher education are
eligible to apply.
Geographic
coverage  Nationwide
Amount of
funding

Total Funding Available: $6,500,000
Award Ceiling: $200,000
Grantees are required to contribute 25 percent of the total project cost.
Application
process

The application package for applying on paper for this funding opportunity can
be obtained through the program website.

Electronic application packets are available through grants.gov

Paper applications must be postmarked and mailed, shipped, or sent overnight no
later than July 15, 2013. Electronic copies must be submitted through grants.gov
no later than July 10, 2013.
Tagged as  Community development, Economic development, Employment

For further information please visit: http://www.raconline.org/.

LOAD-DATE: June 13, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              57 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                              June 7, 2013 Friday

Utah: Rural Cooperative Development Grant (RCDG)

LENGTH: 217 words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Sponsor  USDA Rural Business-Cooperative Service
Deadlines  Jul 15, 2013
Contact

A list of state contacts is available on the program website.
Purpose

The Rural Cooperative Development Grant (RCDG) program awards funding to improve
the economic condition of rural areas by assisting individuals or entities in
the startup, expansion or operational improvement of rural cooperatives and
other business entities.
Eligibility

Nonprofit corporations and accredited institutions of higher education are
eligible to apply.
Geographic
coverage  Nationwide
Amount of
funding

Total Funding Available: $6,500,000
Award Ceiling: $200,000
Grantees are required to contribute 25 percent of the total project cost.
Application
process

The application package for applying on paper for this funding opportunity can
be obtained through the program website.

Electronic application packets are available through grants.gov

Paper applications must be postmarked and mailed, shipped, or sent overnight no
later than July 15, 2013. Electronic copies must be submitted through grants.gov
no later than July 10, 2013.
Tagged as  Community development, Economic development, Employment

For further information please visit: http://www.raconline.org/.

LOAD-DATE: June 7, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              58 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                              June 4, 2013 Tuesday

Utah: Rural Cooperative Development Grant (RCDG)

LENGTH: 215 words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Sponsor  USDA Rural Business-Cooperative Service
Deadlines  Jul 15, 2013
Contact

A list of state contacts is available on the program website.
Purpose

The Rural Cooperative Development Grant (RCDG) program awards funding to improve
the economic condition of rural areas by assisting individuals or entities in
the startup, expansion or operational improvement of rural cooperatives and
other business entities.
Eligibility

Nonprofit corporations and accredited institutions of higher education are
eligible to apply.
Geographic
coverage  Nationwide
Amount of
funding

Total Funding Available: $6,500,000
Award Ceiling: $200,000
Grantees are required to contribute 25 percent of the total project cost.
Application
process

The application package for applying on paper for this funding opportunity can
be obtained through the program website.

Electronic application packets are available through grants.gov

Paper applications must be postmarked and mailed, shipped, or sent overnight no
later than July 15, 2013. Electronic copies must be submitted through grants.gov
no later than July 10, 2013.
Tagged as  Community Development, Economic Development

For further information please visit: http://www.raconline.org/.

LOAD-DATE: June 4, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              59 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                    The Daily Globe (Worthington, Minnesota)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             August 3, 2012 Friday

New Vision Co-op, Rock County getting USDA funds

BYLINE: Julie Buntjer, The Daily Globe, Worthington, Minn.

SECTION: BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL NEWS

LENGTH: 636 words


Aug. 03--LISMORE -- The Lismore Telephone Cooperative has been awarded a
$300,000 grant and $740,000 loan from the U.S. Department of Agriculture's Rural
Development program to benefit projects in Rock County.

In a Thursday morning press conference, U.S. Under Secretary for Rural
Development Dallas Tonsager announced funding for 20 loan and grant projects in
12 states. Cooperatives in three Minnesota counties -- Freeborn, Traverse and
Nobles -- were among the recipients. All of the funds are awarded to rural
utility programs who act as a pass-through entity to borrow the funds to
non-profit or cooperative entities.

The Lismore Telephone Co-op (LTC) will reissue the $740,000 loan to New Vision
Cooperative to help fund the construction of its new feed mill near Magnolia.
The 10-year loan will be repaid by New Vision at a rate of 1 percent interest,
with LTC retaining the one percent as "a handling fee" of sorts, according to
LTC board secretary-treasurer Mark Loosbrock.

"We get (the money) from the USDA at 0 percent and lend it to New Vision,"
Loosbrock explained. "It's very well secured. The telephone company wants to
have no risk for its subscribers."

While the $7,400 in interest LTC will earn from the loan "isn't going to do
much" for the cooperative, Loosbrock is more excited about the $300,000 grant
that is coming. The funds will be loaned to Rock County, again at 1 percent
interest over 10 years, but as Rock County repays the funds, LTC will get to
keep all of the money to establish a revolving loan fund. LTC is also borrowing
Rock County an additional $60,000 to be combined with the grant.

According to Rock County Administrator Kyle Oldre, the grant dollars and loan
from LTC will be used to replace three road graders.

"This was a great way for us to get USDA financing for essential equipment,"
Oldre said. "Lismore Telephone Cooperative has been absolutely wonderful to work
with."

As Rock County repays the loan, Loosbrock said the funds will be available to
reinvest in businesses in surrounding communities

"We will keep those funds in a segregated account and be able to assist
businesses in development of jobs," Loosbrock said.

Those funds wouldn't be available to just Lismore, but to other communities and
rural businesses throughout LTC's service territory.

"The good thing is it does not have to be a nonprofit or a co-op," Loosbrock
added. "It can be used by any for-profit business in the community. That's the
real beauty of it."

Projects can include everything from business expansion to development.

"There are no pre-requirements for job creation, but obviously that is our
goal," Loosbrock added.

That is also the goal of USDA-RD in issuing loan and grant dollars.

"We're strongly encouraging these utility companies across the country to form
these kinds of investment funds, have the local involvement that it brings, seek
the resources while they are available and help build up those funds that have a
long-term effect on rural communities," Tonsager said.

During this latest round of funding, USDA-RD awarded nearly $13 million. It
received applications that were first evaluated by state Rural Development
staff.

This is the first time LTC has been awarded a grant through USDA-RD, although
they have been the recipient of loans in the past. Rural Development funds
helped put the telephone cooperative on the "leading edge" as the first in the
area to provide its customers with private telephone lines and most recently to
bring fiber optic cable to subscribers.

"We've always been very visionary as one of the best local telephone
cooperatives," Loosbrock said.

Daily Globe Reporter Julie Buntjer may be reached at 376-7330.

___ (c)2012 The Daily Globe (Worthington, Minn.) Visit The Daily Globe
(Worthington, Minn.) at www.dglobe.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: August 3, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20120803-QG-New-Vision-Co-op-Rock-County-getting-USDA-funds-0803-20120803

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: QG


                         Copyright 2012 The Daily Globe


                              60 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                 Business Line

                            December 29, 2014 Monday

Banking on cooperatives is better business

LENGTH: 782  words


, Dec. 29 -- The need for cooperatives in wealth creation arises mainly because
a cooperative can create more value or surplus than the individual. However, the
organisation and management of cooperatives is complex. It is more complex in
the case of a rural cooperative credit structure as (1) this structure is part
of the overall financial structure and has a contributory responsibility to the
financial stability; (2) it has to abide by the regulatory policy and
procedures; and (3) its capital structure demands continuing infusion of capital
under Basel III.


 Well-governed cooperatives that are tech-savvy and professionally managed have
the capacity to cross-hold risks because of their ability to take on both
banking and non-banking activities. But several initiatives have not succeeded
because of political interference and unsupervised reform agenda. Therefore, a
fresh look at these potential development institutions is imminent.
 The Centre, following the recommendations of the Vaidyanathan Committee,
undertook reforms in rural credit cooperatives with the announcement of a grant
assistance of [#x20b9]15,000 crore although only [#x20b9]9003 crore has been
released to the States that agreed to abide by the conditions attendant on such
assistance. The States that entered into an MoU with Nabard and the Centre were
to bring about amendments to their Cooperative Acts; conduct elections to the
PACS and ensure their democratic governance; computerise all PACS within set
timelines; introduce healthy accounting and audit practices; and ensure that the
entire rural cooperative credit structure gets into financial discipline on par
with the commercial banks.
 Nabard compromised on all the conditions and released grant assistance to
various States at different points of time from 2005 to 2011. All the States
have breached the conditions. Owing to its business interests with the States
due to Rural Infrastructure Development Fund releases, Nabard will not be able
to recall the mis-spent grant assistance. Therefore, the Centre should take the
lead and re-engineer the processes of reforms.
 Currently, the cooperative legislation is biased towards rural cooperative
credit structure. Different treatments are warranted for thrift and credit
societies, housing cooperatives, consumer cooperatives, dairy, fisheries and
commodity cooperatives, weavers' cooperatives, and labour cooperatives distinct
from the Agricultural Cooperative Credit Societies. States have to recognise
this and change their Acts appropriately.
 The 97th Amendment to the Constitution notified on January 13, 2012, and the
attendant amendments to section 43B of Part IV and 243ZQ demand changes in
governance rules of the credit and other cooperatives of various States by
taking up suitable amendments to the existing legislation. While the right to
form a cooperative has been recognised, the other provisions of the Act were
struck down by the Gujarat High Court. The main objection stems from the lack of
consultation with the States on the law.
 Cooperative advocacy and member education are key to ushering in reforms in
cooperatives. The recent efforts of Nabard with consultation from GIZ through
the Centre for Cooperative Excellence hold promise.
 In its present form, Nabard will not be able to meet the goals of cooperative
reforms. It should have a dedicated associate to deal with rural cooperative
credit structure. Cooperative advocacy and member education are the cornerstones
of success of any future efforts of revamping cooperatives. Transparency and
accountability demand heavy investments in technology that the cooperatives can
currently ill-afford and therefore, the Centre would do well to institute a
dedicated fund for the purpose.
 A cooperative grants commission should be set up to encourage promotional
activities such as member education, advocacy, technology infusion and
governance.
 States should set up cooperative development boards to oversee the reforms and
ensure networking of all the cooperative institutions to ensure that there is no
overlapping of efforts and wastage of resources.
 The cooperatives enjoy a vast network and penetration in the rural areas. Hence
they would prove to be the best bet for financial inclusion. Jan Dhan could
penetrate deeper and faster through cooperatives than through commercial banks
and at much lower costs. The benefits of cooperative reforms would outstrip
costs. It is action that is required on a host of well-spun recommendations of
the committees headed by Vaidyanathan and SG Patil. The time is ripe for action.

 The writer is an economist and a former member of the RBI Expert Committee on
Short Term Cooperative Credit Restructuring

LOAD-DATE: September 22, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2014 Tangerine Digital Entertainment Pvt. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              61 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                 Business Line

                            December 29, 2014 Monday

Banking on cooperatives is better business

LENGTH: 782  words


, Dec. 29 -- The need for cooperatives in wealth creation arises mainly because
a cooperative can create more value or surplus than the individual. However, the
organisation and management of cooperatives is complex. It is more complex in
the case of a rural cooperative credit structure as (1) this structure is part
of the overall financial structure and has a contributory responsibility to the
financial stability; (2) it has to abide by the regulatory policy and
procedures; and (3) its capital structure demands continuing infusion of capital
under Basel III.


 Well-governed cooperatives that are tech-savvy and professionally managed have
the capacity to cross-hold risks because of their ability to take on both
banking and non-banking activities. But several initiatives have not succeeded
because of political interference and unsupervised reform agenda. Therefore, a
fresh look at these potential development institutions is imminent.
 The Centre, following the recommendations of the Vaidyanathan Committee,
undertook reforms in rural credit cooperatives with the announcement of a grant
assistance of [#x20b9]15,000 crore although only [#x20b9]9003 crore has been
released to the States that agreed to abide by the conditions attendant on such
assistance. The States that entered into an MoU with Nabard and the Centre were
to bring about amendments to their Cooperative Acts; conduct elections to the
PACS and ensure their democratic governance; computerise all PACS within set
timelines; introduce healthy accounting and audit practices; and ensure that the
entire rural cooperative credit structure gets into financial discipline on par
with the commercial banks.
 Nabard compromised on all the conditions and released grant assistance to
various States at different points of time from 2005 to 2011. All the States
have breached the conditions. Owing to its business interests with the States
due to Rural Infrastructure Development Fund releases, Nabard will not be able
to recall the mis-spent grant assistance. Therefore, the Centre should take the
lead and re-engineer the processes of reforms.
 Currently, the cooperative legislation is biased towards rural cooperative
credit structure. Different treatments are warranted for thrift and credit
societies, housing cooperatives, consumer cooperatives, dairy, fisheries and
commodity cooperatives, weavers' cooperatives, and labour cooperatives distinct
from the Agricultural Cooperative Credit Societies. States have to recognise
this and change their Acts appropriately.
 The 97th Amendment to the Constitution notified on January 13, 2012, and the
attendant amendments to section 43B of Part IV and 243ZQ demand changes in
governance rules of the credit and other cooperatives of various States by
taking up suitable amendments to the existing legislation. While the right to
form a cooperative has been recognised, the other provisions of the Act were
struck down by the Gujarat High Court. The main objection stems from the lack of
consultation with the States on the law.
 Cooperative advocacy and member education are key to ushering in reforms in
cooperatives. The recent efforts of Nabard with consultation from GIZ through
the Centre for Cooperative Excellence hold promise.
 In its present form, Nabard will not be able to meet the goals of cooperative
reforms. It should have a dedicated associate to deal with rural cooperative
credit structure. Cooperative advocacy and member education are the cornerstones
of success of any future efforts of revamping cooperatives. Transparency and
accountability demand heavy investments in technology that the cooperatives can
currently ill-afford and therefore, the Centre would do well to institute a
dedicated fund for the purpose.
 A cooperative grants commission should be set up to encourage promotional
activities such as member education, advocacy, technology infusion and
governance.
 States should set up cooperative development boards to oversee the reforms and
ensure networking of all the cooperative institutions to ensure that there is no
overlapping of efforts and wastage of resources.
 The cooperatives enjoy a vast network and penetration in the rural areas. Hence
they would prove to be the best bet for financial inclusion. Jan Dhan could
penetrate deeper and faster through cooperatives than through commercial banks
and at much lower costs. The benefits of cooperative reforms would outstrip
costs. It is action that is required on a host of well-spun recommendations of
the committees headed by Vaidyanathan and SG Patil. The time is ripe for action.

 The writer is an economist and a former member of the RBI Expert Committee on
Short Term Cooperative Credit Restructuring

LOAD-DATE: September 22, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2014 Tangerine Digital Entertainment Pvt. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              62 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          November 30, 2016 Wednesday

Agency Information Collection Activities; Proposals, Submissions, and Approvals

LENGTH: 641  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington, DC:  This Notice document was issued by the Department of
Agriculture (USDA)



  The Department of Agriculture has submitted the following information
collection requirement(s) to OMB for review and clearance under the Paperwork
Reduction Act of 1995, Public Law 104-13. Comments are requested regarding (1)
whether the collection of information is necessary for the proper performance of
the functions of the agency, including whether the information will have
practical utility; (2) the accuracy of the agency's estimate of burden including
the validity of the methodology and assumptions used; (3) ways to enhance the
quality, utility and clarity of the information to be collected; and (4) ways to
minimize the burden of the collection of information on those who are to
respond, including through the use of appropriate automated, electronic,
mechanical, or other technological collection techniques or other forms of
information technology.





 Comments regarding this information collection received by December 29, 2016
will be considered. Written comments should be addressed to: Desk Officer for
Agriculture, Office of Information and Regulatory Affairs, Office of Management
and Budget (OMB), New Executive Office Building, 725 17th Street NW.,
Washington, DC 20502. Commenters are encouraged to submit their comments to OMB
via email to: OIRA_Submission@OMB.EOP.GOV or fax (202) 395-5806 and to
Departmental Clearance Office, USDA, OCIO, Mail Stop 7602, Washington, DC
20250-7602. Copies of the submission(s) may be obtained by calling (202)
720-8958.



 An agency may not conduct or sponsor a collection of information unless the
collection of information displays a currently valid OMB control number and the
agency informs potential persons who are to respond to the collection of
information that such persons are not required to respond to the collection of
information unless it displays a currently valid OMB control number.

 Rural Business Cooperative Service



 Title: Rural Cooperative Development Grants --7 CFR 4284-F.



 OMB Control Number: 0570-0006.



 Summary of Collection: Section 310B of the Consolidated Farm and Rural
Development Act (as amended) (Pub. L. 107-171) authorizes the Rural Cooperative
Development Grants (RCDG) program. The program is administered through State
Rural Development Offices on behalf of the Rural Business Cooperative Service
(RBS). The primary objective of the program is to improve the economic condition
of rural areas through cooperative development. Grant funds are awarded on a
competitive basis using a scoring system that gives preference to applications
that demonstrate a proven track record. The applicants, who are non-profit
corporations or institutions of higher education, will provide information using
various forms and supporting documentation.



 Need and Use of the Information: Information is collected by RBS and Rural
Development State and Area office staff, as delegated, from applicants and
grantees. RBS will use the information collected to evaluate the applicant's
ability to carry out the purposes of the program. Grantees are required to
submit financial status and performance reports to confirm funds are being
expended as approved and requests for advance or reimbursement to request
payment. If this information were not collected, RBS would have no basis on
which to evaluate the relative merit of each application.



 Description of Respondents: Not for profit institutions.



 Number of Respondents: 55.



 Frequency of Responses: Recordkeeping; Reporting: On occasion.



 Total Burden Hours: 6,342.

 Charlene Parker,

 Departmental Information Collection Clearance Officer.

 [FR Doc. 2016-28677 Filed 11-28-16; 8:45 am]

 BILLING CODE 3410-XY-P





 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: November 30, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              63 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                    Jacksonville Journal-Courier (Illinois)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                            November 20, 2015 Friday

Illinois Electric Cooperative gets $25 million for electric grid upgrades

BYLINE: Jacksonville Journal-Courier, Ill.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 356 words


Nov. 20--WINCHESTER -- Nearly 120 miles of distribution lines through 10
west-central Illinois counties will be part of the improvements targeted by the
Illinois Electric Cooperative through a $25 million low-interest loan.

Officials announced details of the loan Thursday through the U.S. Department of
Agriculture's Rural Development for renewable energy improvements and smart grid
technology.

The upgrades will help improve distribution lines crossing through Morgan, Pike,
Scott, Greene, Calhoun, Adams, Brown, Cass, Jersey and Macoupin counties.

More than $1 million will be used for construction of the cooperative's smart
grid system, which will increase the reliability of electric power by increasing
the utility company's ability to monitor and manage it.

The smart grid improvements will include metering, substation automation,
computer applications, two-way communications, geospatial information systems
and other improvements.

"Electric systems are a key component of the basic infrastructure that our rural
residents rely upon," said Colleen Callahan, USDA rural development director for
Illinois. "Funding these improvements is one more way we're working to improve
the quality of life and global competitiveness of people, businesses and
communities in rural Illinois."

This loan is part of $2.3 billion the USDA has awarded this fall in 31 states.
Funding comes from the USDA Rural Development Electric Program, which makes
loans and loan guarantees to non-profit and cooperative associations, public
agencies and other utilities, primarily for electric distribution in rural
areas.

Illinois Electric Cooperative has previously received $3.9 million in Rural
Economic Development loans and grants for business and community development
projects, a $40,000 Rural Business Development Grant for a feasibility study for
the Interstate 72 corridor and $853,536 in Rural Energy for America Program
funding for wind and solar projects.

___ (c)2015 the Jacksonville Journal-Courier (Jacksonville, Ill.) Visit the
Jacksonville Journal-Courier (Jacksonville, Ill.) at www.myjournalcourier.com
Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: November 21, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20151120-JJ-Illinois-Electric-Cooperative
-gets-25-million-for-electric-grid-upgrades-1120-20151120

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: JJ


                  Copyright 2015 Jacksonville Journal-Courier


                              64 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            October 16, 2016 Sunday

Washington: DelBene Lauds $200k Grant to Boost Rural Economies

LENGTH: 264  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: Office of the MP Suzan DelBene has issued the following news
release:



 Congresswoman Suzan DelBene (WA-01) today praised the U.S. Department of
Agriculture's (USDA) announcement to award the Northwest Agriculture Business
Center a $200,000 Rural Cooperative Development Grant.





 "I'm pleased to see the Northwest Agriculture Business Center receive this
vital funding to help grow the rural economy of Skagit Valley. Our rural
communities help create jobs, especially when provided with innovative tools
like cooperative development grants," DelBene said. "Cooperatives have enabled
local farmers to pool resources to support infrastructure, reduce financial
risks and increase access to new markets, and we should continue to support
these important projects."



 Today, the USDA announced it was awarding 29 grants totaling $5.8 million to
help rural cooperatives create jobs and support business expansion in 22 states
- including Washington. This type of funding has helped more than 4,700
businesses.



 The $200,000 in rural development funds for the Northwest Agriculture Business
Center will be used for business and cooperative model technical assistance to
local farmers in northwest Washington. In June, DelBene wrote a letter of
support for the Northwest Agriculture Business Center's grant application.



 DelBene serves on the House Agriculture Committee and is ranking member of the
Subcommittee on Biotechnology, Horticulture and Research.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:

 editorial@plusmediasolutions.com





LOAD-DATE: October 17, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              65 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            October 16, 2016 Sunday

Washington: DelBene Lauds $200k Grant to Boost Rural Economies

LENGTH: 264  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: Office of the MP Suzan DelBene has issued the following news
release:



 Congresswoman Suzan DelBene (WA-01) today praised the U.S. Department of
Agriculture's (USDA) announcement to award the Northwest Agriculture Business
Center a $200,000 Rural Cooperative Development Grant.





 "I'm pleased to see the Northwest Agriculture Business Center receive this
vital funding to help grow the rural economy of Skagit Valley. Our rural
communities help create jobs, especially when provided with innovative tools
like cooperative development grants," DelBene said. "Cooperatives have enabled
local farmers to pool resources to support infrastructure, reduce financial
risks and increase access to new markets, and we should continue to support
these important projects."



 Today, the USDA announced it was awarding 29 grants totaling $5.8 million to
help rural cooperatives create jobs and support business expansion in 22 states
- including Washington. This type of funding has helped more than 4,700
businesses.



 The $200,000 in rural development funds for the Northwest Agriculture Business
Center will be used for business and cooperative model technical assistance to
local farmers in northwest Washington. In June, DelBene wrote a letter of
support for the Northwest Agriculture Business Center's grant application.



 DelBene serves on the House Agriculture Committee and is ranking member of the
Subcommittee on Biotechnology, Horticulture and Research.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:

 editorial@plusmediasolutions.com





LOAD-DATE: October 16, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              66 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                      Finance & Commerce (Minneapolis, MN)

                           October 10, 2009 Saturday

Minnesota Rural Electric Assn., Dorsey & Whitney to hold energy conference

BYLINE: Finance and Commerce Staff

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 313  words


The Minnesota Rural Electric Association (MREA) and the Dorsey & Whitney law
firm will host a nationwide conference Nov. 12 and 13 at the Minneapolis Hilton
called "Accessing the Electric Cooperative Renewable Energy Market. "

The conference is designed to educate energy developers about the cooperative
market, including the expansion of renewable energy and conservation by co-ops;
the EPA's oversight of carbon under the Clean Air Act; and an overview of the
"Waxman/Markey" measure designed to cap the production of carbon emissions.
MREA's first-ever two-day conference will highlight the $6.6 billion in loans
for energy infrastructure, including renewable energy development, through the
United States Department of Agriculture (USDA).

The USDA's rural development agency, gives co-ops access to millions of dollars
in zero interest loans and grants through its Rural Economic Development Loan
and Grant Program. In addition, Congress has approved more than $800 million in
Clean Renewable Energy Bonds, which are distributed to co-ops by such qualified
lenders as the National Rural Utilities Cooperative Finance Corp. Co-ops
nationwide use such programs to help develop wind energy, bio-digesters, solar
energy, biodiesel fuel, hydro power and other forms of renewable energy.

Conference organizers have invited Jonathan Adelstein, Rural Utilities Services
Administrator and Environmental Protection Agency Administrator Lisa Jackson to
speak. Also expected to attend are Glenn English, CEO of the National Rural
Electric Cooperative Association; Sheldon Petersen, National Rural Utilities
Cooperative Finance Corporation Governor, and others with first-hand knowledge
of accessing the renewable energy market and obtaining federal loans and grants
and private capital. U.S. Rep. Tim Walz also is expected to attend the
conference.

For more information, visit www.mrea.org.

LOAD-DATE: October 11, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: General news

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2009 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved


                              67 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                      Saint Paul Pioneer Press (Minnesota)

                   January 10, 1995 Tuesday WISCONSIN EDITION

RURAL GRANTS AVAILABLE

SECTION: METRO; WISCONSIN BRIEFING; Pg. 3B

LENGTH: 152 words

DATELINE: RIVER FALLS


The University of Wisconsin-River Falls is issuing guidelines for grants to help
rural communities develop cooperative relationships to address common problems.

The Cooperative Development Initiative seeks to remedy problems faced by rural
communities in areas such as health care, housing, retail trade, manufacturing
or education.

One grant each will be awarded in both Wisconsin and Minnesota. Up to $10,000
for training and technical assistance will be awarded to help rural communities,
businesses or associations address rural issues through a cooperative model.

Copies of the grant rules are available through the Rural Development Institute
and can be obtained by contacting Linda Jacobson, associate director of the
Cooperative Development Initiative at (715) 425-0671.

The grant deadline is March 1. Recipients will be notified by mid-April.
Compiled from staff and wire reports.

LOAD-DATE: October 21, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES: This story also appeared in the Metro Final edition.

                     Copyright 1995 St. Paul Pioneer Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                              68 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                              The Bismarck Tribune

                           October 16, 2010 Saturday

SECTION: DAKOTA WIRE; Pg. 1B

LENGTH: 110 words


^AP-SD--Rural Cooperatives-Grant,0090

^Cooperatives in Neb., Dakotas get federal grants

APNewsNow.

WASHINGTON, S.D. (AP) - Cooperatives in Nebraska and the Dakotas have been given
about $225,000 each to improve economic conditions in rural areas of their
states.

The U.S. Department of Agriculture announced it's handing out $8.3 million as
part of its Rural Cooperative Development Grant program.

Among the recipients are the University of Nebraska-Lincoln; the Value-Added
Agriculture Development Center in Pierre, S.D.; the Common Enterprise
Development Cooperation in Mandan, N.D.; and the North Dakota Association of
Rural Electric Cooperatives, also in Mandan.

LOAD-DATE: October 18, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


       Copyright 2010 The Bismarck Tribune, a division of Lee Enterprises
                              All Rights Reserved


                              69 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                         Deming Headlight (New Mexico)

                            March 12, 2008 Wednesday

Economic growth in rural New Mexico

BYLINE: By Ryan Gleason

SECTION: OPINION

LENGTH: 682 words


As the State Director of USDA Rural Development, I have the great privilege to
travel to the far reaches of New Mexico and spend a lot of time in some of our
more rural communities. In making these journeys, I've seen a large number of
towns and villages in which good things are happening. I've also seen that there
are some communities that are having a tougher go of it.

Regardless of which side of this equation a community happens to be on, there is
an almost universal desire to increase the level of economic activity, if for no
other reason than to give the local kids an opportunity to find a job and buy a
home in the town where they grew up. Most of us also instinctively understand
that if we're not growing, we're dying (this seems to be true in our individual
lives as well as the life of our community).

We're fortunate at Rural Development (RD) to administer several programs on
behalf of the US Department of Agriculture in support of increasing economic
activity. Since I joined this agency in May of 2006, I've seen firsthand how RD
can use these programs to help provide financial support to expand business
opportunities - in even the smallest communities in New Mexico.

If you don't believe me, look for Solano on your map of New Mexico. For those of
you who need a hint, Solano is located about halfway between Roy and Mosquero in
Harding County. By anybody's definition, Solano qualifies as "small". In fact,
if the population of the entire county lived in Solano, it would still qualify
as "small" (according to the US Census Bureau, Harding County had 810 people in
2000). Yet we were able to provide financial assistance to equip a welding
manufacturing plant in Solano. This plant is now leased by Hartley Construction
which has created twelve jobs.

Farther south, we awarded an RD grant to the Pecos Valley Bio-Mass Cooperative
which has initiated a feasibility study on how to convert cow manure into
energy. Creating new energy sources like this has been successful in other parts
of the country and I firmly believe that some day soon we will see an energy
producing plant in Chaves County which will both create numerous jobs and
produce a critical source of electricity.

Now is the time to take advantage of the various financing programs offered by
USDA Rural Development. Application deadlines are fast approaching for some of
our business development programs:

March 31 is the deadline to apply for the Value Added Producer Grant (VAPG)
program which allows farmers and ranchers to earn more revenue by turning their
commodities into other higher valued products.

March 31 is also the deadline for the Rural Business Opportunity Grant (RBOG)
which is available to public bodies, non-profits and Native American tribes to
finance training and technical assistance for business development.

Finally, March 31 is the deadline for the Rural Economic Development Loan
(REDLG) program. Through this program we provide zero-interest loans to Rural
Development utility program borrowers (Electric and Telephone Coops). They in
turn re-lend the money to local entities to promote economic development and job
creation projects.

April 8 is the impending deadline for the Rural Cooperative Development Grant
which is used to finance cooperative development centers that promote the
cooperative form of business and for the Small Minority Producer Grant program.
This program benefits cooperatives or associations of cooperatives with at least
75 percent minority representation among their membership and/or governing
board. It also provides technical assistance to small, minority agriculture
producers.

As you can see, we haven't been given much time to get these applications in so
I urge anyone living in rural New Mexico who would like more details on these
programs to contact your nearest local RD office, our State Office at (505)
761-4953, or visit our Web site at http://www.rurdev.usda.gov as soon as
possible.

We look forward to the opportunity to work with you to keep rural New Mexico
alive and vibrant.

Ryan Gleason is USDA Rural Development State Director

LOAD-DATE: July 18, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Ryan Gleason

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


          Copyright 2008 Deming Headlight, a MediaNews Group Newspaper
                              All Rights Reserved


                              70 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                              June 24, 2016 Friday

FEDERAL REGISTER: Notice of Request for Extension of a Currently Approved
Information Collection

LENGTH: 945  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: Office of the Federal Register has issued the following notice:



  DEPARTMENT OF AGRICULTURE Rural Housing Service Rural Business-Cooperative
Service Notice of Request for Extension of a Currently Approved Information
Collection AGENCY: Rural Housing Service (RHS), and Rural Business-Cooperative
Service (RBS), USDA. ACTION: Proposed collection; Comments requested.
----------------------------------------------------------------------- SUMMARY:
In accordance with the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995, this notice announces
the intention of the above-named Agencies to request an extension for a
currently approved information collection in support of debt settlement of
Community Facilities and Direct Business Program Loans and Grants. DATES:
Comments on this notice must be received by August 23, 2016 to be assured of
consideration. FOR FURTHER INFORMATION CONTACT: For inquiries on the Information
Collection Package, contact Anita Outen, Community Programs Specialist,
Community Programs, RHS, USDA, 1400 Independence Ave. SW., Mail Stop 0787,
Washington, DC 20250-0787, Telephone (202) 720-1497, Email
anita.outen@wdc.usda.gov SUPPLEMENTARY INFORMATION: Title: 7 CFR part 1956,
subpart C--``Debt Settlement--Community and Business Programs.'' OMB Number:
0575-0124. Expiration Date of Approval: November 30, 2016. Type of Request:
Extension of a currently approved information collection.

Abstract: The following Community and Direct Business Programs loans and grants
are debt settled by this currently approved docket (0575-0124). The Community
Facilities loan and grant program is authorized by Section 306 of the
Consolidated Farm and Rural Development Act (7 U.S.C. 1926) to make loans to
public entities, nonprofit corporations, and Indian tribes through the Community
Facilities program for the development of essential community facilities
primarily serving rural residents. The Economic Opportunity Act of 1964, Title 3
(Pub. L. 88-452), authorizes Economic Opportunity Cooperative loans to assist
incorporated and unincorporated associations to provide low-income rural
families essential processing, purchasing, or marketing services, supplies, or
facilities. The Food Security Act of 1985, Section 1323 (Pub. L. 99-198),
authorizes loan guarantees and grants to Nonprofit National Corporations to
provide technical and financial assistance to for- profit or nonprofit local
businesses in rural areas. The Business and Industry program is authorized by
Section 310 B (7 U.S.C. 1932) (Pub. L. 92.419, August 30, 1972) of the
Consolidated Farm and Rural Development Act to improve, develop, or finance
business, industry, and employment and improve the economic and environmental
climate in rural communities, including pollution abatement control. The
Consolidated Farm and Rural Development Act, Section 310 B(c) (7 U.S.C.
1932(c)), authorizes Rural Business Enterprise Grants to public bodies and
nonprofit corporations to facilitate the development of private businesses in
rural areas. The Consolidated Farm and Rural Development Act, Section 310
B(f)(i) (7 U.S.C. 1932(c)), authorized Rural Cooperative Development Grants to
nonprofit institutions for the purpose of enabling such institutions to
establish and operate centers for rural cooperative development. The purpose of
the debt settlement function for the above programs is to provide the delinquent
client with an equitable tool for the compromise, adjustment, cancellation, or
charge-off of a debt owned to the Agency. The information collected is similar
to that required by a commercial lender in similar circumstances. Information
will be collected by the field offices from applicants, borrowers, consultants,
lenders, and attorneys. Failure to collect information could result in improper
servicing of these loans. Estimate of Burden: Public reporting burden for this
collection of information is estimated to average 5.3 hours per response.
Respondents: Public bodies and nonprofit organizations. [[Page 41290]] Estimated
Number of Respondents: 35. Estimated Number of Responses per Respondent: 5.5.
Estimated Number of Responses: 193. Estimated Total Annual Burden on
Respondents: 1,041 hours. Copies of this information collection can be obtained
from Jeanne Jacobs, Regulations and Paperwork Management Branch, (202) 692-0040.
Comments Comments are invited on: (a) Whether the proposed collection of
information is necessary for the proper performance of the functions of the
Agency, including whether the information will have practical utility; (b) the
accuracy of the Agency's estimate of the burden of the proposed collection of
information, including the validity of the methodology and assumptions used; (c)
ways to enhance the quality, utility, and clarity of the information to be
collected; and (d) ways to minimize the burden of the collection of information
on those who are to respond, including through the use of appropriate automated,
electronic, mechanical, or other technological collection techniques or other
forms of information technology. Comments may be sent to Jeanne Jacobs,
Regulations and Paperwork Management Branch, U.S. Department of Agriculture,
Rural Development, STOP 0742, 1400 Independence Ave. SW., Washington, DC 20250.
All responses to this notice will be summarized and included in the request for
OMB approval. All comments will also become a matter of public record. Dated:
June 14 2016. Tony Hernandez, Administrator, Rural Housing Service. [FR Doc.
2016-14994 Filed 6-23-16; 8:45 am] BILLING CODE 3410-XV-P





 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: June 25, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              71 of 998 DOCUMENTS



               The Dickey County Leader (Ellendale, North Dakota)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                  May 8, 2014

USDA Announces Additional Support for Small and Midsized Farmers and Ranchers;
Second major small farmer package this year includes research awards, technical
assistance and marketing support

BYLINE: The Dickey County Leader staff

LENGTH: 996  words


WASHINGTON, April 29, 2014 - Today, USDA Secretary Tom Vilsack announced
additional support and resources for America's small and midsized farmers and
ranchers. Today's announcement includes $7 million in university research awards
in support of small and midsized producers; $8.8 million in technical assistance
for small, socially-disadvantaged producers and Rural Cooperative Centers; and a
marketing certification program for small and very small grass-fed beef
producers. This is the second major USDA package this year in support of small
and midsized producers. The first package included efforts to increase access to
capital, provide better risk management tools, expand marketing opportunities,
and offer food safety training and educational resources specific to America's
small and midsize producers. Today's announcement builds on these efforts.

"Small and midsized producers are a vital part of America's agricultural future,
and we are dedicated to ensuring their success," said Secretary Tom Vilsack.
"The programs and opportunities announced today are part of our ongoing
commitment to ensure that smaller farmers and ranchers get access to the
resources they need to thrive. USDA is continually reviewing our resources,
programs and policies to make sure we are working for producers of all sizes."

More information about USDA tools and resources available to small and mid-sized
farmers, including information about today's announcement, is available on
USDA's Small and Mid-Sized Farmer Resources webpage.

Efforts announced by the Secretary today include:

$7 million in grant awards to 10 universities to develop programs that will
assist small and medium-sized farmers grow their operations, enhance their
production and become economically viable. These awards, made by USDA's National
Institute of Food and Agriculture (NIFA) Agriculture and Food Research
Initiative (AFRI) Small and Medium-Sized Farms program, focus on developing
models to assist small farmers in their decision making with respect to
management strategies, new technologies, sustainability, competitiveness and
viability. These awards prioritize strategies enhancing access to markets,
developing local and regional food systems, assessing the impact of economic
changes to new and beginning farmers, and conducting outreach activities which
can inform relevant public policy to enhance --small--farmers'--well-being.--For
example, the University of Illinois received $495,000 to research risk
mitigation participation strategies for small and midsized producers in the
advanced biofuel industry, while Oklahoma State University was awarded $484,000
to research economic development opportunities for small and mid-sized farms in
the local and regional food system. Clarkson University in New York received
$499,000 to study anaerobic digesters for small farms and University of Vermont
was awarded $499,662 to research how to improve the quality of labor management
decisions for small and medium-sized farm operators. A full list of awardees and
their projects is available on the NIFA website.

$8.8 million for technical assistance funding opportunities for small,
socially-disadvantaged producers and Rural Cooperative Centers.

In support of rebuilding America's rural economy, USDA's Rural Development
Agency is making funding available to small and socially disadvantaged farmers
and ranchers as well as Rural Cooperative Centers. The Small, Socially
Disadvantaged Producei Grant program (SSDPG) will make $3 million available to
provide technical assistance to small, socially-disadvantaged agricultural
producers through eligible cooperatives and cooperative development centers.
Awardees will be able to conduct market research, product and/or service
improvement, feasibility studies, training, and implement business plans.
Applications are being accepted through June 30, 2014. More information about
how to apply is on the Rural Development website.

The Rural Cooperative Development Grant Program (RCDG) will make up to $5.8
million available to Rural Cooperative Development Centers, which in turn,
provide technical assistance to individuals and entities improving the economic
condition of rural areas by supporting start-up, expansion or operational
improvement of rural cooperatives and other business entities. Cooperatives have
often been the mechanism used by small and midsized producers to work together
to access new markets or market value added products. Information about how to
apply is on the Rural Development website. In 2013, business and cooperative
funding through Rural Development helped 17,773 rural businesses, including
4,200 farmers and 4,472 small businesses. These investments created or saved
over 41,600 jobs. Under the 2014 Farm Bill USDA will be creating an Interagency
Working Group to improve coordination of programs and services between federal
agencies and national and local cooperatives through the RCDG program.

USDA Certification for Small and Very Small Producers of grass-fed beef.
Administered by USDA's Agricultural Marketing Service (AMS), this new
verification program is tailored to meet the needs of small-scale livestock
producers and the growing grass-fed beef industry. It allows small and very
small-scale producers to certify that their animals meet the requirements of the
grass-fed marketing claim standard, helping them differentiate themselves and
communicate value to their customers. As part of USDA-wide efforts to create
more opportunities for small-scale livestock producers, AMS is targeting
producers that market 49 cattle or less each year by designing a less costly
application process for these producers to use the USDA Certified Grass-Fed
claim. Producers who are certified under the new program will receive
certificates that allow them to market cattle to slaughter facilities as USDA
certified grass-fed, increasing their market value and creating new economic
opportunities throughout the supply chain.

LOAD-DATE: December 2, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Local Government

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: DIC

                      Copyright 2014 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                    Copyright 2014 The Dickey County Leader


                              72 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                 Hidalgo County Herald (Lordsburg, New Mexico)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                  July 3, 2015

USDA seeks applications for grants to help socially-disadvantaged groups in NM

BYLINE: Hidalgo County Herald staff

LENGTH: 483  words


USDA Rural Development State Director Terry Brunner announces the availability
of grant funds to provide technical assistance to rural ag producers from
socially-disadvantaged groups that have experienced race, ethnic or gender
prejudice

"These grants will help women, Hispanic, African-American and other farmers and
ranchers obtain the tools and develop the skills they need to increase their
productivity and the viability of their business in New Mexico's rural areas,"
Brunner said.

Funding is made available through USDA-Rural Development's
Socially-Disadvantaged Groups Grant Program (formerly the Small,
Socially-Disadvantaged Producer Grant Program), which provides funds to
organizations that provide technical assistance to socially-disadvantaged groups
in rural areas. A socially-disadvantaged group is one whose members have been
subjected to racial, ethnic, or gender prejudice. Examples of technical
assistance include conducting feasibility studies, developing business and
strategic plans, and providing leadership training.

USDA is making notice is $175,000. The grant notice is available at
http://www.gpo.gov up to $3 million available nationwide the maximum award under
the program's/fdsys/pkg/FR-2015-05-20/pdf/2015-12225.pdf. Applications submitted
by mail must be postmarked by July 20, 2015. Electronic applications must be
submitted at www.grants.gov no later than midnight Eastern Time July 14, 2015.

Eligible applicants include groups of cooperatives, cooperative development
centers, and individual cooperatives that serve socially-disadvantaged groups.
The applicants can be headquartered in any area, but the groups assisted must be
located in an eligible rural area. Also, the majority of the governing body of
the applicant must be comprised of individuals who are members of
socially-disadvantaged groups.

For more information and applications forms, please contact Jesse Monfort Bopp
at 505.761.4952 or jesse.bopp@nm.usda.gov

USDA Rural Development's mission is to increase economic opportunity and improve
the quality of life for rural residents. Rural Development fosters growth in
homeownership, finances business development, and supports the creation of
critical community and technology infrastructure. Further information on rural
programs is available at any local USDA Rural Development office or by visiting
USDA Rural Development's web site at http://www.rurdev.usda.gov

President Obama's plan for rural America has brought about historic investment
and resulted in stronger rural communities. Under the President's leadership,
these investments in housing, community facilities, businesses and
infrastructure have empowered rural America to continue leading the way --
strengthening America's economy, small towns and rural communities. USDA's
investments in rural communities support the rural way of life that stands as
the backbone of our American values.

LOAD-DATE: June 4, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Local Government

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: HDG

                      Copyright 2015 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                      Copyright 2015 Hidalgo County Herald


                              73 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                        Clovis News Journal (New Mexico)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                           December 17, 2015 Thursday

USDA official to present grants in Clovis, Portales

BYLINE: Brittney Cannon, Clovis News Journal, N.M.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 406 words


Dec. 17--A few area businesses are receiving grants and loans from USDA Rural
Development State Director Terry Brunner today and tomorrow in Clovis and
Portales.

According to Eastern Plains Council of Government Executive Director Sandy
Chancey, Brunner will award Roosevelt County Electric Cooperative with $160,000
in grant money from the Rural Energy for America Program (REAP).

The $160,000 grant will be used to make energy-efficiency improvements at the
co-op's office building with more energy efficient lighting, windows, insulation
and a new heating and air conditioning system, according to a release from the
USDA.

The REAP program offers grants to help farmers, ranchers and rural small
businesses purchase renewable energy systems and make energy efficiency
improvements, said the release.

Brunner will present a certificate of obligation to the cooperative at 1:30 p.m.
today at the cooperative offices on North Main in Portales.

On Friday, Brunner will award Farmers' Electric Cooperative with $38,723,000 in
loans through the development's rural utility services electric program, which
includes $500,000 for smart grid projects, according to an information packet
from the state department.

The funds will be used to build and improve 164 miles of line and make other
system improvements, according to the packet.

DFAM Hospitality, LLC and MEERA Hospitality, LLC are also being awarded B&I
guaranteed loans from the state department for hotel purchases and improvements,
Chancey said.

According to the packet, DFAM Hospitality is being awarded $3,370,150 to
purchase the Comfort Inn and Suites.

MEERA Hospitality, the packet stated, is receiving $2,864,100 to acquire Clovis
Inn and Suites.

In both cases, Western Bank of Clovis guaranteed and made the initial loan.

Brunner will present certificates at 10 a.m. Friday at the Clovis-Carver Public
Library North Annex in Clovis.

Chancey said any business or co-op seeking assistance from the USDA Rural
Development office needs to apply to one of their many programs.

"It can be quite an involved application process," Chancey said. "They have lots
of different programs."

The REAP grant, Chancey said, helps farmers, ranches and small rural business
owners get access to money that helps them make energy-efficient improvements.

___ (c)2015 the Clovis News Journal (Clovis, N.M.) Visit the Clovis News Journal
(Clovis, N.M.) at www.cnjonline.com Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: December 24, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20151217-CJ-USDA-official-to-present-grants
-in-Clovis-Portales-1217-20151217

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: CJ


                       Copyright 2015 Clovis News Journal


                              74 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                           Bangor Daily News (Maine)

                            March 25, 2009 Wednesday
                                  All Editions

Applications available for rural business grants

SECTION: Pg. B6

LENGTH: 210 words

DATELINE: AUGUSTA


U.S. Department of Agriculture Rural Development is accepting applications for
Rural Business Opportunity Grants.

Grants of up to $50,000 per application are available from the Rural Business
Opportunity Grant program for fiscal year 2009 to be competitively awarded. For
multistate projects, grant funds of up to $150,000 will be available on a
competitive basis.

The primary objective of the program is to improve the economic conditions of
rural areas. Assistance provided to rural areas under this program may include
technical assistance for business development and economic development planning.

Grants may be made to public bodies, nonprofit corporations, Indian tribes on
federal or state reservations and other federally recognized tribal groups, and
cooperatives with members who are primarily rural residents and who conduct
activities for the mutual benefit of the members.

The deadline for the receipt of applications in the Rural Development State
Office is March 31.

For information and copies of the application package, contact Mike Grondin,
business and cooperative programs director, at 990-9168.

Applications should be addressed to Michael Grondin, USDA Rural Development
State Office, 967 Illinois Ave., Suite 4, P.O. Box 405, Bangor 04402-0405.

LOAD-DATE: March 25, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2009 Bangor Daily News


                              75 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                             The Kalona News (Iowa)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                               November 12, 2009

USDA recognizes Wellman telephone cooperative for 36 years of partnering

BYLINE: The Kalona News staff

LENGTH: 535  words


U.S. Representative Loebsack Joining USDA Rural Development to Recognize Wellman
Cooperative Telephone Association's Long-Time Partnership with USDA Telephone
Cooperative Has Received $7.67 Million in Financing from USDA Rural Development
Since 1973

U.S. Rep. (Iowa-D) David Loebsack was scheduled to meet with staff from USDA
Rural Development in Wellman at 10:30 a.m. on Tuesday, Nov. 10, to recognize
Wellman Cooperative Telephone Association for its long-time partnership with the
USDA.

Since 1973, the telephone cooperative has received $7,275,000 in financing from
USDA Rural Development's Rural Utilities Service, along with a $400,000 Rural
Economic Development Loan from Rural Development's Business Programs area.

The first funds helped the cooperative establish single-party service, while
funds awarded this year will provide 100 percent fiber to the home, giving
subscribers the capacity to handle high-seed internet and future video and data
speeds.

Wellman Cooperative Telephone Association used the $400,000 loan in 2003 to
assist with an addition at Parkview Manor, a retirement facility in Wellman.
This recognition event is being planned in conjunction with the 60th anniversary
celebration of USDA Rural Development's Rural Utilities Service which was marked
on Oct. 28.

During the past 60 years USDA Rural Development's Rural Utilities Service has
awarded nearly $500 million in loans and grants in Iowa to help companies
improve telecommunications, broadband and distance learning services to rural
Iowans.

Joining Loebsack in Wellman will be Jessica Zufolo, deputy administrator for
USDA Rural Development's Rural Utilities Service, and Bill Menner, USDA Rural
Development State director in Iowa.

Wellman Cooperative Telephone Association can trace its company roots back to
the early 1900s when Wellman Mutual Telephone Company was formed and a
switchboard was purchased. In 1958 Wellman Cooperative Telephone Association was
formed and dial service was added.

Today, the telephone cooperative serves approximately 1,200 subscribers in the
Wellman area, including portions of Washington, Johnson Iowa and Keokuk Counties
and offers high-speed internet, telephone, cell phone and television services
comparable to those available in metropolitan areas.

USDA's telecommunications loan program was established in 1949 to provide
telephone service to rural America. At the time, only one in three farms had
access to telephone service.

As it did with the rural electrification program, the Telephone Loan Program
revolutionized the lives of millions of rural families and businesses by
providing connectivity, access to emergency services and business activities
that fueled economic growth.

Today, Rural Utilities Service provides loans and grants for telecommunication,
electricity and water and environmental services. It is also administering a
program, funded through the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act, to provide
broadband service to underserved communities.

Since 1973, the telephone cooperative has received $7,275,000 in financing from
USDA Rural Development's Rural Utilities Service, along with a $400,000 Rural
Economic Development Loan from Rural Development's Business Programs area.

LOAD-DATE: February 20, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Regional Government

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: KAL

                      Copyright 2009 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                         Copyright 2009 The Kalona News


                              76 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             May 25, 2016 Wednesday

Washington: Hoeven: Senate Agriculture Appropriations Bill Includes Support for
Ag Research & Production, Rural Development

LENGTH: 552  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: Office of the Senator John Hoeven has issued the following news
release:



 Senator John Hoeven today announced that the Senate Appropriations Committee,
on which he serves, has approved the Fiscal Year (FY) 2017 Agriculture
Appropriations Bill. Hoeven worked with his fellow appropriators to secure
funding across a wide variety of programs at the U.S. Department of Agriculture
(USDA) that support priorities for universities, farmers, ranchers and rural com
unities across North Dakota and the nation.





 "Our farmers, ranchers and the rural com unities where they live and work are a
vibrant and vital part of our nation's economy," Hoeven said. "This funding will
support agriculture production in North Dakota and across the country, while
also helping to ensure that our rural residents have a high quality of life and
access to essential services."



 The funding bill provides support for the following programs for FY17:



 AGRICULTURE RESEARCH

 o National Institutes for Food and Agriculture (NIFA) - $1.364 billion - NIFA
is critical to funding agriculture research, cooperative forestry and
cooperative extension programs at America's land-grant institutions, such as
North Dakota State University, and Native American colleges and universities.
Includes funding for research in support of alfalfa and potato production.

 o Agricultural Research Service (ARS) - $1.178 billion - ARS is USDA's in-house
research arm and maintains facilities such as the North Dakota's Red River
Valley Agricultural Research Center in Fargo. Includes funding to organize
cooperative projects to develop effective methods for com ating the sclerotinia
fungus that affects sunflowers, soybeans, canola, edible beans, peas and
lentils.



 FARMERS & RANCHERS

 o Wildlife Damage Management - $102 million - Helps protect human health while
also preventing and managing damage to natural resources, public infrastructure,
private property and agriculture production due to conflicts with wildlife.

 o Value-Added Producer Grants - $10.75 million - Helps agricultural producers
enter into value-added activities related to the processing and marketing of
bio-based products.

 o Water Bank Program - $4 million - Continues the Hoeven Water Bank initiative,
providing com ensation for farmers and landowners for flooded land through
10-year, voluntary conservation agreements, which is especially helpful for
Devils Lake producers.



 RURAL COMMUNITIES

 o Community Facilities Loan Guarantees - $156.25 million - Supports capital
investments in rural America and enables the development of essential com unity
facilities.

 o Distance Learning and Telemedicine Grants - $37 million - Funds capital
improvements, primarily for equipment, for distance learning and telemedicine
projects that serve rural residents.

 o Rural Cooperative Development Grants - $22.3 million - Supports the
establishment and operation of centers for rural cooperative development, which
work to improve economic conditions in rural areas through new or improved
cooperatives.

 o Circuit Rider Program - $17 million - Supports USDA's successful
public-private partnership to provide technical expertise and training to rural
water systems.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com br/>

LOAD-DATE: May 25, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              77 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                US Official News

                           October 31, 2015 Saturday

Illinois Institute for Rural Affairs at WIU Awarded Cooperative Development
Funding from USDA

LENGTH: 372  words

DATELINE: Lahore



    Macomb: Western Illinois University has issued the following news release:



  The U.S. Department of Agriculture Rural Development presented the Illinois
Institute for Rural Affairs (IIRA) at Western Illinois University with a
$200,000 Rural Cooperative Development grant today at the Macomb Food
Cooperative. The award allows IIRA's Illinois Cooperative Development Center
(ICDC) to help start and retain cooperatives and other community-owned
businesses in Illinois.





 "We see cooperatives, which are businesses that are owned and democratically
controlled by people in the community, as a key way to provide needed services,
create jobs and generate capital investment in rural Illinois," ICDC Program
Manager Fred Iutzi explained.



 Rural Development Director Colleen Callahan stressed the importance of
partnerships in driving success for cooperatives and rural communities.



 "The cooperative business model is an effective and flexible tool for community
economic development," she added. "The more we work together the more we can
accomplish. Our partnership with the Illinois Cooperative Development Center
extends the impact of this investment many times over."



 The relationship between Macomb Food Cooperative and McDonough Telephone
Cooperative is a key example of such a partnership, according to Iutzi.



 "It's been a privilege for IIRA to work with both these co-ops to help them
succeed and better serve their member-owners," Iutzi said. "That McDonough
Telephone is now assisting Macomb Food Co-op's start-up by providing use of the
building for the Food Co-op's local marketplace operations illustrates the
economic development snowball effect that a small investment in technical
assistance can have."



 Entrepreneurs and community leaders can access free, one-on-one assistance from
Illinois Cooperative Development Center, view an extensive collection of online
resources on cooperatives, and learn about new IIRA initiatives to empower
community foundations and local economic development agencies to support
community-based co-op business development by visiting iira.org or calling (800)
526-9943.





 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 31, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

               Copyright2015Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              78 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                      Saint Paul Pioneer Press (Minnesota)

                            November 16, 1997 Sunday

GRANT APPLICATIONS SOUGHT FOR RURAL COOPERATIVE PROJECTS

BYLINE: Staff report

SECTION: METRO; Pg. 4C

LENGTH: 302 words


Groups in rural communities of Wisconsin and Minnesota that are working
cooperatively to address local issues are eligible to apply for up to $6,000
worth of training and technical assistance through a program at the University
of Wisconsin-River Falls Rural Development Institute.

The Cooperative Development Initiative will select two projects, one in each
state, to receive technical assistance from RDI personnel and others over a
two-year period.

Generally, projects are undertaken by groups from multiple communities, although
innovative projects from multiple groups within a single community will be
considered.

Requests for proposals - due Dec. 31 -are available now. Applicants must state
the issue being addressed, goals, who is involved, the resources committed to
date, and the kinds of training and technical assistance requested. The grants
will be determined by early February.

Projects the RDI has assisted in its first three years include:

*The St. Croix Valley Regional Tourism Alliance, a consortium of 19 communities
that promote the St. Croix Valley as a tourism destination.

*The Northwest Minnesota Development Achievement Center Cooperative, which
improves services for developmentally disabled adults.

*The Minnesota Agri-Forestry Cooperative, a producer-owned supply and marketing
cooperative of hybrid poplar growers in central Minnesota.

*The Barron County Transportation Coordinating Committee, an effort to improve
and expand transportation in Barron County, Wis.

*The Czech Area Development Committee, involving three Minnesota communities
working to improve area development.

The Cooperative Development Initiative is a project funded by the W.K. Kellogg
Foundation at UW-River Falls. For more information, call (715) 425-3129 or (715)
425-0671.

LOAD-DATE: October 18, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                     Copyright 1997 St. Paul Pioneer Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                              79 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                        The Hawk Eye (Burlington, Iowa)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                          September 18, 2013 Wednesday

BRIEF: HCHC to get $800,000 grant

BYLINE: The Hawk Eye, Burlington, Iowa

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 162 words


Sept. 18--MOUNT PLEASANT -- Henry County Health Center soon will be able to
purchase new equipment thanks to nearly $800,000 from the Rural Economic
Development Loan Program.

Access Energy Cooperative will receive a $300,000 grant and a $495,000 loan from
the Rural Economic Development Loan Program, according to an announcement from
U.S. Rep. Dave Loebsack, D-Iowa.

The cooperative will use the money to create a pass-through loan for HCHC so it
can purchase equipment for its surgical and outpatient departments.

It is expected this project will create three new jobs and assist in retaining
300 existing jobs.

"Residents of rural communities, such as those in Henry County, deserve to have
access to the same medical care as someone living in a larger community," the
2nd District congressman said in a statement announcing the funds.

___ (c)2013 The Hawk Eye (Burlington, Iowa) Visit The Hawk Eye (Burlington,
Iowa) at www.thehawkeye.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: September 18, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20130918-QW-BRF-HCHC-to-get-800,000-grant-0918-20130918

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: QW


                          Copyright 2013 The Hawk Eye


                              80 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            August 7, 2014 Thursday

Hoeven Hosts USDA Under Secretary at Rural Development Roundtable

LENGTH: 420  words

DATELINE: Washington


Office of the Senator John Hoeven, U.S Government has issued the following news
release:

Senator John Hoeven and Senator Heidi Heitkamp, along with local directors for
U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA) Rural Development, today hosted Robert
Bonnie, USDA Under Secretary for Natural Resources and Environment at a rural
development roundtable in Wahpeton with state and local officials.

As a member of the U.S. Senate Agriculture and Appropriations Committees, Hoeven
continues working to support rural development programs and to grow North
Dakota's rural communities. The senator also served on the Senate-House
Conference Committee that negotiated the final version of the new five-year farm
bill, which includes programs in support of rural communities.

"We've been working to ensure that North Dakotans, regardless of their zip code,
have opportunities and the support they need to build vibrant communities,"
Hoeven said. "The economic wellbeing of all our citizens depends on a healthy
rural economy."

As a member of the Agriculture Appropriations Subcommittee, Hoeven worked to
support USDA rural development programs including:

Rural Cooperative Development Grant (RCDG) Program -The RCDG program awards
competitive grants to improve the economic condition of rural areas by assisting
individuals or entities in the startup, expansion, or improvement of rural
cooperatives and other businesses.

Community Facility Guarantee Program - The community facilities program provides
loan guarantees to local governments and nonprofits to construct, enlarge or
improve community facilities for health care, public safety and public services
in rural areas and towns with populations up to 20,000.

Community Facilities Loan and Grant Programs, Tribal College and University
Grants - This program provides tribal colleges and universities with funding for
critically needed infrastructure improvements, to purchase needed equipment and
to develop essential community facilities.

Distance Learning and Telemedicine (DLT) Programs - The DLT program provides
grants for advanced telecommunications technologies to develop enhanced learning
and health care opportunities for rural residents.

Additionally, last week, Hoeven met with Lisa Mensah, who has been nominated to
serve as USDA's Under Secretary for Rural Development. The senator stressed the
importance of ensuring rural housing assistance programs are available to help
growing North Dakota communities.

For further information please visit: http://www.hoeven.senate.gov

LOAD-DATE: August 7, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              81 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                         Deming Headlight (New Mexico)

                           October 22, 2009 Thursday

USDA Rural Development hands out grants

BYLINE: For the Headlight

SECTION: LOCAL

LENGTH: 542 words


ALBUQUERQUE - USDA Rural Development State Director Terry Brunner today
announced that applications are currently being taken for grants through the
Value-Added Producer Grant Program (VAPG), which assists agricultural producers
seeking to add value to the commodities they produce.

"The objective of this grant is to help farmers and ranchers find marketing
opportunities for products derived from agricultural commodities and to assist
them with working capital in the creation of the value added product," explained
Brunner. "At a difficult time in our economy, this grant will strengthen New
Mexico by helping farmers and ranchers realize additional income through this
type of production."

The VAPG can be used for planning activities such as feasibility studies,
marketing and business plans, or for working capital. VAPG grants could be used,
among many other things, to provide a marketing study to determine the sales
potential of diced tomatoes or salsa from chile. Working capital, including
salaries and utilities, could be provided to create bio-materials (plastics,
fiberboard), on-farm renewable energy, and biofuels (ethanol, bio-diesel).
Recently, a grant was awarded to a dairy cooperative in New Mexico to determine
if dairy wastes can be turned into methane gas.

USDA plans to award planning grants of up to $100,000 and working capital grants
of up to $300,000 to successful applicants. Applicants are encouraged to propose
projects that use existing agricultural products in non-traditional ways or
merge agricultural products with technology in creative ways. Businesses of all
sizes may apply, but priority will be given to operators of small and
medium-sized family farms - those with average, annual gross sales of $700,000
or less.

Applicants must provide matching funds equal to the amount of the grant
requested. Ten percent of the available funding is reserved for beginning
farmers or ranchers and socially disadvantaged farmers or ranchers. An
additional 10 percent is reserved for projects involving local and regional
supply networks that link independent producers with businesses and cooperatives
that market value-added products.

The deadline to apply for a Value Added Producer Grant is Monday, Nov. 30. Paper
applications must be submitted to the Rural Development State Office for the
state in which the project will primarily take place. Electronic applications
must be submitted through the Grants.gov Website at http://www.grants.gov ,
following the instructions provided at that site. Inquiries may be directed to
the USDA Rural Development State Office at (505) 761-4953.

For application requirements, consult both the funding notice at
http://www.rurdev.usda.gov/rbs/coops/vadg.htm and the regulations at http:/
www.rurdev.usda.gov/regs/regs/pdf/4284j.pdf .

USDA Rural Development's mission is to increase economic opportunity and improve
the quality of life for rural residents. Rural Development fosters growth in
homeownership, finances business development and supports the creation of
critical community and technology infrastructure. Further information on rural
programs is available at a local USDA Rural Development office or by visiting
USDA Rural Development's Web site at http://www.rurdev.usda.gov/ .

LOAD-DATE: October 22, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


          Copyright 2009 Deming Headlight, a MediaNews Group Newspaper
                              All Rights Reserved


                              82 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                        The Pueblo Chieftain (Colorado)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             August 10, 2007 Friday

Grant to help co-op sell valley produce

BYLINE: Matt Hildner, The Pueblo Chieftain, Colo.

SECTION: BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL NEWS

LENGTH: 454 words


Aug. 10--SAN LUIS -- The Rio Culebra Agricultural Cooperative hopes the clean
air and clean water in Costilla County will one day benefit its agricultural
producers in the marketplace.

"We want to market the place, its clean air, clean land. It's been held in
generations forever," said Bernadette Lucero, a member of cooperative's board.
"We have farmers and ranchers here that have raised organically all their lives
but have never marketed it."

Wednesday, the cooperative got a boost from the U.S. Department of Agriculture's
office of Rural Development in its efforts to secure a site to conduct marketing
operations. The federal agency gave a $98,000 grant to the Costilla County
Economic Development Council, which will write a business plan for the
cooperative.

The plan will consider how to best organize and carry out marketing for beef,
biodiesel oil seed and alfalfa and other forage crops.

"Ultimately the cooperative plans on purchasing a facility to be used as a base
of operations," said Mike Bennett, state director for Rural Development. "The
grant will assist the entity in determining if this goal is feasible and
sustainable."

Lucero, who along with her husband owns a farm where they raise alfalfa and
cattle just east of San Luis, said the cooperative will work. And she hopes to
see it broaden the range of products it tries to market.

"It's not just beef," she said. "We're talking the vegetables and the bolita
beans and the chicos that are grown here."

Lucero said chicos is white corn that is soaked in water then roasted overnight
in an adobe oven with piâ[#x20ac]"on wood before being reconstituted for
cooking.

Suzanne Quintana has been doing the marketing for the lamb, beef, chicken and
eggs that she, her husband and a part-time helper raise outside San Luis. She's
had success marketing her products from Aspen to Santa Fe, N.M.

"There's probably a whole gamut of things that probably could happen," she said.
"I've seen them in other co-ops, so I'm sure it could help."

Quintana also processes milk from her neighbors and hopes to put in a certified
cheese kitchen in the fall.

And like Lucero, she thinks the location and local practices that don't involve
the use of chemicals will be strong selling points.

"We are pretty much blessed with being a very clean place to raise food," she
said.

To see more of The Pueblo Chieftain, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.chieftain.com. Copyright (c) 2007, The Pueblo Chieftain, Colo.
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: August 10, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20070810-PB-Grant-to-help-co-op-sell-valley-produce-0810

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: PB


                      Copyright 2007 The Pueblo Chieftain


                              83 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           September 27, 2016 Tuesday

USDA Announces $18.1 Million to Help Rural Businesses Create Jobs

LENGTH: 928  words

DATELINE: New York



 Phoenix: Retirement System, The State of Arizona has issued the following news
release:

  Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack today announced loans and grants for 92
projects worth $18.1 million to help support the start-up or expansion of rural
small businesses. These funds are part of more than 20,000 grants and loans to
more than 85,000 rural businesses USDA's Rural Business-Cooperative Service has
awarded since the start of the Obama administration.





 "I am proud of the work USDA has done to help small businesses grow in rural
America because they are the engine that creates jobs," Vilsack said. "These
funds will allow small and emerging businesses and the organizations that
support them to get the financing they need to strengthen their operations,
create jobs and expand economic opportunities. Thanks to the 2014 Farm Bill, we
can continue this work in a more streamlined and efficient way to benefit small
businesses and the American taxpayer."



 USDA is awarding the funds through the Rural Economic Development Loan and
Grant (REDLG) program, the Intermediary Relending Program (IRP) and the Rural
Business Development Grant (RBDG) program.



 USDA provides grants or zero-interest loans through the REDLG program to
utilities that in turn fund projects to create and retain employment in rural
areas. Vilsack announced $11.7 million in REDLG loans and grants for 18
recipients.



 One of the organizations receiving funds under the REDLG program is the South
Mississippi Electric Power Association, which has been selected for a $2 million
loan. It will lend part of that to the city of Greenwood, which will buy and
renovate a building for the Milwaukee Tools company. This project is expected to
create more than 100 jobs in Lenore County. Lenore is one of many counties
across the nation USDA has targeted for special assistance through the
StrikeForce Initiative for Rural Growth and Opportunity. USDA launched
StrikeForce in 2010 to increase investments in rural communities through
intensive outreach and stronger partnerships with community leaders, businesses,
foundations and other groups that are working to combat poverty.



 In the Intermediary Relending Program (IRP), Vilsack announced $2.5 million for
three IRP recipients. Colorado's First Southwest Bank is receiving a $1 million
loan for business and community development in 11 counties in the southwest part
of the state. The IRP program provides 1 percent loans to non-profit groups,
cooperatives, federally recognized tribes and public agencies.



 USDA is awarding 71 Rural Business Development Grants totaling $4 million.
Congress established the RBDG program in the 2014 Farm Bill by combining the
Rural Business Enterprise Grant program and the Rural Business Opportunity Grant
program. One of the RBDG recipients, the Tennessee College of Applied
Technology-Morristown, will receive a $110,020 grant to buy state-of-the-art
equipment to train students in advanced manufacturing. The Northern Community
Investment Corporation in Vermont is receiving two grants totaling $454,892 to
establish a revolving fund and to provide technical assistance and professional
consulting to help small businesses.



 Past examples of how these awards have helped grow the economy in rural America
include:



     Sisters Kim Brigham Campbell and Terrie Brigham, in Oregon's Hood River
County, used part of an IRP loan awarded to the Mid-Columbia Economic
Development District to open a retail store. They sell salmon, steelhead,
sturgeon and other fish harvested from sites that have been passed down within
this Native American family for generations. The store opened in May 2014.

     USDA's REDLG program is fueling the growth of a firm in Eastern Kentucky.
USDA awarded a $740,000 REDLG loan to the Jackson Energy Cooperative in FY 2011.
The Cooperative, in turn, loaned a portion of those funds to Senture, which
constructed a building where it provides call-center and support services for
private companies and government agencies. Senture is a family-owned business
headquartered in London.

     In FY 2014, USDA Rural Development awarded a $64,990 Rural Business
Enterprise Grant to Sustainable Northwest, a non-profit in Portland, Ore., to
find commercial uses and markets for Western Juniper. It is a widespread and
often problematic species in central and eastern parts of the state. Sustainable
Northwest is using USDA's grant to help create timber and forestry jobs in rural
Oregon and contribute to ecosystem restoration by identifying additional uses
for Western Juniper wood products.



 The funding for today's awardees totals $18.1 million and is contingent upon
the recipients meeting the terms of the loan and grant agreements.



 President Obama's plan for rural America has brought about historic investment
and resulted in stronger rural communities. Under the President's leadership,
these investments in housing, community facilities, businesses and
infrastructure have empowered rural America to continue leading the way -
strengthening America's economy, small towns and rural communities.



 #



 USDA is an equal opportunity provider and employer. To file a complaint of
discrimination, write: USDA, Office of the Assistant Secretary for Civil Rights,
Office of Adjudication, 1400 Independence Ave., SW, Washington, DC 20250-9410 or
call (866) 632-9992 (Toll-free Customer Service), (800) 877-8339 (Local or
Federal relay), (866) 377-8642 (Relay voice users).

 ee



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content please contact:
editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: September 28, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              84 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             April 5, 2016 Tuesday

Washington: USDA Announces $18.1 Million to Help Rural Businesses Create Jobs

LENGTH: 867 words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Washington: United States Department of Agriculture has issued the following
news release:



 Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack today announced loans and grants for 92
projects worth $18.1 million to help support the start-up or expansion of rural
small businesses. These funds are part of more than 20,000 grants and loans to
more than 85,000 rural businesses USDA's Rural Business-Cooperative Service has
awarded since the start of the Obama administration.





 "I am proud of the work USDA has done to help small businesses grow in rural
America because they are the engine that creates jobs," Vilsack said. "These
funds will allow small and emerging businesses and the organizations that
support them to get the financing they need to strengthen their operations,
create jobs and expand economic opportunities. Thanks to the 2014 Farm Bill, we
can continue this work in a more streamlined and efficient way to benefit small
businesses and the American taxpayer."



 USDA is awarding the funds through the Rural Economic Development Loan and
Grant (REDLG) program, the Intermediary Relending Program (IRP) and the Rural
Business Development Grant (RBDG) program.



 USDA provides grants or zero-interest loans through the REDLG program to
utilities that in turn fund projects to create and retain employment in rural
areas. Vilsack announced $11.7 million in REDLG loans and grants for 18
recipients.



 One of the organizations receiving funds under the REDLG program is the South
Mississippi Electric Power Association, which has been selected for a $2 million
loan. It will lend part of that to the city of Greenwood, which will buy and
renovate a building for the Milwaukee Tools company. This project is expected to
create more than 100 jobs in Lenore County. Lenore is one of many counties
across the nation USDA has targeted for special assistance through the
StrikeForce Initiative for Rural Growth and Opportunity. USDA launched
StrikeForce in 2010 to increase investments in rural communities through
intensive outreach and stronger partnerships with community leaders, businesses,
foundations and other groups that are working to combat poverty.



 In the Intermediary Relending Program (IRP), Vilsack announced $2.5 million for
three IRP recipients. Colorado's First Southwest Bank is receiving a $1 million
loan for business and community development in 11 counties in the southwest part
of the state. The IRP program provides 1 percent loans to non-profit groups,
cooperatives, federally recognized tribes and public agencies.



 USDA is awarding 71 Rural Business Development Grants totaling $4 million.
Congress established the RBDG program in the 2014 Farm Bill by combining the
Rural Business Enterprise Grant program and the Rural Business Opportunity Grant
program. One of the RBDG recipients, the Tennessee College of Applied
Technology-Morristown, will receive a $110,020 grant to buy state-of-the-art
equipment to train students in advanced manufacturing. The Northern Community
Investment Corporation in Vermont is receiving two grants totaling $454,892 to
establish a revolving fund and to provide technical assistance and professional
consulting to help small businesses.



 Past examples of how these awards have helped grow the economy in rural America
include:



     Sisters Kim Brigham Campbell and Terrie Brigham, in Oregon's Hood River
County, used part of an IRP loan awarded to the Mid-Columbia Economic
Development District to open a retail store. They sell salmon, steelhead,
sturgeon and other fish harvested from sites that have been passed down within
this Native American family for generations. The store opened in May 2014.

     USDA's REDLG program is fueling the growth of a firm in Eastern Kentucky.
USDA awarded a $740,000 REDLG loan to the Jackson Energy Cooperative in FY 2011.
The Cooperative, in turn, loaned a portion of those funds to Senture, which
constructed a building where it provides call-center and support services for
private companies and government agencies. Senture is a family-owned business
headquartered in London.

     In FY 2014, USDA Rural Development awarded a $64,990 Rural Business
Enterprise Grant to Sustainable Northwest, a non-profit in Portland, Ore., to
find commercial uses and markets for Western Juniper. It is a widespread and
often problematic species in central and eastern parts of the state. Sustainable
Northwest is using USDA's grant to help create timber and forestry jobs in rural
Oregon and contribute to ecosystem restoration by identifying additional uses
for Western Juniper wood products.



 The funding for today's awardees totals $18.1 million and is contingent upon
the recipients meeting the terms of the loan and grant agreements.



 President Obama's plan for rural America has brought about historic investment
and resulted in stronger rural communities. Under the President's leadership,
these investments in housing, community facilities, businesses and
infrastructure have empowered rural America to continue leading the way -
strengthening America's economy, small towns and rural communities.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:

 editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: April 6, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              85 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            October 4, 2016 Tuesday

Washington: USDA Announces $18.1 Million to Help Rural Businesses Create Jobs

LENGTH: 867  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: United States Department of Agriculture has issued the following
news release:



 Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack today announced loans and grants for 92
projects worth $18.1 million to help support the start-up or expansion of rural
small businesses. These funds are part of more than 20,000 grants and loans to
more than 85,000 rural businesses USDA's Rural Business-Cooperative Service has
awarded since the start of the Obama administration.





 "I am proud of the work USDA has done to help small businesses grow in rural
America because they are the engine that creates jobs," Vilsack said. "These
funds will allow small and emerging businesses and the organizations that
support them to get the financing they need to strengthen their operations,
create jobs and expand economic opportunities. Thanks to the 2014 Farm Bill, we
can continue this work in a more streamlined and efficient way to benefit small
businesses and the American taxpayer."



 USDA is awarding the funds through the Rural Economic Development Loan and
Grant (REDLG) program, the Intermediary Relending Program (IRP) and the Rural
Business Development Grant (RBDG) program.



 USDA provides grants or zero-interest loans through the REDLG program to
utilities that in turn fund projects to create and retain employment in rural
areas. Vilsack announced $11.7 million in REDLG loans and grants for 18
recipients.



 One of the organizations receiving funds under the REDLG program is the South
Mississippi Electric Power Association, which has been selected for a $2 million
loan. It will lend part of that to the city of Greenwood, which will buy and
renovate a building for the Milwaukee Tools company. This project is expected to
create more than 100 jobs in Lenore County. Lenore is one of many counties
across the nation USDA has targeted for special assistance through the
StrikeForce Initiative for Rural Growth and Opportunity. USDA launched
StrikeForce in 2010 to increase investments in rural communities through
intensive outreach and stronger partnerships with community leaders, businesses,
foundations and other groups that are working to combat poverty.



 In the Intermediary Relending Program (IRP), Vilsack announced $2.5 million for
three IRP recipients. Colorado's First Southwest Bank is receiving a $1 million
loan for business and community development in 11 counties in the southwest part
of the state. The IRP program provides 1 percent loans to non-profit groups,
cooperatives, federally recognized tribes and public agencies.



 USDA is awarding 71 Rural Business Development Grants totaling $4 million.
Congress established the RBDG program in the 2014 Farm Bill by combining the
Rural Business Enterprise Grant program and the Rural Business Opportunity Grant
program. One of the RBDG recipients, the Tennessee College of Applied
Technology-Morristown, will receive a $110,020 grant to buy state-of-the-art
equipment to train students in advanced manufacturing. The Northern Community
Investment Corporation in Vermont is receiving two grants totaling $454,892 to
establish a revolving fund and to provide technical assistance and professional
consulting to help small businesses.



 Past examples of how these awards have helped grow the economy in rural America
include:



     Sisters Kim Brigham Campbell and Terrie Brigham, in Oregon's Hood River
County, used part of an IRP loan awarded to the Mid-Columbia Economic
Development District to open a retail store. They sell salmon, steelhead,
sturgeon and other fish harvested from sites that have been passed down within
this Native American family for generations. The store opened in May 2014.

     USDA's REDLG program is fueling the growth of a firm in Eastern Kentucky.
USDA awarded a $740,000 REDLG loan to the Jackson Energy Cooperative in FY 2011.
The Cooperative, in turn, loaned a portion of those funds to Senture, which
constructed a building where it provides call-center and support services for
private companies and government agencies. Senture is a family-owned business
headquartered in London.

     In FY 2014, USDA Rural Development awarded a $64,990 Rural Business
Enterprise Grant to Sustainable Northwest, a non-profit in Portland, Ore., to
find commercial uses and markets for Western Juniper. It is a widespread and
often problematic species in central and eastern parts of the state. Sustainable
Northwest is using USDA's grant to help create timber and forestry jobs in rural
Oregon and contribute to ecosystem restoration by identifying additional uses
for Western Juniper wood products.



 The funding for today's awardees totals $18.1 million and is contingent upon
the recipients meeting the terms of the loan and grant agreements.



 President Obama's plan for rural America has brought about historic investment
and resulted in stronger rural communities. Under the President's leadership,
these investments in housing, community facilities, businesses and
infrastructure have empowered rural America to continue leading the way -
strengthening America's economy, small towns and rural communities.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:

 editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 5, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              86 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            October 4, 2016 Tuesday

Washington: USDA Announces $18.1 Million to Help Rural Businesses Create Jobs

LENGTH: 867  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: United States Department of Agriculture has issued the following
news release:



 Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack today announced loans and grants for 92
projects worth $18.1 million to help support the start-up or expansion of rural
small businesses. These funds are part of more than 20,000 grants and loans to
more than 85,000 rural businesses USDA's Rural Business-Cooperative Service has
awarded since the start of the Obama administration.





 "I am proud of the work USDA has done to help small businesses grow in rural
America because they are the engine that creates jobs," Vilsack said. "These
funds will allow small and emerging businesses and the organizations that
support them to get the financing they need to strengthen their operations,
create jobs and expand economic opportunities. Thanks to the 2014 Farm Bill, we
can continue this work in a more streamlined and efficient way to benefit small
businesses and the American taxpayer."



 USDA is awarding the funds through the Rural Economic Development Loan and
Grant (REDLG) program, the Intermediary Relending Program (IRP) and the Rural
Business Development Grant (RBDG) program.



 USDA provides grants or zero-interest loans through the REDLG program to
utilities that in turn fund projects to create and retain employment in rural
areas. Vilsack announced $11.7 million in REDLG loans and grants for 18
recipients.



 One of the organizations receiving funds under the REDLG program is the South
Mississippi Electric Power Association, which has been selected for a $2 million
loan. It will lend part of that to the city of Greenwood, which will buy and
renovate a building for the Milwaukee Tools company. This project is expected to
create more than 100 jobs in Lenore County. Lenore is one of many counties
across the nation USDA has targeted for special assistance through the
StrikeForce Initiative for Rural Growth and Opportunity. USDA launched
StrikeForce in 2010 to increase investments in rural communities through
intensive outreach and stronger partnerships with community leaders, businesses,
foundations and other groups that are working to combat poverty.



 In the Intermediary Relending Program (IRP), Vilsack announced $2.5 million for
three IRP recipients. Colorado's First Southwest Bank is receiving a $1 million
loan for business and community development in 11 counties in the southwest part
of the state. The IRP program provides 1 percent loans to non-profit groups,
cooperatives, federally recognized tribes and public agencies.



 USDA is awarding 71 Rural Business Development Grants totaling $4 million.
Congress established the RBDG program in the 2014 Farm Bill by combining the
Rural Business Enterprise Grant program and the Rural Business Opportunity Grant
program. One of the RBDG recipients, the Tennessee College of Applied
Technology-Morristown, will receive a $110,020 grant to buy state-of-the-art
equipment to train students in advanced manufacturing. The Northern Community
Investment Corporation in Vermont is receiving two grants totaling $454,892 to
establish a revolving fund and to provide technical assistance and professional
consulting to help small businesses.



 Past examples of how these awards have helped grow the economy in rural America
include:



     Sisters Kim Brigham Campbell and Terrie Brigham, in Oregon's Hood River
County, used part of an IRP loan awarded to the Mid-Columbia Economic
Development District to open a retail store. They sell salmon, steelhead,
sturgeon and other fish harvested from sites that have been passed down within
this Native American family for generations. The store opened in May 2014.

     USDA's REDLG program is fueling the growth of a firm in Eastern Kentucky.
USDA awarded a $740,000 REDLG loan to the Jackson Energy Cooperative in FY 2011.
The Cooperative, in turn, loaned a portion of those funds to Senture, which
constructed a building where it provides call-center and support services for
private companies and government agencies. Senture is a family-owned business
headquartered in London.

     In FY 2014, USDA Rural Development awarded a $64,990 Rural Business
Enterprise Grant to Sustainable Northwest, a non-profit in Portland, Ore., to
find commercial uses and markets for Western Juniper. It is a widespread and
often problematic species in central and eastern parts of the state. Sustainable
Northwest is using USDA's grant to help create timber and forestry jobs in rural
Oregon and contribute to ecosystem restoration by identifying additional uses
for Western Juniper wood products.



 The funding for today's awardees totals $18.1 million and is contingent upon
the recipients meeting the terms of the loan and grant agreements.



 President Obama's plan for rural America has brought about historic investment
and resulted in stronger rural communities. Under the President's leadership,
these investments in housing, community facilities, businesses and
infrastructure have empowered rural America to continue leading the way -
strengthening America's economy, small towns and rural communities.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:

 editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 4, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              87 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             July 30, 2016 Saturday

Washington: USDA Announces $18.1 Million to Help Rural Businesses Create Jobs

LENGTH: 867  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: United States Department of Agriculture has issued the following
news release:



 Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack today announced loans and grants for 92
projects worth $18.1 million to help support the start-up or expansion of rural
small businesses. These funds are part of more than 20,000 grants and loans to
more than 85,000 rural businesses USDA's Rural Business-Cooperative Service has
awarded since the start of the Obama administration.





 "I am proud of the work USDA has done to help small businesses grow in rural
America because they are the engine that creates jobs," Vilsack said. "These
funds will allow small and emerging businesses and the organizations that
support them to get the financing they need to strengthen their operations,
create jobs and expand economic opportunities. Thanks to the 2014 Farm Bill, we
can continue this work in a more streamlined and efficient way to benefit small
businesses and the American taxpayer."



 USDA is awarding the funds through the Rural Economic Development Loan and
Grant (REDLG) program, the Intermediary Relending Program (IRP) and the Rural
Business Development Grant (RBDG) program.



 USDA provides grants or zero-interest loans through the REDLG program to
utilities that in turn fund projects to create and retain employment in rural
areas. Vilsack announced $11.7 million in REDLG loans and grants for 18
recipients.



 One of the organizations receiving funds under the REDLG program is the South
Mississippi Electric Power Association, which has been selected for a $2 million
loan. It will lend part of that to the city of Greenwood, which will buy and
renovate a building for the Milwaukee Tools company. This project is expected to
create more than 100 jobs in Lenore County. Lenore is one of many counties
across the nation USDA has targeted for special assistance through the
StrikeForce Initiative for Rural Growth and Opportunity. USDA launched
StrikeForce in 2010 to increase investments in rural communities through
intensive outreach and stronger partnerships with community leaders, businesses,
foundations and other groups that are working to combat poverty.



 In the Intermediary Relending Program (IRP), Vilsack announced $2.5 million for
three IRP recipients. Colorado's First Southwest Bank is receiving a $1 million
loan for business and community development in 11 counties in the southwest part
of the state. The IRP program provides 1 percent loans to non-profit groups,
cooperatives, federally recognized tribes and public agencies.



 USDA is awarding 71 Rural Business Development Grants totaling $4 million.
Congress established the RBDG program in the 2014 Farm Bill by combining the
Rural Business Enterprise Grant program and the Rural Business Opportunity Grant
program. One of the RBDG recipients, the Tennessee College of Applied
Technology-Morristown, will receive a $110,020 grant to buy state-of-the-art
equipment to train students in advanced manufacturing. The Northern Community
Investment Corporation in Vermont is receiving two grants totaling $454,892 to
establish a revolving fund and to provide technical assistance and professional
consulting to help small businesses.



 Past examples of how these awards have helped grow the economy in rural America
include:



     Sisters Kim Brigham Campbell and Terrie Brigham, in Oregon's Hood River
County, used part of an IRP loan awarded to the Mid-Columbia Economic
Development District to open a retail store. They sell salmon, steelhead,
sturgeon and other fish harvested from sites that have been passed down within
this Native American family for generations. The store opened in May 2014.

     USDA's REDLG program is fueling the growth of a firm in Eastern Kentucky.
USDA awarded a $740,000 REDLG loan to the Jackson Energy Cooperative in FY 2011.
The Cooperative, in turn, loaned a portion of those funds to Senture, which
constructed a building where it provides call-center and support services for
private companies and government agencies. Senture is a family-owned business
headquartered in London.

     In FY 2014, USDA Rural Development awarded a $64,990 Rural Business
Enterprise Grant to Sustainable Northwest, a non-profit in Portland, Ore., to
find commercial uses and markets for Western Juniper. It is a widespread and
often problematic species in central and eastern parts of the state. Sustainable
Northwest is using USDA's grant to help create timber and forestry jobs in rural
Oregon and contribute to ecosystem restoration by identifying additional uses
for Western Juniper wood products.



 The funding for today's awardees totals $18.1 million and is contingent upon
the recipients meeting the terms of the loan and grant agreements.



 President Obama's plan for rural America has brought about historic investment
and resulted in stronger rural communities. Under the President's leadership,
these investments in housing, community facilities, businesses and
infrastructure have empowered rural America to continue leading the way -
strengthening America's economy, small towns and rural communities.





 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:

 editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: July 31, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              88 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                     Monroe County Appeal (Paris, Missouri)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                 March 15, 2012

USDA seeks applications for funding to create jobs in rural areas

BYLINE: Monroe County Appeal staff

LENGTH: 357  words


USDA Rural Development Under Secretary Dallas Tonsager announced today that USDA
is seeking applications for loans and grants to help rural businesses create
jobs and spur economic development.

The funding is being provided under the Rural Economic Development Loan and
Grant (REDLG) program. Eligible recipients are USDA Rural Utilities Program
borrowers that pass the funds to local organizations for job creation and
community development projects. Loan funds can be used for projects to retain
and create jobs, upgrade public infrastructure, improve service delivery or
improve the quality of life for area residents and visitors. The maximum amount
of funding for any one project has been increased to $1,000,000 for loans and
remains at $300,000 for grants.

"The Rural Economic Development Loan program provides an important financial
resource for rural businesses. We appreciate the partnership with our Rural
Electric Cooperatives as we work to support job creation and community
development in rural areas," said Janie Dunning, Missouri State Director for
USDA Rural Development.

Many organizations have used REDLG funds to support job creation. For example,
Architectural Components Group, Inc. will receive a $740,000 zero-interest loan
to assist with financing the expansion of their manufacturing facility located
in the Marshfield Industrial Park. The loan funding is provided in partnership
with Webster Electric Cooperative through the USDA's REDLG program.

USDA plans to award up to $79 million in loans and $10 million in grants under
the Rural Economic Development Loan and Grant program. The deadline for
submitting applications is the last business day of each month during FY 2012.
Anyone seeking more information about the Rural Economic Development Loan and
Grant program may visit the Missouri USDA Rural Development website at
http://www.rurdev.usda.gov/mo or by contacting the Business Programs section at
573-876-9321.

Missouri USDA Rural Development strives to continue to improve the economic
stability of rural communities, businesses, residents, farmers and ranchers and
improve the quality of life in rural America.

LOAD-DATE: May 9, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Economy

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: MCA

                      Copyright 2012 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                      Copyright 2012 Monroe County Appeal


                              89 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                              The Bismarck Tribune

                           November 26, 2013 Tuesday

USDA OKs $400,000 in grants

SECTION: DAKOTA WIRE; Pg. 1B

LENGTH: 90 words


The U.S. Department of Agriculture has given $400,000 in grants to North Dakota
businesses.

The Common Enterprise Development Corp. and the North Dakota Association of
Rural Electric Cooperatives each received $200,000 grants.

The funding, provided by the USDA Rural Cooperative Development Grant program,
will help the Common Enterprise and NDaREC provide resources in rural areas.

The funds are intended to help rural cooperatives and small businesses grow and
create more jobs while improving economic conditions in rural areas.

- Lexi Jorgenson

LOAD-DATE: November 26, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


       Copyright 2013 The Bismarck Tribune, a division of Lee Enterprises
                              All Rights Reserved


                              90 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                         Brattleboro Reformer (Vermont)

                            August 15, 2013 Thursday

Winchester awaiting news of USDA grant

BYLINE: By DOMENIC POLI / Reformer Staff

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 498 words


Thursday August 15, 2013

WINCHESTER, N.H. -- The town has applied for a Community Development Block Grant
to help rebuild 15 duplexes of an aging housing project.

Wedgewood, which utilizes U.S. Department of Agriculture Rural Development money
and was purchased by the Keene Housing Authority 10 years ago, is more than 40
years old and sits along Route 10 near the downtown area. The new grant would be
administered by the USDA's Pre-Development Planning Grant program, which awards
pre-development and planning funds to projects in rural communities.

Keith Thibault, chief development officer for Southwestern Community Services, a
non-profit organization based in Keene that develops much of the region's
low-income housing and works in collaboration with KHA, told the Reformer the
town has applied for up to $500,000 in Community Development Block Grants.

He said the plan is to use the funds to tear down the 15 duplexes, which make up
30 housing units, and rebuild them in a fashion that makes sense for the site.
Thibault said the units face some topographical challenges, as some stand on wet
land.

He said Southwestern Community Services, which manages low- to moderate-income
housing developments and owns 60 units in Winchester, will take ownership of the
15 Wedgewood duplexes once the project is completed.

Thibault said Winchester applied for the same grant last year but was denied. He
said the town likely will find out by the end of October if it will receive the
money and, if it does, construction could start next April or May.

"We think we're doing good by the town and the town is supporting us by applying
for the grant," he said, adding that only towns can apply for the CDBG grants.
"I think we have a real good chance this year. I really do."

Winchester Town Administrator Shelly Walker was out of the office last week and
unavailable for comment.

But Winchester is just one of the two Cheshire County towns vying for CDBG
money. Hinsdale has also applied for a grant -- also for up to $500,000 -- to
upgrade Oak Hill Acres Cooperative's sewer and water infrastructure. Town
Administrator Jill Collins said a feasibility study conducted a few years ago
revealed the need for the improvements. Hinsdale also has applied for $800,000
in Rural Development Grants.

Oak Hill Acres Cooperative, a local cooperative housing park, already has
learned it will receive a $11,250 federal grant that will allow an engineer to
conduct preliminary engineering and environmental reports to repair its leaking
water system, which supports the community's 47 homes.

"Clean water is essential to every community," stated U.S. Rep. Ann Kuster,
D-N.H., in a press release. "This funding will help residents of the park repair
their water system and remain in their homes. I applaud the residents of Oak
Hill Acres for their planning and foresight in seeking these funds."

Domenic Poli can be reached atdpoli@reformer.com , or 802-254-2311, ext. 277.
You can follow him on Twitter @dpoli_reformer.

LOAD-DATE: August 16, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


   Copyright 2013 MediaNews Group, Inc. and New England Newspaper Group Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              91 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           September 27, 2016 Tuesday

USDA Announces $18.1 Million to Help Rural Businesses Create Jobs

LENGTH: 928  words

DATELINE: New York



 Phoenix: U.S Department of Agriculture, The State of Arizona has issued the
following news release:



  Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack today announced loans and grants for 92
projects worth $18.1 million to help support the start-up or expansion of rural
small businesses. These funds are part of more than 20,000 grants and loans to
more than 85,000 rural businesses USDA's Rural Business-Cooperative Service has
awarded since the start of the Obama administration.





 "I am proud of the work USDA has done to help small businesses grow in rural
America because they are the engine that creates jobs," Vilsack said. "These
funds will allow small and emerging businesses and the organizations that
support them to get the financing they need to strengthen their operations,
create jobs and expand economic opportunities. Thanks to the 2014 Farm Bill, we
can continue this work in a more streamlined and efficient way to benefit small
businesses and the American taxpayer."



 USDA is awarding the funds through the Rural Economic Development Loan and
Grant (REDLG) program, the Intermediary Relending Program (IRP) and the Rural
Business Development Grant (RBDG) program.



 USDA provides grants or zero-interest loans through the REDLG program to
utilities that in turn fund projects to create and retain employment in rural
areas. Vilsack announced $11.7 million in REDLG loans and grants for 18
recipients.



 One of the organizations receiving funds under the REDLG program is the South
Mississippi Electric Power Association, which has been selected for a $2 million
loan. It will lend part of that to the city of Greenwood, which will buy and
renovate a building for the Milwaukee Tools company. This project is expected to
create more than 100 jobs in Lenore County. Lenore is one of many counties
across the nation USDA has targeted for special assistance through the
StrikeForce Initiative for Rural Growth and Opportunity. USDA launched
StrikeForce in 2010 to increase investments in rural communities through
intensive outreach and stronger partnerships with community leaders, businesses,
foundations and other groups that are working to combat poverty.



 In the Intermediary Relending Program (IRP), Vilsack announced $2.5 million for
three IRP recipients. Colorado's First Southwest Bank is receiving a $1 million
loan for business and community development in 11 counties in the southwest part
of the state. The IRP program provides 1 percent loans to non-profit groups,
cooperatives, federally recognized tribes and public agencies.



 USDA is awarding 71 Rural Business Development Grants totaling $4 million.
Congress established the RBDG program in the 2014 Farm Bill by combining the
Rural Business Enterprise Grant program and the Rural Business Opportunity Grant
program. One of the RBDG recipients, the Tennessee College of Applied
Technology-Morristown, will receive a $110,020 grant to buy state-of-the-art
equipment to train students in advanced manufacturing. The Northern Community
Investment Corporation in Vermont is receiving two grants totaling $454,892 to
establish a revolving fund and to provide technical assistance and professional
consulting to help small businesses.



 Past examples of how these awards have helped grow the economy in rural America
include:



     Sisters Kim Brigham Campbell and Terrie Brigham, in Oregon's Hood River
County, used part of an IRP loan awarded to the Mid-Columbia Economic
Development District to open a retail store. They sell salmon, steelhead,
sturgeon and other fish harvested from sites that have been passed down within
this Native American family for generations. The store opened in May 2014.

     USDA's REDLG program is fueling the growth of a firm in Eastern Kentucky.
USDA awarded a $740,000 REDLG loan to the Jackson Energy Cooperative in FY 2011.
The Cooperative, in turn, loaned a portion of those funds to Senture, which
constructed a building where it provides call-center and support services for
private companies and government agencies. Senture is a family-owned business
headquartered in London.

     In FY 2014, USDA Rural Development awarded a $64,990 Rural Business
Enterprise Grant to Sustainable Northwest, a non-profit in Portland, Ore., to
find commercial uses and markets for Western Juniper. It is a widespread and
often problematic species in central and eastern parts of the state. Sustainable
Northwest is using USDA's grant to help create timber and forestry jobs in rural
Oregon and contribute to ecosystem restoration by identifying additional uses
for Western Juniper wood products.



 The funding for today's awardees totals $18.1 million and is contingent upon
the recipients meeting the terms of the loan and grant agreements.



 President Obama's plan for rural America has brought about historic investment
and resulted in stronger rural communities. Under the President's leadership,
these investments in housing, community facilities, businesses and
infrastructure have empowered rural America to continue leading the way -
strengthening America's economy, small towns and rural communities.



 #



 USDA is an equal opportunity provider and employer. To file a complaint of
discrimination, write: USDA, Office of the Assistant Secretary for Civil Rights,
Office of Adjudication, 1400 Independence Ave., SW, Washington, DC 20250-9410 or
call (866) 632-9992 (Toll-free Customer Service), (800) 877-8339 (Local or
Federal relay), (866) 377-8642 (Relay voice users).



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content please contact:
editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: September 28, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              92 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            October 4, 2016 Tuesday

FEDERAL REGISTER: Notice of Request for Extension of a Currently Approved
Information Collection Pages 68402 - 68402 [FR DOC # 2016-23914]

LENGTH: 707  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: Office of the Federal Register has issued the following notice:



 DEPARTMENT OF AGRICULTURE Rural Business-Cooperative Service Notice of Request
for Extension of a Currently Approved Information Collection AGENCY: Rural
Business-Cooperative Service, USDA. ACTION: Proposed collection; comments
requested.

----------------------------------------------------------------------- SUMMARY:
In accordance with the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995, this notice announces
the Rural Business-Cooperative Service's intention to request an extension for a
currently approved information collection in support of the Rural Economic
Development Loan and Grant Program. DATES: Comments on this notice must be
received by December 5, 2016, to be assured of consideration. FOR FURTHER
INFORMATION CONTACT: Director, Specialty Programs Division, Rural Business-
Cooperative Service, U.S. Department of Agriculture, STOP 3226, 1400
Independence Avenue SW., Washington, DC 20250-3226, Telephone (202) 720-1400.
SUPPLEMENTARY INFORMATION: Title: Rural Economic Development Loan and Grant
Program. OMB Number: 0570-0035. Expiration Date of Approval: February 28, 2017.
Type of Request: Extension of a currently approved information collection.
Abstract: Under this program, loans and grants are provided to electric and
telecommunications utilities that have borrowed funds from the Agency. The
purpose of the program is to encourage these electric and telecommunications
utilities to promote rural economic development and job creation projects such
as business start-up costs, business expansion, community development, and
business incubator projects. The utilities must use program loan funds to make a
pass-through loan to an ultimate recipient such as a business. The utility is
responsible for fully repaying its loan to the Government, even if the ultimate
recipient does not repay its loan. The intermediary must use program grant
funds, along with its required contribution, to create a revolving loan fund
that the utility will operate and administer. Loans to the ultimate recipient
are made from the revolving loan fund for a variety of community development
projects. The information requested is necessary and vital in order for the
Agency to be able to make prudent and financial analysis decisions. Estimate of
Burden: Public reporting burden for this collection of information is estimated
to average 2 hours per response. Respondents: Rural Utilities Service Electric
and Telecommunications Borrowers. Estimated Number of Respondents: 120.
Estimated Number of Responses per Respondent: 17. Estimated Number of Responses:
2,075. Estimated Total Annual Burden on Respondents: 4,728. Copies of this
information collection can be obtained from Jeanne Jacobs, Regulations and
Paperwork Management Branch, Support Services Division at (202) 692-0040.
Comments: Comments are invited on: (a) Whether the proposed collection of
information is necessary for the proper performance of the functions of USDA,
including whether the information will have practical utility; (b) the accuracy
of USDA's estimate of the burden of the proposed collection of information
including the validity of the methodology and assumptions used; (c) ways to
enhance the quality, utility and clarity of the information to be collected; and
(d) ways to minimize the burden of the collection of information on those who
are to respond, including through the use of appropriate automated, electronic,
mechanical, or other technological collection techniques or other forms of
information technology. Comments may be sent to Jeanne Jacobs, Regulations and
Paperwork Management Branch, Support Services Division, U.S. Department of
Agriculture, Rural Development, STOP 0742, 1400 Independence Avenue SW.,
Washington, DC 20250-0742. All responses to this notice will be summarized and
included in the request for OMB approval. All comments will also become a matter
of public record. Dated: September 28, 2016. Justin Hatmaker, Acting
Administrator, Rural Business-Cooperative Service. [FR Doc. 2016-23914 Filed
10-3-16; 8:45 am] BILLING CODE 3410-XY-P



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 5, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              93 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            October 4, 2016 Tuesday

FEDERAL REGISTER: Notice of Request for Extension of a Currently Approved
Information Collection Pages 68402 - 68402 [FR DOC # 2016-23914]

LENGTH: 707  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: Office of the Federal Register has issued the following notice:



 DEPARTMENT OF AGRICULTURE Rural Business-Cooperative Service Notice of Request
for Extension of a Currently Approved Information Collection AGENCY: Rural
Business-Cooperative Service, USDA. ACTION: Proposed collection; comments
requested.

----------------------------------------------------------------------- SUMMARY:
In accordance with the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995, this notice announces
the Rural Business-Cooperative Service's intention to request an extension for a
currently approved information collection in support of the Rural Economic
Development Loan and Grant Program. DATES: Comments on this notice must be
received by December 5, 2016, to be assured of consideration. FOR FURTHER
INFORMATION CONTACT: Director, Specialty Programs Division, Rural Business-
Cooperative Service, U.S. Department of Agriculture, STOP 3226, 1400
Independence Avenue SW., Washington, DC 20250-3226, Telephone (202) 720-1400.
SUPPLEMENTARY INFORMATION: Title: Rural Economic Development Loan and Grant
Program. OMB Number: 0570-0035. Expiration Date of Approval: February 28, 2017.
Type of Request: Extension of a currently approved information collection.
Abstract: Under this program, loans and grants are provided to electric and
telecommunications utilities that have borrowed funds from the Agency. The
purpose of the program is to encourage these electric and telecommunications
utilities to promote rural economic development and job creation projects such
as business start-up costs, business expansion, community development, and
business incubator projects. The utilities must use program loan funds to make a
pass-through loan to an ultimate recipient such as a business. The utility is
responsible for fully repaying its loan to the Government, even if the ultimate
recipient does not repay its loan. The intermediary must use program grant
funds, along with its required contribution, to create a revolving loan fund
that the utility will operate and administer. Loans to the ultimate recipient
are made from the revolving loan fund for a variety of community development
projects. The information requested is necessary and vital in order for the
Agency to be able to make prudent and financial analysis decisions. Estimate of
Burden: Public reporting burden for this collection of information is estimated
to average 2 hours per response. Respondents: Rural Utilities Service Electric
and Telecommunications Borrowers. Estimated Number of Respondents: 120.
Estimated Number of Responses per Respondent: 17. Estimated Number of Responses:
2,075. Estimated Total Annual Burden on Respondents: 4,728. Copies of this
information collection can be obtained from Jeanne Jacobs, Regulations and
Paperwork Management Branch, Support Services Division at (202) 692-0040.
Comments: Comments are invited on: (a) Whether the proposed collection of
information is necessary for the proper performance of the functions of USDA,
including whether the information will have practical utility; (b) the accuracy
of USDA's estimate of the burden of the proposed collection of information
including the validity of the methodology and assumptions used; (c) ways to
enhance the quality, utility and clarity of the information to be collected; and
(d) ways to minimize the burden of the collection of information on those who
are to respond, including through the use of appropriate automated, electronic,
mechanical, or other technological collection techniques or other forms of
information technology. Comments may be sent to Jeanne Jacobs, Regulations and
Paperwork Management Branch, Support Services Division, U.S. Department of
Agriculture, Rural Development, STOP 0742, 1400 Independence Avenue SW.,
Washington, DC 20250-0742. All responses to this notice will be summarized and
included in the request for OMB approval. All comments will also become a matter
of public record. Dated: September 28, 2016. Justin Hatmaker, Acting
Administrator, Rural Business-Cooperative Service. [FR Doc. 2016-23914 Filed
10-3-16; 8:45 am] BILLING CODE 3410-XY-P



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 5, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              94 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            October 4, 2016 Tuesday

FEDERAL REGISTER: Notice of Request for Extension of a Currently Approved
Information Collection Pages 68402 - 68402 [FR DOC # 2016-23914]

LENGTH: 707  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: Office of the Federal Register has issued the following notice:



 DEPARTMENT OF AGRICULTURE Rural Business-Cooperative Service Notice of Request
for Extension of a Currently Approved Information Collection AGENCY: Rural
Business-Cooperative Service, USDA. ACTION: Proposed collection; comments
requested.

----------------------------------------------------------------------- SUMMARY:
In accordance with the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995, this notice announces
the Rural Business-Cooperative Service's intention to request an extension for a
currently approved information collection in support of the Rural Economic
Development Loan and Grant Program. DATES: Comments on this notice must be
received by December 5, 2016, to be assured of consideration. FOR FURTHER
INFORMATION CONTACT: Director, Specialty Programs Division, Rural Business-
Cooperative Service, U.S. Department of Agriculture, STOP 3226, 1400
Independence Avenue SW., Washington, DC 20250-3226, Telephone (202) 720-1400.
SUPPLEMENTARY INFORMATION: Title: Rural Economic Development Loan and Grant
Program. OMB Number: 0570-0035. Expiration Date of Approval: February 28, 2017.
Type of Request: Extension of a currently approved information collection.
Abstract: Under this program, loans and grants are provided to electric and
telecommunications utilities that have borrowed funds from the Agency. The
purpose of the program is to encourage these electric and telecommunications
utilities to promote rural economic development and job creation projects such
as business start-up costs, business expansion, community development, and
business incubator projects. The utilities must use program loan funds to make a
pass-through loan to an ultimate recipient such as a business. The utility is
responsible for fully repaying its loan to the Government, even if the ultimate
recipient does not repay its loan. The intermediary must use program grant
funds, along with its required contribution, to create a revolving loan fund
that the utility will operate and administer. Loans to the ultimate recipient
are made from the revolving loan fund for a variety of community development
projects. The information requested is necessary and vital in order for the
Agency to be able to make prudent and financial analysis decisions. Estimate of
Burden: Public reporting burden for this collection of information is estimated
to average 2 hours per response. Respondents: Rural Utilities Service Electric
and Telecommunications Borrowers. Estimated Number of Respondents: 120.
Estimated Number of Responses per Respondent: 17. Estimated Number of Responses:
2,075. Estimated Total Annual Burden on Respondents: 4,728. Copies of this
information collection can be obtained from Jeanne Jacobs, Regulations and
Paperwork Management Branch, Support Services Division at (202) 692-0040.
Comments: Comments are invited on: (a) Whether the proposed collection of
information is necessary for the proper performance of the functions of USDA,
including whether the information will have practical utility; (b) the accuracy
of USDA's estimate of the burden of the proposed collection of information
including the validity of the methodology and assumptions used; (c) ways to
enhance the quality, utility and clarity of the information to be collected; and
(d) ways to minimize the burden of the collection of information on those who
are to respond, including through the use of appropriate automated, electronic,
mechanical, or other technological collection techniques or other forms of
information technology. Comments may be sent to Jeanne Jacobs, Regulations and
Paperwork Management Branch, Support Services Division, U.S. Department of
Agriculture, Rural Development, STOP 0742, 1400 Independence Avenue SW.,
Washington, DC 20250-0742. All responses to this notice will be summarized and
included in the request for OMB approval. All comments will also become a matter
of public record. Dated: September 28, 2016. Justin Hatmaker, Acting
Administrator, Rural Business-Cooperative Service. [FR Doc. 2016-23914 Filed
10-3-16; 8:45 am] BILLING CODE 3410-XY-P



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 4, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              95 of 998 DOCUMENTS

              Copyright 2017 GlobalData Ltd., All Rights Reserved
                              GlobalData - Events

                               February 27, 2017

                          Nobles Cooperative Electric

                              22636 US Highway 59
                             Worthington 56187-0788
                                 United States

* * * * * * * * * * EVENTS * * * * * * * * * *


USDA Announces Funding To Improve Rural Electric Services

   Sep 20, 2012

   United States Department of Agriculture (USDA) announced the latest in a
series of loan guarantees to finance improved efficiency and modernization rural
electric generation and transmission systems.Dallas Tonsager, rural development
under secretary, made the announcement on behalf of Tom Vilsack, secretary of
USDA, during a speech in Minneapolis to the National Rural Electric Cooperative
Association.Vilsack said, "These loan guarantees will bring expanded, modern
electric services to rural businesses and residential customers. Several of the
loans include funding to help utilities and cooperatives adopt smart grid
technologies to modernize electric systems." One of the guaranteed loan
recipients is Nobles Cooperative Electric, which serves several counties in
southwestern Minnesota as well as Lyon and Osceola counties in northwestern
Iowa. Nobles Cooperative Electric was selected for a $6.7m loan guarantee to
build and improve 63 miles of distribution line and make other system
improvements. The loan amount includes $850,000 in smart grid projects.
Residents elsewhere in Iowa will benefit from loans to rural utilities and
cooperatives. Associated Electric Cooperative, Inc. is receiving a $24.6m loan
guarantee to build new substations, a new switching station and a spare
transformer to improve service for customers in Iowa, Missouri and Oklahoma. The
Gundy Electric Cooperative, Inc., which serves customers in Iowa and Missouri,
was selected for a $5m loan guarantee to build and improve 18 miles of
distribution line and make other system improvements. The loan amount includes
over $700,000 in smart grid projects. Vilsack announced earlier September 2012
that USDA met its goal to finance $250m in smart grid technologies in fiscal
year 2012. This announcement includes support for nearly $10m in smart grid
technologies. The following is a list of rural utilities that will receive USDA
funding, which is contingent upon the recipient meeting the terms of the loan
agreement. Middle Georgia Electric Membership Corporation â[#x20ac]" $6.3m.
Funds will be used to serve 736 consumers, build and improve 141 miles of
distribution line, and make other system improvements. The loan amount includes
$157,000 in smart grid projects. The Victory Electric Cooperative Association,
Inc. â[#x20ac]" $37m. Funds will be used to serve 831 consumers, build and
improve 143 miles of distribution line and 142 miles of transmission line, and
make other system improvements. The loan amount includes $2,430,500 in smart
grid projects. Twin Valley Electric Cooperative, Inc. â[#x20ac]" $7.2m. Funds
will be used to serve 603 consumers, build and improve 56 miles of distribution
line, and make other system improvements. The loan amount includes $675,000 in
smart grid projects. Nobles Cooperative Electric â[#x20ac]" $6.7m. Funds will be
used to serve 152 consumers, build and improve 63 miles of distribution line,
and make other system improvements. The loan amount includes $854,100 in smart
grid projects. Se-Ma-No Electric Cooperative â[#x20ac]" $2m. Funds will be used
to serve 380 consumers, build and improve 67 miles of distribution line, and
make other system improvements. The loan amount includes $41,800 in smart grid
projects. Sac Osage Electric Cooperative, Inc. â[#x20ac]" $9m. Funds will be
used to serve 713 consumers, build and improve 70 miles of distribution line,
and make other system improvements. The loan amount includes $775,500 in smart
grid projects. Three Rivers Electric Cooperative â[#x20ac]" $5.3m. Funds will be
used to serve 272 consumers, build and improve 20 miles of distribution line,
and make other system improvements. Grundy Electric Cooperative, Inc. â[#x20ac]"
$5m. Funds will be used to serve 332 consumers, build and improve 18 miles of
distribution line, and make other system improvements. The loan amount includes
$703,000 in smart grid projects. Associated Electric Cooperative, Inc.
â[#x20ac]" $24.63m. Funds will be used to build new substations, one new
switching station and a spare transformer. The Midwest Electric Corporation
â[#x20ac]" $6.47m. Funds will be used to serve 409 consumers, build and improve
175 miles of distribution line and 22 lines of transmission line, and make other
system improvements. The loan amount includes $612,600 in smart grid projects.
United Electric Cooperative Service, Inc. â[#x20ac]" $50m. Funds will be used to
serve 7,572 consumers, build and improve 1,097 miles of distribution line, and
make other system improvements. The loan amount includes $3,322,341 in smart
grid projects. Prince George Electric Cooperative â[#x20ac]" $8.42m. Funds will
be to serve 1,690 consumers, build and improve 85 miles of distribution line,
and make other system improvements. The loan amount includes $231,400 in smart
grid projects. The $168m in loan guarantees announced are provided by USDA Rural
Development's Rural Utilities Service. The funding helps electric utilities
upgrade, expand, maintain and replace rural America's electric infrastructure.
USDA Rural Development also funds energy conservation and renewable energy
projects.


USDA Announces Funding To Reduce Energy Costs For Rural Small Businesses

   Nov 09, 2011

   The U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA) is funding projects to harness
wind, solar, geothermal and hydroelectric power to reduce energy costs for farms
and small business across rural America.One of the projects announced will
assist Hawkeye Tri-County Electric Cooperative in Cresco, Iowa, to install a
geothermal heating and cooling system in its headquarters building. Coon Valley
Turkeys, LLC, in Lake View, Iowa, is receiving funding to install a wind turbine
to offset the cost of electricity. Gary Larson of Underwood, Iowa, will receive
assistance to install a geothermal heating and cooling system in a shop that
services his farming operations.Below is a complete list of funding recipients
announced: Alaska Sea Lion Corp.- $50,000 grant wind project Colorado Avalanche
Ranch- $300,000 grant geothermal generation Connecticut Putnam Green Power-
$275,000 grant hydro electric Iowa Blake Organic Farms- $5,230 grant Feed Mill
energy project CPU Property Management- $12,667 grant geothermal Don Johnston
Construction- $15,937 grant wind generation E-4 Sons Company- $7,171 grant
geothermal Energique, Inc- $20,000 grant geothermal Heritage Wood Products-
$15,610 grant geothermal John Oliver- $18,065 grant wind Kevin Eisenman- $11,849
grant geothermal MJF Roadhouse- $7,607 grant geothermal Rick Ryan- $15,849 grant
geothermal Coon Valley Turkeys- $50,000 grant wind Dennis Smith, Inc.- $29,694
grant, $59,388 loan, geothermal Gary Larson- $49,727 grant geothermal Hawkeye
Tri-County Electric Cooperative- $50,000 grant geothermal Thomas Rabel- $39,949
grant wind-solar Thorsen Brothers, Inc.- $39,703 grant wind Crystal 28 LLP-
$36,750 grant wind Kansas Cornwell Farms- $14,262 grant geothermal BCP
Centerwind- $50,000 grant wind BCP Eastwind- $50,000 grant wind BCP Westwind-
$50,000 grant wind Pestinger Beverage Co.- $19,750 grant wind Maryland Iager
Brothers- $78,800 grant dolar electric Massachusetts Mill Valley Associates-
$89,636 grant solar electric Michigan Brad Hagen- $17,002 grant geothermal Jade-
$20,000 grant solar, geothermal Reinbold Organic Farms- $20,000 grant geothermal
Meadowridge Inc.- $46,377 grant greenhouse efficiency Lonnie Irion- $35,724
grant solar, geothermal William Ankley- $30,000 grant solar electric Minnesota
Byron Klaassen- $9,260 grant geothermal Federated Rural Electric- $12,165 grant
geothermal Gary Carlson- $9,767 grant geothermal Hammer Ag Sales- $6,565 grant
geothermal James Behrends- $11,526 grant geothermal Jared Ahlers- $6,500 grant
geothermal Jonathan Wenzel- $10,085 grant geothermal Nobles Cooperative
Electric- $14,880 grant geothermal Thomas Olsem- $6,332 grant geothermal Willis
Sandbulte- $4,956 grant geothermal Nebraska Michelle Huddle- $11,058 grant
geothermal Tekolste Enterprises- $19,750 grant wind New Jersey David Ackley-
$20,000 grant solar electric 9 Main St. LLC- $442,750 grant solar electric
Auburn Road Enterprises- $32,571 grant solar electric Blairwood Farms, Inc.-
$49,975 grant solar electric Harvery's Honey Inc.- $50,000 grant solar electric
Outnumbered Energy- $254,852 grant solar electric Provision Energy- $129,630
grant solar electric Provision Energy- $161,797 grant solar electric Waldac
Farm- $133,245 grant solar electric New York Micosta Enterprises- $19,860 grant
solar/geothermal North Carolina Mayberry Solar LLC- $4m loan solar Oregon EZ
Orchards- $123,413 grant solar electric EBD Hydro- $7.2m loan hydro electric
Utah BMB Enterprises- $500,000 grant hydro electric Vermont Green Mountain Env.-
$49,325 grant hydro Wisconsin Scenic View Organic Eggs- $31,057 grant solar
electric USDA funding is being provided through the Rural Energy for America
Program (REAP) and is contingent on the recipient meeting the conditions of the
grant or loan agreement. REAP grants can finance up to 25% of a project's cost,
up to $500,000 for renewable energy systems and $250,000 for energy efficiency
improvements.
* * * * * * * * * * OTHER AVAILABLE REPORTS * * * * * * * * * *
Company Overview                        Events
Key Employees                           Key Facts
Locations and Subsidiaries              Major Products and Services
Top Competitors

 * * * * * * * * * * NOTE * * * * * * * * * *

   GlobalData uses a range of research techniques to gather and verify its
information and analysis. These include primary research, in-house knowledge and
expertise, proprietary databases, and secondary sources such as company
websites, annual reports, SEC filings and press releases. Disclaimer: No part of
this publication may be reproduced, stored in a retrieval system or transmitted
in any form by any means, electronic, mechanical, photocopying, recording or
otherwise, without the prior permission of the publisher, GlobalData. The facts
of this report are believed to be correct at the time of publication but cannot
be guaranteed. Please note that the findings, conclusions and recommendations
that GlobalData delivers will be based on information gathered in good faith
from both primary and secondary sources, whose accuracy we are not always in a
position to guarantee. As such GlobalData can accept no liability whatever for
actions taken based on any information that may subsequently prove to be
incorrect.

LOAD-DATE: February 27, 2017


                              96 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                          East Bernard Express (Texas)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                  June 9, 2011

USDA to highlight rural development

BYLINE: East Bernard Express staff

LENGTH: 335  words


USDA Rural Development representatives will hold a Rural Development Office Day
for Wharton County from 10 a.m. to 1 p.m. June 14 to present program information
and applications to the public.

The office day is at the Northside Center, 707 Fahrenthold in El Campo.
Information will be provided about USDA Rural Development Housing, Community and
Business and Cooperative loan and grant programs.

USDA Rural Development works to ensure rural residents can participate fully in
the global economy through technical assistance and programs that help rural
Americans build strong economies to improve their quality of life.

Rural Development loans and grants assist rural communities meet their basic
needs by building water and wastewater systems; financing decent, affordable
housing; supporting electric power and rural businesses, including cooperatives;
and supporting community development with information and technical assistance
including broadband initiatives. USDA Rural Development representatives will be
available during the office day to answer questions and assist individuals with
applications in all program areas.

USDA Rural Development Housing Programs offer loans and grants to families with
very low to moderate income levels in towns and cities meeting certain
population requirements.

Loans are primarily used to help income eligible individuals or households
purchase homes in rural areas. Funds can be used to build, repair and renovate a
home, or to purchase and prepare sites with water and sewage facilities.

For very low-income families who own homes in need of repair, the Home Repair
Loan and Grant Program offers funding for renovations. Funding has previously
been requested to repair a leaking roof, make a home wheelchair accessible,
repair damaged or faulty wiring and to install a waste disposal system.

For more information regarding USDA Rural Development programs, please contact
the Angleton Office at (979) 849-5251, ext. 4 or by visiting our website at
www.rurdev.usda.gov/tx/.

LOAD-DATE: August 3, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Local Government

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: EBX

                      Copyright 2011 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                      Copyright 2011 East Bernard Express


                              97 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                  Wisconsin State Journal (Madison, Wisconsin)

                           November 1, 2007 Thursday
                                  ALL EDITION

$200,000 TO AID RURAL BUSINESS COOPERATIVES

SECTION: CAPITAL REGION BUSINESS JOURNAL; Pg. 33

LENGTH: 241 words


Cooperative Development Services Fund Inc. in Madison has been selected to
receive a $200,000 Rural Cooperative Grant.

The money will be used statewide to help rural residents form new cooperative
businesses and improve the operations of existing cooperatives.

The grant was part of $3.6 million awarded to Rural Cooperative Development
Centers in 18 states.

State cheese makers set national record

Bolstered by a growing specialty sector, Wisconsin cheese production set a U.S.
record in 2006 at 2.5 billion pounds and accounted for 26 percent of the
nation's total market, according to a report.

The previous record was set by Wisconsin in 2005 at 2.4 billion pounds. While
some expect California to eventually become the nation's leading cheese
producer, that state was No. 2 in 2006 at 2.2 billion pounds, said Robin Engel
of the Wisconsin Department of Agriculture, Trade and Consumer Protection.

Wisconsin's specialty-cheese sector grew 7.2 percent from 361 million pounds in
2005 to 387 million pounds in 2006, according to the National Agricultural
Statistics Service.

Since 2004, Wisconsin dairy processors have invested $500 million to open 23
plants and expand 45 others. Six more specialty plants are expected to open in
2007. Of the state's 115 cheese plants, 80 make at least one type of specialty
cheese. The Wisconsin specialty-cheese sector accounts for 15 percent of the
state's production and 45 percent of specialty production nationwide.

LOAD-DATE: November 2, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Digest

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2007 Madison Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              98 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                         Deming Headlight (New Mexico)

                             August 19, 2011 Friday

Deadline near for Value Added Producer grant applications

BYLINE: For the Headlight

SECTION: LOCAL

LENGTH: 430 words


ALBUQUERQUE Terry Brunner, USDA Rural Development State Director in New Mexico
announced that approximately $37 million in competitive nationwide grants are
available to assist agricultural producers seeking to add value to the
commodities they produce.

In making the announcement Brunner said, "These grants strengthen rural
economies and create jobs by helping farmers and ranchers add value to their
agricultural products by using them for planning activities such as feasibility
studies, marketing and business plans, or for working capital."

Planning grants up to $100,000 and working capital grants up to $300,000 will be
awarded through USDA Rural Development's Value Added Producer Grant program.
Awards may be for planning activities or working capital, but not for both.
Businesses of all sizes may apply, but priority will be given to operators of
small and medium-sized family farms or ranches, beginning farmers or ranchers,
socially disadvantaged farmers and ranchers, farmer or rancher cooperatives and
mid-tier value chains. The program provides for streamlined paperwork for those
applying for less than $50,000 for working capital grants.

Examples of eligible proposals could include processing chile and tomatoes into
salsa, grapes into wine or jelly, wool and mohair into weavings, and milk into
cheese. In addition, the aggregation and marketing of locally produced food
commodities or products within the state where the product is produced or with
400 miles from the origin of the production would be eligible grant purposes.

Applicants must provide matching funds equal to the amount of the grant
requested. Working capital grants can be matched by the value of the Ag
commodity that will be converted into the value added product.

The deadline to apply for a Value Added Producer Grant is Monday, August 29,
2011. Applicants are urged to contact Rural Development in advance of the
deadline to discuss their application. The Rural Development State Office may be
reached at (505) 761-4953.

An application template, as well other information concerning the program can be
located at http://www.rurdev.usda.gov/BCP_VAPG_Grants.html . If application
submission is by paper, the application must be postmarked and mailed, shipped,
or sent overnight by Monday, Aug. 29. Paper applications must be submitted to
the Rural Development State Office, Business and Cooperative Programs, 6200
Jefferson NE/Room 255, Albuquerque, New Mexico 87109. Electronic applications
must be submitted by Aug. 29, via http://www.grants.gov following the
instructions provided at that site.

LOAD-DATE: August 19, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


          Copyright 2011 Deming Headlight, a MediaNews Group Newspaper
                              All Rights Reserved


                              99 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                             The Salt Lake Tribune

                              May 3, 2007 Thursday

Business Digest

BYLINE: The Salt Lake Tribune

SECTION: BUSINESS

LENGTH: 377 words


Donation

Macy's chandelier to benefit Rape Recovery Center

Macy's has donated 150 pieces of its dismantled glass chandelier from its
downtown Salt Lake City store to the Rape Recovery Center to be sold at its "An
Evening with the Arts" event tonight.

Pieces of the chandelier, which was built in 1975, will be sold for $10, $20 and
$30, with the proceeds going to the Rape Recovery Center.

The event will be from 6:30 to 9 p.m. at Westminster College, 1840 S. 1300 East,
Salt Lake City. For more information, contact Heather Stringfellow at
801-467-7282 or h.stringfellow@raperecoverycenter.org.

-Brianna Lange

Agriculture

Grants available for helping rural economic growth

Agriculture Under Secretary Thomas Dorr has announced the availability of $3.5
million in grants to fund centers for cooperative development designed to
improve economic conditions in rural areas.

Grants of up to $200,000 are available to non-profit organizations and
institutions of higher learning for the startup, expansion or operation of
cooperative businesses. Recipients are required to provide matching funds equal
to at least 25 percent of the grant award.

"These funds will help small business owners, farmers and ranchers across the
nation by providing them with technical assistance," Dorr said. "Cooperative
development centers are at the forefront of helping create business
opportunities to strengthen rural economies."

The deadline for applications is June 8.

An application guide and other materials may be obtained at
http://www.rurdev.usda.gov/rbs/coops/rcdg/rcdg.htm or by calling Richard Carrig,
USDA Rural Development Business Program director in Utah at 801-524-4328.

- Dawn House

Public service

Garbage trucks to tout anti-underage drinking message

A new message against underage drinking will be appearing on Salt Lake City and
County garbage trucks. Although the final advertising design isn't completed
yet, the message will tell parents that alcohol can trash their children's
future or it can trash their teen's brains.

The state's alcohol education director, Doug Murakami, told the Alcoholic
Beverage Control Commission that about 55 garbage trucks will sport the message
on their side panels. Cost for both sides of a truck is about $500 for the
advertising wrap.

- Dawn House

LOAD-DATE: May 4, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2007 The Salt Lake Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved


                              100 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          Corsicana Daily Sun (Texas)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             March 28, 2010 Sunday

USDA Rural Development office day to be held Tuesday

BYLINE: Corsicana Daily Sun, Texas

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 609 words


Mar. 28--CORSICANA -- Representatives of USDA Rural Development will be holding
a Rural Development office day for Navarro County from 10 to 11:30 a.m. Tuesday
at the Kerens Library, located at 121 S. Colket Ave., Kerens. Information will
be provided about USDA Rural Development's housing, community, and business and
cooperative programs.

USDA Rural Development works to ensure that rural residents can participate
fully in the global marketplace, by providing programs that assist rural
Americans in building strong economies and to increase economic opportunities
and improve their quality of life. Representatives will be available to answer
individual questions and assist applicants with their applications in all
program areas.

USDA Rural Development's housing programs offer loans and grants to very low to
moderate income households in towns and cities meeting certain population
requirements. Loans are primarily used to help income eligible individuals or
households purchase homes in rural areas. Funds can be used to build, repair,
and renovate a home, or to purchase and prepare sites, including providing water
and sewage facilities. For very low-income families who own homes in need of
repair, the Home Repair Loan and Grant Program offers loans and grants for
renovation. Money may be provided, for example, to repair a leaking roof; to
construct a front-door ramp for someone using a wheelchair; make repairs to
damaged or faulty wiring or to install a septic system for the home.

USDA Rural Development's community programs enhance the quality of life for
rural Texans by providing funds to governmental entities, nonprofit
organizations and Indian tribes for essential community facilities and services.
Funds may be used for a wide range of various community projects. These include,
but are not limited to, projects such as those which will enlarge, improve or
construct schools, libraries, farmers markets, medical clinics, assisted living
centers, public buildings, community centers and fund new and improved water and
wastewater facilities. Funds are also available for entities to purchase public
safety equipment such as ambulances, fire fighting equipment, and other
emergency required implements.

Entrepreneurship plays a vital role in the economic stability of rural Texas.
With USDA Rural Development's business and cooperative programs, rural
businesses can gain access to funds that normally would not be available to
them. USDA Rural Development's business and cooperative programs provide the
needed capital to expand economic opportunities and development in rural areas
throughout Texas by working with banks and community lenders. The Rural Energy
for America Program offers grants, guaranteed loans, and combination grant/
guaranteed loans to help agricultural producers and rural small businesses
purchase and install renewable energy systems and make energy efficiency
improvements in rural areas.

Anyone who is interested in learning more about these or any of the programs, is
invited to come by and visit. For more information regarding USDA Rural
Development programs, contact the Hillsboro Area Office at (254) 582-7328, Ext.
4, or by visiting the Web site at www.rurdev.usda.gov/tx/.

To see more of the Corsicana Daily Sun, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.corsicanadailysun.com/. Copyright (c) 2010, Corsicana Daily Sun,
Texas Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: March 29, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20100328-XQ-USDA-Rural-Development-office-day-to-be-held-Tuesday-0328

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: XQ


                       Copyright 2010 Corsicana Daily Sun


                              101 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          Corsicana Daily Sun (Texas)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             March 26, 2010 Friday

USDA Rural Development office day to be held Tuesday

BYLINE: Corsicana Daily Sun, Texas

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 609 words


Mar. 26--CORSICANA -- Representatives of USDA Rural Development will be holding
a Rural Development office day for Navarro County from 10 to 11:30 a.m. Tuesday
at the Kerens Library, located at 121 S. Colket Ave., Kerens. Information will
be provided about USDA Rural Development's housing, community, and business and
cooperative programs.

USDA Rural Development works to ensure that rural residents can participate
fully in the global marketplace, by providing programs that assist rural
Americans in building strong economies and to increase economic opportunities
and improve their quality of life. Representatives will be available to answer
individual questions and assist applicants with their applications in all
program areas.

USDA Rural Development's housing programs offer loans and grants to very low to
moderate income households in towns and cities meeting certain population
requirements. Loans are primarily used to help income eligible individuals or
households purchase homes in rural areas. Funds can be used to build, repair,
and renovate a home, or to purchase and prepare sites, including providing water
and sewage facilities. For very low-income families who own homes in need of
repair, the Home Repair Loan and Grant Program offers loans and grants for
renovation. Money may be provided, for example, to repair a leaking roof; to
construct a front-door ramp for someone using a wheelchair; make repairs to
damaged or faulty wiring or to install a septic system for the home.

USDA Rural Development's community programs enhance the quality of life for
rural Texans by providing funds to governmental entities, nonprofit
organizations and Indian tribes for essential community facilities and services.
Funds may be used for a wide range of various community projects. These include,
but are not limited to, projects such as those which will enlarge, improve or
construct schools, libraries, farmers markets, medical clinics, assisted living
centers, public buildings, community centers and fund new and improved water and
wastewater facilities. Funds are also available for entities to purchase public
safety equipment such as ambulances, fire fighting equipment, and other
emergency required implements.

Entrepreneurship plays a vital role in the economic stability of rural Texas.
With USDA Rural Development's business and cooperative programs, rural
businesses can gain access to funds that normally would not be available to
them. USDA Rural Development's business and cooperative programs provide the
needed capital to expand economic opportunities and development in rural areas
throughout Texas by working with banks and community lenders. The Rural Energy
for America Program offers grants, guaranteed loans, and combination grant/
guaranteed loans to help agricultural producers and rural small businesses
purchase and install renewable energy systems and make energy efficiency
improvements in rural areas.

Anyone who is interested in learning more about these or any of the programs, is
invited to come by and visit. For more information regarding USDA Rural
Development programs, contact the Hillsboro Area Office at (254) 582-7328, Ext.
4, or by visiting the Web site at www.rurdev.usda.gov/tx/.

To see more of the Corsicana Daily Sun, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.corsicanadailysun.com/. Copyright (c) 2010, Corsicana Daily Sun,
Texas Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: March 27, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20100326-XQ-USDA-Rural-Development-office-day-to-be-held-Tuesday-0326

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: XQ


                       Copyright 2010 Corsicana Daily Sun


                              102 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                Mail & Guardian

                                 July 26, 2013

R10m grant for co-operatives

BYLINE: Advertising Feature

SECTION: SPECIAL REPORTS

LENGTH: 801 words



HIGHLIGHT: Every year the first Saturday of July is celebrated as International
Co-operatives Day.


The National Youth Development Agency (NYDA) has demonstrated its commitment
towards supporting co-operatives by setting aside R10-million grant finance for
youth-owned co-operatives across the country, particularly those in rural areas.

The Mabhida Youth Co-operatives Grant Fund will be complemented by non-financial
business support services that include training, mentorship and market linkages.
The application process will officially open on August 1 2013.

Recognised world-wide for alleviating poverty and unemployment, particularly in
rural areas, a co-operative is an autonomous association of persons united
voluntarily to meet their common economic and social needs and aspirations
through a jointly owned and democratically controlled enterprise.

Co-operative principles include voluntary and open membership, democratic member
control, autonomy and concern for community.

This year International Co-operatives Month is being celebrated under the theme
'Co-operative enterprises remain strong in times of crisis'.

The theme links to the global economic crisis and how co-operatives have proved
to be resilient to the effects of the crisis compared to other forms of
enterprises.

According to NYDA executive chairperson Yershen Pillay, the NYDA will use
Co-operatives Month to provide information, training and support for youth-owned
co-operatives.

'We will intensify our support for youth-owned co-operatives working together
with other state entities and the private sector.

'Co-operatives provide a vehicle for reorganising our economy and their
contribution to socioeconomic development is invaluable. We can do so much for
poverty alleviation, job creation and social integration if we focus on growing
our co-operatives economy and encouraging more young South Africans to establish
co-operatives,' Pillay indicates.

Pillay adds that as part of the NYDA's plans to support co-operatives, a
memorandum of understanding has been signed with the Limpopo department of
agriculture.

'The co-operation is based on the need to introduce youth into agricultural
production in order to empower them economically, stimulate local economic
growth and contribute towards job creation using cooperatives as their main
vehicle,' he says.

Co-operatives are the main focus of the agreement because the co-operative model
can generate sustainable employment in massive scales and promotes the
utilisation of local resources.

With this agreement, the NYDA and the department will jointly identify
Limpopo-based young aspiring and established cooperatives between the ages of 18
and 35 years who require the grant for business start-up or growth.

Limpopo Agriculture MEC Jacob Marule said: 'The signing of the memorandum could
not have come at a better time than now as it is also important to draw young
people into farming and retain those who are already in the business.

'I believe that the memorandum that has been concluded will later be translated
into a project co-operation agreement that will go a long way in capacitating
young farmers to participate in the mainstream of our economy.

'This partnership will help to stimulate a positive environment for organised
agriculture and agribusiness through co-operatives in the Limpopo.'

The MEC further emphasised that rural economic development and infrastructure
are also key to attracting and retaining young people in the farming business.

'Rural communities and small businesses that support the agricultural sector
require additional investment, including expansion of physical and technological
infrastructure,' he says.

Supporting co-operatives is nothing new for the NYDA, since inception the NYDA
has provided funding to the value of R9&thinsp;095&thinsp;599 to young
co-operatives. Beneficiaries include:
 &bull;&thinsp;DMT Agricultural Services Co-operative based in Umzimkhulu in
rural KwaZulu-Natal.
 The young entrepreneurs grow plants such as tea tree and lemon grass for
essential oils and also grow vegetables such as maize, cabbage, spinach, green
pepper, potatoes and butternut.
 &bull;&thinsp;Lesedi Manufacturing Primary Co-operative in Alexandra which
recycles glass, paper, aluminium and plastic.
 &bull;&thinsp;Zondi Buy Back Centre Co-operative in Soweto which also recycles
glass, paper, aluminium and plastic.
 &bull;&thinsp;Sgezamadolobha Co-operative which cleans (taxi ranks and streets)
and recycles glass, paper, aluminium and plastic; and
 &bull;&thinsp;Konk'okuhle Co-operative which is in the trucking business. In
addition, the NYDA has also provided non-financial business support services to
138 co-operatives across all nine provinces.

'Co-operatives can be used as vehicle for income generation and collective
action,' Pillay concludes.

LOAD-DATE: August 8, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2013 M and G Media (Pty) Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              103 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                Mail & Guardian

                                 July 26, 2013

R10m grant for co-operatives

BYLINE: Advertising Feature

SECTION: SPECIAL REPORTS

LENGTH: 801 words



HIGHLIGHT: Every year the first Saturday of July is celebrated as International
Co-operatives Day.


The National Youth Development Agency (NYDA) has demonstrated its commitment
towards supporting co-operatives by setting aside R10-million grant finance for
youth-owned co-operatives across the country, particularly those in rural areas.

The Mabhida Youth Co-operatives Grant Fund will be complemented by non-financial
business support services that include training, mentorship and market linkages.
The application process will officially open on August 1 2013.

Recognised world-wide for alleviating poverty and unemployment, particularly in
rural areas, a co-operative is an autonomous association of persons united
voluntarily to meet their common economic and social needs and aspirations
through a jointly owned and democratically controlled enterprise.

Co-operative principles include voluntary and open membership, democratic member
control, autonomy and concern for community.

This year International Co-operatives Month is being celebrated under the theme
'Co-operative enterprises remain strong in times of crisis'.

The theme links to the global economic crisis and how co-operatives have proved
to be resilient to the effects of the crisis compared to other forms of
enterprises.

According to NYDA executive chairperson Yershen Pillay, the NYDA will use
Co-operatives Month to provide information, training and support for youth-owned
co-operatives.

'We will intensify our support for youth-owned co-operatives working together
with other state entities and the private sector.

'Co-operatives provide a vehicle for reorganising our economy and their
contribution to socioeconomic development is invaluable. We can do so much for
poverty alleviation, job creation and social integration if we focus on growing
our co-operatives economy and encouraging more young South Africans to establish
co-operatives,' Pillay indicates.

Pillay adds that as part of the NYDA's plans to support co-operatives, a
memorandum of understanding has been signed with the Limpopo department of
agriculture.

'The co-operation is based on the need to introduce youth into agricultural
production in order to empower them economically, stimulate local economic
growth and contribute towards job creation using cooperatives as their main
vehicle,' he says.

Co-operatives are the main focus of the agreement because the co-operative model
can generate sustainable employment in massive scales and promotes the
utilisation of local resources.

With this agreement, the NYDA and the department will jointly identify
Limpopo-based young aspiring and established cooperatives between the ages of 18
and 35 years who require the grant for business start-up or growth.

Limpopo Agriculture MEC Jacob Marule said: 'The signing of the memorandum could
not have come at a better time than now as it is also important to draw young
people into farming and retain those who are already in the business.

'I believe that the memorandum that has been concluded will later be translated
into a project co-operation agreement that will go a long way in capacitating
young farmers to participate in the mainstream of our economy.

'This partnership will help to stimulate a positive environment for organised
agriculture and agribusiness through co-operatives in the Limpopo.'

The MEC further emphasised that rural economic development and infrastructure
are also key to attracting and retaining young people in the farming business.

'Rural communities and small businesses that support the agricultural sector
require additional investment, including expansion of physical and technological
infrastructure,' he says.

Supporting co-operatives is nothing new for the NYDA, since inception the NYDA
has provided funding to the value of R9&thinsp;095&thinsp;599 to young
co-operatives. Beneficiaries include:
 &bull;&thinsp;DMT Agricultural Services Co-operative based in Umzimkhulu in
rural KwaZulu-Natal.
 The young entrepreneurs grow plants such as tea tree and lemon grass for
essential oils and also grow vegetables such as maize, cabbage, spinach, green
pepper, potatoes and butternut.
 &bull;&thinsp;Lesedi Manufacturing Primary Co-operative in Alexandra which
recycles glass, paper, aluminium and plastic.
 &bull;&thinsp;Zondi Buy Back Centre Co-operative in Soweto which also recycles
glass, paper, aluminium and plastic.
 &bull;&thinsp;Sgezamadolobha Co-operative which cleans (taxi ranks and streets)
and recycles glass, paper, aluminium and plastic; and
 &bull;&thinsp;Konk'okuhle Co-operative which is in the trucking business. In
addition, the NYDA has also provided non-financial business support services to
138 co-operatives across all nine provinces.

'Co-operatives can be used as vehicle for income generation and collective
action,' Pillay concludes.

LOAD-DATE: August 8, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2013 M and G Media (Pty) Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              104 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                         Deming Headlight (New Mexico)

                            August 23, 2011 Tuesday

Deadline fast approaching for Value Added Producer Grants

BYLINE: For the Headlight

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 430 words


ALBUQUERQUE Terry Brunner, USDA Rural Development State Director in New Mexico
announced that approximately $37 million in competitive nationwide grants are
available to assist agricultural producers seeking to add value to the
commodities they produce.

In making the announcement Brunner said, "These grants strengthen rural
economies and create jobs by helping farmers and ranchers add value to their
agricultural products by using them for planning activities such as feasibility
studies, marketing and business plans, or for working capital."

Planning grants up to $100,000 and working capital grants up to $300,000 will be
awarded through USDA Rural Development's Value Added Producer Grant program.
Awards may be for planning activities or working capital, but not for both.
Businesses of all sizes may apply, but priority will be given to operators of
small and medium-sized family farms or ranches, beginning farmers or ranchers,
socially disadvantaged farmers and ranchers, farmer or rancher cooperatives and
mid-tier value chains. The program provides for streamlined paperwork for those
applying for less than $50,000 for working capital grants.

Examples of eligible proposals could include processing chile and tomatoes into
salsa, grapes into wine or jelly, wool and mohair into weavings, and milk into
cheese. In addition, the aggregation and marketing of locally produced food
commodities or products within the state where the product is produced or with
400 miles from the origin of the production would be eligible grant purposes.

Applicants must provide matching funds equal to the amount of the grant
requested. Working capital grants can be matched by the value of the Ag
commodity that will be converted into the value added product.

The deadline to apply for a Value Added Producer Grant is Monday, August 29,
2011. Applicants are urged to contact Rural Development in advance of the
deadline to discuss their application. The Rural Development State Office may be
reached at 505.761.4953.

An application template, as well other information concerning the program can be
located at http://www.rurdev.usda.gov/BCP_VAPG_Grants.html . If application
submission is by paper, the application must be postmarked and mailed, shipped,
or sent overnight by Monday, August 29. Paper applications must be submitted to
the Rural Development State Office, Business and Cooperative Programs, 6200
Jefferson NE/Room 255, Albuquerque, New Mexico 87109. Electronic applications
must be submitted by August 29 via http://www.grants.gov following the
instructions provided at that site.

LOAD-DATE: August 23, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


          Copyright 2011 Deming Headlight, a MediaNews Group Newspaper
                              All Rights Reserved


                              105 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       Daily Gazette (Sterling, Illinois)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             May 15, 2010 Saturday

BRIEF: Grants available for farm cooperatives

BYLINE: Daily Gazette, Sterling, Ill.

SECTION: BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL NEWS

LENGTH: 147 words


May 15--WASHINGTON -- The United States Department of Agriculture is offering
grants for small, socially disadvantaged agricultural producers and cooperatives
in rural areas.

About $3.5 million in grants are available through the USDA Rural Development's
Small, Socially Disadvantaged Producer Grant Program.

Applications are available by going to
www.rurdev.usda.gov/rbs/coops/ssdpg/ssdpg.htm, or by calling Mary Warren at
217-403-6218. Applications are due by July 27.

To see more of The Daily Gazette or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.saukvalley.com/. Copyright (c) 2010, Daily Gazette, Sterling, Ill.
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: May 16, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20100515-YG-BRF-Grants-available-for-farm-cooperatives-0515

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: YG


                          Copyright 2010 Daily Gazette


                              106 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             April 4, 2013 Thursday

Utah: Delta Health Care Services Grant Program

LENGTH: 276  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Delta Health Care Services Grant Program
Sponsor  USDA Rural Business-Cooperative Service
Deadlines  May 28, 2013
Contact  Natalie Melton
Phone: 202.690.1374
Email: rd.deltahealth@wdc.usda.gov
Purpose

The Delta Health Care Services Grant Program is designed to provide financial
assistance to address the continued unmet health needs in the Delta Region
through cooperation among health care professionals, institutions of higher
education, research institutions, and other individuals and entities in the
Delta Region.

Grant funds may be used to finance any of the following:

Development of a health care cooperative
    Development of health care services
    Development of health education programs
    Development of health care training programs
    Development and expansion of public health-related facilities in the Delta
Region to address longstanding and unmet health needs of the region

Eligibility

Eligible states are:

Alabama
    Arkansas
    Illinois
    Kentucky
    Louisiana
    Mississippi
    Missouri
    Tennessee

Applicants must be a consortium of regional institutions of higher education,
academic health and research institutes, health care cooperatives, and economic
development entities located in the Delta region that have experience in
addressing the health care issues in the region.
Geographic
coverage  Alabama, Arkansas, Illinois, Kentucky, Louisiana, Mississippi,
Missouri, Tennessee
Amount of
funding  Total Funding Available: $3,000,000
Award Floor: $50,000

For further information please visit: http://www.raconline.org/.

LOAD-DATE: April 4, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              107 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                          East Bernard Express (Texas)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                  June 9, 2011

USDA to highlight rural development

BYLINE: East Bernard Express staff

LENGTH: 335  words


USDA Rural Development representatives will hold a Rural Development Office Day
for Wharton County from 10 a.m. to 1 p.m. June 14 to present program information
and applications to the public.

The office day is at the Northside Center, 707 Fahrenthold in El Campo.
Information will be provided about USDA Rural Development Housing, Community and
Business and Cooperative loan and grant programs.

USDA Rural Development works to ensure rural residents can participate fully in
the global economy through technical assistance and programs that help rural
Americans build strong economies to improve their quality of life. Rural
Development loans and grants assist rural communities meet their basic needs by
building water and wastewater systems; financing decent, affordable housing;
supporting electric power and rural businesses, including cooperatives; and
supporting community development with information and technical assistance
including broadband initiatives. USDA Rural Development representatives will be
available during the office day to answer questions and assist individuals with
applications in all program areas.

USDA Rural Development Housing Programs offer loans and grants to families with
very low to moderate income levels in towns and cities meeting certain
population requirements.

Loans are primarily used to help income eligible individuals or households
purchase homes in rural areas. Funds can be used to build, repair and renovate a
home, or to purchase and prepare sites with water and sewage faculties.

For very low-income families who own homes in need of repair, the Home Repair
Loan and Grant Program offers funding for renovations. Funding has previously
been requested to repair a leaking roof, make a home wheelchair accessible,
repair damaged or faulty wiring and to install a waste disposal system.

For more information regarding USDA Rural Development programs, please contact
the Angleton Office at (979) 849-5251, ext. 4 or by visiting our website at
www.rurdev.usda.gov/tx/.

LOAD-DATE: April 22, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Local Government

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: EBX

                      Copyright 2011 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                      Copyright 2011 East Bernard Express


                              108 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             June 25, 2016 Saturday

Agency Information Collection Activities; Proposals, Submissions, and Approvals

LENGTH: 897  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington, DC:  This Notice document was issued by the Rural Business
Cooperative Service (RBS)



  Action



 Proposed collection; Comments requested.

 Summary



 In accordance with the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995, this notice announces
the intention of the above-named Agencies to request an extension for a
currently approved information collection in support of debt settlement of
Community Facilities and Direct Business Program Loans and Grants.



 Dates



 Comments on this notice must be received by August 23, 2016 to be assured of
consideration.

 For Further Information Contact



 For inquiries on the Information Collection Package, contact Anita Outen,
Community Programs Specialist, Community Programs, RHS, USDA, 1400 Independence
Ave. SW., Mail Stop 0787, Washington, DC 20250-0787, Telephone (202) 720-1497,
Email anita.outen@wdc.usda.gov

 Supplementary Information



 Title: 7 CFR part 1956, subpart C --"Debt Settlement--Community and Business
Programs."



 OMB Number: 0575-0124.



 Expiration Date of Approval: November 30, 2016.



 Type of Request: Extension of a currently approved information collection.



 Abstract: The following Community and Direct Business Programs loans and grants
are debt settled by this currently approved docket (0575-0124). The Community
Facilities loan and grant program is authorized by Section 306 of the
Consolidated Farm and Rural Development Act (7 U.S.C. 1926) to make loans to
public entities, nonprofit corporations, and Indian tribes through the Community
Facilities program for the development of essential community facilities
primarily serving rural residents.



 The Economic Opportunity Act of 1964, Title 3 (Pub. L. 88-452), authorizes
Economic Opportunity Cooperative loans to assist incorporated and unincorporated
associations to provide low-income rural families essential processing,
purchasing, or marketing services, supplies, or facilities.



 The Food Security Act of 1985, Section 1323 (Pub. L. 99-198), authorizes loan
guarantees and grants to Nonprofit National Corporations to provide technical
and financial assistance to for-profit or nonprofit local businesses in rural
areas.



 The Business and Industry program is authorized by Section 310 B (7 U.S.C.
1932) (Pub. L. 92.419, August 30, 1972) of the Consolidated Farm and Rural
Development Act to improve, develop, or finance business, industry, and
employment and improve the economic and environmental climate in rural
communities, including pollution abatement control.



 The Consolidated Farm and Rural Development Act, Section 310 B(c) (7 U.S.C.
1932(c)), authorizes Rural Business Enterprise Grants to public bodies and
nonprofit corporations to facilitate the development of private businesses in
rural areas.



 The Consolidated Farm and Rural Development Act, Section 310 B(f)(i)(7 U.S.C.
1932(c)), authorized Rural Cooperative Development Grants to nonprofit
institutions for the purpose of enabling such institutions to establish and
operate centers for rural cooperative development.



 The purpose of the debt settlement function for the above programs is to
provide the delinquent client with an equitable tool for the compromise,
adjustment, cancellation, or charge-off of a debt owned to the Agency.



 The information collected is similar to that required by a commercial lender in
similar circumstances.



 Information will be collected by the field offices from applicants, borrowers,
consultants, lenders, and attorneys.



 Failure to collect information could result in improper servicing of these
loans.



 Estimate of Burden: Public reporting burden for this collection of information
is estimated to average 5.3 hours per response.



 Respondents: Public bodies and nonprofit organizations.



 Estimated Number of Respondents: 35.



 Estimated Number of Responses per Respondent: 5.5.



 Estimated Number of Responses: 193.



 Estimated Total Annual Burden on Respondents: 1,041 hours.



 Copies of this information collection can be obtained from Jeanne Jacobs,
Regulations and Paperwork Management Branch, (202) 692-0040.

 Comments



 Comments are invited on: (a) Whether the proposed collection of information is
necessary for the proper performance of the functions of the Agency, including
whether the information will have practical utility; (b) the accuracy of the
Agency's estimate of the burden of the proposed collection of information,
including the validity of the methodology and assumptions used; (c) ways to
enhance the quality, utility, and clarity of the information to be collected;
and (d) ways to minimize the burden of the collection of information on those
who are to respond, including through the use of appropriate automated,
electronic, mechanical, or other technological collection techniques or other
forms of information technology. Comments may be sent to Jeanne Jacobs,
Regulations and Paperwork Management Branch, U.S. Department of Agriculture,
Rural Development, STOP 0742, 1400 Independence Ave. SW., Washington, DC 20250.
All responses to this notice will be summarized and included in the request for
OMB approval. All comments will also become a matter of public record.

 Dated: June 14 2016.

 Tony Hernandez,

 Administrator, Rural Housing Service.

 [FR Doc. 2016-14994 Filed 6-23-16; 8:45 am]

 BILLING CODE 3410-XV-P



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: June 25, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              109 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                        Clovis News Journal (New Mexico)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           February 10, 2011 Thursday

Financial help available for weather damage

BYLINE: Clovis News Journal, N.M.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 294 words


Feb. 10--Individuals, communities and utilities may be able to receive financial
help with repairing damages from the recent winter storms, according to a news
release from U.S. Department of Agriculture Rural Development.

According to the release:

--Telecommunication and electric cooperatives have access to normal lines of
credit through the USDA Rural Utilities Service for repairs. Cooperatives with
outstanding debt to the service may request assistance to bring their system
back on line as quickly as possible. Other eligible utilities may seek expedited
funding requests from Rural Development.

--Water systems in communities of 10,000 or less can apply for USDA's Emergency
Community Water Assistance Grants if they have current environmental and
engineering documents.

--Communities with populations less than 20,000 can apply for loans and grants
for infrastructure repair through the USDA Rural Development Community
Facilities program. This includes community buildings, medical facilities,
emergency equipment and roads.

--Low-income homeowners in communities of 10,000 or less may apply for
low-interest home repair loans and grants to fix their home, weatherize,
purchase heating systems and repair utilities connections. The maximum allowed
through the grant program is $7,500, and the maximum loan available is $20,000
at 1 percent interest.

Information: Roswell Rural Development sub-office: 575-622-8745

To see more of The Clovis News Journal or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.clovis-news-nm.com/. Copyright (c) 2011, Clovis News Journal, N.M.
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For more information
about the content services offered by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services
(MCT), visit www.mctinfoservices.com.

LOAD-DATE: February 10, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20110210-CJ-Financial-help-available-for-weather-damage-0210-20110210

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: CJ


                       Copyright 2011 Clovis News Journal


                              110 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                              The Bismarck Tribune

                           September 26, 2014 Friday

Electric cooperative funds vet clinic

SECTION: DAKOTA WIRE; Pg. 1B

LENGTH: 139 words


Slope Electric Cooperative has loaned $2 million to West River Veterinary Clinic
to construct a new veterinary clinic in Hettinger.

The loan is part of a partnership between electric cooperatives and the U.S.
Department of Agriculture to provide loans for rural businesses. USDA provides
zero-interest loans to local utilities and microenterprise development
organizations to then lend to local businesses.

The veterinary clinic employs 15 people. With the expansion of services, it
plans to add three more.

"Boosting access to capital sparks job creation and revitalizes the rural
economy," Jasper Schneider, USDA Rural Development state director, said in a
statement.

About $6.3 million in financing was provided through the Rural Economic
Development Loan and Grant Program and the Rural Microentrepreneur Assistance
Program statewide.

LOAD-DATE: September 29, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


       Copyright 2014 The Bismarck Tribune, a division of Lee Enterprises
                              All Rights Reserved


                              111 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                              The Bismarck Tribune

                           December 23, 1993 Thursday

BYLINE: Deena Winter

LENGTH: 305 words


North Dakota has been selected to host one of eight regional cooperative
development centers in the nation. A Regional Center for Rural Technology and
Cooperative Development will be established with an $88,000 grant from the
Cooperative Development Foundation. The foundation is establishing the centers
with a $1 million appropriation from the U.S. Department of Agriculture.

The center will operate out of the North Dakota Association of Rural Electric
Cooperatives in Mandan, which received the grant. It's designed to help
producers form and operate value-added agricultural processing and marketing
cooperatives. ""We're just elated to have one of these centers in North
Dakota,'' said Dennis Hill, executive vice president and general manager of the
North Dakota Association of RECs. Following the lead of the bison cooperative
and processing plant in New Rockford and Dakota Growers Pasta cooperative in
Carrington, Hill said cooperatives are enjoying a rebirth North Dakota. ""We
want to put more profit in producers' pockets,'' Hill said. ""The best way to do
that is to have the producers own the business enterprise that adds value to the
quality products they produce.'' Hill said there's potential for additional
producer-owned cooperatives for cattle slaughtering plants, hog operations,
rabbit producers and feeder operations. The grant includes $15,000 for programs
to educate managers of cooperatives. Jack Piela will serve as the center's
cooperative development specialist. For the past 13 years, Piela has worked in
various accounting and finance positions at Cloverdale Foods in Mandan, most
recently serving as the company's chief financial office. He began working for
the cooperative development center earlier this month. Piela will work with
producer groups to help develop more member-owned enterprises.

LOAD-DATE: May 9, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


       Copyright 1993 The Bismarck Tribune, a division of Lee Enterprises
                              All Rights Reserved


                              112 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             July 4, 2013 Thursday

Washington: Congress Could Cut Five USDA Programs and Save $2.8 Billion a Year

LENGTH: 1448  words

DATELINE: Washington


The Heritage Foundation has issued the following news release:

On June 13, 2013, the House Appropriations Committee approved its $19.5 billion
Agriculture, Rural Development, Food and Drug Administration, and Related
Agencies appropriations bill for fiscal year (FY) 2014.[1] The full House is
expected to take up the bill soon. With nearly $17 trillion in federal debt and
chronic deficits on the budget horizon, the House should pursue spending
reductions that keep discretionary spending under the sequestration cap. Rather
than rely on indiscriminate across-the-board cuts as in fiscal year (FY) 2013,
lawmakers should prioritize true federal responsibilities and reduce spending in
programs that are duplicative or better left to the private sector or state and
local governments.

Agriculture-related spending was approximately $139 billion for FY 2013. The
$19.5 billion in the House FY 2014 appropriations bill funds discretionary
spending, amounting to about 14 percent of all agriculture spending, when
compared to FY 2013 agriculture-related spending. The remainder of the spending
is mandatory spending on programs such as direct payments, crop subsidies, and
insurance subsidies.[2] Even though discretionary spending is not as large as
mandatory spending, a total of $3.6 billion in savings can be found (see
Appendix).[3] Cutting five programs alone would result in about $2.8 billion in
savings.
1. International Food Aid

Food for Peace Title II grants comprise the largest part of the federal food aid
budget. The legal requirements binding the program make it inefficient and
unnecessarily costly.[4] Food must be purchased in the U.S. and then shipped
thousands of miles by sea in U.S.-flagged vessels, which adds unnecessary
logistical challenges in addition to higher costs.[5] Recognizing these
inefficiencies in his FY 2014 budget request, President Barack Obama requested
to move the Food for Peace program from the U.S. Department of Agriculture
(USDA) to the U.S. Agency for International Development (USAID), and
subsequently did not include funding for Food for Peace Title II grants for
USDA.

Congress should cut all USDA funding for this program and move Food for Peace
Title II grants and responsibilities from the USDA to USAID. USAID can manage
the program with existing development funding, and without the legal
requirements that burden the program today.

Savings: $1.15 billion

Similarly, Congress should cut all USDA funding for the McGovern-Dole
International Food for Education and Child Nutrition Program and shift
responsibility for the program to USAID. This would avoid unnecessary
duplication and overlap among nonemergency food aid agency objectives and
activities.[6]

Savings: $180 million
2. Agricultural Research

The Department of Agriculture houses two large research agencies--the
Agricultural Research Service and the National Institute for Food and
Agriculture, which focus on many similar research topics. According to the
Government Accountability Office (GAO), the agencies are not doing enough to
prevent unnecessary overlap and duplication.[7] The large funding availability
also leads to government-funded projects duplicating or crowding out private
research, and funding decisions favoring projects that fail to meet the public
interest test. For example, the USDA granted $7 million to study a plant-based
source of rubber for the manufacture of tires, while Bridgestone Corporation
pursued similar research with its own, private, funding. Another USDA grant went
to study the economic success of the Idaho gun industry, a state where over half
of households own guns and part of the funding went to help pay for a gun
show.[8]

Congress should reduce this spending to better incentivize the prioritization of
public interest basic research and require the USDA to present a plan to merge
the Agricultural Research Service and the National Institute for Food and
Agriculture into a single entity.

Savings: $615 million
3. Conservation Technical Assistance

The Natural Resources Conservation Service runs a costly technical-assistance
program for landowners. Assistance can include help maintaining private land,
enhancing recreational opportunities for landowners, and improving the aesthetic
character of private land.[9]

Private landowners, not the government, are the best stewards of their land and
can seek out private solutions if technical assistance is necessary. They do not
need taxpayer-subsidized advice on how best to use their land. They especially
do not need subsidized advice on how to make their land look prettier. It should
be their responsibility alone to pay for such assistance through private
sources.

Congress should eliminate all funding for the Conservation Technical Assistance
Program.

Savings: $714 million
4. Rural Business-Cooperative Service

The Rural Business-Cooperative Service (RBS) provides grants for rural business
endeavors and favored activities. Funding for three programs should be
eliminated and the programs terminated:

Rural Business Program Account. The RBS account deals with business and industry
guaranteed loans and rural business enterprise grants. Private capital will find
its way to worthy rural investments. The federal government should not play
venture capitalist with taxpayer money, including trying to serve allegedly
"underserved" areas. Private actors will serve the area if it makes sound
business sense. Further, a 2012 GAO study found significant duplication among 53
different federal economic development programs.[10]

Congress should eliminate all funding for the Rural Business Program Account.

Savings: $72 million

Rural Cooperative Development Grants. These grants help to start and expand
rural cooperatives and other business entities.[11] As with the guaranteed loans
and rural enterprise grants, the federal government should not be a venture
capitalist. These types of programs can also drive out private investors.

Congress should eliminate all funding for Rural Cooperative Development Grants.

Savings: $17 million

Rural Energy for America Program. Taxpayers subsidize the development of
renewable energy programs for agricultural producers and small rural
businesses.[12] The federal government is inappropriately picking winners and
losers in the energy sector. Even worse, for rural areas, it is picking an
energy loser as its winner.

Congress should eliminate all funding for the Rural Energy for America Program.

Savings: $3 million
5. Distance Learning, Telemedicine, and Broadband Program

The Distance Learning, Telemedicine, and Broadband Program subsidizes "advanced
telecommunications technologies [that] provide enhanced learning and health care
opportunities for rural residents."[13] Once again, government is intruding into
areas that are best served by private actors.

There is already plenty of money for the USDA to expand broadband services. In
2009, as part of the stimulus plan, the USDA received an incredible $2.5 billion
for building broadband infrastructure. This money, though, does not appear to
have been spent wisely.

In March, 2013, House Energy and Commerce Committee leaders expressed concern to
both the USDA and the GAO regarding possible misuse of this money due to
overbuilding in some areas. As the committee members wrote to GAO,
"[O]verbuilding diverts scarce budget resources from areas without broadband
service to areas with service and can impede vital private-sector
investment."[14] They requested that the GAO analyze the USDA's use of the
broadband funds. Handing over more money to the USDA for broadband services,
even if deemed a worthy goal, would be duplicative and wasteful.

Congress should eliminate all funding for the Distance Learning, Telemedicine,
and Broadband Program.

Savings: $40 million
Moving Forward

As lawmakers allocate budget authority among the 12 annual spending bills, they
should proceed by making prudent spending reductions in areas that are
duplicative or inappropriate for federal involvement, such as programs better
left to the private sector or state and local governments. There is ample room
to make major cuts in the agriculture appropriations bill. Lawmakers should
seize this opportunity to reduce spending by up to $3.6 billion, demonstrating
that they can prioritize federal spending to stay under the sequestration cap
and put a small down payment toward reducing chronic deficits.
--Daren Bakst is a Research Fellow in Agricultural Policy in, and Romina Boccia
is Assistant Director of, the Thomas A. Roe Institute for Economic Policy
Studies at The Heritage Foundation. Roe Institute Research Assistant Katie Tubb
contributed to this paper.

For more information please visit: http://www.heritage.org

LOAD-DATE: July 5, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              113 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                    The Daily Globe (Worthington, Minnesota)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                              July 1, 2011 Friday

Federated REA gets $740,000 loan from USDA

BYLINE: Julie Buntjer, The Daily Globe, Worthington, Minn.

SECTION: BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL NEWS

LENGTH: 468 words


July 01--JACKSON -- Federated Rural Electric of Jackson has been awarded a
$740,000 loan from the U.S. Department of Agriculture's Rural Development office
to aid in the expansion of the AGCO facility in Jackson.

The financing is provided through Rural Development's Rural Economic Development
Loan program, and was awarded to Federated Rural Electric as the borrower. The
10-year, 0-interest loan will assist AGCO in the completion of a
73,000-square-foot addition and creation of a visitor's center.

Federated Rural Electric general manager Richard Burud said Thursday the
cooperative has participated in four or five of these loans in the past to
advance job creation and retention in Federated's service area. In fact, the
rural electric cooperative received the first Rural Economic Development Loan in
the nation in the early 1990s -- that was to help bring Northwest Mutual Life
Insurance to Jackson.

"It's a pretty popular program for creating jobs in rural areas," Burud said.

The USDA loan program is available only to rural utilities program borrowers who
agree to be a pass-through to local businesses and organizations for projects
that create and retain jobs, upgrade public infrastructure, improve service
delivery and improve the quality of life for area residents and visitors.

The AGCO project is expected to create approximately 100 jobs.

"Electric and telephone cooperatives (in Minnesota) have given out more of these
loans than any other state in the Union," Burud said.

Since 2009, Minnesota utility cooperatives have utilized nearly $8 million in
Rural Economic Development loan and grant funds.

Burud said notification was received Wednesday from the USDA that the funds were
being made available to the cooperative for AGCO.

"Economic development of the region helps everybody," he said.

While AGCO's electric utility needs are supplied by the city of Jackson, Burud
said a lot of the employees who work there live in rural communities served by
Federated Rural Electric.

"We think it's important to be involved in economic development and this is one
way we can do it," Burud said.

Colleen Landkamer, USDA Rural Development state director, said in a press
release that Rural Development is proud to partner with Federated Rural Electric
on the AGCO project.

"Local investments like this one create jobs and bolster the rural economy,"
Landkamer said. "Public-private partnerships also play a key role in helping
Minnesota's rural communities win the future."

To see more of The Daily Globe, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.dglobe.com. Copyright (c) 2011, The Daily Globe, Worthington, Minn.
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For more information
about the content services offered by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services
(MCT), visit www.mctinfoservices.com.

LOAD-DATE: July 2, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20110701-QG-Federated-REA-gets-740,000-loan-from-USDA-0701-20110701

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: QG


                         Copyright 2011 The Daily Globe


                              114 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             January 5, 2015 Monday

World Accessibility in Rural America

LENGTH: 504  words


Washington, D.C.: U.S. Department of Agriculture has issued the following news
release:

Access to the world via internet and mobile phone services is at the fingertips
of most Americans, but this is not the reality for residents of many rural
communities across the Nation.

In October 2014, Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack announced $190.5 million in
grants and loans to make broadband and other advanced communications
infrastructure improvements in rural areas.

In December 2014, I visited with groups of people whose families and businesses
will benefit from a $1,771,035 USDA Rural Development Community Connect
Broadband Grant awarded to North Central Telephone Cooperative (NCTC) in
Lafayette, Tennessee.

This rural area bordering the Tennessee/Kentucky state line has seen their share
of businesses closing and families moving "closer to town."  Many of the
longtime residents understand why their children and grandchildren feel isolated
and have decided to move away, but they, along with community and business
leaders, hope the improvements that NCTC is making with the help of Rural
Development funds will turn the tide and draw businesses and people back into
the area.

Upon completion, NCTC service area residents will have access to internet speeds
ranging from 5 Megabits per second (Mbps) to a full 1 Gigabit per second (Gbps).
This means businesses will be able to capitalize off of e-commerce business
strategies and offer teleworking options to their employees; community members
will have more efficient and reliable access to commercial and emergency
services.

I was reminded by a young father that shared how much he enjoyed raising his
family on the same road as his parents, grandparents, siblings, aunts, and
uncles while also describing the challenge of not being able to work at home
because he did not have access to high-speed internet service, that building a
stronger rural America is not only vital to our nation economically, but as an
underpinning to strong families.

Breaking ground on this project felt more like USDA Rural Development and NCTC
were breaking antiquated barriers that have prevented America's rural
businesses, services and families from accessing the world.

USDA Rural Development's Community Connect Grant Program is designed for
communities like Lafayette. These grants enable access to broadband technology
that will sustain existing and attract new businesses to rural communities.
Broadband makes the world accessible even in rural America.

If your rural community needs financial assistance to make broadband access a
reality, USDA Rural Development is accepting applications* from state or town
governments, cooperatives, incorporated organizations, Indian Tribes and Tribal
Organizations for Community Connect Grants.

Together let's break down the barriers and make the world accessible. For more
information contact your local USDA Rural Development team.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: January 6, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              115 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                             The New Times (Kigali)

                           December 27, 2011 Tuesday

How a Revolving Fund Will Boost Women's Poverty Fight

BYLINE: James Tasamba

LENGTH: 341 words


ActionAid Rwanda has offered a grant to support women cooperatives in three
sectors of Nyanza District.

The Rwf4million grant will act as a revolving fund for each of the four
cooperatives engaged in bee keeping, mushroom growing, farming and livestock
keeping from Rwabicuma, Busasamana and Mucingo sectors,.

The grant has generated excitement among the cooperative members, with many of
them arguing that it provides a major boost to accessing of credit facilities
necessary for the implementation of their goals.

"This grant is a welcome gesture," said Jeanette Kanzaire of Twisungane, one of
the cooperatives.

The 25-member cooperative started in 2009 as an association before being
transformed into a cooperative to engage in mushroom production.

"The grant addresses what we have been complaining about all along, that access
to credit facilities is not easy without security," Kanzaire added.

Speaking to The New Times, ActionAid Country Director, Josephine Uwamariya, said
their intervention is robust.

Through partnership between ActionAid and the Women's Network for Rural
Development commonly called (Reseaux Des Femmes), the members also benefit from
a training component where women and youth receive training on nutrition, food
security and credit and saving schemes.

Uwamariya, noted that their goal was to fight poverty among rural women, ensure
food security and nutritional feeding starting with women in selected areas, and
once that is achieved, the projects can be replicated in other parts of the.

"One of the reasons why ActionAid has started a revolving fund for women is that
they face difficulties accessing credit facilities without collateral. We are
now providing this grant to help them sustain their projects, we want to
transform rural areas," she said.

Beata Busasa, the national coordinator of Reseaux Des Femmes appeals to women to
adopt a savings culture, seek agricultural information and credit to improve
their farming activities.

ActionAid initially provided support in form of cash and livestock to the
cooperatives.

LOAD-DATE: December 27, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2011 AllAfrica Global Media.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              116 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                  The Daily Republic (Mitchell, South Dakota)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             August 3, 2012 Friday

USDA announces grant funding plan

BYLINE: Chris Mueller, The Daily Republic, Mitchell, S.D.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 275 words


Aug. 03--DE SMET -- The De Smet Volunteer Fire Department will use a $100,000
federal grant provided to a local electric co-op to buy a new fire engine.

The awarding of the grant was announced Thursday U.S. Department of Agriculture
Under Secretary of Rural Development Dallas Tonsager, a South Dakota native.

"(The fire truck) will be a critical piece of equipment that the community
couldn't ordinarily find the funds for in this case," Tonsager said Thursday
during a teleconference with reporters.

The USDA will provide the $100,000 to the Kingsbury Electric Cooperative,
located in De Smet, which will in turn provide the funding to the fire
department.

Including the grant to Kingsbury Electric Cooperative, Tonsager announced the
USDA will provide 21 loans and grants to support job creation efforts and
economic development in 12 states: Colorado, Illinois, Kansas, Kentucky,
Minnesota, Missouri, Mississippi, North Dakota, Nebraska, South Carolina, South
Dakota and Tennessee.

Another goal, Tonsager said, is to encourage businesses to work with their local
electric co-ops.

The funds were set aside by Congress "to make sure these utility companies have
the opportunity to provide economic development."

As a native of Oldham, located southeast of De Smet, Tonsager said he knows how
integral job creation and economic development is to keeping rural communities
alive.

The USDA will invest nearly $13 million through this program to spur economic
development and job creation, Tonsager said.

___ (c)2012 The Daily Republic (Mitchell, S.D.) Visit The Daily Republic
(Mitchell, S.D.) at www.mitchellrepublic.com Distributed by MCT Information
Services

LOAD-DATE: August 3, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20120803-JQ-USDA-announces-grant-funding-plan-0803-20120803

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: JQ


                       Copyright 2012 The Daily Republic


                              117 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                         Deming Headlight (New Mexico)

                          November 18, 2009 Wednesday

Few growers apply for USDA grants

BYLINE: For the Headlight

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 511 words


For the Headlight

ALBUQUERQUE - USDA Rural Development State Director Terry Brunner expressed
surprise today that only a few applications for the Value-Added Producer Grant
Program have been received from Ag producers in New Mexico. The program is
designed to provide grant funding to assist agricultural producers increase
their profits by adding value to their products.

"In tough economic times, I would have expected that more than a handful of
applications would have been submitted for this grant program," said Brunner. He
added, "This funding can really help farmers and ranchers find marketing
opportunities and produce profitable products from their crops or livestock.
More New Mexicans need to take advantage of this program."

The Value-Added Producer Grant Program can be used for planning activities such
as feasibility studies, marketing and business plans, or for working capital.

Some examples for which the money can be used include the following:

Developing a marketing study to determine the sales potential of making diced
tomatoes and chile into salsa;

Working capital, including salaries and utilities;

Creation of bio-materials (plastics, fiberboard);

On-farm renewable energy and biofuels (ethanol, bio-diesel). Recently, a grant
was awarded to a dairy cooperative in New Mexico to determine if dairy wastes
can be turned into methane gas.

Planning grants of up to $100,000 and working capital grants of up to $300,000
to successful applicants will be competitively awarded. Applicants are
encouraged to propose projects that use existing agricultural products in
non-traditional ways or that merge agricultural products with technology in
creative ways. Businesses of all sizes may apply, but priority will be given to
operators of small and medium-sized family farms - those with average, annual
gross sales of $700,000 or less.

Applicants must provide matching funds equal to the amount of the grant
requested. Ten percent of the available funding is reserved for beginning
farmers or ranchers and generally disadvantaged farmers or ranchers. An
additional 10 percent is reserved for projects involving local and regional
supply networks that link independent producers with businesses and cooperatives
that market value-added products.

"The deadline to apply for a Value Added Producer Grant is Monday, November 30,
2009, and is quickly approaching. Paper applications must be submitted to the
Rural Development State Office located at 6200 Jefferson, NE, Room 255, by the
close of business that day or electronically through the Grants.gov Web site at
www.grants.gov ," said, Brunner.

Those who want to apply for the funding can direct questions to the USDA Rural
Development State Office at (505) 761-4952.

For application requirements, consult both the funding notice at
www.rurdev.usda.gov/rbs/coops/vadg.htm and the regulations at
www.rurdev.usda.gov/regs/regs/pdf/4284j.pdf .

Further information on rural programs is available at a local USDA Rural
Development office or by visiting USDA Rural Development's web site at
www.rurdev.usda.gov/ .

LOAD-DATE: November 18, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: State Director Terry Brunner, USDA Rural Development.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


          Copyright 2009 Deming Headlight, a MediaNews Group Newspaper
                              All Rights Reserved


                              118 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            October 18, 2016 Tuesday

Washington: USDA Seeks Applications for Renewable Energy and Energy Efficiency
Loans and Grants

LENGTH: 604  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: US Department of Agriculture  has issued the following news
release:



 District of Columbia, October 18, 2016 --



 USDA Rural Business-Cooperative Service Administrator Sam Rikkers today
encouraged rural small businesses and agricultural producers to apply for loans
and grants to support renewable energy and energy efficiency projects.





 "These projects create long-term, economic benefits for businesses and rural
communities," Rikkers said. "USDA's funding helps promote U.S. energy
independence and supports the production of home-grown energy sources. I
encourage all eligible applicants to take advantage of this opportunity.  These
investments can help a small business cut costs, expand operations, hire more
workers and provide a better service to the communities in which they operate."



 USDA is accepting Rural Energy for America Program (REAP) applications for: 1)
energy audit and renewable energy development assistance grants, and 2)
renewable energy system and energy efficiency guaranteed loans and grants.



 The application deadline for energy audit and renewable energy development
assistance grants is Jan. 31, 2017. Applications for renewable energy system and
energy efficiency grants of $20,000 or less are due by Oct. 31, 2016, for the
first funding cycle and March 31, 2017, for the second funding cycle.
Applications for renewable energy system and energy efficiency grants of greater
than $20,000 and all combination grants and guaranteed loans are due by March
31, 2017. USDA will set aside 20 percent of the funds for grants of $20,000 or
less.



 Applications for renewable energy system and energy efficiency grants or for
loan/grant combinations that are received after March 31, 2017, will be
considered in Fiscal Year 2018, which starts Oct. 1, 2017. Guaranteed loan
applications will be reviewed and processed when received, with periodic
competitions. For additional information, contact the USDA energy coordinator
for your state, or see page 71689 of the October 18 Federal Register.



 Eligible applicants for renewable energy system and energy efficiency loans and
grants include agricultural producers and rural small businesses, which may
include tribal business entities, rural electric cooperatives and public power
entities. Renewable energy sources include wind, solar, renewable biomass
(including anaerobic digesters), small hydro-electric, ocean, geothermal or
hydrogen derived from these renewable resources. Eligible applicants for energy
audit and renewable energy development assistance grants include State, tribal
or local governments; institutions of higher education; and rural electric
cooperatives and public power entities.



 Congress created the REAP program in the 2002 Farm Bill and reauthorized it in
the 2014 Farm Bill with guaranteed funding of no less than $50 million annually
for the duration of the five-year bill.



 In 2015, USDA provided a $500,000 REAP grant to support SR Camden LLC's solar
farm in Camden, Ark. The $32 million, 12 megawatt solar array on 100 acres at
the Highland Industrial Park has more than 150,000 solar panels. The energy
produced from the panels is fed to the adjacent electric utility substation and
is enough to power about 2,400 homes for a year.



 Nationwide, USDA has helped finance more than 12,000 REAP projects since 2009.
When fully operational, these projects will generate or save enough energy to
power more than 750,000 homes annually, and replace more than 36 million barrels
of oil annually.





 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 18, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              119 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            October 18, 2016 Tuesday

Washington: USDA Seeks Applications for Renewable Energy and Energy Efficiency
Loans and Grants

LENGTH: 604  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: US Department of Agriculture  has issued the following news
release:



 District of Columbia, October 18, 2016 --



 USDA Rural Business-Cooperative Service Administrator Sam Rikkers today
encouraged rural small businesses and agricultural producers to apply for loans
and grants to support renewable energy and energy efficiency projects.





 "These projects create long-term, economic benefits for businesses and rural
communities," Rikkers said. "USDA's funding helps promote U.S. energy
independence and supports the production of home-grown energy sources. I
encourage all eligible applicants to take advantage of this opportunity.  These
investments can help a small business cut costs, expand operations, hire more
workers and provide a better service to the communities in which they operate."



 USDA is accepting Rural Energy for America Program (REAP) applications for: 1)
energy audit and renewable energy development assistance grants, and 2)
renewable energy system and energy efficiency guaranteed loans and grants.



 The application deadline for energy audit and renewable energy development
assistance grants is Jan. 31, 2017. Applications for renewable energy system and
energy efficiency grants of $20,000 or less are due by Oct. 31, 2016, for the
first funding cycle and March 31, 2017, for the second funding cycle.
Applications for renewable energy system and energy efficiency grants of greater
than $20,000 and all combination grants and guaranteed loans are due by March
31, 2017. USDA will set aside 20 percent of the funds for grants of $20,000 or
less.



 Applications for renewable energy system and energy efficiency grants or for
loan/grant combinations that are received after March 31, 2017, will be
considered in Fiscal Year 2018, which starts Oct. 1, 2017. Guaranteed loan
applications will be reviewed and processed when received, with periodic
competitions. For additional information, contact the USDA energy coordinator
for your state, or see page 71689 of the October 18 Federal Register.



 Eligible applicants for renewable energy system and energy efficiency loans and
grants include agricultural producers and rural small businesses, which may
include tribal business entities, rural electric cooperatives and public power
entities. Renewable energy sources include wind, solar, renewable biomass
(including anaerobic digesters), small hydro-electric, ocean, geothermal or
hydrogen derived from these renewable resources. Eligible applicants for energy
audit and renewable energy development assistance grants include State, tribal
or local governments; institutions of higher education; and rural electric
cooperatives and public power entities.



 Congress created the REAP program in the 2002 Farm Bill and reauthorized it in
the 2014 Farm Bill with guaranteed funding of no less than $50 million annually
for the duration of the five-year bill.



 In 2015, USDA provided a $500,000 REAP grant to support SR Camden LLC's solar
farm in Camden, Ark. The $32 million, 12 megawatt solar array on 100 acres at
the Highland Industrial Park has more than 150,000 solar panels. The energy
produced from the panels is fed to the adjacent electric utility substation and
is enough to power about 2,400 homes for a year.



 Nationwide, USDA has helped finance more than 12,000 REAP projects since 2009.
When fully operational, these projects will generate or save enough energy to
power more than 750,000 homes annually, and replace more than 36 million barrels
of oil annually.





 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 19, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              120 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            October 18, 2016 Tuesday

Washington: USDA Seeks Applications for Renewable Energy and Energy Efficiency
Loans and Grants

LENGTH: 604  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: US Department of Agriculture  has issued the following news
release:



 District of Columbia, October 18, 2016 --



 USDA Rural Business-Cooperative Service Administrator Sam Rikkers today
encouraged rural small businesses and agricultural producers to apply for loans
and grants to support renewable energy and energy efficiency projects.





 "These projects create long-term, economic benefits for businesses and rural
communities," Rikkers said. "USDA's funding helps promote U.S. energy
independence and supports the production of home-grown energy sources. I
encourage all eligible applicants to take advantage of this opportunity.  These
investments can help a small business cut costs, expand operations, hire more
workers and provide a better service to the communities in which they operate."



 USDA is accepting Rural Energy for America Program (REAP) applications for: 1)
energy audit and renewable energy development assistance grants, and 2)
renewable energy system and energy efficiency guaranteed loans and grants.



 The application deadline for energy audit and renewable energy development
assistance grants is Jan. 31, 2017. Applications for renewable energy system and
energy efficiency grants of $20,000 or less are due by Oct. 31, 2016, for the
first funding cycle and March 31, 2017, for the second funding cycle.
Applications for renewable energy system and energy efficiency grants of greater
than $20,000 and all combination grants and guaranteed loans are due by March
31, 2017. USDA will set aside 20 percent of the funds for grants of $20,000 or
less.



 Applications for renewable energy system and energy efficiency grants or for
loan/grant combinations that are received after March 31, 2017, will be
considered in Fiscal Year 2018, which starts Oct. 1, 2017. Guaranteed loan
applications will be reviewed and processed when received, with periodic
competitions. For additional information, contact the USDA energy coordinator
for your state, or see page 71689 of the October 18 Federal Register.



 Eligible applicants for renewable energy system and energy efficiency loans and
grants include agricultural producers and rural small businesses, which may
include tribal business entities, rural electric cooperatives and public power
entities. Renewable energy sources include wind, solar, renewable biomass
(including anaerobic digesters), small hydro-electric, ocean, geothermal or
hydrogen derived from these renewable resources. Eligible applicants for energy
audit and renewable energy development assistance grants include State, tribal
or local governments; institutions of higher education; and rural electric
cooperatives and public power entities.



 Congress created the REAP program in the 2002 Farm Bill and reauthorized it in
the 2014 Farm Bill with guaranteed funding of no less than $50 million annually
for the duration of the five-year bill.



 In 2015, USDA provided a $500,000 REAP grant to support SR Camden LLC's solar
farm in Camden, Ark. The $32 million, 12 megawatt solar array on 100 acres at
the Highland Industrial Park has more than 150,000 solar panels. The energy
produced from the panels is fed to the adjacent electric utility substation and
is enough to power about 2,400 homes for a year.



 Nationwide, USDA has helped finance more than 12,000 REAP projects since 2009.
When fully operational, these projects will generate or save enough energy to
power more than 750,000 homes annually, and replace more than 36 million barrels
of oil annually.





 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 19, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              121 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           October 5, 2016 Wednesday

Agency Information Collection Activities; Proposals, Submissions, and Approvals

LENGTH: 669  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington, DC:  This Notice document was issued by the Rural Business
Cooperative Service (RBS)



  Action



 Proposed collection; comments requested.

 Summary



 In accordance with the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995, this notice announces
the Rural Business-Cooperative Service's intention to request an extension for a
currently approved information collection in support of the Rural Economic
Development Loan and Grant Program.



 Dates



 Comments on this notice must be received by December 5, 2016, to be assured of
consideration.

 For Further Information Contact



 Director, Specialty Programs Division, Rural Business-Cooperative Service, U.S.
Department of Agriculture, STOP 3226, 1400 Independence Avenue SW., Washington,
DC 20250-3226, Telephone (202) 720-1400.

 Supplementary Information



 Title: Rural Economic Development Loan and Grant Program.



 OMB Number: 0570-0035.



 Expiration Date of Approval: February 28, 2017.



 Type of Request: Extension of a currently approved information collection.



 Abstract: Under this program, loans and grants are provided to electric and
telecommunications utilities that have borrowed funds from the Agency. The
purpose of the program is to encourage these electric and telecommunications
utilities to promote rural economic development and job creation projects such
as business start-up costs, business expansion, community development, and
business incubator projects. The utilities must use program loan funds to make a
pass-through loan to an ultimate recipient such as a business. The utility is
responsible for fully repaying its loan to the Government, even if the ultimate
recipient does not repay its loan. The intermediary must use program grant
funds, along with its required contribution, to create a revolving loan fund
that the utility will operate and administer. Loans to the ultimate recipient
are made from the revolving loan fund for a variety of community development
projects. The information requested is necessary and vital in order for the
Agency to be able to make prudent and financial analysis decisions.



 Estimate of Burden: Public reporting burden for this collection of information
is estimated to average 2 hours per response.



 Respondents: Rural Utilities Service Electric and Telecommunications Borrowers.




 Estimated Number of Respondents: 120.



 Estimated Number of Responses per Respondent: 17.



 Estimated Number of Responses: 2,075.



 Estimated Total Annual Burden on Respondents: 4,728.



 Copies of this information collection can be obtained from Jeanne Jacobs,
Regulations and Paperwork Management Branch, Support Services Division at (202)
692-0040.



 Comments: Comments are invited on: (a) Whether the proposed collection of
information is necessary for the proper performance of the functions of USDA,
including whether the information will have practical utility; (b) the accuracy
of USDA's estimate of the burden of the proposed collection of information
including the validity of the methodology and assumptions used; (c) ways to
enhance the quality, utility and clarity of the information to be collected; and
(d) ways to minimize the burden of the collection of information on those who
are to respond, including through the use of appropriate automated, electronic,
mechanical, or other technological collection techniques or other forms of
information technology. Comments may be sent to Jeanne Jacobs, Regulations and
Paperwork Management Branch, Support Services Division, U.S. Department of
Agriculture, Rural Development, STOP 0742, 1400 Independence Avenue SW.,
Washington, DC 20250-0742. All responses to this notice will be summarized and
included in the request for OMB approval. All comments will also become a matter
of public record.

 Dated: September 28, 2016.

 Justin Hatmaker,

 Acting Administrator, Rural Business-Cooperative Service.

 [FR Doc. 2016-23914 Filed 10-3-16; 8:45 am]

 BILLING CODE 3410-XY-P



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 5, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              122 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                         Deming Headlight (New Mexico)

                             January 1, 2010 Friday

USDA stimulus money almost triples funding for rural NM projects

BYLINE: For the Headlight

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 634 words


ALBUQUERQUE -- USDA Rural Development State Director Terry Brunner announced
today that USDA Rural Development (RD) investments almost tripled from Fiscal
Year 2008 to Fiscal Year 2009. American Recovery and Reinvestment Act funding
combined with regular program funding boosted USDA RD's FY 09 spending to $354
million in loans and grants throughout rural New Mexico -- a boost from $154
million in FY 08. The funds paid for the construction of water and wastewater
systems, community facilities, business development, homeownership, electric and
telecommunications projects.

In making the announcement, Brunner said, "USDA Rural Development made a
significant difference in rural New Mexico in 2009." Brunner added, "The Obama
Administration has worked hard in rural America to build a foundation for
economic strength and future prosperity. Creating quality jobs, providing
housing opportunities and ensuring that rural communities have safe, clean water
is just some of what we did last year." Brunner added, "We've also funded the
upgrade and expansion of electric and telecommunication transmission across the
State-vital infrastructure improvements for our rural communities. Rural New
Mexico made great strides in 2009 and we expect to continue that pace in 2010."

In FY '08 RD made more than $84-million in loans and grants in the programs
administered in New Mexico and another $50-million was obligated for electric
and telecommunications loans administered in Washington, D. C.

In FY-09, USDA Rural Development funded a total of $155,524,007 in business,
community facility, housing, and water and wastewater projects. Electric and
telecommunications projects across the state received $199,475,648 in funding
for a grand total of $354,999,655 in USDA Rural Development loans and grants in
New Mexico.

The loans and grants were distributed to rural New Mexicans in the following
areas:

RD Business Programs issued $11,972,653 in loans and grants to fund nineteen
business projects located in communities of less than 50,000 people. USDA RD
funded a wind turbine for Lalo's convenience store in Vaughn, N.M.

RD Water and Environmental Programs financed $46,853,854 in loans and grants to
build or refurbish 23 water and wastewater projects in communities of less than
10,000 people in rural New Mexico. This year, USDA RD assisted with $9.7 million
in funding for a new wastewater treatment plant for Ruidoso and Ruidoso Downs.

RD Community Facilities Programs financed eleven projects with loans and grants,
for the construction of numerous community buildings and the purchase of first
responder equipment in communities of less than 20,000 people for a total of
$43,425,049. Stimulus funding provided $9.4 million for the constriction of
Guadalupe County's new hospital.

RD Housing Programs issued loans and grants in the amount of $53,272,451 in
several housing programs which helped 472 become homeowners or helped families
refurbish and remodel their homes in areas populated by less than 20,000 people.

RD Electric Programs issued four loans to electric co-ops for a total of

$103,625,000. Some of the co-operatives also provide electric services to
communities in neighboring states.

RD Telecommunications Programs provided $95,850,648 to eight telephone
cooperatives and educational institutions to expand broadband, communication and
distance learning infrastructure throughout rural New Mexico. LEACO telephone
cooperative received more than $50 million in funding for Internet service to
northern Lea County.

USDA Rural Development's mission is to increase economic opportunity and improve
the quality of life in rural communities. Further information on rural programs
is available at a local USDA Rural Development office or by visiting USDA's web
site at http://www.rurdev.usda.gov .

LOAD-DATE: January 6, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Firefighters from the Angel Fire Fire Department push a fire engine
back into the bay of newly-constructed fire station No. 2. USDA Rural
Development s community facilities loan program provided $700,000 for the
project.
A ribbon cutting event for the grand opening of the Hampton Inn Hotel was held
in Deming. Rural Development s Business and Industry Guaranteed loan program
provided a $5 million guaranteed loan for the hotel s construction.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


          Copyright 2010 Deming Headlight, a MediaNews Group Newspaper
                              All Rights Reserved


                              123 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                        Cumberland Times-News (Maryland)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           February 13, 2010 Saturday

Federal grant request for local, rural broadband rejected: Local officials site
competition for money by three groups in state and lack of matching funds as
causes

BYLINE: Kevin Spradlin, Cumberland Times News, Md.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 598 words


Feb. 13--CUMBERLAND -- Local officials are speaking out against there being
multiple groups in Maryland seeking the same federal stimulus funding to expand
high-speed Internet access.

The result could leave all three groups without any of the $7.2 billion in
federal aid available for broadband projects through the American Recovery and
Reinvestment Act. The Maryland Broadband Cooperative, which includes Western
Maryland, and a second group from the upper Eastern Shore were notified recently
their grant requests were rejected. It's believed the rejections are, at least
in part, the result of no matching funds being available.

Matt Diaz, a member of the Maryland Broadband Cooperative board of directors and
director of Allegany County's Department of Economic Development, said he
believes the original mission was first to serve rural communities. A relatively
new group called One Maryland Broadband Plan, headed by Howard County, serves
primarily urban and suburban central Maryland.

The Maryland Broadband Cooperative requested approximately $80 million while the
One Maryland group, which includes the cities of Baltimore and Annapolis and the
counties of Anne Arundel, Baltimore, Carroll, Frederick, Harford, Howard,
Montgomery, Prince George's, St. Mary's and Charles, requested $99 million. That
group remains in the hunt for federal grants that are to be announced Tuesday.

Diaz said he believes the Maryland Broadband Cooperative had put together "a
fantastic application" and that "we were and still are disappointed."

Diaz recognized, however, that the metro areas of the state "are a big part of
what makes the state tick."

While the One Maryland plan aims to get broadband inside elementary schools,
there are residents and businesses in Mountain Maryland that "don't really have
dial-up service."

"We feel we have a very strong case" for federal aid, Diaz said, noting the
group plans to submit a second application for another round of federal grants.

Though without matching funds, Diaz said he believes his group can present a
strong case in part because the cooperative extends from one end of Maryland to
the other.

Allegany County Commissioner Jim Stakem is chairman of the Maryland Rural
Broadband Coordination Board -- the funds-seeking arm of the Maryland Broadband
Cooperative. He said the rural Maryland-based group had extended broadband first
to the Easternâ[#x20ac][#x2c6]Shore, then to Southern Maryland.

"Of course, the next step was to come to Western
Maryland,"â[#x20ac][#x2c6]Stakem said. "We're not giving up on this. We are
eventually going to get broadband in Western Maryland. Iâ[#x20ac][#x2c6]think
we'd have been better off if the other group hadn't shown up."

When the federal government wrote the rules on how jurisdictions were to qualify
for funding, "it almost looked like they wrote it for us,"â[#x20ac][#x2c6]Stakem
said. "We thought we had everything nailed down. We were really surprised we
didn't get anything in the first round."

Stakem said that economic development remains a top priority for county
government and that broadband, as well as the U.S. Route 220 project, "could
change Western Maryland forever, to the good."

Contact Kevin Spradlin at kspradlin@times-news.com

To see more of the Cumberland Times News or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.times-news.com/. Copyright (c) 2010, Cumberland Times News, Md.
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: February 14, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20100213-UM-Federal-grant-request-for-local-rural
-broadband-rejected-0213

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: UM


                                 Copyright 2010


                              124 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                     The Pantagraph (Bloomington, Illinois)

                             June 12, 2004 Saturday

Farm Briefs

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. A15

LENGTH: 437 words


Commodity board

Pantagraph area farmers will be able to elect representatives to commodity
checkoff boards July 6. Voting will occur at affected county University of
Illinois Extension offices.

Candidates include William Markel of Sidell running for Illinois Corn Marketing
Board in Ford, Iroquois, Champaign and Vermilion counties; Mike McElvain of
Heyworth for Illinois Sheep and Wool Marketing Board in DeWitt, Logan and McLean
counties; Wally Denzer of Bloomington for Illinois Soybean Checkoff Board in
Livingston, McLean and Woodford counties; Larry Rhodes of Carlinville for
Illinois Beef Board in Woodford, Tazewell and Logan counties; and Brian Rincker
of Strasburg for the beef board in Livingston, Ford, Iroquois, DeWitt, McLean,
Champaign and Piatt counties.

Write-ins are permitted, but those running for corn or soybean boards must file
a declaration of intent with the Illinois Department of Agriculture by June 29.
Write-ins are not permitted for the beef board.

Absentee ballots are available from IDA. They are due July 2.

Agriculture grants

The U.S. Department of Agriculture has grants available for rural cooperative
development and value-added agribusiness ventures.

About $6.5 million in rural development grants will go to small, minority
producers running cooperative businesses as well as nonprofit corporations and
colleges/universities. Matching funds are required for eligibility.

The value-added grants total $13.2 million. Priority will be given to applicants
who have at least 51 percent of project costs dedicated to bioenergy. Grants are
available to individuals, ag producer groups and farmer cooperatives for
conducting feasibility studies, developing business and marketing plans and
acquiring capital.

Applications for both grant programs are due July 26. Applications and program
requirements can be found at www.rurdev.usda.gov.

Soybean aphids

Soybean aphids have been detected in fields along the eastern part of Iowa, but
populations remain very small, according to a Growmark Inc. insecticide
technical specialist.

Kevin Black said there's ample time for natural controls to keep populations in
check or even crash. In the meantime, he and University of Illinois Extension
entomologists suggest farmers scout soybean fields.

Focus on the tallest fields and those located close to woodlands. Black
recommends examining the undersides of leaves on 100 plants in several areas of
the field.

Black further suggested insecticide treatment for fields with an average count
of 250 aphids per plant. But he cautioned against being overzealous in treatment
with plants in a vegetative stage.

LOAD-DATE: June 15, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2004 The Pantagraph


                              125 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           October 25, 2014 Saturday

Heitkamp Announces Significant Federal Funding to Support Economic Development
in Rural North Dakota

LENGTH: 349  words

DATELINE: Washington


Office of the Senator Heidi Heitkamp, U.S Government has issued the following
news release:

U.S. Senator Heidi Heitkamp, Chairwoman of the Senate Agriculture Committee
Subcommittee on Jobs, Rural Economic Growth and Energy Innovation, today
announced $400,000 in federal funding to help strengthen and expand economic
development in rural communities throughout North Dakota.

"North Dakota's rural communities play an important role in supporting our
state's economy, families, and way of life," said Heitkamp. "Having grown up in
Mantador - a town of just 90 people - I have seen firsthand the positive impact
that targeted investments can make in rural communities. These funds will help
strengthen rural development efforts, providing small towns and rural areas
across our state with an opportunity to thrive."

The funds will be distributed as follows:

Common Enterprise Development Corporation - $200,000. The funds will be used to
assist entrepreneurs and cooperative or mutually-owned businesses in rural
communities and Native American tribes in North Dakota, Minnesota, and South
Dakota.

North Dakota Association of Rural Electric Cooperatives - $200,000. The funds
will be used to assist cooperatives and mutually-owned businesses in rural North
Dakota.

The funds are made available through U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA) Rural
Development's Rural Cooperative Development Grant Program. USDA Rural
Development is overseen by Chairwoman Heitkamp's Subcommittee.

The 2014 Farm Bill, which Heitkamp played a leading role in crafting, places a
strong emphasis on supporting rural development projects. The bill authorizes
programs that help upgrade and improve rural water systems, invests in expanding
rural high-speed Internet, funds loans to consumers to improve energy efficiency
through the new Rural Energy Savings Program, and reauthorizes several other
existing programs that are critical to supporting economic and community
development in rural America.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 25, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              126 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                              Daily The Pak Banker

                           February 11, 2017 Saturday

World Bank approves loan to increase income

LENGTH: 342 words

DATELINE: New York



 WASHINGTON DC: Through the establishment of cooperatives and partnerships with
agribusiness enterprises in agriculture value chains and rural tourism, the
Board of Executive Directors of the World Bank approved a $100 million loan to
increase income generating opportunities for poor farmers in China's Guangxi
Zhuang Autonomous Region.





 The Chinese government in 2015 set an ambitious goal to eliminate rural poverty
by 2020. One of the key poverty reduction programs is poverty reduction through
agricultural industrialization, which aims to develop local agriculture-based
industries by creating economic opportunities for poor rural households in
partnership with various stakeholders.



 Paavo Eliste, World Bank's Lead Agriculture Economist and Team Leader for the
project, said, "Farmer cooperatives play an important role in the agricultural
industrialization approach by enabling farmers to engage with the rapidly
changing food market, improving production efficiency, adopting new technologies
and standardizing agricultural production. The Guangxi Rural Poverty Alleviation
Pilot Project will support the establishment and strengthening of farmer
cooperatives in ten counties in the karst and hilly areas to link poor rural
households to the modern food value chains."



 Project-supported activities will include: a cooperative development fund,
which will provide grant financing to new or existing cooperatives for their
investments in production, processing equipment and training; the provision of
matching grants to finance enterprise investments that demonstrate innovative
linkages and benefit-sharing arrangements with targeted cooperatives of poor
farmers; the construction or improvement of rural public infrastructure, such as
production roads, small-scale water storage facilities and irrigation systems,
and public market facilities; setting up and operating Business Incubation
Centers to support existing and start-up businesses in rural areas; and the
scaling-up of the government's comprehensive household credit rating program.



LOAD-DATE: February 14, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


              Copyright 2017 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              127 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       BBC Monitoring Africa - Political
                      Supplied by BBC Worldwide Monitoring

                             January 8, 2010 Friday

US agency grants 14m dollars to NGOs to restore Zimbabwe's agriculture sector

LENGTH: 388 words


Text of unattributed report entitled "USAid awards grants aimed at rural
farmers" published by privately-owned weekly newspaper The Zimbabwe Independent
website on 7 January

The United States Agency for International Development (USAid) has awarded 14m
dollars in grants to seven non-governmental organizations aimed at restoring
livelihoods to farmers in rural Zimbabwe and kick-starting agricultural
recovery. The grants target more than 52,000 farmers and agri-businesses in
support of a broad range of activities and sectors, with the ultimate goal of
increasing production and raising incomes.

Grant activities include vouchers for agricultural inputs, provision of
extension services to farmers, training in conservation farming, strengthening
agro-dealers and processors, development of local commodity associations,
re-establishment of market linkages, business training, seed retention, creation
of internal savings and lending groups, and small-scale irrigation.

One grant focuses on increasing production, processing, and marketing of meat,
milk, and eggs, whereas other grants focus on staple crops (e.g., maize,
groundnuts, beans, and sweet potato) and cotton.

The projects will benefit farmers in Mashonaland Central, Mashonaland East,
Mashonaland West, Masvingo, Midlands, Matabeleland, and Manicaland.

USAid Mission Director Karen Freeman noted that the United States government is
committed to restoring the agricultural sector in Zimbabwe as an engine of
growth and a source of pride.

"Zimbabwe's economy has always revolved around agriculture. We are proud of the
activities proposed by the Livelihood awardees to help to restore this important
sector to health," she said. "This is an investment from the people of the
United States which demonstrates our strong and continued support for Zimbabwean
farmers and agri-businesses."

The NGOs include Agricultural Cooperative Development International/Volunteers
in Overseas Cooperative Assistance, International Relief and Development, the
Cooperative League of the USA, Africare, Mercy Corps, Care, and Land O'Lakes.
Beneficiaries of the grants will work with local partners and communities to
ensure quick start-up, rapid and sustainable impact, and high levels of local
involvement and participation.

Source: The Zimbabwe Independent website, Harare, in English 7 Jan 10

LOAD-DATE: January 8, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Transcript


                Copyright 2010 British Broadcasting Corporation
                              All Rights Reserved


                              128 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                         Deming Headlight (New Mexico)

                             April 26, 2010 Monday

USDA Business Grant application deadline approaches

BYLINE: For the Headlight

SECTION: LOCAL

LENGTH: 480 words


For the Headlight

ALBUQUERQUE - USDA Rural Development State Director Terry Brunner announced that
USDA-RD is accepting applications for business grant funding to help promote
sustainable economic development in rural areas.

"Nurturing economic development is important to our rural communities," said
Brunner. "The grant funds will provide assistance to rural businesses and build
stronger communities in rural New Mexico."

The funding is provided through two grant programs administered by USDA Rural
Development's Rural Business Cooperative Program. The Rural Business Enterprise
Grant (RBEG) program finances and facilitates development of small and emerging
private business enterprises, and the Rural Business Opportunity Grant (RBOG)
program provides funds for technical assistance and planning activities to
improve economic conditions. Any project funded under either of these programs
must be located in any area other than a city or town that has a population of
greater than 50,000 inhabitants. In both programs, successful applicants use
funding to help private businesses.

RBEG funds can be used to finance or develop small and emerging business,
including technical assistance, such as providing assistance for marketing
studies, feasibility studies, business plans, and training. Funds can also be
used to purchase machinery and equipment to lease to a small business, or it can
be used to create a revolving loan fund to provide partial funding as a loan to
a small business for the purchase of equipment, working capital, or real estate,
or to construct a building for a business incubator for small and emerging
businesses. A grant request of less than a $100,000 receives priority.
Applications must be received at the Rural Development State Office, 6200
Jefferson NE, Albuquerque, New Mexico 87109, by May 5, 2010 at 4:30 p.m.

RBOG funds are used primarily for training and technical assistance. This
program provides funds for the development of export markets, feasibility
studies, development of long term trade strategies, community economic
development planning, business training, business-based technical assistance for
rural entrepreneurs and business managers, establishment of rural business
incubators and assistance with technology-based economic development.

The maximum RBOG request is $250,000 per application. Applications must be
received at the Rural Development State Office, 6200 Jefferson NE, Albuquerque,
New Mexico 87109, by June 28, 2010 at 4 p.m.

Applications for the RBOG-Native American set-aside will also be accepted until
June 28, 2010 at 4 p.m.

Those interested in applying for this funding are urged to discuss projects with
USDA-RD Business and Cooperative Programs well in advance of the deadline dates.
Potential applicants and others interested in the programs can reach the
business programs office in Albuquerque at (505)761-4953.

LOAD-DATE: January 20, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


          Copyright 2010 Deming Headlight, a MediaNews Group Newspaper
                              All Rights Reserved


                              129 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                      Trend News Agency, Baku, Azerbaijan

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           November 12, 2013 Tuesday

Minister: Tax benefits to be given for creation of rural cooperatives in Georgia

BYLINE: Nana Kirtzkhalia, Trend News Agency, Baku, Azerbaijan

SECTION: BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL NEWS

LENGTH: 255 words


Nov. 12--Georgia has begun to work out legislative bases for the creation of
rural cooperatives.

"The creation of cooperatives is another project that contributes to the
development of agriculture. The Finance Ministry has prepared several projects,
including amendments to the Tax Code according to which cooperatives will get
tax benefits," Georgian Finance Minister Nodar Khaduri said on Nov.11.

According to the Minister of Agriculture Shalva Pipia, the purpose of creating
cooperatives is to open new work places in rural areas, adoption of new
technologies, increase of agricultural production and export potential of
agricultural products.

According to the minister, farmers united in cooperatives, will receive grants
from the state regardless the status of the entrepreneur.

"In order to solve problems in agriculture and to increase the effectiveness of
this sphere, an agency will be created In order to contribute to creation of
cooperatives. The state will contribute to the development of cooperatives and
agricultural production," Pipia said.

Starting Nov.12, the representatives of the Information Service of Georgia's
Ministry of Agriculture and the heads of local administrations will hold
informational meetings with residents of rural areas in the country's regions.

The European Union has allocated some 40 million euros for Georgia's development
of rural cooperatives.

___ (c)2013 Trend News Agency (Baku, Azerbaijan) Visit Trend News Agency (Baku,
Azerbaijan) at en.trend.az Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: November 12, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20131112-1AZ-Minister-Tax-benefits-to-be-given-for-creation-of-
rural-cooperatives-in-Georgia-1112-20131112

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1AZ


                                 Copyright 2013


                              130 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                       The Oskaloosa Independent (Kansas)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                               February 14, 2013

USDA Rural Development highlights 2012 Investments to Build Stronger Rural
Kansas Communities

BYLINE: The Oskaloosa Independent staff

LENGTH: 532  words


USDA Rural Development State Director Patty Clark last week issued a report
highlighting USDA Rural Development's fiscal year 2012 investments in job
creation, businesses, infrastructure and housing for Kan-sans living in rural
communities.

In fiscal year 2012, rural communities throughout Kansas received more than $475
million in financial assistance to finance homeowner-ship, replace aging water
and sewer systems, stimulate business growth and job creation and to enhance
access to healthcare for rural residents as well as expand broadband access.

"USDA Rural Development strives to improve the quality of life for Kansans by
investing in the future of rural Kansas communities," said USDA Rural
Development State Director Patty Clark. "Financing from the federal government
provides rural residents and rural communities with the basic needs of
infrastructure, employment, healthcare and housing."

Through its Community Facilities loan and grant program, Rural Development
provided more than $26 million in financing to communities for purchasing storm
sirens, equipment for electronic medical records, patrol cars, new heating and
cooling units, as well as building and renovating hospitals, nursing homes, and
daycare centers. Ninety percent of the Community Facilities program funding was
for improving rural healthcare centers in the state.

More than 45, 000 rural Kansans in 28 communities were assisted through the
agency's Water and Environmental Program, which provides clean drinking water
and safe, sanitary wastewater disposal. The agency provided $58 million in
financing to communities for installing nearly 300 miles of water and wastewater
lines in rural Kansas, as well as making other water and wastewater system
improvements.

In 2012, Rural Development helped 1, 922 Kansas families purchase safe,
affordable homes by providing $201 million in financing. More than 100 rural
Kansans were provided loans and grants to repair or make accessibility
modifications in order to remain in their own homes.

Through Rural Development's business and cooperative loan, grant and technical
assistance programs, the agency helped 127 rural small business owners improve
their enterprises in 2012. Business and cooperative program funding created or
saved approximately 1, 000 rural Kansas jobs in 2012. Rural Development provided
nearly $35 million to assist rural businesses create ongoing economic
opportunities in rural Kansas that will pay benefits for years to come.

During 2012, Rural Development provided $107 million to eight electric
cooperatives to improve efficiency and modernize rural electric generation and
transmission systems. Nearly $30 million was invested in telecommunication
projects to help expand access to high-speed broadband in rural Kansas.

Additional information on programs available through USDA Rural Development is
available by calling 785-271-2700.

USDA, through its Rural Development mission area, has an active portfolio of
more than $176 billion in loans and loan guarantees. These programs are designed
to improve the economic stability of rural communities, businesses, residents,
farmers and ranchers and improve the quality of life in rural America.

LOAD-DATE: October 2, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Local Government

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: OSK

                      Copyright 2013 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                    Copyright 2013 The Oskaloosa Independent


                              131 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            August 19, 2014 Tuesday

Rural Business-Cooperative Service: Supervisory Management and Program Analyst
DC-2014-0065

LENGTH: 3010  words

DATELINE: Washington


The United States Office of Personnel Management has issued the following job
announcement:

Job Title:Supervisory Management and Program Analyst

Department:Department Of Agriculture

Agency:Rural Business-Cooperative Service

Job Announcement Number:DC-2014-0065
SALARY RANGE:
 $106,263.00 to $138,136.00 / Per Year
OPEN PERIOD:
 Monday, August 18, 2014 to Wednesday, August 27, 2014
SERIES & GRADE:
 GS-0343-14
POSITION INFORMATION:
 Full-Time - Permanent
PROMOTION POTENTIAL:
14
DUTY LOCATIONS:
 1 vacancy - Washington DC, DC View Map
WHO MAY APPLY:
 Current permanent Federal employees with competitive status, reinstatement
eligibles, persons with disabilities, VEOA eligibles, certain military spouses,
30% or more disabled veterans, former Peace Corps or VISTA volunteers,
CTAP/ICTAP eligibles, Farm Service Agency permanent county employees and those
eligible for other Special Hiring Authorities.
SECURITY CLEARANCE:
 Q - Sensitive
SUPERVISORY STATUS:
 Yes
JOB SUMMARY:

The U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA) Rural Development Agency serves rural
communities throughout the country by investing in their communities through
housing and utility infrastructure, by increasing economic opportunity, and by
improving the quality of life for all rural Americans.  Rural Development
provides over 40 loan and grant programs in the Rural Housing and Community
Facilities Services, Rural Business and Cooperative Services, and Rural
Utilities Service. Rural Development supports a positive work environment and
promotes diversity and inclusion for nearly 5,000 employees.

Rural Development is a dynamic organization recruiting for employees who possess
the energy, compassion, and commitment to serve those in rural communities and
will enjoy working in a fast paced and results driven organization.  Our
commitment is to expand economic opportunity and quality of life in all of rural
America by providing financial programs to support essential public facilities
and services such as water and sewer systems, housing, health clinics, emergency
service facilities and electric and telephone service.  Rural Development offers
a friendly and professional working environment and such excellent benefits as:
a generous salary, alternative work schedules, paid vacation and sick leave,
paid holidays, retirement and supplemental savings plan, a wide array of health,
dental, vision, and life insurance plans, flexible spending accounts, and
long-term care insurance.

This position is located in the Grants Division, Rural Business and Cooperative
Service (RBS).  You will be responsible for ensuring the efficient
administration of grant programs and related activities.

This announcement may be used to fill additional or subsequent vacancies that
are identified by the organization.

TRAVEL REQUIRED

25% or Greater
    Travel may be required

RELOCATION AUTHORIZED

No

KEY REQUIREMENTS

Selective Service Registration is required for males born after 12/31/1959.
    Completion of OGE 450 Form is required.
    Completion of one-year supervisory period may be required.
    You must be a citizen or US National.

DUTIES:
Back to top

Advise management officials of higher rank.
    Direct a program with significant resources.
    Perform supervisory responsibilities (e.g. approve leave and travel, within
grade increases, and recommend awards and bonuses).
    Collaborate with others with similar interests in promoting coordination
with and secure cooperation on programs of mutual concern.
    Oversee and monitor program progress to analyze and evaluate activities and
resolve unusual operating problems.
    Conduct field program planning meetings and training conferences.
    Direct the installation of new operating procedures and methods.
    Serve as the key advisor on grant processing/servicing matters.
    Plan, develop and direct the execution of broad programs for training
personnel responsible for administering the grant programs.
    Direct the development and preparation of a variety of program data and
reports.
    Provide technical assistance to field officials and personnel to promote
full, current understanding; proper interpretation and effective applications of
established operating policies and approved methods in the administration of the
grant programs.

QUALIFICATIONS REQUIRED:
Back to top

Applicants must meet all requirements by the closing date of the announcement,
including time-in-grade restrictions and specialized experience as defined
below.

Current Federal employees must have served 52 weeks at the lower grade (GS-13)
or equivalent grade band in the Federal service. The Time-in-Grade requirement
must be met by 11:59pm (Eastern Time) on the closing date of this announcement.

Qualifying experience for the GS-14 level includes one year of specialized
experience at least equivalent to the GS-13 level which is in or directly
related to the line of work of the position to be filled and which has equipped
the applicant with the particular knowledge, skills, and abilities to
successfully perform the duties of the position. Examples of specialized
experience include providing expert analysis and advice on complex grant
management and/or grant monitoring program issues, grant processing/servicing
matters; managing federal grant programs at the federal, state, or local level.

There is no education substitution for this grade level.

NOTE:  To be considered for this position, you must meet all qualification and
eligibility requirements for the GS-0343 series set forth in the Office of
Personnel Management (OPM) Qualification Standards by the closing date of the
announcement.  A copy is available at:
http://www.opm.gov/qualifications/index.asp .

o  If you are newly hired, the documentation you present for purposes of
completing the Department Homeland Security (DHS) Form I-9 on your entry-on-duty
date will be verified through the DHS "E-VERIFY" system. Federal law requires
the use of E-VERIFY to confirm the employment eligibility of all new hires.
Under this system, the new hire is required to resolve any identified
discrepancies as a condition of continued employment.
o  To be eligible for appointment to this position, the new hire must be cleared
to come on board once the results of the fingerprint check, review of the
OF-306, Declaration for Federal Employment, and the candidate's Electronic
Questionnaires for Investigations Processing (eQIP) entries have been reviewed
and determined to be satisfactory.  This position requires a favorable credit
check as part of the background investigation.
o  Selectee must be able to obtain and maintain a security clearance. If
selected you may be subject to a National Agency Check and Inquiry (NACI) and a
credit report inquiry.
HOW YOU WILL BE EVALUATED:

You will be evaluated based on your qualifications for this position as
evidenced by the education, experience, and training you described in your
application package, as well as the responses to the Occupational Questionnaire
to determine the degree to which you possess the knowledge, skills, abilities
and competencies listed below:
        Management Analysis
        Program Analysis
        Analytical and Evaluative
        Oral Communication
        Written Communication
        Supervision
    We will review your application, including the online Occupational
Questionnaire, to ensure you meet the job requirements and assess your ability
to perform this job. Before any certificate can be issued to the selecting
official, the resume and supporting documents are reviewed by an HR Specialist
to ensure that (a) minimum qualification requirements are met and (b) the resume
supports the answers provided to the job-specific questions. Your answers will
be verified against information provided in your online resume and application.
Be sure that your resume clearly supports your responses to all the questions
addressing experience and education relevant to this position.
    Applicants who meet the basic minimum qualification requirements and are
determined to be among the best qualified candidates will be referred to the
hiring manager for consideration. Non-Competitive candidates need to meet
minimum qualification requirements to be referred.

Note: If, after reviewing your resume and / or supporting documentation, a
determination is made that you have inflated your qualifications and or
experience, your score can / will be lowered to more accurately reflect the
submitted documentation. Please follow all instructions carefully. Errors or
omissions may affect your rating. Deliberate attempts to falsify information may
be grounds for not selecting you.

To view the application form, visit:
https://rbcs.usda.ntis.gov/cp/?event=jobs.previewApplication&jobid=e553b258-e449
-4044-ae27-a33b00a40eb4

BENEFITS:
Back to top

You can review our benefits at:
http://www.opm.gov/healthcare-insurance/healthcare/enrollment/new-federal-employ
ee-enrollment/


OTHER INFORMATION:
o  BACKGROUND INVESTIGATION AND FINGERPRINT CHECK:  Selection and retention in
this position is contingent on a successfully adjudicated FBI National Criminal
History Check (fingerprint check) and a background investigation.
o  Career Transition Assistance Plan(CTAP) or Interagency Career Transition
Assistance Plan (ICTAP):   If you are claiming CTAP/ICTAP eligibility, provide
proof of eligibility to include your most recent performance appraisal, SF-50,
and proof of eligibility such as a RIF separation notice or letter from OPM/your
agency.  CTAP/ICTAP eligibles will be considered well-qualified if achieving a
rating of 88 or above.  Information about CTAP/ICTAP eligibility is on OPM's
Career Transition Resources website at http://www.opm.gov/ctap/index.asp.
o  This position is eligible for telework and other flexible work arrangements.
Employee participation is at the discretion of the supervisor.
o  Persons with disabilities who require alternative means for communication of
program information (Braille, large print, audiotape, etc) should contact:
USDA's TARGET Center at 202-720-2600 (voice and TDD).
HOW TO APPLY:
Back to top

Please read the entire announcement and all the instructions before you begin.
The following instructions outline our application process.

You must complete this application process and submit all required documents
electronically by 11:59 p.m. Eastern Time (ET) on the closing date of this
announcement.
    We are available to assist you during business hours normally (8:00 a.m. -
4:00 p.m., Monday - Friday). Applying online is highly encouraged. If applying
online poses a hardship, please contact our office during business hours well
before the closing date for an alternate method. All hardship application
packages with supporting documents must be submitted no later than noon on the
closing date of the announcement in order to be entered into the system prior to
its closing.
    This agency provides reasonable accommodation to applicants with
disabilities on a case-by-case basis; contact us if you are requesting this.

Step 1: Create a USAJOBS account (if you do not have one) at www.usajobs.gov. It
is recommended that as part of your profile you set up automatic email
notification to be informed when the status of your application changes. If you
choose not to set up this automatic notification, then you will have to log into
your USAJOBS account to check on the status of your application.


Step 2: Create a resume with USAJOBS or upload a resume into your USAJOBS
account. Customize your resume to ensure it documents duties and accomplishments
you have gained that are directly related to this position in order to verify
that qualifications are met. Your resume must support your responses to the
online questionnaire (you may preview the online questionnaire by clicking on
the link at the end of the How You Will Be Evaluated section of the job
announcement).

Step 3: Click "Apply Online" and follow the prompts to complete the Occupational
Questionnaire and attach any additional documents that may be required.
You can update your application or documents anytime while the announcement is
open. Log into your USAJOBS account and click on "Application Status." Click on
the position title, and then select "Update Application" to continue.
NOTE: Verify that uploaded documents from USAJOBs transfer into the Agency's
staffing system. Once in the Agency's staffing system you will have the
opportunity to upload additional documents. Uploaded documents must be less than
3MB and in one of the following document formats: GIF, JPG, JPEG, PNG, RTF, PDF,
or Word (DOC or DOCX).


REQUIRED DOCUMENTS:

A complete Application Package must be submitted and received prior to 11:59,
ET, on the closing date. The following documents are required for your
application package to be complete. Our office cannot be responsible for
incompatible software, illegible fax transmissions, delays in the mail service,
your system failure or downtime, etc. Failure to submit required, legible
documents may result in loss of consideration.

Resume that includes the following information: 1) personal information; 2)
education; 3) work experience including the work schedule and hours worked per
week as well as dates of employment; and title, series and grade if applicable;
4) supervisor's phone number and e-mail address for each work period listed and
whether or not we may contact them for reference checks; and, 5) other
qualifications.

Other required documents as applicable:

Current/Former Career/Career-Conditional: Most recent non-award Notification of
Personnel Action (SF-50 or equivalent) showing that you are/were in the
competitive service, highest grade (or promotion potential) held on a permanent
basis, federal status, position title, series and grade AND most recently
completed performance appraisal (dated within 18 months) showing the official
rating of record, signed by the supervisor, or a statement as to why the
performance appraisal is unavailable. Do not submit a performance plan.
    Veteran Hiring Authorities: (VEOA, VRA, and 30% Disabled Veterans): DD-214
(Member 4 Copy). Disabled veterans must include your VA letter & SF-15 if
claiming 10 pt. preference. Current active duty members must submit a
certification that they are expected to be discharged or released from active
duty under honorable conditions not later than 120 days after the date the
certification is submitted.
    Schedule A, Persons with Disabilities: Schedule A letter from a physician,
local, state or federal rehabilitation office citing eligibility under 5 CFR
213.3102 (u).
    Certain Military Spouses under E.O. 13473: Verification of the marriage to
the service member (i.e., a marriage license or other legal documentation
verifying marriage), plus Permanent Change of Station: PCS orders issued within
the last 2 years, that: lists you as authorized to accompany the military member
to the new duty permanent station; the specific location; and the effective date
of the PCS OR Military disability of 100%: verification of the member's release
or discharge due to 100% disability (DD-214 and VA Letter) OR Death while
serving on active duty: 1) Verification of release or discharge due to death
(DD-214). 2) Verification of the member's death (DD-1300 and Death Certificate.
3) Statement certifying they are un-remarried widow or widower of the service
member.
    Foreign Service: Most recent Foreign Service Notification of Personnel
Action, showing that you were/are serving under an unlimited, career-type
appointment AND have completed at least 1 year of continuous service without a
break of a workday under one or more nontemporary Foreign Service appointments.

    CTAP/ICTAP: Certification of Expected Separation, Reduction-In-Force
Separation Notice, Notice of Proposed Removal, or appropriate OPM/Agency
certification; AND most recent performance evaluation; AND SF-50 demonstrating
your separation or the position from which you will be separated.
    Peace Corps/VISTA Volunteers: Documentation of no less than 24 months (Peace
Corps) or 1 year (VISTA) of continuous service and separated within 1 year of
completing the qualifying service.
    Peace Corps Staff: Documentation of no less than 36 months of continuous
service without a break in service of 3 days or more and separated within the 3
years of completing the qualifying service.
    Certain Family Members under E.O. 12721: Most recent non-award SF-50 and
performance appraisal.
    Interchange Agreement with Other Merit Systems: Documentation of eligibility
as listed in interchange agreement.
    Miscellaneous Authorities Not Regulated by the Office of Personnel
Management: (Postal Career Service Employees, Postal Service Commission
Employees, GAO, US Courts, etc.), Current Notification of Personnel Action (or
equivalent) that reflects your eligibility.
    Other Special Hiring Authorities: If you are claiming eligibility under a
Special Hiring Authority, you must submit supporting documents.

AGENCY CONTACT INFO:
Chris Tart
Phone: 202-692-0192
Fax: 202-692-0182
Email: prentice.tart@wdc.usda.gov
Agency Information:
Headquarters Personnel Services Branch
1400 Independence Avenue, SW
Washington, DC,
20250
USA
Fax: 202-692-0182
WHAT TO EXPECT NEXT:
If you set up your USAJOBS account to send automatic email notifications, you
will receive an email acknowledging: 1) the submission of your online
Occupational Questionnaire and resume was successful,  2) if you were referred
to the selecting official for consideration, and  3) if you were selected or not
selected. If you choose not to set up automatic email notifications, you must
check your USAJOBS account for the latest status of your application. Your
application may be reviewed to verify that you meet the qualifications and
eligibility requirements for the position prior to issuing lists to a selecting
official. If further evaluation or interviews are required, you will be
contacted. Normally, a final job offer to the selected candidate is made within
30-60 days after the issuance of the certificate.

For more information please visit: https://www.usajobs.gov

LOAD-DATE: August 20, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              132 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             August 18, 2014 Monday

Rural Business-Cooperative Service: Supervisory Management and Program Analyst
DC-2014-0065

LENGTH: 3010  words

DATELINE: Washington


The United States Office of Personnel Management has issued the following job
announcement:

Job Title:Supervisory Management and Program Analyst

Department:Department Of Agriculture

Agency:Rural Business-Cooperative Service

Job Announcement Number:DC-2014-0065
SALARY RANGE:
 $106,263.00 to $138,136.00 / Per Year
OPEN PERIOD:
 Monday, August 18, 2014 to Wednesday, August 27, 2014
SERIES & GRADE:
 GS-0343-14
POSITION INFORMATION:
 Full-Time - Permanent
PROMOTION POTENTIAL:
14
DUTY LOCATIONS:
 1 vacancy - Washington DC, DC View Map
WHO MAY APPLY:
 Current permanent Federal employees with competitive status, reinstatement
eligibles, persons with disabilities, VEOA eligibles, certain military spouses,
30% or more disabled veterans, former Peace Corps or VISTA volunteers,
CTAP/ICTAP eligibles, Farm Service Agency permanent county employees and those
eligible for other Special Hiring Authorities.
SECURITY CLEARANCE:
 Q - Sensitive
SUPERVISORY STATUS:
 Yes
JOB SUMMARY:

The U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA) Rural Development Agency serves rural
communities throughout the country by investing in their communities through
housing and utility infrastructure, by increasing economic opportunity, and by
improving the quality of life for all rural Americans.  Rural Development
provides over 40 loan and grant programs in the Rural Housing and Community
Facilities Services, Rural Business and Cooperative Services, and Rural
Utilities Service. Rural Development supports a positive work environment and
promotes diversity and inclusion for nearly 5,000 employees.

Rural Development is a dynamic organization recruiting for employees who possess
the energy, compassion, and commitment to serve those in rural communities and
will enjoy working in a fast paced and results driven organization.  Our
commitment is to expand economic opportunity and quality of life in all of rural
America by providing financial programs to support essential public facilities
and services such as water and sewer systems, housing, health clinics, emergency
service facilities and electric and telephone service.  Rural Development offers
a friendly and professional working environment and such excellent benefits as:
a generous salary, alternative work schedules, paid vacation and sick leave,
paid holidays, retirement and supplemental savings plan, a wide array of health,
dental, vision, and life insurance plans, flexible spending accounts, and
long-term care insurance.

This position is located in the Grants Division, Rural Business and Cooperative
Service (RBS).  You will be responsible for ensuring the efficient
administration of grant programs and related activities.

This announcement may be used to fill additional or subsequent vacancies that
are identified by the organization.

TRAVEL REQUIRED

25% or Greater
    Travel may be required

RELOCATION AUTHORIZED

No

KEY REQUIREMENTS

Selective Service Registration is required for males born after 12/31/1959.
    Completion of OGE 450 Form is required.
    Completion of one-year supervisory period may be required.
    You must be a citizen or US National.

DUTIES:
Back to top

Advise management officials of higher rank.
    Direct a program with significant resources.
    Perform supervisory responsibilities (e.g. approve leave and travel, within
grade increases, and recommend awards and bonuses).
    Collaborate with others with similar interests in promoting coordination
with and secure cooperation on programs of mutual concern.
    Oversee and monitor program progress to analyze and evaluate activities and
resolve unusual operating problems.
    Conduct field program planning meetings and training conferences.
    Direct the installation of new operating procedures and methods.
    Serve as the key advisor on grant processing/servicing matters.
    Plan, develop and direct the execution of broad programs for training
personnel responsible for administering the grant programs.
    Direct the development and preparation of a variety of program data and
reports.
    Provide technical assistance to field officials and personnel to promote
full, current understanding; proper interpretation and effective applications of
established operating policies and approved methods in the administration of the
grant programs.

QUALIFICATIONS REQUIRED:
Back to top

Applicants must meet all requirements by the closing date of the announcement,
including time-in-grade restrictions and specialized experience as defined
below.

Current Federal employees must have served 52 weeks at the lower grade (GS-13)
or equivalent grade band in the Federal service. The Time-in-Grade requirement
must be met by 11:59pm (Eastern Time) on the closing date of this announcement.

Qualifying experience for the GS-14 level includes one year of specialized
experience at least equivalent to the GS-13 level which is in or directly
related to the line of work of the position to be filled and which has equipped
the applicant with the particular knowledge, skills, and abilities to
successfully perform the duties of the position. Examples of specialized
experience include providing expert analysis and advice on complex grant
management and/or grant monitoring program issues, grant processing/servicing
matters; managing federal grant programs at the federal, state, or local level.

There is no education substitution for this grade level.

NOTE:  To be considered for this position, you must meet all qualification and
eligibility requirements for the GS-0343 series set forth in the Office of
Personnel Management (OPM) Qualification Standards by the closing date of the
announcement.  A copy is available at:
http://www.opm.gov/qualifications/index.asp .

o  If you are newly hired, the documentation you present for purposes of
completing the Department Homeland Security (DHS) Form I-9 on your entry-on-duty
date will be verified through the DHS "E-VERIFY" system. Federal law requires
the use of E-VERIFY to confirm the employment eligibility of all new hires.
Under this system, the new hire is required to resolve any identified
discrepancies as a condition of continued employment.
o  To be eligible for appointment to this position, the new hire must be cleared
to come on board once the results of the fingerprint check, review of the
OF-306, Declaration for Federal Employment, and the candidate's Electronic
Questionnaires for Investigations Processing (eQIP) entries have been reviewed
and determined to be satisfactory.  This position requires a favorable credit
check as part of the background investigation.
o  Selectee must be able to obtain and maintain a security clearance. If
selected you may be subject to a National Agency Check and Inquiry (NACI) and a
credit report inquiry.
HOW YOU WILL BE EVALUATED:

You will be evaluated based on your qualifications for this position as
evidenced by the education, experience, and training you described in your
application package, as well as the responses to the Occupational Questionnaire
to determine the degree to which you possess the knowledge, skills, abilities
and competencies listed below:
        Management Analysis
        Program Analysis
        Analytical and Evaluative
        Oral Communication
        Written Communication
        Supervision
    We will review your application, including the online Occupational
Questionnaire, to ensure you meet the job requirements and assess your ability
to perform this job. Before any certificate can be issued to the selecting
official, the resume and supporting documents are reviewed by an HR Specialist
to ensure that (a) minimum qualification requirements are met and (b) the resume
supports the answers provided to the job-specific questions. Your answers will
be verified against information provided in your online resume and application.
Be sure that your resume clearly supports your responses to all the questions
addressing experience and education relevant to this position.
    Applicants who meet the basic minimum qualification requirements and are
determined to be among the best qualified candidates will be referred to the
hiring manager for consideration. Non-Competitive candidates need to meet
minimum qualification requirements to be referred.

Note: If, after reviewing your resume and / or supporting documentation, a
determination is made that you have inflated your qualifications and or
experience, your score can / will be lowered to more accurately reflect the
submitted documentation. Please follow all instructions carefully. Errors or
omissions may affect your rating. Deliberate attempts to falsify information may
be grounds for not selecting you.

To view the application form, visit:
https://rbcs.usda.ntis.gov/cp/?event=jobs.previewApplication&jobid=e553b258-e449
-4044-ae27-a33b00a40eb4

BENEFITS:
Back to top

You can review our benefits at:
http://www.opm.gov/healthcare-insurance/healthcare/enrollment/new-federal-employ
ee-enrollment/


OTHER INFORMATION:
o  BACKGROUND INVESTIGATION AND FINGERPRINT CHECK:  Selection and retention in
this position is contingent on a successfully adjudicated FBI National Criminal
History Check (fingerprint check) and a background investigation.
o  Career Transition Assistance Plan(CTAP) or Interagency Career Transition
Assistance Plan (ICTAP):   If you are claiming CTAP/ICTAP eligibility, provide
proof of eligibility to include your most recent performance appraisal, SF-50,
and proof of eligibility such as a RIF separation notice or letter from OPM/your
agency.  CTAP/ICTAP eligibles will be considered well-qualified if achieving a
rating of 88 or above.  Information about CTAP/ICTAP eligibility is on OPM's
Career Transition Resources website at http://www.opm.gov/ctap/index.asp.
o  This position is eligible for telework and other flexible work arrangements.
Employee participation is at the discretion of the supervisor.
o  Persons with disabilities who require alternative means for communication of
program information (Braille, large print, audiotape, etc) should contact:
USDA's TARGET Center at 202-720-2600 (voice and TDD).
HOW TO APPLY:
Back to top

Please read the entire announcement and all the instructions before you begin.
The following instructions outline our application process.

You must complete this application process and submit all required documents
electronically by 11:59 p.m. Eastern Time (ET) on the closing date of this
announcement.
    We are available to assist you during business hours normally (8:00 a.m. -
4:00 p.m., Monday - Friday). Applying online is highly encouraged. If applying
online poses a hardship, please contact our office during business hours well
before the closing date for an alternate method. All hardship application
packages with supporting documents must be submitted no later than noon on the
closing date of the announcement in order to be entered into the system prior to
its closing.
    This agency provides reasonable accommodation to applicants with
disabilities on a case-by-case basis; contact us if you are requesting this.

Step 1: Create a USAJOBS account (if you do not have one) at www.usajobs.gov. It
is recommended that as part of your profile you set up automatic email
notification to be informed when the status of your application changes. If you
choose not to set up this automatic notification, then you will have to log into
your USAJOBS account to check on the status of your application.


Step 2: Create a resume with USAJOBS or upload a resume into your USAJOBS
account. Customize your resume to ensure it documents duties and accomplishments
you have gained that are directly related to this position in order to verify
that qualifications are met. Your resume must support your responses to the
online questionnaire (you may preview the online questionnaire by clicking on
the link at the end of the How You Will Be Evaluated section of the job
announcement).

Step 3: Click "Apply Online" and follow the prompts to complete the Occupational
Questionnaire and attach any additional documents that may be required.
You can update your application or documents anytime while the announcement is
open. Log into your USAJOBS account and click on "Application Status." Click on
the position title, and then select "Update Application" to continue.
NOTE: Verify that uploaded documents from USAJOBs transfer into the Agency's
staffing system. Once in the Agency's staffing system you will have the
opportunity to upload additional documents. Uploaded documents must be less than
3MB and in one of the following document formats: GIF, JPG, JPEG, PNG, RTF, PDF,
or Word (DOC or DOCX).


REQUIRED DOCUMENTS:

A complete Application Package must be submitted and received prior to 11:59,
ET, on the closing date. The following documents are required for your
application package to be complete. Our office cannot be responsible for
incompatible software, illegible fax transmissions, delays in the mail service,
your system failure or downtime, etc. Failure to submit required, legible
documents may result in loss of consideration.

Resume that includes the following information: 1) personal information; 2)
education; 3) work experience including the work schedule and hours worked per
week as well as dates of employment; and title, series and grade if applicable;
4) supervisor's phone number and e-mail address for each work period listed and
whether or not we may contact them for reference checks; and, 5) other
qualifications.

Other required documents as applicable:

Current/Former Career/Career-Conditional: Most recent non-award Notification of
Personnel Action (SF-50 or equivalent) showing that you are/were in the
competitive service, highest grade (or promotion potential) held on a permanent
basis, federal status, position title, series and grade AND most recently
completed performance appraisal (dated within 18 months) showing the official
rating of record, signed by the supervisor, or a statement as to why the
performance appraisal is unavailable. Do not submit a performance plan.
    Veteran Hiring Authorities: (VEOA, VRA, and 30% Disabled Veterans): DD-214
(Member 4 Copy). Disabled veterans must include your VA letter & SF-15 if
claiming 10 pt. preference. Current active duty members must submit a
certification that they are expected to be discharged or released from active
duty under honorable conditions not later than 120 days after the date the
certification is submitted.
    Schedule A, Persons with Disabilities: Schedule A letter from a physician,
local, state or federal rehabilitation office citing eligibility under 5 CFR
213.3102 (u).
    Certain Military Spouses under E.O. 13473: Verification of the marriage to
the service member (i.e., a marriage license or other legal documentation
verifying marriage), plus Permanent Change of Station: PCS orders issued within
the last 2 years, that: lists you as authorized to accompany the military member
to the new duty permanent station; the specific location; and the effective date
of the PCS OR Military disability of 100%: verification of the member's release
or discharge due to 100% disability (DD-214 and VA Letter) OR Death while
serving on active duty: 1) Verification of release or discharge due to death
(DD-214). 2) Verification of the member's death (DD-1300 and Death Certificate.
3) Statement certifying they are un-remarried widow or widower of the service
member.
    Foreign Service: Most recent Foreign Service Notification of Personnel
Action, showing that you were/are serving under an unlimited, career-type
appointment AND have completed at least 1 year of continuous service without a
break of a workday under one or more nontemporary Foreign Service appointments.

    CTAP/ICTAP: Certification of Expected Separation, Reduction-In-Force
Separation Notice, Notice of Proposed Removal, or appropriate OPM/Agency
certification; AND most recent performance evaluation; AND SF-50 demonstrating
your separation or the position from which you will be separated.
    Peace Corps/VISTA Volunteers: Documentation of no less than 24 months (Peace
Corps) or 1 year (VISTA) of continuous service and separated within 1 year of
completing the qualifying service.
    Peace Corps Staff: Documentation of no less than 36 months of continuous
service without a break in service of 3 days or more and separated within the 3
years of completing the qualifying service.
    Certain Family Members under E.O. 12721: Most recent non-award SF-50 and
performance appraisal.
    Interchange Agreement with Other Merit Systems: Documentation of eligibility
as listed in interchange agreement.
    Miscellaneous Authorities Not Regulated by the Office of Personnel
Management: (Postal Career Service Employees, Postal Service Commission
Employees, GAO, US Courts, etc.), Current Notification of Personnel Action (or
equivalent) that reflects your eligibility.
    Other Special Hiring Authorities: If you are claiming eligibility under a
Special Hiring Authority, you must submit supporting documents.

AGENCY CONTACT INFO:
Chris Tart
Phone: 202-692-0192
Fax: 202-692-0182
Email: prentice.tart@wdc.usda.gov
Agency Information:
Headquarters Personnel Services Branch
1400 Independence Avenue, SW
Washington, DC,
20250
USA
Fax: 202-692-0182
WHAT TO EXPECT NEXT:
If you set up your USAJOBS account to send automatic email notifications, you
will receive an email acknowledging: 1) the submission of your online
Occupational Questionnaire and resume was successful,  2) if you were referred
to the selecting official for consideration, and  3) if you were selected or not
selected. If you choose not to set up automatic email notifications, you must
check your USAJOBS account for the latest status of your application. Your
application may be reviewed to verify that you meet the qualifications and
eligibility requirements for the position prior to issuing lists to a selecting
official. If further evaluation or interviews are required, you will be
contacted. Normally, a final job offer to the selected candidate is made within
30-60 days after the issuance of the certificate.

For more information please visit: https://www.usajobs.gov

LOAD-DATE: August 19, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              133 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                             The Guardian (London)

                                January 25, 1988

New bank loans to create jobs in rural areas: Signpost

LENGTH: 786 words


A new loan and advice service aimed at creating jobs in country locations has
been launched by the Co-operative Bank and the Council for Small Industries in
Rural Areas.

Businesses apply for loans will be assessed initially by CoSIRA before being
passed on to the bank. This enables the bank to offer loans at a preferential
rate of 2.5 per cent over base rate to companies with 20 or fewer skilled
workers in areas with populations of under 10,000.


COSIRA will also help in monitoring successful applicants after the loan has
been granted. Loans can be from Pounds 2,000 upwards and for a period of up to
20 years. The loans can be used for a wide range of purposes, including new
buildings constructions, extentions, plant replacement and providing additional
plant and machinery as well as for working capital.

The bank will also offer all participants in the scheme commission-free banking
for 12 months.

David Davenport, chairman of CoSIRA and vice-chairman of its parent, the
Development Commission, says previous arrangements between CoSIRA and other
banks - some of which have been more fruitful than others - had led to Pounds 7
million being lent, a further Pounds 9 million of investment being generated,
and the creation of 1,500 jobs.

The correct address of the Scottish Co-operatives Development Committee is
Templeton Business Centre, Templeton Street, Bridgeton, Glasgow G40 1DA,
telephone (041)554-3797, and not as stated in the recent article on this page on
sources of finance for worker co-operatives.

Rural unemployment will in the main be solved off the farm and not on it, says
the Development Commission for Rural England. It was making a formal response to
the report of the Countryside Policy Review Panel which examined the effect
changes in agricultural policy could have on land use in rural areas.

The commission's chairman, Lord Vinson, says that while the commission agreed
with the panel that alternative land use and farm diversification, including
forestry and tourism, were growth areas for rural employment, the commission
believed it was rural enterprise in the shape of the small business which would
provide the foundation for rural prosperity in the future.

The commission believed some of the savings on farm support subsidies must be
pumped back into rural communities to broaden their economic base. The
commission assists some 27,000 small rural businesses employing 113,000 people
in England, and itself helps to create 5,000 job opportunities a year.

The Brixton Enterprise Centre in London is marking its third birthday with the
announcement of expansion through the conversion of a further 7,500 square feet
into 32 units for small firms at a cost of Pounds 130,000.

The Bon Marche building where the centre is located houses 72 workshops, 60
offices and 20 retail units.

The centre is an employment creation initiative between BAT Industries and the
London borough of Lambeth.

Mid Wales Development has welcomed the government proposed new regional policy,
even though regional development grants for the South Ceredigion area will be
lost. The new grant scheme for small firms with fewer than 25 employees will,
however, cover most firms in the area.

The board's chairman, Leslie Morgan, says the loss of automatic grants to
development areas outside Mid Wales may have the effect of increasing its
relative competitiveness.

Mid Wales Development will continue to operate its own development grants, which
in the current financial year has been made available to 30 projects involving
grants of Pounds 1 million.

The Wiltshire office of the Council for Small Industries in Rural Areas and the
Skills Training Agency are offering a range of one and two-day courses to help
expanding small businesses.

Called 'Managing to Succeed', the courses focus on particular problems faced by
the expanding business, such as borrowing from the right source on the right
terms, finding suitable premises, and employing people for the first time. For
further details telephone Cindy Winn, CoSIRA, 0722-336255, or Fiona Davies on
Bristol 656946.

The 1988 Gallacher business challenge for small businesses in Norther Ireland is
offering two new awards worth Pounds 6,000, in addition to the Pounds 10,000 top
prize, and the employee limit has been raised to 75 from 50.

These are an award of Pounds 3,500 for a young business with outstanding
prospects and a community award of Pounds 2,500 for a firm making an outstanding
contribution to its local community.

Further details can be obtained from the Co-ordinator, Gallaher Buiness
Challenge, Freepost, PO Box 9, Newtownabbey BT37 9BR, telephone 0232-866675.

LOAD-DATE: June 8, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1988 Guardian Newspapers Limited


                              134 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                         Telegraph Herald (Dubuque, IA)

                              July 14, 2002 Sunday

Farmers urged to apply for value-added project grants; Funds: Several programs
are available to help market products

BYLINE: mailto:jeverly@wcinet.comJOHN EVERLY

SECTION: Pg. a17

LENGTH: 606 words

DATELINE: MAQUOKETA, Iowa


The U.S. Department of Agriculture is investing in new ideas.

The federal farm bill, passed this year by Congress, authorizes $$ @40 million
annually for the Value-Added Agricultural Product Market Development Grants
program. Value-added products return more revenue to farmers than bulk
commodities do, such as, using corn for ethanol production or growing organic
vegetables.

"The primary objective of this grant is to help eligible producers to market
their products," said Tom Miller, with the agriculture department's Rural
Development office in Maquoketa.

Independent farmers, farmer cooperatives, and agriculture producer groups are
eligible. Businesses where farmers own majority control also are eligible.

"It's really wide open. The eligibility criteria have been expanded," Miller
said.

Grant funds may be used for planning a value-added agricultural enterprise, or
for working capital. The grant dollars must be matched by the applicants.

There also is a plethora of other governmental, quasi-governmental, and
privately funded grant and loan programs to help entrepreneurs.
Rural-development officials outlined some of the tools available at an
informational meeting Thursday in Maquoketa. About 40 people from around eastern
Iowa attended.

"We are there to help you," said Cali Beals, with the Iowa Department of
Economic Development. Beals said some business people at the meeting may be
eligible for the state's Value-Added Agricultural Products and Processes
Financial Assistance Program. The program has invested $$ @5.5 million in 34
value-added projects since 1994, she said.

Value-added projects also could be eligible for assistance from rural electric
cooperatives. Patty Manual, with the Maquoketa Valley Rural Electric Cooperative
, said the cooperative's Rural Economic Development Loan Program can provide
some "gap finances."

Another resource for value-added agricultural enterprises is the Iowa Farm
Bureau Federation, said Dennis Harding, the Farm Bureau's Commodity Services
Coordinator.

The Farm Bureau offers a technical assistance grant that can be used in a
variety of ways, Harding said.

"It's a very flexible grant program," Harding said. He also urged agricultural
entrepreneurs to network with local economic-development agencies.

"I think you'll be pleasantly surprised on how much information is out there and
how much support is out there," Harding said.

That includes county farm bureau organizations, said Tim Neiss, regional manager
for five eastern Iowa Farm Bureaus.

"Don't overlook what the county farm bureaus can do for you," he said.

The various state and local grant programs can be used in conjunction with the
federal program as part of a total assistance package for new businesses, Miller
said.

The federal program is a competitive grant. Projects submitted for consideration
are scored and compete with other proposals from across the United States.
Miller is optimistic Iowa's value-added projects will be competitive.

"We've got a lot of things funded in Iowa from this program," he said. Last
year, Iowa projects received $$ @9 million of the $$ @25 million available.

The deadline to submit applications is Aug. 8. Miller said he looks for the
program to be popular in Iowa.

"I'm expecting to be real busy," he said.

<br>

<br>

News You Can Use

More information on the Value-Added Agricultural Product Market Development
Grants Program is available on the web at:

Value-Added Agricultural Product Market Development Grant Program, on the web
at:

www.rurdev.usda.gov/rbs/coops/vadg.htm


LOAD-DATE: July 18, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: mug: Tom Miller

                  Copyright 2002 Woodward Communications, Inc.


                              135 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             May 21, 2014 Wednesday

Utah: Delta Health Care Services Grant Program

LENGTH: 319  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Sponsor  USDA Rural Business-Cooperative Service
Deadlines  Jun 13, 2014
Contact

Natalie Melton
Phone: 202.690.1374
Email: rd.deltahealth@wdc.usda.gov
Purpose

The Delta Health Care Services Grant Program is designed to provide financial
assistance to address the continued unmet health needs in the Delta Region
through cooperation among health care professionals, institutions of higher
education, research institutions, and other individuals and entities in the
Delta Region.

Grant funds may be used to finance any of the following:

Development of a health care cooperative
    Development of health care services
    Development of health education programs
    Development of health care training programs
    Development and expansion of public health-related facilities in the Delta
Region to address longstanding and unmet health needs of the region

Eligibility

Eligible states are:

Alabama
    Arkansas
    Illinois
    Kentucky
    Louisiana
    Mississippi
    Missouri
    Tennessee

Applicants must be a consortium of regional institutions of higher education,
academic health and research institutes, health care cooperatives, and economic
development entities located in the Delta region that have experience in
addressing the health care issues in the region.
Geographic
coverage  Alabama, Arkansas, Illinois, Kentucky, Louisiana, Mississippi,
Missouri, Tennessee
Amount of
funding

Total Funding Available: $5,775,327
Award Ceiling: $1,000,000
Award Floor: $50,000
Application
process

Links to the electronic application and program guidance are available through
grants.gov.
Tagged as  Capital funding, Health services, Job training and adult education,
Public health, Workforce, Alabama, Arkansas, Illinois, Kentucky, Louisiana,
Mississippi, Missouri, Tennessee

For further information please visit: http://www.raconline.org/

LOAD-DATE: May 22, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              136 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                              May 19, 2014 Monday

Utah: Delta Health Care Services Grant Program

LENGTH: 319  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Sponsor  USDA Rural Business-Cooperative Service
Deadlines  Jun 13, 2014
Contact

Natalie Melton
Phone: 202.690.1374
Email: rd.deltahealth@wdc.usda.gov
Purpose

The Delta Health Care Services Grant Program is designed to provide financial
assistance to address the continued unmet health needs in the Delta Region
through cooperation among health care professionals, institutions of higher
education, research institutions, and other individuals and entities in the
Delta Region.

Grant funds may be used to finance any of the following:

Development of a health care cooperative
    Development of health care services
    Development of health education programs
    Development of health care training programs
    Development and expansion of public health-related facilities in the Delta
Region to address longstanding and unmet health needs of the region

Eligibility

Eligible states are:

Alabama
    Arkansas
    Illinois
    Kentucky
    Louisiana
    Mississippi
    Missouri
    Tennessee

Applicants must be a consortium of regional institutions of higher education,
academic health and research institutes, health care cooperatives, and economic
development entities located in the Delta region that have experience in
addressing the health care issues in the region.
Geographic
coverage  Alabama, Arkansas, Illinois, Kentucky, Louisiana, Mississippi,
Missouri, Tennessee
Amount of
funding

Total Funding Available: $5,775,327
Award Ceiling: $1,000,000
Award Floor: $50,000
Application
process

Links to the electronic application and program guidance are available through
grants.gov.
Tagged as  Capital funding, Health services, Job training and adult education,
Public health, Workforce, Alabama, Arkansas, Illinois, Kentucky, Louisiana,
Mississippi, Missouri, Tennessee

For further information please visit: http://www.raconline.org/

LOAD-DATE: May 19, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              137 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             May 15, 2014 Thursday

Utah: Delta Health Care Services Grant Program

LENGTH: 319  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Sponsor  USDA Rural Business-Cooperative Service
Deadlines  Jun 13, 2014
Contact

Natalie Melton
Phone: 202.690.1374
Email: rd.deltahealth@wdc.usda.gov
Purpose

The Delta Health Care Services Grant Program is designed to provide financial
assistance to address the continued unmet health needs in the Delta Region
through cooperation among health care professionals, institutions of higher
education, research institutions, and other individuals and entities in the
Delta Region.

Grant funds may be used to finance any of the following:

Development of a health care cooperative
    Development of health care services
    Development of health education programs
    Development of health care training programs
    Development and expansion of public health-related facilities in the Delta
Region to address longstanding and unmet health needs of the region

Eligibility

Eligible states are:

Alabama
    Arkansas
    Illinois
    Kentucky
    Louisiana
    Mississippi
    Missouri
    Tennessee

Applicants must be a consortium of regional institutions of higher education,
academic health and research institutes, health care cooperatives, and economic
development entities located in the Delta region that have experience in
addressing the health care issues in the region.
Geographic
coverage  Alabama, Arkansas, Illinois, Kentucky, Louisiana, Mississippi,
Missouri, Tennessee
Amount of
funding

Total Funding Available: $5,775,327
Award Ceiling: $1,000,000
Award Floor: $50,000
Application
process

Links to the electronic application and program guidance are available through
grants.gov.
Tagged as  Capital funding, Health services, Job training and adult education,
Public health, Workforce, Alabama, Arkansas, Illinois, Kentucky, Louisiana,
Mississippi, Missouri, Tennessee

For further information please visit: http://www.raconline.org/

LOAD-DATE: May 17, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              138 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                              May 13, 2014 Tuesday

Utah: Delta Health Care Services Grant Program

LENGTH: 319  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Sponsor  USDA Rural Business-Cooperative Service
Deadlines  Jun 13, 2014
Contact

Natalie Melton
Phone: 202.690.1374
Email: rd.deltahealth@wdc.usda.gov
Purpose

The Delta Health Care Services Grant Program is designed to provide financial
assistance to address the continued unmet health needs in the Delta Region
through cooperation among health care professionals, institutions of higher
education, research institutions, and other individuals and entities in the
Delta Region.

Grant funds may be used to finance any of the following:

Development of a health care cooperative
    Development of health care services
    Development of health education programs
    Development of health care training programs
    Development and expansion of public health-related facilities in the Delta
Region to address longstanding and unmet health needs of the region

Eligibility

Eligible states are:

Alabama
    Arkansas
    Illinois
    Kentucky
    Louisiana
    Mississippi
    Missouri
    Tennessee

Applicants must be a consortium of regional institutions of higher education,
academic health and research institutes, health care cooperatives, and economic
development entities located in the Delta region that have experience in
addressing the health care issues in the region.
Geographic
coverage  Alabama, Arkansas, Illinois, Kentucky, Louisiana, Mississippi,
Missouri, Tennessee
Amount of
funding

Total Funding Available: $5,775,327
Award Ceiling: $1,000,000
Award Floor: $50,000
Application
process

Links to the electronic application and program guidance are available through
grants.gov.
Tagged as  Capital funding, Health services, Job training and adult education,
Public health, Workforce, Alabama, Arkansas, Illinois, Kentucky, Louisiana,
Mississippi, Missouri, Tennessee

For further information please visit: http://www.raconline.org/

LOAD-DATE: May 14, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              139 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                              May 8, 2014 Thursday

Utah: Delta Health Care Services Grant Program

LENGTH: 319  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Sponsor  USDA Rural Business-Cooperative Service
Deadlines  Jun 13, 2014
Contact

Natalie Melton
Phone: 202.690.1374
Email: rd.deltahealth@wdc.usda.gov
Purpose

The Delta Health Care Services Grant Program is designed to provide financial
assistance to address the continued unmet health needs in the Delta Region
through cooperation among health care professionals, institutions of higher
education, research institutions, and other individuals and entities in the
Delta Region.

Grant funds may be used to finance any of the following:

Development of a health care cooperative
    Development of health care services
    Development of health education programs
    Development of health care training programs
    Development and expansion of public health-related facilities in the Delta
Region to address longstanding and unmet health needs of the region

Eligibility

Eligible states are:

Alabama
    Arkansas
    Illinois
    Kentucky
    Louisiana
    Mississippi
    Missouri
    Tennessee

Applicants must be a consortium of regional institutions of higher education,
academic health and research institutes, health care cooperatives, and economic
development entities located in the Delta region that have experience in
addressing the health care issues in the region.
Geographic
coverage  Alabama, Arkansas, Illinois, Kentucky, Louisiana, Mississippi,
Missouri, Tennessee
Amount of
funding

Total Funding Available: $5,775,327
Award Ceiling: $1,000,000
Award Floor: $50,000
Application
process

Links to the electronic application and program guidance are available through
grants.gov.
Tagged as  Capital funding, Health services, Job training and adult education,
Public health, Workforce, Alabama, Arkansas, Illinois, Kentucky, Louisiana,
Mississippi, Missouri, Tennessee

For further information please visit: http://www.raconline.org/

LOAD-DATE: May 9, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              140 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                              May 6, 2014 Tuesday

Utah: Delta Health Care Services Grant Program

LENGTH: 319  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Sponsor  USDA Rural Business-Cooperative Service
Deadlines  Jun 13, 2014
Contact

Natalie Melton
Phone: 202.690.1374
Email: rd.deltahealth@wdc.usda.gov
Purpose

The Delta Health Care Services Grant Program is designed to provide financial
assistance to address the continued unmet health needs in the Delta Region
through cooperation among health care professionals, institutions of higher
education, research institutions, and other individuals and entities in the
Delta Region.

Grant funds may be used to finance any of the following:

Development of a health care cooperative
    Development of health care services
    Development of health education programs
    Development of health care training programs
    Development and expansion of public health-related facilities in the Delta
Region to address longstanding and unmet health needs of the region

Eligibility

Eligible states are:

Alabama
    Arkansas
    Illinois
    Kentucky
    Louisiana
    Mississippi
    Missouri
    Tennessee

Applicants must be a consortium of regional institutions of higher education,
academic health and research institutes, health care cooperatives, and economic
development entities located in the Delta region that have experience in
addressing the health care issues in the region.
Geographic
coverage  Alabama, Arkansas, Illinois, Kentucky, Louisiana, Mississippi,
Missouri, Tennessee
Amount of
funding

Total Funding Available: $5,775,327
Award Ceiling: $1,000,000
Award Floor: $50,000
Application
process

Links to the electronic application and program guidance are available through
grants.gov.
Tagged as  Capital funding, Health services, Job training and adult education,
Public health, Workforce, Alabama, Arkansas, Illinois, Kentucky, Louisiana,
Mississippi, Missouri, Tennessee

For further information please visit: http://www.raconline.org/

LOAD-DATE: May 7, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              141 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             June 25, 2016 Saturday

Agency Information Collection Activities; Proposals, Submissions, and Approvals

LENGTH: 895  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington, DC:  This Notice document was issued by the Rural Housing Service
(RHS)



  Action



 Proposed collection; Comments requested.

 Summary



 In accordance with the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995, this notice announces
the intention of the above-named Agencies to request an extension for a
currently approved information collection in support of debt settlement of
Community Facilities and Direct Business Program Loans and Grants.



 Dates



 Comments on this notice must be received by August 23, 2016 to be assured of
consideration.

 For Further Information Contact



 For inquiries on the Information Collection Package, contact Anita Outen,
Community Programs Specialist, Community Programs, RHS, USDA, 1400 Independence
Ave. SW., Mail Stop 0787, Washington, DC 20250-0787, Telephone (202) 720-1497,
Email anita.outen@wdc.usda.gov

 Supplementary Information



 Title: 7 CFR part 1956, subpart C --"Debt Settlement--Community and Business
Programs."



 OMB Number: 0575-0124.



 Expiration Date of Approval: November 30, 2016.



 Type of Request: Extension of a currently approved information collection.



 Abstract: The following Community and Direct Business Programs loans and grants
are debt settled by this currently approved docket (0575-0124). The Community
Facilities loan and grant program is authorized by Section 306 of the
Consolidated Farm and Rural Development Act (7 U.S.C. 1926) to make loans to
public entities, nonprofit corporations, and Indian tribes through the Community
Facilities program for the development of essential community facilities
primarily serving rural residents.



 The Economic Opportunity Act of 1964, Title 3 (Pub. L. 88-452), authorizes
Economic Opportunity Cooperative loans to assist incorporated and unincorporated
associations to provide low-income rural families essential processing,
purchasing, or marketing services, supplies, or facilities.



 The Food Security Act of 1985, Section 1323 (Pub. L. 99-198), authorizes loan
guarantees and grants to Nonprofit National Corporations to provide technical
and financial assistance to for-profit or nonprofit local businesses in rural
areas.



 The Business and Industry program is authorized by Section 310 B (7 U.S.C.
1932) (Pub. L. 92.419, August 30, 1972) of the Consolidated Farm and Rural
Development Act to improve, develop, or finance business, industry, and
employment and improve the economic and environmental climate in rural
communities, including pollution abatement control.



 The Consolidated Farm and Rural Development Act, Section 310 B(c) (7 U.S.C.
1932(c)), authorizes Rural Business Enterprise Grants to public bodies and
nonprofit corporations to facilitate the development of private businesses in
rural areas.



 The Consolidated Farm and Rural Development Act, Section 310 B(f)(i)(7 U.S.C.
1932(c)), authorized Rural Cooperative Development Grants to nonprofit
institutions for the purpose of enabling such institutions to establish and
operate centers for rural cooperative development.



 The purpose of the debt settlement function for the above programs is to
provide the delinquent client with an equitable tool for the compromise,
adjustment, cancellation, or charge-off of a debt owned to the Agency.



 The information collected is similar to that required by a commercial lender in
similar circumstances.



 Information will be collected by the field offices from applicants, borrowers,
consultants, lenders, and attorneys.



 Failure to collect information could result in improper servicing of these
loans.



 Estimate of Burden: Public reporting burden for this collection of information
is estimated to average 5.3 hours per response.



 Respondents: Public bodies and nonprofit organizations.



 Estimated Number of Respondents: 35.



 Estimated Number of Responses per Respondent: 5.5.



 Estimated Number of Responses: 193.



 Estimated Total Annual Burden on Respondents: 1,041 hours.



 Copies of this information collection can be obtained from Jeanne Jacobs,
Regulations and Paperwork Management Branch, (202) 692-0040.

 Comments



 Comments are invited on: (a) Whether the proposed collection of information is
necessary for the proper performance of the functions of the Agency, including
whether the information will have practical utility; (b) the accuracy of the
Agency's estimate of the burden of the proposed collection of information,
including the validity of the methodology and assumptions used; (c) ways to
enhance the quality, utility, and clarity of the information to be collected;
and (d) ways to minimize the burden of the collection of information on those
who are to respond, including through the use of appropriate automated,
electronic, mechanical, or other technological collection techniques or other
forms of information technology. Comments may be sent to Jeanne Jacobs,
Regulations and Paperwork Management Branch, U.S. Department of Agriculture,
Rural Development, STOP 0742, 1400 Independence Ave. SW., Washington, DC 20250.
All responses to this notice will be summarized and included in the request for
OMB approval. All comments will also become a matter of public record.

 Dated: June 14 2016.

 Tony Hernandez,

 Administrator, Rural Housing Service.

 [FR Doc. 2016-14994 Filed 6-23-16; 8:45 am]

 BILLING CODE 3410-XV-P



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: June 25, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              142 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                              The Bismarck Tribune

                             October 1, 2007 Monday

Escape earns S.D. inmate 5 months

SECTION: DAKOTA WIRE; Pg. 1B

LENGTH: 520 words


PIERRE, S.D. (AP) - The Value-Added Agriculture Development Center will receive
a $200,000 rural cooperative development initiative grant from the U.S.
Department of Agriculture.

Grant funds will be used to help strengthen the rural economy and help farmers,
ranchers and rural business owners establish and market cooperatives.

"We have some pretty diverse projects right now," said Cheri Rath, executive
director of VAADC. "There's a special grain project, renewable energy, which is
receiving some more attention right now - just a wide variety. We're kind of
going away from the traditional perception that South Dakota is just corn and
beef. We're getting into some other areas."

The South Dakota Value-Added Agriculture Development Center works to create
producer-owned, value-added agriculture by offering technical and staff support
and by educating producers, lenders and the public on value-added ideas.

The grant money will be available in calendar year 2008.

CUSTER, S.D. (AP) - The U.S. Forest Service has begun a long-term project to
thin small ponderosa pine trees along the Peter Norbeck Scenic Byway.

Carl Sumpter, acting Hell Canyon District ranger, said the effort is aimed at
improving wildlife habitat and improving the view for motorists. Removing excess
pines will enhance hardwood stands in the forest, he said.

Those traveling on the Iron Mountain Highway (16A) should watch for large
equipment and crews doing the initial work, Sumpter said.

The Norbeck Scenic Byway is 68 miles long, looping through the Black Hills and
passing such sites as Mount Rushmore National Memorial, Cathedral Spires, Sylvan
Lake, Needle's Eye, Crazy Horse Monument, Custer State Park and Harney Peak.

VERMILLION, S.D. (AP) - The chief economist at the Federal Reserve Bank of
Dallas, W. Michael Cox, will speak at the University of South Dakota on
Thursday, the school said in a release.

Cox's program is entitled "The Myths of Rich and Poor: Why We're Better Off Than
We Think."

It is presented by the W.O. Farber Center for Civic Leadership and the USD
Political Science League.

Cox, an economics professor with more than three decades of teaching experience,
advises the president of the Federal Reserve Bank of Dallas on monetary policy
and economic issues.

SIOUX FALLS, S.D. (AP) - A volunteer firefighter from Elkton is among 87 people
who will be honored at the 26th National Fallen Firefighters Memorial Service in
Maryland next month.

Thomas "Emmett" Kuehl, 38, died April 11, 2006, of injuries he suffered at a
fire.

Firefighters from 33 states will be remembered at the national service set for
Oct. 7 at the National Fire Academy in Emmitsburg, Md.

SIOUX FALLS, S.D. (AP) - An inmate who took off from the Yankton Federal Prison
Camp in April has been sentenced to another five months in prison for escape.

Samuel Murphy, 33, of St. Paul, Minn., later surrendered to authorities in Elk
River, Minn.

He was serving 14 years at the Yankton prison for drug distribution in
Minnesota. He could have received up to another five years for escape.

Murphy will serve the added time after finishing his term for the drug
conviction.

LOAD-DATE: October 2, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


       Copyright 2007 The Bismarck Tribune, a division of Lee Enterprises
                              All Rights Reserved


                              143 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          September 28, 2016 Wednesday

FEDERAL REGISTER: Methodology and Formulas for Allocation of Loan and Grant
Program Funds; Correction Pages 66500 - 66500 [FR DOC # 2016-23228]

LENGTH: 577  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: Office of the Federal Register has issued the following notice:



 DEPARTMENT OF AGRICULTURE Rural Housing Service Rural Business-Cooperative
Service Rural Utilities Service Farm Service Agency 7 CFR Part 1940 RIN
0570-AA30 Methodology and Formulas for Allocation of Loan and Grant Program
Funds; Correction AGENCY: Rural Housing Sevice, Rural Business-Cooperative
Service, Rural Utilities Service, and Farm Service Agency, USDA. ACTION:
Correcting amendment.
----------------------------------------------------------------------- SUMMARY:
This document contains a correction to 7 CFR part 1940, subpart L, ``Methodology
and Formulas for Allocation of Loan and Grant Program Funds'' to provide
reference to the Rural Business Development Program, which replaced the Rural
Business Enterprise Grant program and the Rural Business Opportunity Grant
program. DATES: Effective on September 28, 2016. FOR FURTHER INFORMATION
CONTACT: Kristi Kubista-Hovis, Rural Development, Business Programs, U.S.
Department of Agriculture, 1400 Independence Avenue SW., STOP 3226, Washington,
DC 20250-3225; telephone (202) 720-0424; email
kristi.kubista-hovis@wdc.usda/gov.

SUPPLEMENTARY INFORMATION: Background The Agricultural Act of 2014 (2014 Farm
Bill) directed the Agency to combine the Rural Business Enterprise Grant (RBEG)
program and the Rural Business Opportunity Grant (RBOG) program into a single
new program entitled the Rural Business Development Grant (RBDG) program. The
Agency issued an interim rule with request for comment on March 25, 2015 (80 FR
15665) establishing the RBDG program and removing the applicable provisions
associated with the RBEG and RBOG programs. In the interim rule, the Agency
inadvertently did not update the title to 7 CFR 1940.588 to reflect the
replacement of the RBEG and RBOG programs with the new RBDG program. To correct
this oversight, the Agency is revising the title to 7 CFR 1940.588. This
correction has no substantive effect on how State allocations are made for the
RBDG program. Need for Correction As found in the Code of Federal Regulations,
the title to 7 CFR 1940.588 contains reference to two programs (i.e., RBEG and
RBOG) that no longer exist as stand-alone programs and does not reference their
replacement program (i.e., the RBDG program). This technical change is necessary
to claify how the Agency allocates funds for the RBDG program and to remove
reference to programs that no longer exist. List of Subjects in 7 CFR Part 1940
Administrative practice and procedure, Agriculture, Allocations, Grant
programs--Housing and community development, Loan programs-- Agriculture, Rural
areas. Accordingly, 7 CFR part 1940 is corrected by making the following
correcting amendment: PART 1940--GENERAL 0 1. The authority citation for part
1940 continues to read as follows: Authority: 5 U.S.C. 301; 7 U.S.C. 1989; 42
U.S.C. 1480. 0 2. Revise the heading for Sec. 1940.588 to read as follows: Sec.
1940.588 Business and Industry Guaranteed and Direct Loans, Rural Business
Development Grants, and Intermediary Relending Program. * * * * * Dated:
September 9, 2016. Lisa Mensah, Under Secretary, Rural Development. Dated:
September 16, 2016. Alexis M. Taylor, Deputy Under Secretary, Farm and Foreign
Agricultural Services. [FR Doc. 2016-23228 Filed 9-27-16; 8:45 am] BILLING CODE
3410-XY-P



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: November 21, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              144 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          September 28, 2016 Wednesday

FEDERAL REGISTER: Methodology and Formulas for Allocation of Loan and Grant
Program Funds; Correction Pages 66500 - 66500 [FR DOC # 2016-23228]

LENGTH: 577  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: Office of the Federal Register has issued the following notice:



 DEPARTMENT OF AGRICULTURE Rural Housing Service Rural Business-Cooperative
Service Rural Utilities Service Farm Service Agency 7 CFR Part 1940 RIN
0570-AA30 Methodology and Formulas for Allocation of Loan and Grant Program
Funds; Correction AGENCY: Rural Housing Sevice, Rural Business-Cooperative
Service, Rural Utilities Service, and Farm Service Agency, USDA. ACTION:
Correcting amendment.
----------------------------------------------------------------------- SUMMARY:
This document contains a correction to 7 CFR part 1940, subpart L, ``Methodology
and Formulas for Allocation of Loan and Grant Program Funds'' to provide
reference to the Rural Business Development Program, which replaced the Rural
Business Enterprise Grant program and the Rural Business Opportunity Grant
program. DATES: Effective on September 28, 2016. FOR FURTHER INFORMATION
CONTACT: Kristi Kubista-Hovis, Rural Development, Business Programs, U.S.
Department of Agriculture, 1400 Independence Avenue SW., STOP 3226, Washington,
DC 20250-3225; telephone (202) 720-0424; email
kristi.kubista-hovis@wdc.usda/gov.

SUPPLEMENTARY INFORMATION: Background The Agricultural Act of 2014 (2014 Farm
Bill) directed the Agency to combine the Rural Business Enterprise Grant (RBEG)
program and the Rural Business Opportunity Grant (RBOG) program into a single
new program entitled the Rural Business Development Grant (RBDG) program. The
Agency issued an interim rule with request for comment on March 25, 2015 (80 FR
15665) establishing the RBDG program and removing the applicable provisions
associated with the RBEG and RBOG programs. In the interim rule, the Agency
inadvertently did not update the title to 7 CFR 1940.588 to reflect the
replacement of the RBEG and RBOG programs with the new RBDG program. To correct
this oversight, the Agency is revising the title to 7 CFR 1940.588. This
correction has no substantive effect on how State allocations are made for the
RBDG program. Need for Correction As found in the Code of Federal Regulations,
the title to 7 CFR 1940.588 contains reference to two programs (i.e., RBEG and
RBOG) that no longer exist as stand-alone programs and does not reference their
replacement program (i.e., the RBDG program). This technical change is necessary
to claify how the Agency allocates funds for the RBDG program and to remove
reference to programs that no longer exist. List of Subjects in 7 CFR Part 1940
Administrative practice and procedure, Agriculture, Allocations, Grant
programs--Housing and community development, Loan programs-- Agriculture, Rural
areas. Accordingly, 7 CFR part 1940 is corrected by making the following
correcting amendment: PART 1940--GENERAL 0 1. The authority citation for part
1940 continues to read as follows: Authority: 5 U.S.C. 301; 7 U.S.C. 1989; 42
U.S.C. 1480. 0 2. Revise the heading for Sec. 1940.588 to read as follows: Sec.
1940.588 Business and Industry Guaranteed and Direct Loans, Rural Business
Development Grants, and Intermediary Relending Program. * * * * * Dated:
September 9, 2016. Lisa Mensah, Under Secretary, Rural Development. Dated:
September 16, 2016. Alexis M. Taylor, Deputy Under Secretary, Farm and Foreign
Agricultural Services. [FR Doc. 2016-23228 Filed 9-27-16; 8:45 am] BILLING CODE
3410-XY-P



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: November 21, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              145 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          September 28, 2016 Wednesday

FEDERAL REGISTER: Methodology and Formulas for Allocation of Loan and Grant
Program Funds; Correction Pages 66500 - 66500 [FR DOC # 2016-23228]

LENGTH: 577  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: Office of the Federal Register has issued the following notice:



 DEPARTMENT OF AGRICULTURE Rural Housing Service Rural Business-Cooperative
Service Rural Utilities Service Farm Service Agency 7 CFR Part 1940 RIN
0570-AA30 Methodology and Formulas for Allocation of Loan and Grant Program
Funds; Correction AGENCY: Rural Housing Sevice, Rural Business-Cooperative
Service, Rural Utilities Service, and Farm Service Agency, USDA. ACTION:
Correcting amendment.
----------------------------------------------------------------------- SUMMARY:
This document contains a correction to 7 CFR part 1940, subpart L, ``Methodology
and Formulas for Allocation of Loan and Grant Program Funds'' to provide
reference to the Rural Business Development Program, which replaced the Rural
Business Enterprise Grant program and the Rural Business Opportunity Grant
program. DATES: Effective on September 28, 2016. FOR FURTHER INFORMATION
CONTACT: Kristi Kubista-Hovis, Rural Development, Business Programs, U.S.
Department of Agriculture, 1400 Independence Avenue SW., STOP 3226, Washington,
DC 20250-3225; telephone (202) 720-0424; email
kristi.kubista-hovis@wdc.usda/gov.

SUPPLEMENTARY INFORMATION: Background The Agricultural Act of 2014 (2014 Farm
Bill) directed the Agency to combine the Rural Business Enterprise Grant (RBEG)
program and the Rural Business Opportunity Grant (RBOG) program into a single
new program entitled the Rural Business Development Grant (RBDG) program. The
Agency issued an interim rule with request for comment on March 25, 2015 (80 FR
15665) establishing the RBDG program and removing the applicable provisions
associated with the RBEG and RBOG programs. In the interim rule, the Agency
inadvertently did not update the title to 7 CFR 1940.588 to reflect the
replacement of the RBEG and RBOG programs with the new RBDG program. To correct
this oversight, the Agency is revising the title to 7 CFR 1940.588. This
correction has no substantive effect on how State allocations are made for the
RBDG program. Need for Correction As found in the Code of Federal Regulations,
the title to 7 CFR 1940.588 contains reference to two programs (i.e., RBEG and
RBOG) that no longer exist as stand-alone programs and does not reference their
replacement program (i.e., the RBDG program). This technical change is necessary
to claify how the Agency allocates funds for the RBDG program and to remove
reference to programs that no longer exist. List of Subjects in 7 CFR Part 1940
Administrative practice and procedure, Agriculture, Allocations, Grant
programs--Housing and community development, Loan programs-- Agriculture, Rural
areas. Accordingly, 7 CFR part 1940 is corrected by making the following
correcting amendment: PART 1940--GENERAL 0 1. The authority citation for part
1940 continues to read as follows: Authority: 5 U.S.C. 301; 7 U.S.C. 1989; 42
U.S.C. 1480. 0 2. Revise the heading for Sec. 1940.588 to read as follows: Sec.
1940.588 Business and Industry Guaranteed and Direct Loans, Rural Business
Development Grants, and Intermediary Relending Program. * * * * * Dated:
September 9, 2016. Lisa Mensah, Under Secretary, Rural Development. Dated:
September 16, 2016. Alexis M. Taylor, Deputy Under Secretary, Farm and Foreign
Agricultural Services. [FR Doc. 2016-23228 Filed 9-27-16; 8:45 am] BILLING CODE
3410-XY-P



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: September 29, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              146 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          September 28, 2016 Wednesday

FEDERAL REGISTER: Methodology and Formulas for Allocation of Loan and Grant
Program Funds; Correction Pages 66500 - 66500 [FR DOC # 2016-23228]

LENGTH: 577  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: Office of the Federal Register has issued the following notice:



 DEPARTMENT OF AGRICULTURE Rural Housing Service Rural Business-Cooperative
Service Rural Utilities Service Farm Service Agency 7 CFR Part 1940 RIN
0570-AA30 Methodology and Formulas for Allocation of Loan and Grant Program
Funds; Correction AGENCY: Rural Housing Sevice, Rural Business-Cooperative
Service, Rural Utilities Service, and Farm Service Agency, USDA. ACTION:
Correcting amendment.
----------------------------------------------------------------------- SUMMARY:
This document contains a correction to 7 CFR part 1940, subpart L, ``Methodology
and Formulas for Allocation of Loan and Grant Program Funds'' to provide
reference to the Rural Business Development Program, which replaced the Rural
Business Enterprise Grant program and the Rural Business Opportunity Grant
program. DATES: Effective on September 28, 2016. FOR FURTHER INFORMATION
CONTACT: Kristi Kubista-Hovis, Rural Development, Business Programs, U.S.
Department of Agriculture, 1400 Independence Avenue SW., STOP 3226, Washington,
DC 20250-3225; telephone (202) 720-0424; email
kristi.kubista-hovis@wdc.usda/gov.

SUPPLEMENTARY INFORMATION: Background The Agricultural Act of 2014 (2014 Farm
Bill) directed the Agency to combine the Rural Business Enterprise Grant (RBEG)
program and the Rural Business Opportunity Grant (RBOG) program into a single
new program entitled the Rural Business Development Grant (RBDG) program. The
Agency issued an interim rule with request for comment on March 25, 2015 (80 FR
15665) establishing the RBDG program and removing the applicable provisions
associated with the RBEG and RBOG programs. In the interim rule, the Agency
inadvertently did not update the title to 7 CFR 1940.588 to reflect the
replacement of the RBEG and RBOG programs with the new RBDG program. To correct
this oversight, the Agency is revising the title to 7 CFR 1940.588. This
correction has no substantive effect on how State allocations are made for the
RBDG program. Need for Correction As found in the Code of Federal Regulations,
the title to 7 CFR 1940.588 contains reference to two programs (i.e., RBEG and
RBOG) that no longer exist as stand-alone programs and does not reference their
replacement program (i.e., the RBDG program). This technical change is necessary
to claify how the Agency allocates funds for the RBDG program and to remove
reference to programs that no longer exist. List of Subjects in 7 CFR Part 1940
Administrative practice and procedure, Agriculture, Allocations, Grant
programs--Housing and community development, Loan programs-- Agriculture, Rural
areas. Accordingly, 7 CFR part 1940 is corrected by making the following
correcting amendment: PART 1940--GENERAL 0 1. The authority citation for part
1940 continues to read as follows: Authority: 5 U.S.C. 301; 7 U.S.C. 1989; 42
U.S.C. 1480. 0 2. Revise the heading for Sec. 1940.588 to read as follows: Sec.
1940.588 Business and Industry Guaranteed and Direct Loans, Rural Business
Development Grants, and Intermediary Relending Program. * * * * * Dated:
September 9, 2016. Lisa Mensah, Under Secretary, Rural Development. Dated:
September 16, 2016. Alexis M. Taylor, Deputy Under Secretary, Farm and Foreign
Agricultural Services. [FR Doc. 2016-23228 Filed 9-27-16; 8:45 am] BILLING CODE
3410-XY-P



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: September 29, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              147 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          September 28, 2016 Wednesday

FEDERAL REGISTER: Methodology and Formulas for Allocation of Loan and Grant
Program Funds; Correction Pages 66500 - 66500 [FR DOC # 2016-23228]

LENGTH: 577  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: Office of the Federal Register has issued the following notice:



 DEPARTMENT OF AGRICULTURE Rural Housing Service Rural Business-Cooperative
Service Rural Utilities Service Farm Service Agency 7 CFR Part 1940 RIN
0570-AA30 Methodology and Formulas for Allocation of Loan and Grant Program
Funds; Correction AGENCY: Rural Housing Sevice, Rural Business-Cooperative
Service, Rural Utilities Service, and Farm Service Agency, USDA. ACTION:
Correcting amendment.
----------------------------------------------------------------------- SUMMARY:
This document contains a correction to 7 CFR part 1940, subpart L, ``Methodology
and Formulas for Allocation of Loan and Grant Program Funds'' to provide
reference to the Rural Business Development Program, which replaced the Rural
Business Enterprise Grant program and the Rural Business Opportunity Grant
program. DATES: Effective on September 28, 2016. FOR FURTHER INFORMATION
CONTACT: Kristi Kubista-Hovis, Rural Development, Business Programs, U.S.
Department of Agriculture, 1400 Independence Avenue SW., STOP 3226, Washington,
DC 20250-3225; telephone (202) 720-0424; email
kristi.kubista-hovis@wdc.usda/gov.

SUPPLEMENTARY INFORMATION: Background The Agricultural Act of 2014 (2014 Farm
Bill) directed the Agency to combine the Rural Business Enterprise Grant (RBEG)
program and the Rural Business Opportunity Grant (RBOG) program into a single
new program entitled the Rural Business Development Grant (RBDG) program. The
Agency issued an interim rule with request for comment on March 25, 2015 (80 FR
15665) establishing the RBDG program and removing the applicable provisions
associated with the RBEG and RBOG programs. In the interim rule, the Agency
inadvertently did not update the title to 7 CFR 1940.588 to reflect the
replacement of the RBEG and RBOG programs with the new RBDG program. To correct
this oversight, the Agency is revising the title to 7 CFR 1940.588. This
correction has no substantive effect on how State allocations are made for the
RBDG program. Need for Correction As found in the Code of Federal Regulations,
the title to 7 CFR 1940.588 contains reference to two programs (i.e., RBEG and
RBOG) that no longer exist as stand-alone programs and does not reference their
replacement program (i.e., the RBDG program). This technical change is necessary
to claify how the Agency allocates funds for the RBDG program and to remove
reference to programs that no longer exist. List of Subjects in 7 CFR Part 1940
Administrative practice and procedure, Agriculture, Allocations, Grant
programs--Housing and community development, Loan programs-- Agriculture, Rural
areas. Accordingly, 7 CFR part 1940 is corrected by making the following
correcting amendment: PART 1940--GENERAL 0 1. The authority citation for part
1940 continues to read as follows: Authority: 5 U.S.C. 301; 7 U.S.C. 1989; 42
U.S.C. 1480. 0 2. Revise the heading for Sec. 1940.588 to read as follows: Sec.
1940.588 Business and Industry Guaranteed and Direct Loans, Rural Business
Development Grants, and Intermediary Relending Program. * * * * * Dated:
September 9, 2016. Lisa Mensah, Under Secretary, Rural Development. Dated:
September 16, 2016. Alexis M. Taylor, Deputy Under Secretary, Farm and Foreign
Agricultural Services. [FR Doc. 2016-23228 Filed 9-27-16; 8:45 am] BILLING CODE
3410-XY-P



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: September 29, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              148 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       Silver City Sun-News (New Mexico)

                          November 18, 2009 Wednesday

Few growers apply for USDA grants

BYLINE: Sun News Report

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 511 words


For the Headlight

ALBUQUERQUE - USDA Rural Development State Director Terry Brunner expressed
surprise today that only a few applications for the Value-Added Producer Grant
Program have been received from Ag producers in New Mexico. The program is
designed to provide grant funding to assist agricultural producers increase
their profits by adding value to their products.

"In tough economic times, I would have expected that more than a handful of
applications would have been submitted for this grant program," said Brunner. He
added, "This funding can really help farmers and ranchers find marketing
opportunities and produce profitable products from their crops or livestock.
More New Mexicans need to take advantage of this program."

The Value-Added Producer Grant Program can be used for planning activities such
as feasibility studies, marketing and business plans, or for working capital.

Some examples for which the money can be used include the following:

Developing a marketing study to determine the sales potential of making diced
tomatoes and chile into salsa;

Working capital, including salaries and utilities;

Creation of bio-materials (plastics, fiberboard);

On-farm renewable energy and biofuels (ethanol, bio-diesel). Recently, a grant
was awarded to a dairy cooperative in New Mexico to determine if dairy wastes
can be turned into methane gas.

Planning grants of up to $100,000 and working capital grants of up to $300,000
to successful applicants will be competitively awarded. Applicants are
encouraged to propose projects that use existing agricultural products in
non-traditional ways or that merge agricultural products with technology in
creative ways. Businesses of all sizes may apply, but priority will be given to
operators of small and medium-sized family farms - those with average, annual
gross sales of $700,000 or less.

Applicants must provide matching funds equal to the amount of the grant
requested. Ten percent of the available funding is reserved for beginning
farmers or ranchers and generally disadvantaged farmers or ranchers. An
additional 10 percent is reserved for projects involving local and regional
supply networks that link independent producers with businesses and cooperatives
that market value-added products.

"The deadline to apply for a Value Added Producer Grant is Monday, November 30,
2009, and is quickly approaching. Paper applications must be submitted to the
Rural Development State Office located at 6200 Jefferson, NE, Room 255, by the
close of business that day or electronically through the Grants.gov Web site at
www.grants.gov ," said, Brunner.

Those who want to apply for the funding can direct questions to the USDA Rural
Development State Office at (505) 761-4952.

For application requirements, consult both the funding notice at
www.rurdev.usda.gov/rbs/coops/vadg.htm and the regulations at
www.rurdev.usda.gov/regs/regs/pdf/4284j.pdf .

Further information on rural programs is available at a local USDA Rural
Development office or by visiting USDA Rural Development's web site at
www.rurdev.usda.gov/ .

LOAD-DATE: November 18, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


        Copyright 2009 Silver City Sun-News, a MediaNews Group Newspaper
                              All Rights Reserved


                              149 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                      Post-Bulletin (Rochester, Minnesota)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                          November 18, 2009 Wednesday

BRIEF: Southland gets grant to develop distance learning

BYLINE: Tim Ruzek, Post-Bulletin, Rochester, Minn.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 239 words


Nov. 18--ADAMS -- The Southland school district will receive a $164,357 federal
grant to provide access to education, training and health care resources in
rural areas.

The grant is part of $1.4 million coming to Minnesota under the U.S. Department
of Agriculture's rural development distance learning and telemedicine program,
according to U.S. Sen. Amy Klobuchar.

Southland has an elementary school in Rose Creek and a middle school/high school
in Adams. The district serves students in and around Rose Creek, Adams, Dexter,
Elkton and Taopi.

Also receiving a grant through the distance learning and telemedicine program is
Southeast Service Cooperative in Rochester, which serves public and private
schools, other educational institutions, cities, counties and other agencies in
11 counties in southeastern Minnesota. The cooperative will receive a $208,766
grant.

Other grants in Minnesota went to Northeast Service Cooperative, MacCray public
schools; Lakes Country Service Cooperative, and Mahnomen Health Center.

To see more of the Post-Bulletin, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.postbulletin.com. Copyright (c) 2009, Post-Bulletin, Rochester, Minn.
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: November 19, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20091118-RC-BRF-Southland-gets-grant-to-develop-distance-learning-1118

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: RC


                          Copyright 2009 Post-Bulletin


                              150 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            October 6, 2016 Thursday

Washington: At White House Rural Forum, USDA Unveils New Funding to Support
Rural Broadband and Economic Development

LENGTH: 862  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: United States Department of Agriculture has issued the following
news release:



 At the White House Rural Forum convened today at Pennsylvania State University,
Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack announced $32 million in loans and grants that
will promote economic development and provide access to broadband in more than
80 rural American communities. Vilsack, who is chair of the first-ever White
House Rural Council, convened the forum with rural policy, business and
nonprofit leaders to discuss pertinent issues facing rural communities,
including opportunities for economic growth and strategies for improving health
care and housing.





 "This funding will provide much-needed capital and bring cutting-edge
technology to rural communities across the country," Vilsack said. "Investments
in our rural businesses and communities, coupled with extending high-speed
broadband, have led to a resurgence of economic development, created jobs and
improved the quality of life in rural America. While we have made great
progress, our work to extend capital and technology to rural America is not
done."



 Significant gains have been made across rural America: Rural household income
climbed 3.4 percent in 2015, overall poverty and food insecurity fell
dramatically, rural populations have begun to rebound, non-metro areas have
added more than 250,000 jobs since 2014, and the share of rural Americans
without health insurance is now at an all-time low.



 The White House Rural Council, established by President Obama in 2011,
coordinates the Administration's efforts in rural America by streamlining and
improving the effectiveness of federal programs, engaging stakeholders on
priority issues, and coordinating private-sector partnerships to create economic
opportunity and improve the quality of life.



 With today's funding, USDA is investing in 86 projects through the Rural
Economic Development Loan and Grant program, the Rural Microentrepreneur
Assistance Program, the Intermediary Relending Program, the Rural Business
Development Grant Program and the Community Connect program.



 Examples of funded projects include:



     Jackson Energy Cooperative Corporation in McKee, Ky., will receive a $1
million Rural Economic Development loan to help the Kentucky Highlands Real
Estate Corporation retrofit an industrial building. The newly updated building,
located in Rockcastle County, will be leased to a private contractor that
processes medical records for the Veterans Administration. This project is
expected to create 190 jobs.

     Pine Telephone Company in Broken Bow, Okla., will receive a $3 million
Community Connect grant to build a state-of-the-art fiber network serving the
Choctaw Nation Tribal Jurisdiction. The money will also support staff for a
community center where individuals without computers can access the internet.

     The city of Anamoose, N.D., will receive a $218,462 Rural Business
Development Grant to renovate a former bank building. The refurbished building
will be leased to a new restaurant that will feature an evening and weekend menu
using locally-grown produce and meats.



 USDA Rural Development's business and telecommunications programs have had a
significant impact on rural lives and economies. In 2014, USDA provided a
$250,000 Rural Economic Development grant to Douglas Electric Cooperative, Inc.
in Armour, S.D., that it used to help the Delmont Fire Protection District
rebuild its fire hall. The previous fire hall had been destroyed by a tornado.



 At the Rural Forum, Vilsack also announced that more than $3 billion has been
invested since 2014 into rural infrastructure projects through a public-private
partnership with Capitol Peak Asset Management and CoBank, a national
cooperative bank and member of the Farm Credit System. Since USDA initiated the
partnership, the private-sector funding has helped finance more than 400
projects in the power, water, communications and community facilities
industries.



 Finally, Vilsack announced the continuation of the Rural Integration Models for
Parents and Children to Thrive (Rural IMPACT) demonstration project that was
launched last year. Rural IMPACT helps communities adopt a two-generation
approach to addressing the needs of vulnerable children and their parents. Its
goal is to increase parents' employment and education and improve the health and
well-being of their children and families.



 Rural IMPACT is led by the Department of Health and Human Services in
collaboration with USDA, the Department of Labor, the Corporation for National
and Community Service, the Appalachian Regional Commission, the Delta Regional
Authority, the Annie E. Casey Foundation, the W.K. Kellogg Foundation and other
philanthropic partners. These partners have selected 10 local and tribal
communities to receive technical assistance and capacity-building resources to
reduce child poverty, and placed AmeriCorps VISTA members there. The partners
are pleased to announce these member will be placed in the 10 Rural IMPACT
communities for a second year.





 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:

 editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 7, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              151 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            October 6, 2016 Thursday

Washington: At White House Rural Forum, USDA Unveils New Funding to Support
Rural Broadband and Economic Development

LENGTH: 862  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: United States Department of Agriculture has issued the following
news release:



 At the White House Rural Forum convened today at Pennsylvania State University,
Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack announced $32 million in loans and grants that
will promote economic development and provide access to broadband in more than
80 rural American communities. Vilsack, who is chair of the first-ever White
House Rural Council, convened the forum with rural policy, business and
nonprofit leaders to discuss pertinent issues facing rural communities,
including opportunities for economic growth and strategies for improving health
care and housing.





 "This funding will provide much-needed capital and bring cutting-edge
technology to rural communities across the country," Vilsack said. "Investments
in our rural businesses and communities, coupled with extending high-speed
broadband, have led to a resurgence of economic development, created jobs and
improved the quality of life in rural America. While we have made great
progress, our work to extend capital and technology to rural America is not
done."



 Significant gains have been made across rural America: Rural household income
climbed 3.4 percent in 2015, overall poverty and food insecurity fell
dramatically, rural populations have begun to rebound, non-metro areas have
added more than 250,000 jobs since 2014, and the share of rural Americans
without health insurance is now at an all-time low.



 The White House Rural Council, established by President Obama in 2011,
coordinates the Administration's efforts in rural America by streamlining and
improving the effectiveness of federal programs, engaging stakeholders on
priority issues, and coordinating private-sector partnerships to create economic
opportunity and improve the quality of life.



 With today's funding, USDA is investing in 86 projects through the Rural
Economic Development Loan and Grant program, the Rural Microentrepreneur
Assistance Program, the Intermediary Relending Program, the Rural Business
Development Grant Program and the Community Connect program.



 Examples of funded projects include:



     Jackson Energy Cooperative Corporation in McKee, Ky., will receive a $1
million Rural Economic Development loan to help the Kentucky Highlands Real
Estate Corporation retrofit an industrial building. The newly updated building,
located in Rockcastle County, will be leased to a private contractor that
processes medical records for the Veterans Administration. This project is
expected to create 190 jobs.

     Pine Telephone Company in Broken Bow, Okla., will receive a $3 million
Community Connect grant to build a state-of-the-art fiber network serving the
Choctaw Nation Tribal Jurisdiction. The money will also support staff for a
community center where individuals without computers can access the internet.

     The city of Anamoose, N.D., will receive a $218,462 Rural Business
Development Grant to renovate a former bank building. The refurbished building
will be leased to a new restaurant that will feature an evening and weekend menu
using locally-grown produce and meats.



 USDA Rural Development's business and telecommunications programs have had a
significant impact on rural lives and economies. In 2014, USDA provided a
$250,000 Rural Economic Development grant to Douglas Electric Cooperative, Inc.
in Armour, S.D., that it used to help the Delmont Fire Protection District
rebuild its fire hall. The previous fire hall had been destroyed by a tornado.



 At the Rural Forum, Vilsack also announced that more than $3 billion has been
invested since 2014 into rural infrastructure projects through a public-private
partnership with Capitol Peak Asset Management and CoBank, a national
cooperative bank and member of the Farm Credit System. Since USDA initiated the
partnership, the private-sector funding has helped finance more than 400
projects in the power, water, communications and community facilities
industries.



 Finally, Vilsack announced the continuation of the Rural Integration Models for
Parents and Children to Thrive (Rural IMPACT) demonstration project that was
launched last year. Rural IMPACT helps communities adopt a two-generation
approach to addressing the needs of vulnerable children and their parents. Its
goal is to increase parents' employment and education and improve the health and
well-being of their children and families.



 Rural IMPACT is led by the Department of Health and Human Services in
collaboration with USDA, the Department of Labor, the Corporation for National
and Community Service, the Appalachian Regional Commission, the Delta Regional
Authority, the Annie E. Casey Foundation, the W.K. Kellogg Foundation and other
philanthropic partners. These partners have selected 10 local and tribal
communities to receive technical assistance and capacity-building resources to
reduce child poverty, and placed AmeriCorps VISTA members there. The partners
are pleased to announce these member will be placed in the 10 Rural IMPACT
communities for a second year.





 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:

 editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 6, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              152 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                         Brattleboro Reformer (Vermont)

                           November 25, 2014 Tuesday

USDA technology grant connects schools

BYLINE: By Howard Weiss-Tisman hwtisman@reformer.com @HowardReformer on Twitter

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 735 words


BRATTLEBORO &GT;&GT; The U.S. Department of Agriculture is investing almost
$500,000 in a distance learning project in four Vermont school districts that
will use Marlboro Graduate Center as a training hub for the technology.

The USDA Rural Development Distance Learning and Telemedicine Grant will help 19
Vermont schools purchase videoconferencing equipment and software that will
allow students and teachers in the schools to take part in distance learning
classes and trainings.

"This grant is a real boon to a state like Vermont that is mostly rural," said
Sean Conley, Associate Dean for Graduate & Professional Studies at Marlboro
College Graduate and Professional Studies. "Students can take classes that are
not now available to them. It helps small schools overcome limitations and it
opens up many more opportunities for the students and teachers."

Conley said teachers in the schools that purchase the equipment will work with
Marlboro College Graduate and Professional Studies professors and train via
videoconferencing. He said the grant is also going to support work that Marlboro
College Graduate and Professional Studies is doing with Minecraft, an on-line
gaming tool. Marlboro staff are working with teachers around the state to use
the gaming tool to teach coding and motivate students in the classroom.

"A grant like this brings more people into the tent and upgrades what they had
before," Conley said. "Marlboro can offer the professional development to help
the teachers, and when they have the equipment they can work with us from
wherever they are."

"As the rising costs of education continue to be a barrier for many in rural
Vermont, we applaud USDA-Rural Development for funding high quality distance
learning opportunities to 5,000 students in 19 schools across Vermont," said
U.S. Senators Patrick Leahy and Bernie Sanders and U.S. Rep. Peter Welch in a
prepared statement. "We appreciate that this grant also invests in one of
Vermont's greatest assets   our educators   by creating new professional
development offerings through Marlboro College. The Vermont Virtual Learning
Cooperative is an excellent example of a strong partnership between local school
and higher education leaders, with the goal of providing Vermont students the
critical skills needed to succeed in the digital age."

The grant announced last week was part of a $20.4-million USDA Rural Development
grant that will fund 65 distance learning projects across the country. Purchase,
installation and full curriculum implementation of the new technology is
scheduled to be completed during fall 2016. Vermont Southwest Supervisory Union,
Blue Mountain Union School District Number 21, Rutland Central Supervisory Union
and Franklin Northeast Supervisory Union will share the grant. About 5,000
students in the 19 schools will have the opportunity to take classes not offered
by their school's curriculum.

"Distance learning provides rural students with world class educational
opportunities at a reasonable cost," said USDA Rural Development State Director
Ted Brady. "By bringing classes to students over the Internet, the Vermont
Virtual Learning Cooperative, Marlboro College, and these schools are helping to
increase available course offerings to students without busting a small school's
budget."

The schools will be able to take part in the Vermont Virtual Learning
Cooperative, VTVLC, a statewide virtual learning program that lets students in
rural schools participate in classes away from their home schools.

VTVLC was launched in 2010 and currently there are about 60 schools
participating and offering 105 virtual classes. VTVLC Director Jeff Renard said
the USDA grant, for the first time, will allow elementary schools to purchase
the videoconferencing equipment. Along with connecting students, he said
teachers in the schools will be able to access professional development from
Marlboro to help them further their understanding of the new technology.

"Local budgets are shrinking and having the right equipment is often the barrier
that prevents smaller schools from taking part in programs like this," said
Renard. "And it is the smaller schools that need access to additional courses.
It's really exciting to think that we'll be able to bridge the gap and provide
point-to-point communication. This is going to open up a lot of opportunities."

Howard Weiss-Tisman can be reached at 802-254-2311 ext. 279.

LOAD-DATE: November 27, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


   Copyright 2014 MediaNews Group, Inc. and New England Newspaper Group Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              153 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            October 2, 2014 Thursday

Landrieu Announces $200K USDA Grant for Coastal Communities Consulting, Inc.

LENGTH: 371  words

DATELINE: Washington


Office of the Senator Mary L. Landrieu, U.S Government has issued the following
news release:

U.S. Senator Mary L. Landrieu, D-La., today announced a $200,000 rural
development grant to Coastal Communities Consulting, Inc. (CCC), a small
business located in Gretna, La. This specific rural development grant is awarded
through the U.S. Department of Agriculture's (USDA) Small,
Socially-Disadvantaged Producer Grant (SSDPG) program. Today's funding will
provide resources to legal assistance, business planning, and marketing plan
development to commercial fisherman in Southeast Louisiana.

In June, Sen. Landrieu wrote a letter to Secretary Vilsack at the USDA
expressing her support for CCC's mission to assist commercial fishermen and
their families. Read the letter online here.

Coastal Communities Consulting, Inc. (CCC) is a not-for-profit organization that
has served Southeast Louisiana's rural communities since 2010.  CCC assists over
1,200 commercial fishermen and other rural entrepreneurs from Jefferson,
Lafourche, Orleans, Plaquemines, St. Bernard, St. Tammany and Terrebonne
parishes in managing their businesses and training business owners in new areas
of employment. For more information on the programs provided by CCC, visit their
website.

"Coastal Communities Consulting provides assistance to commercial fisherman and
rural entrepreneurs who keep local communities thriving. Louisiana fishermen
produce one-third of the nation's seafood and support 1.3 million jobs," Sen.
Landrieu said. "Today's grant award to CCC further proves the positive benefits
that local non-profits can provide small businesses to ensure they succeed and
are able to support families who have dedicated their lives to the industry for
generations."

The primary objective of the SSDPG program is to provide technical assistance to
small, socially disadvantaged agricultural producers through eligible
cooperatives and cooperative development centers. These funds in particular will
be used to provide legal assistance, business planning, and marketing plan
development to socially disadvantaged commercial fishermen.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 3, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              154 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                             The Financial Express

                           September 20, 2011 Tuesday

Nabard refuses central aid to UP coop bodies

BYLINE: Deepa Jainani

LENGTH: 451  words

DATELINE: Lucknow


Unimpressed by the Uttar Pradesh government's efforts at reforming agricultural
cooperative societies in the state, as recommended by the Vaidyanathan committee
on revamping  the banking and para-banking area of the cooperative sector, the
National Bank for Agriculture and Rural Development (Nabard) has refused to
release the central assistance amounting to approximately R1,070 crore.

Primary cooperative societies, responsible for rural credit and district
cooperative banks for small-term loans, have been in the red for the last 5
years. As per official figures, 2,035 cooperative societies out of nearly 7,500
are dormant and more than one-third of the 51 district co-op banks are
struggling to retain their licence from the Reserve Bank of India (RBI).   Other
primary societies and even apex societies are no better.

Apart from corruption, mismanagement and political interference, the repeated
concern of both the central and the state governments for farmers has led to
waver and moratorium of loans. This has led to a belief in the minds of small
borrowers that the loan need not be paid back because, sooner or later, the
Union or state governments will come to their rescue.

It was in this backdrop, that the Vaidyanathan commitee recommendations, as
accepted by the Centre, were to be executed by Nabard. The committee recommended
the grant of

R1,693 crore as subsidy to revamp the coop sector and released R623 crore out of
that in 2007. The second installment of R1,069 crore was linked to state
government sanctioning its matching share of R176 crore and paying R42 crore to
cooperative societies to convert some of their shares into government grants.

Nabard feels that while necessary instructions for reforms have been issued at
the state level, the implementation of regular MIS system, formulation and
execution of business plans and necessary safeguards to realise the credit
disbursed to farmers are yet to be operational. Therefore, this should be
effectively put into place before the money could be released.

While the state has already made provisions for its share of the allocation in
its supplementary budget last month and is all set to release the money, it has
contested the other issues put forth by Nabard.

The state has already completed the legal reforms, nearly complied with 'fit and
proper' criteria for CEOs of UPCBs and DCBs, ensured the share of PACS in the
recapitalisation assistance, has conducted elections to the managing committees
of UPCB, 48 DCBs and 7,000 PACS. In a communication received at Nabard, the UP
has emphasised that all activities under the package have been taken care of and
therefore the Centre's share of money should be released at the earliest.

LOAD-DATE: September 19, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


        Copyright 2011 The Financial Express, distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              155 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                            The Times of India (TOI)

                              July 8, 2012 Sunday

Gehlot announces new polices for the cooperative sector Best-performing
cooperative societies to be honoured: CM

SECTION: JAIPUR

LENGTH: 620 words


JAIPUR: With a view to garner rural votes in the coming assembly elections (in
2013), chief minister Ashok Gehlot announced a slew of polices for the
cooperative sector.

Addressing the gathering on the international cooperative day on Saturday,
Gehlot announced to provide free land to dugdh utpadak sahakari samiti (DUSS)
and financial assistance from the member of legislative assembly local area
development (MLALAD) fund to the gram seva sahkari samiti (GSSS) and DUSS. He
also made an announcement to felicitate the best performing cooperative
institutions in the state every year.

Stressing on the importance of cooperative societies in the development of the
state, Gehlot said that various steps are being taken by the state government to
strengthen the cooperative movement. "After a gap of 30 years, new GSSS were
formed in the state. Farmers are getting interest-free loans from cooperative
banks and the corpus has been increased from Rs 2,500 crore to Rs 10,000 crore,"
said Gehlot. He added "We are the third state in the country where the crop
loans to farmers are given at 0% interest."

The state government is also planning to help the farmers whose rabi crop failed
due to extended winters. National Bank for Agriculture and Rural Development
(NABARD) has been asked to increase the financial assistance for Rajasthan. Due
to the poor financial condition of central cooperative bank in Tonk district,
the farmers were given direct loans from the Rajasthan state cooperative bank.

Parsadilal Meena, cooperative minister, emphasized on computerization of the
cooperative institutions. He also stressed on women empowerment and said "The
government provided grant of Rs 5 crores to the women's cooperative society and
initiated the public distribution system. The real success of cooperative
movement depends on the participation of women."

Eom

Jaipur: Eyeing on the rural votes for the coming assembly elections in 2013, the
chief minister Ashok Gehlot announced slew of polices for the cooperative
sector.

Addressing the gathering during the international cooperative day on Saturday,
Gehlot announced to provide free land to dugdh utpadak sahakari samiti (DUSS)
and financial assistance from the member of legislative assembly local area
development fund (MLALAD) to gram seva sahkari samiti (GSSS) and DUSS. He also
declared to felicitate the best performing cooperative institutions in the state
every year.

Pointing the importance of cooperative societies in the development of the
state, Gehlot said that various steps by the state government are being taken to
make the cooperative movement strong. "After the gap of 30 years new GSSS were
formed. Farmers are getting interest free loans from cooperative banks and the
corpus has been increased form Rs. 2500 crore to Rs. 10,000 crore" said Gehlot.
He added "We are third state in the country where the crop loans to farmers is
given at 0% interest".

With the failed rabi crop due top prolong winters the state government has
beefed up its efforts in facilitating the farmers. National Bank for Agriculture
and Rural Development (NABARD) has been asked to increase the financial
assistance for Rajasthan. Viewing the poor financial position of central
cooperative bank in Tonk district the farmers were given direct loans form the
Rajasthan state cooperative bank.

Parsadilal Meena, cooperative minister stressed on the computerization of the
cooperative institutions. He also stressed on the women empowerment and said
"The government provided grant of Rs. 5 cr to women cooperative society and
initiated the public distribution system. The real success of cooperative
movement lies on the participation of women in it".

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: July 7, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2012 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              156 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            July 20, 2016 Wednesday

Washington: USDA Invests More than $9 Million to Support Small Businesses in 12
States

LENGTH: 541  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: United States Department of Agriculture has issued the following
news release:



 Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack today announced the investment of more than
$9 million in loans and grants to support job growth and economic development in
12 states. The funding is being provided through USDA's Rural Economic
Development Loan and Grant (REDLG) program, through which USDA provides
zero-interest loans and grants to utilities that lend funds to local businesses
for projects to create and retain employment.





 "Small businesses are the cornerstone of the rural economy," Vilsack said.
"During the Obama Administration, USDA's investments have directly helped more
than 100,000 small business get off the ground or expand, and the projects
announced today will help 15 more rural communities see job growth and economic
development."



 One of the organizations selected for funding is the Crawford Electric
Cooperative in Bourbon, Mo. It has been approved for a $1 million loan to help
East Central College create a workforce development training facility on its
campus in Union, Mo. The facility will provide job training in manufacturing to
support workers and businesses in an eight-county region served by the college.
The project area includes counties where poverty is persistent as well as areas
designated for targeted assistance through USDA's StrikeForce for Rural Growth
and Opportunity Initiative. This project is expected to create 11 jobs.



 Winnebago Cooperative Telecom Association in Lake Mills, Iowa, is being
selected for a $780,000 loan to help All States Ag Parts relocate to a larger
facility in Lake Mills. Funds will be used to purchase machinery, equipment and
inventory. This project is expected to create 51 jobs.



 Under today's announcement, USDA is investing in 15 projects to create jobs and
expand economic opportunity in rural communities. Funding of each award
announced today is contingent upon the recipient meeting the terms of the loan
or grant agreement.



 USDA Rural Development has a strong track record of strengthening rural
businesses and economies through its Rural Business-Cooperative Service. For
example, in 2015, Four County EMC used a $2 million REDLG loan to help Acme
Smoked Fish Corp. in Pender County, N.C., buy equipment to process and smoke
salmon, herring and other fish. Pender County has struggled since the economic
downturn in the late 2000s. The REDLG loan has brought more than 120 full-time
jobs to the region. Since 2009, USDA has invested more than $330 million in
loans and grants through the REDLG program.



 Since 2009, USDA Rural Development (@USDARDThis is an external link or
third-party site outside of the United States Department of Agriculture (USDA)
website.) has invested $11 billion to start or expand 103,000 rural businesses;
helped 1.1 million rural residents buy homes; funded nearly 7,000 community
facilities such as schools, public safety and health care facilities; financed
185,000 miles of electric transmission and distribution lines; and helped bring
high-speed Internet access to nearly 6 million rural residents and businesses.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:

 editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: July 21, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              157 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                  Carroll County Times (Westminster, Maryland)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                             June 6, 2015 Saturday

USDA seeks applications for grants to help socially disadvantaged producers

BYLINE: Michel Elben, Carroll County Times, Westminster, Md.

SECTION: BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL NEWS

LENGTH: 356 words


June 06--The U.S. Department of Agriculture is accepting applications to provide
technical assistance to socially disadvantaged groups in rural areas.

"These grants will help socially-disadvantaged business owners develop the tools
and skills they need to grow their enterprises and succeed at creating jobs and
expanding economic opportunities in rural areas," Agriculture Secretary Tom
Vilsack said in a news release. "American agriculture is becoming increasingly
diverse in many ways, with more minorities and women seeking to enter the field,
as well as greater diversity in the age of farmers, the size of operations, in
production methods, and in the types of crops being grown. All of these forms of
diversity help strengthen U.S. agriculture for the future."

Funding will be made available through USDA's Socially Disadvantaged Groups
Grant Program, which assists organizations that provide technical assistance to
socially disadvantaged groups in rural areas. Examples of technical assistance
are conducting feasibility studies, developing business and strategic plans, and
providing leadership training.

Eligible applicants include groups of cooperatives, cooperative development
centers and individual cooperatives that serve socially disadvantaged groups.
The cooperatives or centers can be located in any area, but the groups assisted
must be located in an eligible rural area. Also, the majority of the governing
body of the organization must be comprised of individuals who are members of
socially disadvantaged groups.

USDA plans to make up to $3 million in grants available. The maximum award under
this notice is $175,000. More information on how to apply can be found on page
28937 of the May 20 Federal Register. Applications submitted by mail must be
postmarked by July 20. Electronic applications must be submitted at http://www.
grants.gov no later than midnight July 14.

michel.elben@carrollcountytimes.com

410-857-7873

twitter.com/MichelElben

___ (c)2015 the Carroll County Times (Westminster, Md.) Visit the Carroll County
Times (Westminster, Md.) at www.carrollcountytimes.com Distributed by Tribune
Content Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: June 6, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20150606-WX-USDA-seeks-applications-for-grants
-to-help-socially-disadvantaged-producers-0606-20150606

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: WX


                      Copyright 2015 Carroll County Times


                              158 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                         Deming Headlight (New Mexico)

                           October 14, 2015 Wednesday
                                   1 Edition

Grants awarded for economic development

BYLINE: By, For the Headlight

SECTION: A; Pg. 5

LENGTH: 448 words


ALBUQUERQUE - USDA Deming Day will be hosted by Rural Development State Director
Terry Brunner to celebrate the obligation of four economic development projects
in Deming and Luna County. A grant presentation will be hosted at 2:30 p.m. on
Thursday at Mimbres Valley Learning Center located at 2300 East Pine Street.

U.S. Senator Tom Udall will join Director Brunner to present the obligation
certificates to the following organizations:

Columbus Electric Cooperative - $14,705,000 to make 316 consumer connections as
well facility upgrades and system improvements.

Luna County - $50,0000 Rural Business Development Grant (RBDG) for business
training for small and emerging businesses skillsets in the Luna County area.

NM Small Business Development Center - $84,183 Rural Business Development Grant
(RBDG) to provide technical assistance in business practices to small and
emerging businesses through one-on-one consultation and workshops.

Southwest Regional Housing and Community Development - $252,872 for a Self-Help
Technical Assistant Grant to provide guidance and assistance to 13 low and
very-low income families in qualifying and packaging home loans through USDA
Rural Development's 502 loan program and to provide technical support to the
families who will help build each other's homes.

The New Mexico Small Business Development Center (NMSBCD) grant is to provide
technical assistance and training to eligible small rural business owners in
Luna County.

United States Senator Tom Udall and USDA Rural Development State Director Terry
Brunner will present the grant to Russell Wyrick, NMSBCD state director and Jane
Janson, center director at SBDC at Western New Mexico University in Silver City.

The grant will provide emerging and existing eligible small businesses in Luna
County with technical assistance in the form of advising (one-on-one or group)
and tailored workshops with the goal of assisting emerging businesses and
working with existing businesses to grow and create or save jobs.

The Western New Mexico University SBDC office will coordinate the development of
these services through its field office in Deming located at Mimbres Valley
Learning Center. Luna County eligible small businesses will benefit from the
services offered under this grant by working hands-on with an experienced
business advisor and workshop trainers who can understand their particular
business needs and help them access the tools and resources to start or build
their business.

Representatives from Luna County Chamber of Commerce, Deming mayor Benny L.
Jasso, representatives from Southwest Regional Housing and Community Development
and more will be in attendance at the grant presentation.

LOAD-DATE: July 6, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: dnm


                        Copyright 2015 Deming Headlight
                              All Rights Reserved


                              159 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                         Deming Headlight (New Mexico)

                           October 14, 2015 Wednesday
                                   1 Edition

Grants awarded for economic development

BYLINE: By, For the Headlight

SECTION: A; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 448 words


ALBUQUERQUE - USDA Deming Day will be hosted by Rural Development State Director
Terry Brunner to celebrate the obligation of four economic development projects
in Deming and Luna County. A grant presentation will be hosted at 2:30 p.m. on
Thursday at Mimbres Valley Learning Center located at 2300 East Pine Street.

U.S. Senator Tom Udall will join Director Brunner to present the obligation
certificates to the following organizations:

Columbus Electric Cooperative - $14,705,000 to make 316 consumer connections as
well facility upgrades and system improvements.

Luna County - $50,0000 Rural Business Development Grant (RBDG) for business
training for small and emerging businesses skillsets in the Luna County area.

NM Small Business Development Center - $84,183 Rural Business Development Grant
(RBDG) to provide technical assistance in business practices to small and
emerging businesses through one-on-one consultation and workshops.

Southwest Regional Housing and Community Development - $252,872 for a Self-Help
Technical Assistant Grant to provide guidance and assistance to 13 low and
very-low income families in qualifying and packaging home loans through USDA
Rural Development's 502 loan program and to provide technical support to the
families who will help build each other's homes.

The New Mexico Small Business Development Center (NMSBCD) grant is to provide
technical assistance and training to eligible small rural business owners in
Luna County.

United States Senator Tom Udall and USDA Rural Development State Director Terry
Brunner will present the grant to Russell Wyrick, NMSBCD state director and Jane
Janson, center director at SBDC at Western New Mexico University in Silver City.

The grant will provide emerging and existing eligible small businesses in Luna
County with technical assistance in the form of advising (one-on-one or group)
and tailored workshops with the goal of assisting emerging businesses and
working with existing businesses to grow and create or save jobs.

The Western New Mexico University SBDC office will coordinate the development of
these services through its field office in Deming located at Mimbres Valley
Learning Center. Luna County eligible small businesses will benefit from the
services offered under this grant by working hands-on with an experienced
business advisor and workshop trainers who can understand their particular
business needs and help them access the tools and resources to start or build
their business.

Representatives from Luna County Chamber of Commerce, Deming mayor Benny L.
Jasso, representatives from Southwest Regional Housing and Community Development
and more will be in attendance at the grant presentation.

LOAD-DATE: July 6, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: dnm


                        Copyright 2015 Deming Headlight
                              All Rights Reserved


                              160 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            October 10, 2014 Friday

Utah: CHS Foundation Grants

LENGTH: 280  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Sponsor  CHS Foundation
Deadlines  Applications accepted on an ongoing basis
Contact

Phone: 800.814.0506
Email: stewardship@chsfoundation.org
Purpose

CHS Foundation Grants are awarded to projects and programs working in the
following areas:

Rural Youth Leadership Development: Supports established programs that foster
leadership development among rural youth, such as FFA, 4-H, and Ag in the
Classroom
    Cooperative education: Supports cooperative education through an annual
competitive grants proram
    Returning Value to Rural Communities: Supports programs that build
leadership capacity in rural America through adult education and leadership
initiatives. Open to innovative and collaborative approaches to address emerging
issues and opportunities in rural communities.
    Farm and Agriculture Safety: Supports education programs that help keep farm
families, children, and agribusiness professionals safe.

Eligibility

National organizations are eligible. State or regional organizations are most
likely to be funded in the following states: Colorado, Idaho, Illinois, Indiana,
Iowa, Kansas, Michigan, Minnesota, Missouri, Montana, Nebraska, North Dakota,
Ohio, Oklahoma, Oregon, South Dakota, Texas, Utah, Washington, Wisconsin, and
Wyoming.
Geographic
coverage  Nationwide
Amount of
funding

No amount specified.
Application
process

More information and a link to the online application process is available on
the program website.
Tagged as  Agriculture, Children, Youth

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 10, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              161 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                         Telegraph Herald (Dubuque, IA)

                             October 9, 2009 Friday

Jo-Carroll Energy receives $100,000 grant

SECTION: A; Pg. 10

LENGTH: 600 words


USDA Rural Development State Director Colleen Callahan announced the details of
a $100,000 grant to Jo-Carroll Energy, Inc. at the cooperative's headquarters in
Elizabeth Thursday. Jo-Carroll Energy will use the funds to perform energy
audits to help rural small businesses and agriculture producers in their service
territory become more energy efficient.

The funds are being awarded through the federal agency's Rural Energy for
America Program (REAP). Jo-Carroll Energy is one of 88 applicants in Illinois
this year to receive grants or a combination of grants and guaranteed loans
totaling $6.2 million through the program. This is the first year a project of
this type is eligible for funding under this program as a result of a provision
in the 2008 Farm Bill. "Charged by this administration to build an
infrastructure for the 21st century, we are working every day in every way to
get America growing again," said Callahan. "This grant is one example of how we
can help farmers and rural businesses become more competitive and energy
efficient while conserving our natural resources." Jo-Carroll Energy is a rural
electric and natural gas cooperative serving nearly 26,000 electric and natural
gas accounts in Jo Daviess, Carroll and Whiteside counties. This grant will help
them offer energy audits to their more than 2,000 farm and business customers
through what will become a greatly expanded energy conservation and efficiency
program. "We are pleased to receive this funding through REAP that will be used
to help our members evaluate and reduce their energy use and costs," noted
Michael W. Hastings, Jo-Carroll Energy president and CEO. "The grant funds will
allow Jo-Carroll Energy to allocate additional staff time to the completion of
energy audits/assessments and employ a dedicated energy auditor," noted Russ
Simpson, senior vice president of economic development and member services.
Details of the program are being finalized. The cooperative plans to introduce
the program to members through an upcoming series of energy efficiency
workshops. The audits will identify options for farmers and small businesses to
conserve energy that will cut their energy costs and allow them to be more
competitive in their business operations. Certified energy managers and
professional engineers will gather information by visiting with producers and
business owners and making an on-site visit to identify opportunities to save
energy. Potential improvements will be recommended and information provided on
how these improvements can be accomplished, including recommendations on
equipment upgrades and replacements, cost estimates, potential annual energy
savings and projected payback time. Those requesting audits will pay $150 for
the service which represents 25 percent of the cost. The grant funds will pay
the remaining 75 percent. Jo Carroll Energy will cover program administrative
costs. "We are particularly pleased with Jo-Carroll Energy's award because we
know how beneficial energy audits can be," said Callahan. "Independent energy
audits performed for REAP applicants this year projected that those farmers and
small businesses will save between 20 and 74 percent of their energy use by
incorporating energy efficiency measures in their operations." Rural Development
provides financing and technical assistance to foster growth in homeownership,
business development, and critical community and technology infrastructure. More
information on USDA Rural Development is available on the web at
www.rurdev.usda.gov/il. USDA is an equal opportunity provider, employer and
lender.

LOAD-DATE: October 9, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2009 Woodward Communications, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              162 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                            The Times of India (TOI)

                             April 2, 2016 Saturday

Nabard disbursed Rs5,820 crore in Kerela during 2015-16

SECTION: THIRUVANANTHAPURAM

LENGTH: 231 words


Thiruvananthapuram: The National bank for agriculture and rural development
(Nabard) has disbursed a financial assistance of Rs 5,820 crore in the state
during 2015-16, said an official release here on Thursday.A major share of this
amount (Rs 5,090 crore) went towards refinance to banks. Meanwhile, the state
government received Rs 600 crore under the rural infrastructure development fund
(RIDF).Other beneficiaries included the cooperative banks that got Rs 115 crore
as direct assistance and various agencies which received Rs 15 crore as grant
assistance from dedicated funds for various developmental and promotional
activities.Of the amount disbursed as refinance, Rs 2,390 crore was for
long-term investment credit and Rs 2,700 crore was towards short-term assistance
to banks. The refinance for long-term agriculture investment of cooperative
banks was resumed after a gap of 10 years. Under RIDF, new projects worth Rs 710
crore was sanctioned to state government during the year, the release said.The
grant assistance included Rs 2.20 crore from the cooperative development fund to
cooperative banks for helping them set up basic infrastructure and training and
Rs 1.90 crore from the financial inclusion fund (FIF) to cooperative banks,
commercial banks and regional rural bank for financial literacy initiatives and
technology up gradation.

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: April 1, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              163 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                            The Times of India (TOI)

                             April 2, 2016 Saturday

Nabard disbursed Rs5,820 crore in Kerela during 2015-16

SECTION: THIRUVANANTHAPURAM

LENGTH: 231 words


Thiruvananthapuram: The National Bank for Agriculture and Rural Development
(Nabard) has disbursed a financial assistance of Rs 5,820 crore in the state
during 2015-16, said an official release here on Thursday. A major share of this
amount (Rs 5,090 crore) went towards refinance to banks. Meanwhile, the state
government received Rs 600 crore under the rural infrastructure development fund
(RIDF).Other beneficiaries included the cooperative banks that got Rs 115 crore
as direct assistance and various agencies which received Rs 15 crore as grant
assistance from dedicated funds for various developmental and promotional
activities.Of the amount disbursed as refinance, Rs 2,390 crore was for
long-term investment credit and Rs 2,700 crore was towards short-term assistance
to banks. The refinance for long-term agriculture investment of cooperative
banks was resumed after a gap of 10 years. Under RIDF, new projects worth Rs 710
crore was sanctioned to state government during the year, the release said.The
grant assistance included Rs 2.20 crore from the cooperative development fund to
cooperative banks for helping them set up basic infrastructure and training and
Rs 1.90 crore from the financial inclusion fund (FIF) to cooperative banks,
commercial banks and regional rural bank for financial literacy initiatives and
technology up gradation.

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: April 1, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              164 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                            The Times of India (TOI)

                             April 2, 2016 Saturday

Nabard disbursed Rs5,820 crore in Kerela during 2015-16

SECTION: THIRUVANANTHAPURAM

LENGTH: 231 words


Thiruvananthapuram: The National Bank for Agriculture and Rural Development
(Nabard) has disbursed a financial assistance of Rs 5,820 crore in the state
during 2015-16, said an official release here on Thursday. A major share of this
amount (Rs 5,090 crore) went towards refinance to banks. Meanwhile, the state
government received Rs 600 crore under the rural infrastructure development fund
(RIDF).Other beneficiaries included the cooperative banks that got Rs 115 crore
as direct assistance and various agencies which received Rs 15 crore as grant
assistance from dedicated funds for various developmental and promotional
activities.Of the amount disbursed as refinance, Rs 2,390 crore was for
long-term investment credit and Rs 2,700 crore was towards short-term assistance
to banks. The refinance for long-term agriculture investment of cooperative
banks was resumed after a gap of 10 years. Under RIDF, new projects worth Rs 710
crore was sanctioned to state government during the year, the release said.The
grant assistance included Rs 2.20 crore from the cooperative development fund to
cooperative banks for helping them set up basic infrastructure and training and
Rs 1.90 crore from the financial inclusion fund (FIF) to cooperative banks,
commercial banks and regional rural bank for financial literacy initiatives and
technology up gradation.

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: April 1, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              165 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                    The Daily Globe (Worthington, Minnesota)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            August 4, 2010 Wednesday

Region gets $15M for broadband: Rock, Pipestone, Lyon and Nobles counties to
benefit from grant

BYLINE: Julie Buntjer, The Daily Globe, Worthington, Minn.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 455 words


Aug. 04--WOODSTOCK -- Rural residents of Rock, Pipestone, Lyon and a portion of
Nobles counties will soon be able to access broadband service thanks to a $15
million grant and loan awarded Wednesday through the American Recovery and
Reinvestment Act.

Woodstock Telephone Co., which applied for the funds, will receive a $10.6
million grant and a $4.5 million loan in the latest round of recovery act
funding, delivered through USDA Rural Development. The money will be used to
expand the phone company's fiber network and provide broadband service to more
than 3,600 homes, businesses and facilities in 15 communities.

Cities included in the proposed service area include rural portions of Luverne,
Adrian, Hardwick, Jasper, Hatfield, Pipestone, Marshall, Ghent, Minneota, Tracy
and Russell.

A spokesperson from Woodstock Telephone Co. was unable to be reached for comment
Wednesday.

"Broadband gives rural communities the tools necessary to create jobs, improve
health care and create economic development opportunities," said Colleen
Landkammer, USDA Rural Development state director, in a press release issued
Wednesday. "The Obama Administration recognizes that broadband technology helps
build a platform for rural economic development well into the future and is
committed to increasing broadband access throughout rural America."

Woodstock was one of five Minnesota telephone cooperatives to be awarded funding
on Wednesday. Others include cooperatives in rural Morris, the Pequot Lakes
area, Lac qui Parle County, and six communities in Kittson, Marshall and Roseau
counties. In all, more than $40 million in Recovery Act broadband funds was
awarded.

Wednesday's announcement brings the total amount of recovery act dollars for
broadband to nearly $60 million.

Sen. Amy Klobuchar, who has long been a proponent of expanding broadband to
rural areas of the state, also issued a statement about the award.

"Decades ago, we made sure every American had access to electricity and to the
telephone, and today it's critical we do the same for Internet access,"
Klobuchar said. "High-speed Internet connects rural schools and hospitals,
protects public safety, facilitates the transport of vital services and
resources and lays the groundwork for job creation and long-term economic
growth."

To see more of The Daily Globe, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.dglobe.com. Copyright (c) 2010, The Daily Globe, Worthington, Minn.
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For more information
about the content services offered by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services
(MCT), visit www.mctinfoservices.com, e-mail services@mctinfoservices.com, or
call 866-280-5210 (outside the United States, call +1 312-222-4544).

LOAD-DATE: August 5, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20100804-QG-Region-gets-15M-for-broadband-20100804

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: QG


                         Copyright 2010 The Daily Globe


                              166 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                              The Bismarck Tribune

                            January 31, 1995 Tuesday

BYLINE: REBECCA LENTZ, Tribune Staff Writer

LENGTH: 355 words


North Central Data Cooperative has applied for a $200,000 community development
loan to help fund a planned expansion in Mandan. The cooprative, which has
called Mandan home for 27 years, announced in December tentative plans for a
$2.5 million expansion. The addition could creae asmany as 30 jobs by the year
2000. North Central provides data processing services, software, hardware and
educational assistance for rural electric and rural telephone cooperatives in 18
states.

North Central's General Manager Vern Dosch said the loan is one of the options
""we're looking at to make (the construction) feasible.'' ""We're trying to keep
our interest rate down,'' Dosch said. The cooperative applied for the loan
through the Lewis and Clark Regional Development Council. Lewis and Clark's
board approved the application, which was then forwarded to the Mandan City
Commission. The commissioners will decide whether to support the application
after a public hearing tonight at City Hall. If approved, the state then
considers it. The community development block grant program is funded via the
federal government. The state reeives the money, passes it to the city which in
turn loans it to the applicant. he business pays 7 percent interest on the loan.
The repayment works in the reverse order: North Central would pay Mandan, nd
Mndan would py th state. If NCDC were to default, the city wouldnt beresponsible
for repayment: The state ouldconsider i a grant ad would try to collect as much
collateral as possible. Dosch said in December the cooperative has run ou of
room for its employees. The cooperative grew about 22 percent in the last two
years to 120 employees. The hoped-for expansion was jump started by U S West
Communications Inc.'s decision to sell 68 of its rural North Dakota exchanges to
a consortium of cooperatives and independent telephone companies. The
cooperative process about 275,000 monthly telephone bills and will get about
48,000 from U S West. Earlier this month, the Mandan city commissioners approved
a variance request to build an enclosed passageway from North Central's building
to a proposed site.

LOAD-DATE: May 9, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


       Copyright 1995 The Bismarck Tribune, a division of Lee Enterprises
                              All Rights Reserved


                              167 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                    Quay County Sun (Tucumcari, New Mexico)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             April 4, 2009 Saturday

Community Notes: Brisket sale, Scholarships to Forestry Camp, U.S. Rep. Ben Ray
Lujan to visit, Grants available

BYLINE: Quay County Sun, Tucumcari, N.M.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 627 words


Apr. 4--Briskets sale to benefit Quay County Fair

Just in time for Easter, the Quay County Fairboard will be cooking its famous
briskets, said Brenda Bishop of the Quay County Extension Service.

Only 130 briskets will be available and they will be sold on a first come first
serve basis, Bishop said.

Briskets will be $40 and   precooked weight will be about 10 pounds.

To reserve a brisket call Nick at Holiday Tire at 461-1184.

Proceeds will be used to cover expenses for the 2009 Quay County Fair.

Deadline to reserve a brisket is April 5.

Briskets are to be picked up  from noon to 5 p.m. on April 10 at the Quay County
Fairgrounds.

Scholarships available to Forestry Camp

The Canadian River Soil and Water Conservation District is offering two
scholarships to the New Mexico Forestry Camp, according to a press release.

Campers work with resource professions to learn about trees, streams,
archeology, insects, wild land fire, range management, wildlife, outdoor ethos,
search and rescue,  soils and geology.

Any New Mexico resident age 13 to 17 with a strong interest in the outdoors is
eligible.

About 40 forest campers will attend the five-day outdoor workshop slated for May
31 -- June 5, the release said. The camp is held at Rancho del Chaparral Scout
Camp in the Jemez Mountains near Cuba.

Applications are due April 15 and are available at the district office, 706 S.
First Street.

For more details, call  Lou Briscoe at 461-3612, ext 5.

U.S. Rep. Ben Ray Lujan to visit Quay County area Thursday

U.S. Rep. Ben Lujan will meet next with constituents to discuss issues in their
communities and items before Congress next week.

Here is Lujan's schedule in the Quay County area:

Thursday

--8:15 am -- Congress at Your Cafe, Pow Wow Cafe, 801 W. Route 66 Blvd.,
Tucumcari

--12:30 p.m.   -- Congress on Your Corner, Mosquero Courthouse,  35 Pine St.,
Mosquero

--2 p.m. -- Congress at Your Cafe, Roy Sundries Cafe, 325 Chicosa St., Roy

Deadline for rural communities to seek grant funds extended

The USDA Rural Development's Business and Cooperative Program has announced that
the deadline to apply for the Rural Business Opportunity Grant (RBOG) Program
for FY  2009 has been extended to April 30, according to a release.

Acting state director Eric Vigil said, in the release,that the old deadline did
not give potential applicants sufficient time to apply.  So, the deadline was
extended throughout the nation.

The primary objective of the RBOG Program is to promote sustainable economic
development in rural communities. This is accomplished by making grants to pay
costs for such things as economic planning for rural communities, technical
assistance for rural businesses, or training for rural entrepreneurs or economic
development officials.

The grant money is available to public bodies, nonprofits, federally recognized
tribal groups and cooperatives, the release stated.

Applications for the RBOG non-earmarked funds will not exceed $50,000 and for
multi-state projects $150,000.

Applications are due to the state's USDA Rural Development Office, Business and
Cooperative Programs, 6200 Jefferson NE, Room 255, Albuquerque, NM  87109,  no
later than 4:30 p.m. April 30. Applicants will compete nationwide for the
funding.

For more information  call (505) 761-4953, or visit the  USDA Rural Development
Programs Web site at http://www.rurdev.usda.gov.

To see more of The Quay County Sun or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.qcsunonline.com/. Copyright (c) 2009, Quay County Sun, Tucumcari,
N.M. Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: April 5, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20090404-QY-Community-Notes-Brisket-sale-Scholarships-to-Forestry-Camp-U-S-Rep-B
en-Ray-Lujan-to-visit-Grants-available-0404

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: QY


                         Copyright 2009 Quay County Sun


                              168 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                          South Bend Tribune (Indiana)

                   October 23, 2001 Tuesday Michigan Edition

Cassopolis focuses on downtown revitalization;
Village lands MEDC grant for development analysis

BYLINE: By ADAM JACKSON; Tribune Staff Writer

SECTION: LOCAL; Pg. D1

LENGTH: 387 words


CASSOPOLIS --It is difficult to put a price tag on the revitalization of a
declining downtown business district.

But $7,500 is a good place to start.

That's the amount the Cassopolis Downtown Development Authority received as a
grant from the Michigan Economic Development Corporation (MEDC) Monday to fund a
marketing analysis of the village's downtown business district.

The MEDC is a state agency that administers state and federal funding earmarked
for economic development projects.

"This grant is part of a collaborative effort between the MEDC and the village
to help create new jobs and growth in the village," Tricia Tucciarone, MEDC vice
president of community relations, said at a news conference at Midwest Energy
Cooperative. "It will help to identify strategies to attract and locate new
commercial businesses within the downtown business district."

That has been a longtime goal of village leaders, as occupancy rates in the
community's small downtown region have dwindled. To reverse the trend, village
leaders have formed a Downtown Development Authority to oversee efforts to
revitalize the district.

But a job like that takes more than enthusiasm, it also takes money. Which is
why the village applied for the grant, known as a Community Development Block
Grant, last spring.

And when word came of approval, village leaders heralded the news as the first
step toward bringing the downtown business district back from the brink.

"We were fortunate in that we made the application at sort of the right part of
the cycle," Village Manager Arthur Sciorra said. "We have already completed a
survey asking business owners what they would like to see, but this will allow
us to find out just what the market can support."

The next step will be to locate and hire a company to conduct the study, which
may be completed by the end of the year.

After that, village leaders will have the pieces of the puzzle they need to move
ahead in the effort to pump life back into the downtown area, Cassopolis
Downtown Development Authority Chairman John Hayman said.

"We have so much to hope for; so many opportunities for growth," he said.

"I feel like we have an unpainted palette in front of us just waiting to be
painted."

Staff Writer Adam Jackson

ajackson@sbtinfo.com

(616) 687-7001


LOAD-DATE: November 1, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Cassopolis Village Manager Art Sciorra, second from right, makes a
point during a news conference Monday announcing a $7,500 downtown Cassopolis
study at Midwest Energy Cooperative in Cassopolis. Listening in next to Sciorra
are Cassopolis Village President Julia Bell and Midwest Energy Vice President of
Marketing & Customer Services Steve Rhodes. Tribune Photo/MARK SHEPHARD ; MEDC
inks rural pact   The Michigan Economic Development Corporation on Monday signed
a partnership agreement with the U.S. Department of Agriculture Rural
Development Agency -- Michigan to work together to assist the state's rural
businesses and communities.  "The MEDC is investing considerably in rural
development through the work of our Community Assistance Teams and other
targeted initiatives," said Doug Rothwell, president and CEO of the Michigan
Economic Development Corporation. "We welcome this partnership with USDA Rural
Development, which will allow for a new level of strategic awareness and
cooperation." Components of the agreement include holding periodic meetings to
identify opportunities where partnering is possible on specific projects and
informational programs, promoting the business and economic development programs
of each agency and supporting rural Renaissance Zones and rural Enterprise
Communities.  "Rural Development looks forward to developing an even closer
working relationship with the Michigan Economic Development Corporation," said
Joanne DeVuyst, state director for USDA Rural Development operations in
Michigan. -- Tribune staff report

                 Copyright 2001 South Bend Tribune Corporation


                              169 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             June 18, 2013 Tuesday

Utah: USDA Celebrates National Small Business Week with Continued Investments to
Help Rural Business Grow

LENGTH: 600  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack has kicked off National Small Business Week by
highlighting USDA's actions to help rural small businesses create jobs, get
access to capital and spur economic growth. He also announced the selection of
recipients for USDA's Rural Business Enterprise Grants. USDA remains focused on
carrying out its mission, despite a time of significant budget uncertainty.

"Small businesses are the backbone of the economy in small towns and rural
communities, just as they are in our biggest cities," Vilsack said. "USDA
supports small businesses by providing job training, business development
opportunities, strategic community planning and other resources. We're focused
on making sure that Main Street businesses have the tools they need to grow."

Secretary Vilsack announced 54 awards under the Rural Business Enterprise Grants
program in 21 states - Alaska, Arizona, California, Kansas, Kentucky,
Massachusetts, Minnesota, Montana, North Dakota, Nebraska, New Mexico, New York,
Nevada, Oklahoma, Oregon, South Dakota, Tennessee, Utah, Vermont, Washington and
Wisconsin. Please click here for a complete list of Rural Business Enterprise
Grants awarded.

USDA has several initiatives underway to support small businesses and the
communities they serve. Altogether, USDA business and cooperative development
programs have had a significant impact on rural communities - achieving record
results under President Obama. Since 2009, USDA has provided more than 15,000
loans and grants through its business programs, helping more than 60,000 rural
small businesses. For more information on USDA's business and cooperative
development programs, visit http://www.rurdev.usda.gov/Business.html.

This assistance has also been directed toward historically underserved
communities. For example, USDA Rural Development is working closely with the
Appalachian Regional Commission on a public/private partnership to help
economies prosper. This partnership is intended to create a stronger and more
diversified Appalachian economy. It compliments several other initiatives USDA
has in place. Additionally, USDA is working in persistent poverty areas in 16
states to leverage local partnerships and grow the economy through its
StrikeForce for Rural Growth and Opportunity.

Rural small businesses are encouraged to contact their nearest USDA Rural
Development office for information about available assistance. A list of these
offices is available at http://www.rurdev.usda.gov/StateOfficeAddresses.html.

The funding announced today under the Rural Business Enterprise Grants program
will help support the Obama Administration's vision by providing rural
communities with resources to support small businesses, improve public
facilities, and create new, sustainable jobs. Funding is contingent upon the
recipient meeting the conditions for the grant.

The Rural Business Enterprise Grant program also supports the development of
local food systems. For example, in 2010, the Dutchess County Economic
Development Corporation (EDC) in Poughkeepsie, N.Y., received a $35,000 Rural
Business Enterprise Grant to support the county's Farm Fresh program. It is
designed to enhance agri-tourisim. As a result, EDC provides transportation for
more than 2,300 visitors from metropolitan areas to small farms and vineyards
throughout rural New York. The funding has increased tourism in rural New York
and expanded markets for several small businesses.

For further information please visit: http://www.raconline.org/.

LOAD-DATE: June 18, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              170 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                           Ruidoso News (New Mexico)

                             March 23, 2010 Tuesday

Region IX gets $500K USDA grant

BYLINE: Jim Kalvelage jkalvelage@ruidosonews.com

SECTION: EDUCATION

LENGTH: 170 words


Distance learning opportunities will expand in schools in Lincoln and parts of
Otero counties.

A ceremonial check was presented to the Region IX Education Cooperative in
Ruidoso on March 12.

The grant, awarded through the USDA Rural Development's Distance Learning and
Telemedicine Program, delivered $499,361 to Region IX.

"President Obama and USDA Rural Development are working to ensure that rural New
Mexico has access to a full range of educational opportunities through modern
technology," said Terry Brunner, the state director of the U.S. Department of
Agriculture. "The funding we have obligated to Region IX Education Cooperative
will deliver those opportunities by expanding telecommunications, educational
re-sources and computer resources in the Ruidoso area."

By expanding on the second phase of the cooperative's distance learning system,
the program will connect seven school district and Eastern New Mexico University
campuses in Ruidoso and Roswell. The money will extend video-conferencing among
the schools.

LOAD-DATE: October 21, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2010 Ruidoso News, a MediaNews Group Newspaper
                              All Rights Reserved


                              171 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                   The Star Phoenix (Saskatoon, Saskatchewan)

                             April 17, 2012 Tuesday
                                 Final Edition

Despite UN push, official says these are 'dark days' for Canadian co-ops

BYLINE: Will Chabun, Leader-Post

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. C6

LENGTH: 478 words

DATELINE: REGINA


What was intended as an international year to salute co-operatives has turned
into "dark days."

That's the opinion of Beryl Bauer, president of the Saskatchewan Co-operatives
Association, reacting to news that federal budget cuts will mean the end of
Ottawa's Co-operative Development Initiative and a reduction in the size of the
Agriculture and Agri-Foods Canada branch that administered it, the Rural and
Co-operatives Secretariat.

Bauer said the CDI goes back to 2003 and has helped with the creation of
numerous co-operatives.

And Tuesday will see Bauer in Regina to ask Economic Development Minister Jeremy
Harrison about rumours the $65,000 grant his ministry gives the SCA to pay for a
full-time organizer of co-operatives will be cut too.

On the federal scene, Bauer said the Canadian Co-operatives Association has been
unsuccessful so far in getting a meeting with federal agriculture minister Gerry
Ritz, though his department sent to the Leader-Post an email stating it and the
CDI "have laid the groundwork for communities to more effectively interact and
take advantage of opportunities on their own."

"In addition," the email added, "other departments are increasingly sensitive to
the issues of rural Canadians, allowing AAFC to end the Community Development
and the Co-operatives Development Initiative programs.

"Furthermore, all government departments operate with a rural lens and will
continue to play a role in supporting rural communities. AAFC will retain a
reduced policy and research function on rural issues to reflect and meet the
needs of Canadians in rural communities."

Bauer said he's heard CDI grants that have already been approved will be paid
out. Those not yet approved will languish.

He added he can remember when the provincial government itself had eight
full-time co-operative organizers, but "when they retired, they didn't get
replaced."

That's odd, according to Bauer, because the provincial co-operatives association
shares a common goal with the government: "Develop business and grow the
province."

As well, he's noticed interest from Social Services Minister June Draude in
co-operatives, particularly in meeting the province's shortage of housing.

The United Nations declared 2012 as the International Year of Co-operatives to
salute and encourage this economic sector, which worldwide has one billion
members and employs 100 million people - 20 per cent more than are employed by
the world's multinational corporations.

Nationally, there are 9,000 co-operatives with 18 million members, $330 billion
in assets and 155,000 employees.

In Saskatchewan, one of Canada's strongholds of the co-operative and credit
union movements, these enterprises have a million members - many people are
members of more than one co-operative organization - and fully one-third of the
province's top 100 businesses are co-operatives.

wchabun@leaderpost.com

LOAD-DATE: June 15, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 2012 The Star Phoenix, a division of Canwest MediaWorks Publication
                                      Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              172 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                           Ruidoso News (New Mexico)

                             March 16, 2010 Tuesday

Education Briefs

SECTION: EDUCATION; Lifestyle

LENGTH: 352 words


Community band

Several school band directors in the area have kicked off an effort to form a
community band. Gary Shaver, the band director at Ruidoso High School, DuWayne
Shaver, the band and choir director at the Capitan schools, and Bill Lamb, the
director at the Ruidoso Middle School, will split the directing duties.

Gary Shaver is urging anyone who plays a band instrument to dust it off and "get
back to it."

Orchestral stringed instruments can be included if there is interest, though the
community band will initially focus on band instruments.

Rehearsals will be held Tuesday evenings from 6 p.m. to 8 p.m. in the Ruidoso
High School band room. The first rehearsal will be on March 23.

Shaver said starting the community band would give him and others a desired
chance to play since they do not often get the opportunity.

Distance learning

USDA Rural Development State Director Terry Brunner was in Ruidoso last week to
present a $499,361 grant award to the Region IX Educational Cooperative for the
purchase of equipment to expand distance learning to schools in the Ruidoso
area.

During the presentation ceremonies Brunner said, "President Obama and USDA Rural
Development are working to ensure that rural New Mexico has access to a full
range of educational opportunities through modern technology."

Brunner added, "The funding we have obligated to the Region IX Educational
Cooperative will deliver those opportunities by expanding telecommunications,
educational re-sources and computer networks in the Ruidoso area."

By expanding the second phase of the cooperative's distance learning system the
program will connect two high schools and five middle schools with Eastern New
Mexico University.

The money will extend video-conferencing and provide high definition technology
in this remote three-county region. The funding is provided through USDA Rural
Development's Distance Learning and Telemedicine Program (DLT).

The DLT Grant Pro-gram provides access to education, training and health care
resources in rural areas. Funding is contingent upon the recipient meeting the
conditions of the grant agreement.

LOAD-DATE: October 21, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2010 Ruidoso News, a MediaNews Group Newspaper
                              All Rights Reserved


                              173 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                Himalayan Times

                           September 19, 2016 Monday

World Bank's Nepal boss lauds Rupandehi farmers

BYLINE: THT Online

LENGTH: 326  words


KATHMANDU: The World Bank's Nepal Country Manager Takuya Kamata recently visited
Rupandehi district of western Nepal to interact with commercial fish farmers
there.

The top official interacted with grant recipients of the Project for Agriculture
Commercialisation and Trade (PACT), a project the government has been running in
the Bank's financial assistance since 2009.

On Friday, September 16, Kamata visited a fish production, processing and market
management sub-project run by the Jaldevi Agriculture Cooperative in
Dayanagar-9.

"I appreciate the cooperative's initiatives to increase the income of its
members with fish farming in this rural area," he told the farmers. The official
also requested them to increase production and earn more.

Out of Rs 9.2 million budget allocated for this sub-project, Rs 4.3 million
would be the PACT grant and remaining amount would be managed by the grant
recipients.

"PACT has already released Rs 1.8 million to the sub-project till now," informed
Ganesh Bahadur Shahi, Chairperson of the cooperative.

The ponds of the cooperative cover a total land area of 206 hectares, after it
added six more hectares to already existing 200 hectares after beginning of the
sub-project.

As many as 4.5 tonnes of fish can be produced in a hectare generally and a
kilogram of fish fetches around Rs 245.

The cooperative has also installed an ice production plant for packaging of fish
during transportation to the market in various places including Kathmandu and
Pokhara.

"Our aim is to control the import of fish from India," said Shahi.

The World Bank experts and officials including Senior Rural Development expert
Purna Chhetri and Monitoring Officer Karishma Wasti; PACT Director Indrakanta
Jha, Senior Monitoring and Evaluation Officer Yam Kumar Shrestha among others
were also included in the monitoring team.

Meanwhile, Kamata also visited a seed storage house operated with an assistance
from the IWRMP project in Motipur of Rupandehi.

LOAD-DATE: September 20, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


           Copyright 2016 Himalayan Times, distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              174 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                      Kiowa County Press (Eads, Colorado)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                October 16, 2009

USDA Seeks Applications for Value Added Producer Grants

BYLINE: Amy Mund

LENGTH: 416  words


Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack announced that USDA is accepting applications
for grants to assist agricultural producers seeking to add value to the
commodities they produce. About $18 million will be awarded in competitive
grants nationwide through the Value Added Producer Grant Program (VAPG). "These
grants strengthen rural economies and create jobs by helping farmers and
ranchers add value to their agricultural products by using them for planning
activities such as feasibility studies, marketing and business plans, or for
working capital," Vilsack said. "This program also supports President Obama's
goal to expand our nation's renewable energy resources by helping farmers
develop renewable energy from agricultural products."

For example, last year in Colorado, the Family Farmers Seed Cooperative was
awarded a $120,000 VAPG to develop a premium national market for specialty
organic seeds and to launch Family Farmers Seed Cooperative as a 100%
producer-owned business. This funding helped recipients capture a significant
and time-sensitive market opportunity for organized seed producer groups
throughout

Colorado.

USDA plans to award planning grants of up to $100,000 and working capital grants
of up to $300,000 to successful applicants. Applicants are encouraged to propose
projects that use existing agricultural products in non-traditional ways or
merge agricultural products with technology in creative ways. Businesses of all
sizes may apply, but priority will be given to operators of small and
medium-sized family farms - those with average, annual gross sales of less than
$700,000. The competitive grants to be awarded under this notice are part of
USDA Rural Development's annual budget and are not funded through the American
Recovery and Reinvestment Act of 2009.

Applicants must provide matching funds equal to the amount of the grant
requested. Ten percent of the funding being made available is reserved for
beginning farmers or ranchers and socially disadvantaged farmers or ranchers. An
additional 10 percent is reserved for projects involving local and regional
supply networks that link independent producers with businesses and cooperatives
that market value-added products. Paper and electronic applications for Colorado
projects must be submitted to the Lakewood Rural Development State Office, 655
Parfet Street, Room E-100, Lakewood, CO 80215 no later than close of business
November 30, 2009. Electronic applications must be submitted through www.Grants.
gov.

LOAD-DATE: January 15, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Agriculture

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: KWA

                      Copyright 2009 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                       Copyright 2009 Kiowa County Press


                              175 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       The Oklahoman (Oklahoma City, OK)

                             May 15, 2010 Saturday
                                  City Edition

Q&A WITH KATHLEEN MERRIGAN ;
USDA is making an effort to preserve rural economies

BYLINE: SUSAN SIMPSON, Business Writer <br> ssimpson@opubco.com

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. 4B

LENGTH: 498 words

DATELINE: KINGFISHER


KINGFISHER - Kathleen Merrigan, deputy secretary of the U.S. Department of
Agriculture, was in Oklahoma on Thursday to announce recipients of economic
development loans and grants.

She spoke at the Pioneer Telephone Cooperative, which was awarded a $1.81
million loan and $1.78 million grant to build a fixed-wireless broadband network
extending from Kansas to the Texas border along the western edge of the state.
The cooperative also was awarded a $91,320 grant to establish a revolving loan
fund and provide a no-interest loan to Kingfisher Regional Hospital. The
hospital will buy equipment and furniture for a rehabilitation and specialty
clinic, which is under construction.

Merrigan spoke to The Oklahoman by phone while she was in Oklahoma. Here is an
edited transcription of the conversation.

Q: How was your presentation in Kingfisher? Did the weather cooperate?

A: It was a terrific, great event. People thanked me for bringing good weather.

We got some demonstrations of the work today. We talked about how important
broadband is to rural America. We also talked about job creation and economic
opportunity that comes from broadband access.

We also announced another Oklahoma grant, to Choctaw Electric Cooperative. We
are providing a $200,000 loan to renovate the Hugo Rodeo Arena and Agriplex
building.

Q: Your trip also includes a visit to a Will Rogers Elementary School in
Shawnee. Why?

A: We're going to talk about what's being done to improve childhood nutrition
around the county, Congress' new childhood nutrition act, and the Women Infants
and Children program; how important that is. Farm to School programs are
providing opportunities to our farmers and ranchers.

We have this problem of a disappearing middle in American agriculture. Those are
growers in the sales category above $10,000 but less than $500,000. What we've
seen is many, many people in that category are unable to survive right now.
Among strategies of the USDA is to figure out a way of building local and
regional food systems to undergird their economies.

Q: What about the aging of farmers and ranchers?

A: This is the biggest crisis on the horizon. The average age of farmers and
ranchers is 57. In some cases they are not sure who they are going to turn the
farm over to.

Some people don't see a positive future. They don't see opportunity in rural
America. That's why we spend time talking about revitalizing rural America so
young people will want to come back to those communities, those farms and
ranches.

Q: What's been the impact of the economic recession on family farms?

A: We've had a horrific year in the past year in dairy. People are just losing
their shirts. Pork had a very tough year, particularly because of H1N1 and
people's misunderstanding of the safety of pork.

There's also been a tightening of credit that's affected the farm community. Our
farm credit portfolio programs are stressed because of it. Farmers have been
hit. They are not immune to the economic downturn.

LOAD-DATE: May 18, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Kathleen Merrigan
Deputy Ag secretary

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2010 The Oklahoman, All Rights Reserved


                              176 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       The Oklahoman (Oklahoma City, OK)

                             May 15, 2010 Saturday
                                  City Edition

Q&A WITH KATHLEEN MERRIGAN ;
USDA is making an effort to preserve rural economies

BYLINE: SUSAN SIMPSON, Business Writer <br> ssimpson@opubco.com

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. 4B

LENGTH: 498 words

DATELINE: KINGFISHER


KINGFISHER - Kathleen Merrigan, deputy secretary of the U.S. Department of
Agriculture, was in Oklahoma on Thursday to announce recipients of economic
development loans and grants.

She spoke at the Pioneer Telephone Cooperative, which was awarded a $1.81
million loan and $1.78 million grant to build a fixed-wireless broadband network
extending from Kansas to the Texas border along the western edge of the state.
The cooperative also was awarded a $91,320 grant to establish a revolving loan
fund and provide a no-interest loan to Kingfisher Regional Hospital. The
hospital will buy equipment and furniture for a rehabilitation and specialty
clinic, which is under construction.

Merrigan spoke to The Oklahoman by phone while she was in Oklahoma. Here is an
edited transcription of the conversation.

Q: How was your presentation in Kingfisher? Did the weather cooperate?

A: It was a terrific, great event. People thanked me for bringing good weather.

We got some demonstrations of the work today. We talked about how important
broadband is to rural America. We also talked about job creation and economic
opportunity that comes from broadband access.

We also announced another Oklahoma grant, to Choctaw Electric Cooperative. We
are providing a $200,000 loan to renovate the Hugo Rodeo Arena and Agriplex
building.

Q: Your trip also includes a visit to a Will Rogers Elementary School in
Shawnee. Why?

A: We're going to talk about what's being done to improve childhood nutrition
around the county, Congress' new childhood nutrition act, and the Women Infants
and Children program; how important that is. Farm to School programs are
providing opportunities to our farmers and ranchers.

We have this problem of a disappearing middle in American agriculture. Those are
growers in the sales category above $10,000 but less than $500,000. What we've
seen is many, many people in that category are unable to survive right now.
Among strategies of the USDA is to figure out a way of building local and
regional food systems to undergird their economies.

Q: What about the aging of farmers and ranchers?

A: This is the biggest crisis on the horizon. The average age of farmers and
ranchers is 57. In some cases they are not sure who they are going to turn the
farm over to.

Some people don't see a positive future. They don't see opportunity in rural
America. That's why we spend time talking about revitalizing rural America so
young people will want to come back to those communities, those farms and
ranches.

Q: What's been the impact of the economic recession on family farms?

A: We've had a horrific year in the past year in dairy. People are just losing
their shirts. Pork had a very tough year, particularly because of H1N1 and
people's misunderstanding of the safety of pork.

There's also been a tightening of credit that's affected the farm community. Our
farm credit portfolio programs are stressed because of it. Farmers have been
hit. They are not immune to the economic downturn.

LOAD-DATE: May 28, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Kathleen Merrigan
Deputy Ag secretary

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2010 The Oklahoman, All Rights Reserved


                              177 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                        Western Morning News (Plymouth)

                                January 23, 2002

Strength in partnership as co-operative launches

SECTION: NEWS: BUSINESS, Pg.3

LENGTH: 599 words


Mark Clough found out about a new one-stop shop for Devon farmers

FARMERS will tonight be urged to join a new co-operative venture.

Exmoor Farm Services is being set up to act as a "one-stop shop" to help farmers
in North Devon meet their needs for farm supplies, machinery hire, skilled
operators and training.

Already the organisation has been successful in securing a substantial grant
under the England Rural Development Programme, which is backed by the Department
of the Environment, Food and Rural Affairs and the European Agricultural
Guidance and Guarantee Fund.

The aim of tonight's meeting, which starts at 7.30pm at the Barnstaple Hotel, in
Braunton Road, Barnstaple, is to encourage as many farmers as possible to sign
up for the new non-profit making venture, which organisers believe will offer
benefits in a way that has not been available to farmers in the North Devon area
before.

The co-operative, which already has 50 signed-up members, was the brainchild of
agricultural contractor Richard Barrow, who runs A and B Contractors at Porte
PORTE Farm, Kentisbury Ford, near Combe Martin.

He was hoping to obtain a grant to buy machinery for a co-operative, but the
DEFRA response was that although it liked the idea of co-operatives, it did not
want to give a grant for capital purchases.

The result is that Richard, who is the new co-operative's managing director, and
a group of like-minded farmers, hit upon the idea of using a grant to set up a
co-operative.

South Molton-based accountancy firm Davisons helped them through the application
maze.

"The 50 per cent matched funding grant, which is paid three months in arrears,
is being used to set up the office with the computer system and specialist
software and other costs associated with setting it up. We have also had to
employ three people straight away to get this up and running," he said.

Richard and his colleagues examined similar set-ups in other parts of the
country, including the successful Severn-Wye rural services network in
Herefordshire.

"Our aim is to set up a data base of suppliers and farmers so we can match the
suppliers with the farmers and get the best deals for the farmers because we'll
be buying in bulk," he said.

"There is a shortage of labour in farming so we'll be running a labour bureau
with a wide database of labour skills and services ranging from relief milking
to farm repairs."

The co-operative's initial aims will include buying fertiliser, seed, feed,
fuel, agricultural chemicals and helping with insurance, financial services and
training.

"Nobody has ever attempted anything like this round here, but if you go to
almost anywhere else in the country you see organisations like this," he said.

The important thing for the co-operative will be for farmers to realise that
there is strength in numbers.

"The more people we get to join the better. Because nothing like this has been
done round here before people can be a bit sceptical, but we have already had
lots of interest," said Richard.

Chairman of the new co-operative will be farmer Brian Dallyn from Parracombe.

"Post-foot and mouth disease, things are never going to be the same for farmers
again," he said.

"Farmers tend to be very independent people, but they have to change the habits
of a lifetime and learn to co-operate.

"All the signs from farmers' leaders are that farmers have to work together."

- Further details on Exmoor Farm Services can be obtained from Richard Barrow on
01271 882860.

RICHARD BARROW:'We can match the suppliers with the farmers and get the best
deals'

LOAD-DATE: January 24, 2002

LANGUAGE: English

                      Copyright 2002 Western Morning News


                              178 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                    The Daily Globe (Worthington, Minnesota)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           December 24, 2013 Tuesday

Rural Energy for America Program grants awarded

BYLINE: The Daily Globe, Worthington, Minn.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 503 words


Dec. 24--ST. PAUL -- One hundred rural small business and agriculture producers
in Minnesota were assisted by funding through USDA Rural Development's Rural
Energy for America Program (REAP) in 2013. Funding for 75 of these projects was
recently announced by Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack.

The 2013 REAP funding will provide $2.3 million to Minnesota-based rural small
businesses and farmers who will then leverage personal funds and other
incentives to construct $10 million worth of projects throughout the state. The
total number of projects funded and total dollars awarded represent the second
highest in the nation and reflect Minnesota's continued success in securing REAP
funds for the state's applicants.

Authorized by the now-expired 2008 Farm Bill, REAP helps rural small businesses
and agriculture producers by providing a 25 percent cost-share grant for the
construction of a renewable energy system or to make energy efficient
improvements to existing equipment. The average grant per project was $23,350,
however, projects ranged from a $4,000 energy-efficient lighting grant to
$385,000 for a large solar array. Additional recipients include the installation
of small solar, geothermal heating systems, small wind turbines, efficient grain
dryers and other building improvements that will help conserve energy. The total
amount of energy saved and generated from the 100 projects equals the annual
electric usage of about 1,200 residents.

In this area, grant recipients included: Tyson Anderson, Cottonwood County,
$20,000 for a geothermal project; Bill Brant, Jackson County, $9,996 for a
geothermal project; Loren Christiansen, Murray County, $12,468 for a grain
dryer; Colonial Cleaners, Nobles County, $10,510 for energy efficient building
and equipment improvements; Elite Mechanical Systems LLC, Cottonwood County,
$11,500 for a geothermal project; Farmers Cooperative Oil Association,
Cottonwood County, $21,395 for a flexible fuel pump; Federated Rural Electric,
Jackson County, $10,588 for a geothermal project; Mark Gervais, Murray County,
$10,686 for a geothermal project; Thomas Glaser, Jackson County, $5,167 for a
geothermal project; Andy Henning, Nobles County, $8,701 for a geothermal
project; Geoffrey Johnson, Cottonwood County, $48,625 for a grain dryer; Jubilee
Fruits and Vegetables, Cottonwood County, $23,344 for a geothermal/
solar/biomass hybrid project; Wesley Kroeker, Cottonwood County, $9,650 for a
solar PV array project; George Olsem, Jackson County, $8,279 for a geothermal
project; RD Miller Farms LLP, Murray County, $19,887 for a grain dryer project;
Rodney Schulze, Pipestone County, $8,586 for a geothermal project; John
Soderholm, Nobles County, $27,090 for a geothermal project; Son-D-Farms, Inc.,
Nobles County, $10,886 for a geothermal project and $7,938 for energy efficient
building and equipment improvements.

___ (c)2013 The Daily Globe (Worthington, Minn.) Visit The Daily Globe
(Worthington, Minn.) at www.dglobe.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: December 24, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20131224-QG-Rural-Energy-for-America-Program-grants
-awarded-1224-20131224

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: QG


                         Copyright 2013 The Daily Globe


                              179 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                  Public Opinion (Chambersburg, Pennsylvania)

                             October 9, 2016 Sunday
                                   1 Edition

Board will help connect employers, job seekers

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. A13

LENGTH: 545 words


A new Franklin County job board will make it easier for employers and job
seekers to find each other.

The Greater Chambersburg Chamber Foundation launched FranklinCountyWorks.com, a
site that will feature a local job board, resume bank and information about
leadership training programs. All the jobs are local and all job seekers
visiting will ideally being looking to work in south central Pennsylvania.

FranklinCountyWorks.com was originally launched in 2011 with the job board
component added in 2012. In 2015, the site was temporarily taken down due to
maintenance issues with the website platform. Since then, the foundation has
worked with Cross & Crown to build a completely new website design using an
updated platform for long-term sustainability. The new site launched earlier
this fall.

Scotland Podiatry becomes Summit Podiatry

EScotland Podiatry officially joined the Summit Health network of providers as
Summit Podiatry on Oct. 1. The practice will continue treat conditions affecting
the foot and ankle, as well as surgery when needed. To learn more about Summit
Podiatry, including hours of operation and how to make an appointment, call
717-264-5211 or visit SummitHealth.org/podiatry.

Royer's Flowers hosting children's book drive

From Oct. 22-Nov. 5 Royer's Flowers and Gifts' will hold its annual children's
book drive to benefit area public libraries.

In its first 10 years "Bouqets for Books" has collected more than 15,000 books.
This year for each book they donate, donors will receive a free bouqet, up to
three per family visit. Used books will not be accepted. For more information,
including library wish lists, visit royers.com/bouqetsforbooks.

WCVFRA launches volunteer recruitment, education website

The Washington County Volunteer Fire and Rescue Association has launched a new
website at www.WillYouAnswerTheCall.com.

This site was designed to better equip local non-profit organizations with the
ability to fill the needs in our community. The organization previously had a
website that was not mobile responsive and did not feature their social media
feeds.This website gives the WCVFRA a better tool to reach the community and to
educate the public about the volunteering opportunities that exist in the fire
and rescue services.

USDA Rural Development recognizes Keystone Development Center'

On Oct. , the Keystone Development Center at the Tuscarora Organic Growers
Cooperative in Hustontown, was recognized by the United States Department of
Agriculture for their support of cooperatives, which have had a positive impact
on the economy in Southern Pennsylvania.

October is National Co-op Month in the United States, and this year's theme is "
Cooperatives Build." As a result of their recognition, the United States
Department of Agriculture is awarding grant funding to Keystone Development
Center Incorporated, based out of Lancaster County. This funding comes from the
Rural Development agency of the USDA, and comes in the form of a $200,000 Rural
Cooperative Development Grant. These funds will be used to provide technical
assistance to new and developing cooperatives, including a composting
cooperative, shell-fish growers, and a community investment cooperative that
will aggregate capital for investment in renewable energy projects.

LOAD-DATE: October 10, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: cpo


                         Copyright 2016 Public Opinion
                              All Rights Reserved


                              180 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           October 12, 2013 Saturday

Utah: CHS Foundation Grants

LENGTH: 245  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Sponsor  CHS Foundation
Deadlines  Applications accepted on an ongoing basis
Contact

Phone: 800.814.0506
Email: info@chsfoundation.org
Purpose

CHS Foundation Grants are awarded to projects and programs working in the
following areas:

Rural Youth Leadership Development: Supports established programs that foster
leadership development among rural youth, such as FFA, 4-H, Ag in the Classroom
and Junior Achievement.
    Cooperative education: Supports cooperative education through a variety of
programs.
    Returning Value to Rural Communities: Supports programs that build
leadership capacity in rural America through adult education and leadership
initiatives. Open to innovative and collaborative approaches to address emerging
issues and opportunities in rural communities.
    Farm and Agriculture Safety: Supports education programs that help keep farm
families, children, and agribusiness professionals safe.

Eligibility

National organizations are eligible. State or regional organizations are most
likely to be funded in the following states: Colorado, Idaho, Illinois, Indiana,
Iowa, Kansas, Michigan, Minnesota, Missouri, Montana, Nebraska, North Dakota,
Ohio, Oklahoma, Oregon, South Dakota, Texas, Utah, Washington, Wisconsin, and
Wyoming.
Geographic
coverage  Nationwide
Amount of
funding

No amount specified.

For further information please visit: http://www.raconline.org/

LOAD-DATE: October 12, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              181 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           September 24, 2013 Tuesday

Utah: CHS Foundation Grants

LENGTH: 245  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Sponsor  CHS Foundation
Deadlines  Applications accepted on an ongoing basis
Contact

Phone: 800.814.0506
Email: info@chsfoundation.org
Purpose

CHS Foundation Grants are awarded to projects and programs working in the
following areas:

Rural Youth Leadership Development: Supports established programs that foster
leadership development among rural youth, such as FFA, 4-H, Ag in the Classroom
and Junior Achievement.
    Cooperative education: Supports cooperative education through a variety of
programs.
    Returning Value to Rural Communities: Supports programs that build
leadership capacity in rural America through adult education and leadership
initiatives. Open to innovative and collaborative approaches to address emerging
issues and opportunities in rural communities.
    Farm and Agriculture Safety: Supports education programs that help keep farm
families, children, and agribusiness professionals safe.

Eligibility

National organizations are eligible. State or regional organizations are most
likely to be funded in the following states: Colorado, Idaho, Illinois, Indiana,
Iowa, Kansas, Michigan, Minnesota, Missouri, Montana, Nebraska, North Dakota,
Ohio, Oklahoma, Oregon, South Dakota, Texas, Utah, Washington, Wisconsin, and
Wyoming.
Geographic
coverage  Nationwide
Amount of
funding

No amount specified.

For further information please visit: http://www.raconline.org/

LOAD-DATE: September 24, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              182 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                     Charleston Daily Mail (West Virginia)

                            January 7, 2011, Friday

Citynet leaders cite Va. example;
CEO of nonprofit brought to Charleston to discuss broadband

BYLINE: GEORGE HOHMANN, DAILY MAIL BUSINESS EDITOR

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. P1C

LENGTH: 834 words


The leaders of Citynet, who believe West Virginia is deploying broadband the
wrong way, say a Virginia nonprofit is doing it right.

Citynet president and chief executive officer Jim Martin has brought Tad Deriso
to Charleston for several days of meetings with members of the administration of
acting Gov. Earl Ray Tomblin and political and business leaders.

Deriso is president and chief executive officer of the Mid-Atlantic Broadband
Cooperative. The non-profit cooperative was established in 2003 to promote
economic development in rural southern Virginia by deploying a world-class
fiber-optic backbone network.

Before the cooperative was formed, the shift of the textile and furniture
industries to other countries and the downsizing of the tobacco industry had hit
southern Virginia's economy hard.

"We talked to economic development professionals and they said, 'When we talk to
anybody who needs technology they say they want to locate in the area, they like
the taxes, work force and location, but they would have to pay way too much for
broadband in rural Virginia, compared to northern Virginia,'" Deriso said.
"Pricing was 80 times more than what you would pay in a major metropolitan
area."

The state formed the Virginia Tobacco Commission and funded it with a portion of
the money it received from the master tobacco settlement. It directed the
commission to promote economic development in southern Virginia.

Leaders of the region decided that the way to control their own destiny was by
improving the region's infrastructure, Deriso said. "But how to do it? The state
was barred by law from getting into the telecommunications business. They
decided to form a cooperative. The Tobacco Commission decided to fund the
concept."

The cooperative got going after it won a $6 million federal Commerce Department
grant, which was matched by the Tobacco Commission. To date, the cooperative has
received several additional grants and has invested about $50 million. It has
built an 800-mile fiber optic network that connects southern Virginia to the
Internet backbone in northern Virginia and Atlanta.

The cooperative doesn't provide any retail services. The member-owners do that.
Member-owners include big companies like Verizon, Comcast and Level 3
Communications and small, local companies like farmer Dennis Hunt's Guaranteed
Network Services.

"Our initial goal was to build our network to every industrial park in the
region," Deriso said. Each of the region's 60 business and industrial parks has
since been re-branded as a "GigaPark." As the network was extended to each park,
"we built access points when we passed a school, a tower, or other
telecommunications providers."

Southern Virginia has scored several recent major economic development victories
because of the availability of low-cost, world-class broadband, Deriso said. One
example: In August, Gov. Bob McDonnell announced that Microsoft would build its
Next Generation Data Center at the Boydton GigaPark in Mecklenburg County.

Deriso said the Mid-Atlantic Broadband Cooperative has been cash flow positive
since December 2007 and can sustain itself over the long term.

Mike Friloux, Citynet's executive vice president of business development, said
he is convinced the non-profit, cooperative model "is the solution rural markets
are going to require," because for-profit companies cannot justify making big
investments in sparsely populated rural areas.

"What Tad has done in southern Virginia is an incredible example of how this can
work," Friloux said. "He's built a middle-mile system, brought the cost down,
and shown how to overcome the investment cost barrier. This is the exact
approach we've been pushing for in West Virginia.

"Look across the country and you will see others adopting this middle-mile
solution," he said. "I think this is the future of rural middle-market
broadband."

Citynet's Martin is an outspoken critic of the way the state plans to spend a
$126 million federal stimulus grant to deploy broadband. The state's project
will connect 1,064 community anchors like libraries and government offices. It
will use Frontier Communications Corp., the state's telecommunications provider,
to build the connections.

Martin contends the project will only benefit Frontier Communications because,
once connected, state agencies and anyone else who wants to connect to
Frontier's network will have to pay Frontier's going rates.

Frontier has repeatedly said it will abide by all of the federal requirements
and the state's contract to fulfill the goals established by the federal
government.

Martin said that following the Dec. 15 meeting of the West Virginia Broadband
Council, "I realized we had a little bit of a hurdle in educating people about
what middle mile is. We're just trying to do the right thing for the state. It's
a new year. Some people are starting to listen. Maybe the controversy will go
away and we'll work toward some real solutions."

Contact writer George Hohmann at business@dailymail.com or 304-348-4836.

LOAD-DATE: January 7, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2011 Charleston Newspapers


                              183 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                              May 20, 2014 Tuesday

Utah: CHS Foundation Grants

LENGTH: 245  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Sponsor  CHS Foundation
Deadlines  Applications accepted on an ongoing basis
Contact

Phone: 800.814.0506
Email: info@chsfoundation.org
Purpose

CHS Foundation Grants are awarded to projects and programs working in the
following areas:

Rural Youth Leadership Development: Supports established programs that foster
leadership development among rural youth, such as FFA, 4-H, Ag in the Classroom
and Junior Achievement.
    Cooperative education: Supports cooperative education through a variety of
programs.
    Returning Value to Rural Communities: Supports programs that build
leadership capacity in rural America through adult education and leadership
initiatives. Open to innovative and collaborative approaches to address emerging
issues and opportunities in rural communities.
    Farm and Agriculture Safety: Supports education programs that help keep farm
families, children, and agribusiness professionals safe.

Eligibility

National organizations are eligible. State or regional organizations are most
likely to be funded in the following states: Colorado, Idaho, Illinois, Indiana,
Iowa, Kansas, Michigan, Minnesota, Missouri, Montana, Nebraska, North Dakota,
Ohio, Oklahoma, Oregon, South Dakota, Texas, Utah, Washington, Wisconsin, and
Wyoming.
Geographic
coverage  Nationwide
Amount of
funding

No amount specified.

For further information please visit: http://www.raconline.org/

LOAD-DATE: May 21, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              184 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            August 13, 2013 Tuesday

Utah: CHS Foundation Grants

LENGTH: 245  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Sponsor  CHS Foundation
Deadlines  Applications accepted on an ongoing basis
Contact

Phone: 800.814.0506
Email: info@chsfoundation.org
Purpose

CHS Foundation Grants are awarded to projects and programs working in the
following areas:

Rural Youth Leadership Development: Supports established programs that foster
leadership development among rural youth, such as FFA, 4-H, Ag in the Classroom
and Junior Achievement.
    Cooperative education: Supports cooperative education through a variety of
programs.
    Returning Value to Rural Communities: Supports programs that build
leadership capacity in rural America through adult education and leadership
initiatives. Open to innovative and collaborative approaches to address emerging
issues and opportunities in rural communities.
    Farm and Agriculture Safety: Supports education programs that help keep farm
families, children, and agribusiness professionals safe.

Eligibility

National organizations are eligible. State or regional organizations are most
likely to be funded in the following states: Colorado, Idaho, Illinois, Indiana,
Iowa, Kansas, Michigan, Minnesota, Missouri, Montana, Nebraska, North Dakota,
Ohio, Oklahoma, Oregon, South Dakota, Texas, Utah, Washington, Wisconsin, and
Wyoming.
Geographic
coverage  Nationwide
Amount of
funding

No amount specified.

For further information please visit: http://www.raconline.org/

LOAD-DATE: August 13, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              185 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            August 7, 2013 Wednesday

Utah: CHS Foundation Grants

LENGTH: 245  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Sponsor  CHS Foundation
Deadlines  Applications accepted on an ongoing basis
Contact

Phone: 800.814.0506
Email: info@chsfoundation.org
Purpose

CHS Foundation Grants are awarded to projects and programs working in the
following areas:

Rural Youth Leadership Development: Supports established programs that foster
leadership development among rural youth, such as FFA, 4-H, Ag in the Classroom
and Junior Achievement.
    Cooperative education: Supports cooperative education through a variety of
programs.
    Returning Value to Rural Communities: Supports programs that build
leadership capacity in rural America through adult education and leadership
initiatives. Open to innovative and collaborative approaches to address emerging
issues and opportunities in rural communities.
    Farm and Agriculture Safety: Supports education programs that help keep farm
families, children, and agribusiness professionals safe.

Eligibility

National organizations are eligible. State or regional organizations are most
likely to be funded in the following states: Colorado, Idaho, Illinois, Indiana,
Iowa, Kansas, Michigan, Minnesota, Missouri, Montana, Nebraska, North Dakota,
Ohio, Oklahoma, Oregon, South Dakota, Texas, Utah, Washington, Wisconsin, and
Wyoming.
Geographic
coverage  Nationwide
Amount of
funding

No amount specified.

For further information please visit: http://www.raconline.org/

LOAD-DATE: August 8, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              186 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            July 31, 2013 Wednesday

Request for Revision of a Currently Approved Information Collection

LENGTH: 659  words

DATELINE: Washington


Office of the Federal Register has issued the following notice:


Action

Notice; Proposed Collection; Comments Requested.
Summary

In accordance with the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995, this notice announces
the Rural Business-Cooperative Service's intention to request an extension for a
currently approved information collection in support of the Rural Economic
Development Loan and Grant Program.

Table of Contents Back to Top

DATES:
    FOR FURTHER INFORMATION CONTACT:
    SUPPLEMENTARY INFORMATION:

DATES: Back to Top

Comments on this notice must be received by September 30, 2013, to be assured of
consideration.
FOR FURTHER INFORMATION CONTACT: Back to Top

Director, Specialty Programs Division, Rural Business-Cooperative Service, U.S.
Department of Agriculture, STOP 3226, 1400 Independence Ave. SW., Washington, DC
20250-3225, Telephone (202) 720-1400.
SUPPLEMENTARY INFORMATION: Back to Top

Title: Rural Economic Development Loan and Grant Program.

OMB Number: 0570-0035.

Expiration Date of Approval: December 31, 2013.

Type of Request: Revision of a currently approved information collection.

Abstract: Under this program, loans and grants are provided to electric and
telecommunications utilities that have borrowed funds from the Agency. The
purpose of the program is to encourage these electric and telecommunications
utilities to promote rural economic development and job creation projects such
as business start-up costs, business expansion, community development, and
business incubator projects. The utilities must use program loan funds to make a
pass-through loan to an ultimate recipient such as a business. The utility is
responsible for fully repaying its loan to the government even if the ultimate
recipient does not repay its loan. The intermediary must use program grant
funds, along with its required contribution, to create a revolving loan fund
that the utility will operate and administer. Loans to the ultimate recipient
are made from the revolving loan fund for a variety of community development
projects. The information requested is necessary and vital in order for the
Agency to be able to make prudent and financial analysis decisions.

Estimate of Burden: Public reporting burden for this collection of information
is estimated to average 2 hours per response.

Respondents: Rural Utilities Service Electric and Telecommunications Borrowers.

Estimated Number of Respondents: 120.

Estimated Number of Responses per Respondent: 17.

Estimated Number of Responses: 1,955.

Estimated Total Annual Burden on Respondents: 4,545.

Copies of this information collection can be obtained from Jeanne Jacobs,
Regulations and Paperwork Management Branch, Support Services Division at (202)
692-0040.

Comments: Comments are invited on: (a) Whether the proposed collection of
information is necessary for the proper performance of the functions of USDA,
including whether the information will have practical utility; (b) the accuracy
of USDA's estimate of the burden of the proposed collection of information
including the validity of the methodology and assumptions used; (c) ways to
enhance the quality, utility and clarity of the information to be collected; and
(d) ways to minimize the burden of the collection of information on those who
are to respond, including through the use of appropriate automated, electronic,
mechanical, or other technological collection techniques or other forms of
information technology. Comments may be sent to Jeanne Jacobs, Regulations and
Paperwork Management Branch, Support Services Division, U.S. Department of
Agriculture, Rural Development, STOP 0742, 1400 Independence Ave. SW.,
Washington, DC 20250-0742. All responses to this notice will be summarized and
included in the request for OMB approval. All comments will also become a matter
of public record.

Dated: July 22, 2013.

Ashli Palmer,

Chief of Staff, Rural Business-Cooperative Service.

For more information please visit: https://www.federalregister.gov/

LOAD-DATE: August 1, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              187 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             May 20, 2015 Wednesday

FEDERAL REGISTER: Inviting Applications for Socially-Disadvantaged Groups Grants

LENGTH: 7101  words

DATELINE: Washington


Office of the Federal Register has issued the following notice:

DEPARTMENT OF AGRICULTURE Rural Business-Cooperative Service Inviting
Applications for Socially-Disadvantaged Groups Grants AGENCY: Rural Business-
Cooperative Service, USDA. ACTION: Notice.
----------------------------------------------------------------------- SUMMARY:
The Rural Business-Cooperative Service announces the availability of $3,000,000
in competitive grant funds for the FY 2015 Socially-Disadvantaged Groups Grant
(SDGG) program, formerly known as the Small Socially-Disadvantaged Producer
Grant program, as authorized by the Consolidated and Further Continuing
Appropriations Act, 2015 (Pub. L. 113-235). We are requesting proposals from
applicants who will provide technical assistance to socially-disadvantaged
groups in rural areas. The Agency is encouraging applications that direct grants
to projects based in or serving census tracts with poverty rates greater than or
equal to 20 percent. This emphasis will support Rural Development's (RD) mission
of improving the quality of life for rural Americans and commitment to directing
resources to those who most need them. Eligible applicants include Cooperatives,
Groups of Cooperatives, and Cooperative Development Centers. DATES: Completed
applications for grants must be submitted on paper or electronically according
to the following deadlines: Paper copies must be postmarked and mailed, shipped,
or sent overnight no later than July 20, 2015. You may also hand carry your
application to one of our field offices, but it must be received by close of
business on the deadline date. Electronic copies must be received by http://www.
grants.gov no later than midnight Eastern time July 14, 2015. Late applications
are not eligible for funding under this Notice and will not be evaluated.
ADDRESSES: You should contact the USDA Rural Development State Office (State
Office) located in the State where you are headquartered if you have questions.
Contact information for State Offices can be found at:
http://www.rd.usda.gov/contact-us/state-offices. You are encouraged to contact
your State Office well in advance of the application deadline to discuss your
project and ask any questions about the application process. Program guidance as
well as application templates may be obtained at
http://www.rurdev.usda.gov/BCP_SDGG.html or by contacting your USDA Rural
Development State Office. If you want to submit an electronic application,
follow the instructions for the SDGG funding announcement located at http://www.
grants.gov. Please review the Grants.gov Web site at http://grants.
gov/applicants/organization_registration.jsp for instructions on the process of
registering your organization as soon as possible to ensure you are able to meet
the electronic application deadline. You are strongly encouraged to file your
application early and allow sufficient time to manage any technical issues that
may arise. If you want to submit a paper application, send it to the State
Office located in the State where you are headquartered. If you are
headquartered in Washington, DC, please contact the Grants Division, Cooperative
Programs, Rural Business-Cooperative Service, at (202) 690-1376 for guidance on
where to submit your application. FOR FURTHER INFORMATION CONTACT: Grants
Division, Cooperative Programs, Rural Business-Cooperative Service, United
States Department of Agriculture, 1400 Independence Avenue SW., MS 3253, Room
4208-South, Washington, DC 20250-3250, or call 202-690-1376. SUPPLEMENTARY
INFORMATION: Overview Federal Agency Name: USDA Rural Business Cooperative
Service. Funding Opportunity Title: Socially-Disadvantaged Groups Grant.
Announcement Type: Initial funding request. Catalog of Federal Domestic
Assistance Number: 10.871. Dates: Application Deadline. You must submit your
complete application by July 20, 2015, or it will not be considered for funding.
Electronic applications must be received by http://www.grants.gov no later than
midnight Eastern Time July 14, 2015, or it will not be considered for funding.
Paperwork Reduction Act In accordance with the Paperwork Reduction Act, the
paperwork burden associated with this Notice has been approved by the Office of
Management and Budget (OMB) under OMB Control Number 0570-0052. A. Program
Description The SDGG Program is authorized by 310B (e)(11) of the Consolidated
Farm and Rural Development Act (7 U.S.C. 1932 (e)(11)). The primary objective of
the SDGG program is to provide Technical Assistance to Socially-Disadvantaged
Groups. Grants are available for Cooperative Development Centers, individual
Cooperatives, or Groups of Cooperatives that serve Socially-Disadvantaged Groups
and where a majority of the boards of directors or governing board is comprised
of individuals who are members of Socially-Disadvantaged Groups. Definitions The
definitions you need to understand are as follows: Agency--Rural Business-
Cooperative Service, an agency of the United States Department of Agriculture
(USDA) Rural Development or a successor agency. Conflict of Interest--A
situation in which a person or entity has competing personal, professional, or
financial interests that make it difficult for the person or business to act
impartially. Federal procurement standards prohibit transactions that involve a
real or apparent conflict of interest for owners, employees, officers, agents,
or their immediate family members having a financial or other interest in the
outcome of the project; or that restrict open and free competition for
unrestrained trade. Specifically, project funds may not be used for services or
goods going to, or coming from, a person or entity with a real or apparent
conflict of interest, including, but not limited to, owner(s) and their
immediate family members. Examples of conflicts of interest include using grant
funds to pay a member of the applicant's board of directors to provide proposed
technical assistance to socially-disadvantaged groups; pay a cooperative member
to provide proposed technical assistance to other members of the same
cooperative; and pay an immediate family member of the applicant to provide
proposed technical assistance to socially-disadvantaged groups. Cooperative--A
business or organization owned by and operated for the benefit of those using
its services and where a majority of the board of directors or governing board
is comprised of individuals who are members of Socially-Disadvantaged Groups.
Profits and earnings generated by the cooperative are distributed among the
members, also known as user-owners. Cooperative Development Center--A nonprofit
corporation or institution of higher education operated by the grantee for
cooperative or business development and where a majority of the board of
directors or governing board is comprised of individuals who are members of
Socially-Disadvantaged [[Page 28938]] Groups. It may or may not be an
independent legal entity separate from the grantee. The Center's main objective
is to provide Technical Assistance to existing Cooperatives and to groups that
want to form Cooperatives. Feasibility Study--An analysis of the economic,
market, technical, financial, and management feasibility of a proposed Project.
Group of Cooperatives--A group of Cooperatives whose primary focus is to provide
assistance to Socially-Disadvantaged Groups and where a majority of the board of
directors or governing board is comprised of individuals who are members of
Socially-Disadvantaged Groups. Operating Cost--The day-to-day expenses of
running a business; for example: utilities, rent on the office space a business
occupies, salaries, depreciation, marketing and advertising, and other basic
overhead items. Participant Support Costs--Direct costs for items such as
stipends or subsistence allowances, travel allowances, and registration fees
paid to or on behalf of participants or trainees (but not employees) in
connection with conferences, or training projects. Project--Includes all
activities to be funded by the Socially- Disadvantaged Groups Grant. Rural and
Rural Area--Any area of a State: (1) Not in a city or town that has a population
of more than 50,000 inhabitants, according to the latest decennial census of the
United States; and (2) The contiguous and adjacent urbanized area, (3) Urbanized
areas that are rural in character as defined by 7 U.S.C. 1991 (a) (13). (4) For
the purposes of this definition, cities and towns are incorporated population
centers with definite boundaries, local self- government, and legal powers set
forth in a charter granted by the State. Notwithstanding any other provision of
this paragraph, within the areas of the County of Honolulu, Hawaii, and the
Commonwealth of Puerto Rico, the Secretary may designate any part of the areas
as a rural area if the Secretary determines that the part is not urban in
character, other than any area included in the Honolulu census designated place
(CDP) or the San Juan CDP. Rural Development--A mission area within USDA
consisting of the Office of Under Secretary for Rural Development, Rural
Business- Cooperative Services, Rural Housing Service, and Rural Utilities
Service and any successors. Socially-Disadvantaged Group--A group whose members
have been subjected to racial, ethnic, or gender prejudice because of their
identity as members of a group without regard to their individual qualities.
State--Includes each of the 50 states, the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico, the
Virgin Islands of the United States, Guam, American Samoa, the Commonwealth of
the Northern Mariana Islands, and, as may be determined by the Secretary to be
feasible, appropriate and lawful, the Federated States of Micronesia, the
Republic of the Marshall Islands and the Republic of Palau. Technical
Assistance--An advisory service performed for the benefit of a
Socially-Disadvantaged Group such as market research, product and/ or service
improvement, legal advice and assistance, Feasibility Study, business plan,
marketing plan development, and training. B. Federal Award Information Type of
Award: Competitive Grant. Fiscal Year Funds: FY 2015. Total Funding: $3,000,000.
Maximum Award: $175,000. Project Period: 1 year. Anticipated Award Date:
September 30, 2015. C. Eligibility Information Applicants must meet all of the
following eligibility requirements. Applications which fail to meet any of these
requirements by the application deadline will be deemed ineligible and will not
be evaluated further. 1. Eligible Applicants. Grants may be made to individual
Cooperatives, Groups of Cooperatives, and Cooperative Development Centers that
serve socially disadvantaged groups and where a majority of the board of
directors or governing board is comprised of individuals who are members of
Socially-Disadvantaged Groups. Federally-recognized Tribes and tribal entities
must demonstrate that they meet all definition requirements for one of the three
eligible applicant types. You must be able to verify your legal structure in the
State in which you are incorporated. Grants may not be made to public bodies or
to individuals. (a) An applicant is ineligible if they have been debarred or
suspended or otherwise excluded from or ineligible for participation in Federal
assistance programs under Executive Order 12549, ``Debarment and Suspension.''
In addition, an applicant will be considered ineligible for a grant due to an
outstanding judgment obtained by the U.S. in a Federal Court (other than U.S.
Tax Court), is delinquent on the payment of Federal income taxes, or is
delinquent on Federal debt. (b) Any corporation (i) that has been convicted of a
felony criminal violation under any Federal law within the past 24 months or
(ii) that has any unpaid Federal tax liability that has been assessed, for which
all judicial and administrative remedies have been exhausted or have lapsed, and
that is not being paid in a timely manner pursuant to an agreement with the
authority responsible for collecting the tax liability, is not eligible for
financial assistance provided with funds appropriated by the Consolidated and
Further Continuing Appropriations Act, 2015, unless a Federal agency has
considered suspension or debarment of the corporation and has made a
determination that this further action is not necessary to protect the interests
of the Government. 2. Cost Sharing or Matching. No matching funds are required.
3. Other Eligibility Requirements. Use of Funds: Your application must propose
Technical Assistance that will benefit Socially-Disadvantaged Groups. Please
review section D (6) of this Notice, ``Funding Restrictions,'' carefully.
Project Area Eligibility: The proposed Project must take place in a Rural Area
as defined in this Notice. Grant Period Eligibility: If awarded, grant funds
must be used within 12 months. Applications must have a time frame of one year
or less. Your proposed time frame should begin no earlier than the grant award
date and end no later than December 31, 2016. However, you should note that the
anticipated award date is September 30, so your proposed start date should be
after September 30, 2015. Projects must be completed within the 12-month time
frame. The Agency may approve requests to extend the grant period for up to an
additional 12 months at its discretion. Further guidance on grant period
extensions will be provided in the award document. However, you may not have
more than one active SDGG during the same grant period. If you receive another
SDGG during the next grant cycle, the first grant must be closed before funds
can be obligated for the new grant. Applications that request funds for a time
period ending after December 31, 2016, will not be considered for funding. If
you have an existing Small Socially-Disadvantaged Producer Grant award, you must
be performing satisfactorily to be considered eligible for a new SDGG award.
Satisfactory performance [[Page 28939]] includes being up-to-date on all
financial and performance reports and being current on all tasks as approved in
the work plan. The Agency will use its discretion to make this determination.
Completeness Eligibility: Your application must provide all of the information
requested in Section D (2) of this Notice. Applications lacking sufficient
information to determine eligibility and scoring will be considered ineligible.
Multiple Grant Eligibility: You may only submit one SDGG grant application each
funding cycle. D. Application and Submission Information 1. Address To Request
Application Package The application template for applying on paper for this
funding opportunity is located at http://www.rurdev.usda.gov/BCP_SDGG.html. Use
of the application template is strongly recommended to assist you with the
application process. You may also contact your USDA Rural Development State
Office for more information. Contact information for State Offices is located at
http://www.rd.usda.gov/contact-us/state-offices. You may also obtain an
application package by calling 202-690- 1376. 2. Content and Form of Application
Submission You may submit your application in paper form or electronically
through Grants.gov. Your application must contain all required information. To
submit an application electronically, you must follow the instructions for this
funding announcement at http://www.grants.gov. Please note that we cannot accept
emailed or faxed applications. You can locate the Grants.gov downloadable
application package for this program by using a keyword, the program name, or
the Catalog of Federal Domestic Assistance Number for this program. When you
enter the Grants.gov Web site, you will find information about submitting an
application electronically through the site, as well as the hours of operation.
To use Grants.gov, you must already have a DUNS number and you must also be
registered and maintain registration in SAM. We strongly recommend that you do
not wait until the application deadline date to begin the application process
through Grants.gov. You must submit all of your application documents
electronically through Grants.gov. Applications must include electronic
signatures. Original signatures may be required if funds are awarded. After
electronically submitting an application through Grants.gov, you will receive an
automatic acknowledgement from Grants.gov that contains a Grants.gov tracking
number. If you want to submit a paper application, send it to the State Office
located in the State where you are headquartered. You can find State Office
contact information at: http://www.rd.usda.gov/contact-us/state-offices. Your
application must also contain the following required forms and proposal
elements: a. Form SF-424, ``Application for Federal Assistance,'' to include
your DUNS number and SAM Commercial and Government Entity (CAGE) code and
expiration date. Because there are no specific fields for a CAGE code and
expiration date, you may identify them anywhere you want to on the form. If you
do not include the CAGE code and expiration date and the DUNS number in your
application, it will not be considered for funding. b. Form SF-424A, ``Budget
Information-Non-Construction Programs.'' This form must be completed and
submitted as part of the application package. c. Form SF-424B,
``Assurances--Non-Construction Programs.'' This form must be completed, signed,
and submitted as part of the application package. d. Form AD-3030,
``Representations Regarding Felony Conviction and Tax Delinquent Status for
Corporate Applicants,'' if you are a corporation. A corporation is any entity
that has filed articles of incorporation in one of the 50 States, the District
of Columbia, the Federated States of Micronesia, the Republic of Palau, and the
Republic of the Marshall Islands, or the various territories of the United
States including American Samoa, Guam, Midway Islands, the Commonwealth of the
Northern Mariana Islands, Puerto Rico, or the U.S. Virgin Islands. Corporations
include both for profit and non-profit entities. e. You must certify that there
are no current outstanding Federal judgments against your property and that you
will not use grant funds to pay for any judgment obtained by the United States.
To satisfy the Certification requirement, you should include this statement in
your application: ``[INSERT NAME OF APPLICANT] certifies that the United States
has not obtained an unsatisfied judgment against its property and will not use
grant funds to pay any judgments obtained by the United States.'' A separate
signature is not required. f. Table of Contents. Your application must contain a
detailed Table of Contents (TOC). The TOC must include page numbers for each
part of the application. Page numbers should begin immediately following the
TOC. g. Executive Summary. A summary of the proposal, not to exceed one page,
must briefly describe the Project, tasks to be completed, and other relevant
information that provides a general overview of the Project. h. Eligibility
Discussion. A detailed discussion, not to exceed four pages, must describe how
you meet the following requirements: (i) Applicant Eligibility. You must
describe how you meet the definition of a Cooperative, Group of Cooperatives, or
Cooperative Development Center. Your application must show that your individual
Cooperative, Group of Cooperatives or Cooperative Development Center serves
socially disadvantaged groups and a majority of the board of directors or
governing board is comprised of individuals who are members of
Socially-Disadvantaged Groups. Your application must include a list of your
board of directors/governing board and the percentage of board of
directors/governing board that are members of Socially- Disadvantaged Groups.
NOTE: Your application will not be considered for funding if you fail to show
that a majority of your board of directors/ governing board is comprised of
individuals who are members of Socially-Disadvantaged Groups. If applying as a
Cooperative or a Group of Cooperatives, you must verify your incorporation and
status in the State that you have applied by providing the State's Certificate
of Good Standing and your Articles of Incorporation. If applying as a nonprofit
corporation, you must provide evidence of your status as a nonprofit corporation
in good standing and your Articles of Incorporation. If applying as an
institution of higher education, you must qualify as an Institution of Higher
Education as defined at 20 U.S.C. 1001. You must apply as only one type of
applicant. If the requested verification documents are not included, your
application will not be considered for funding. (ii) Use of Funds. You must
provide a detailed discussion on how the proposed Project activities meet the
definition of Technical Assistance and identify the socially-disadvantaged
groups that will be assisted. (iii) Project Area. You must provide specific
information that details the [[Page 28940]] location of the Project area and
explain how the area meets the definition of ``Rural Area.'' (iv) Grant Period.
You must provide a time frame for the proposed Project and discuss how the
Project will be completed within that time frame. You must have a time frame of
one year or less. i. Scoring Criteria. Each of the scoring criteria in this
Notice must be addressed in narrative form, with a maximum of two pages for each
individual scoring criterion, unless otherwise specified. Failure to address
each scoring criteria will result in the application being determined
ineligible. j. The Agency has established annual performance evaluation measures
to evaluate the SDGG program. You must provide estimates on the following
performance evaluation measures as part of your narrative:  Number of businesses
assisted;
     Number of cooperatives assisted; and
     Number of socially disadvantaged groups assisted.

3. DUNS Number and SAM

In order to be eligible (unless you are excepted under 2 CFR
25.110(b), (c) or (d), you are required to:
    (a) Provide a valid DUNS number in your application, which can be
obtained at no cost via a toll-free request line at (866) 705-5711;
    (b) Register in SAM before submitting your application. You may
register in SAM at no cost at https://www.sam.gov/portal/public/SAM/;
and
    (c) Continue to maintain an active SAM registration with current
information at all times during which you have an active Federal award
or an application or plan under consideration by a Federal awarding
agency.
    The Agency may not make a Federal award to you until you have
complied with all applicable DUNS and SAM requirements. If you have not
fully complied with requirements by the time the Agency is ready to
make a Federal award, the Agency may determine that the applicant is
not qualified to receive a Federal award and the Agency may use this
determination as a basis for making an award to another applicant.

4. Submission Dates and Times

Application Deadline Date: July 20, 2015.
    Explanation of Deadlines: Paper applications must be postmarked and
mailed, shipped, or sent overnight by July 20, 2015. The Agency will
determine whether your application is late based on the date shown on
the postmark or shipping invoice. You may also hand carry your
application to one of our field offices, but it must be received by
close of business on the deadline date. If the due date falls on a
Saturday, Sunday, or Federal holiday, the reporting package is due the
next business day. Late applications are not eligible for funding and
will not be evaluated further.
    Electronic applications must be RECEIVED by http://www.grants.gov
by midnight Eastern time July 14, 2015, to be eligible for funding.
Please review the Grants.gov Web site at http://grants.
gov/applicants/organization_registration.jsp for instructions on the process of

registering your organization as soon as possible to ensure you are
able to meet the electronic application deadline. Grants.gov will not
accept applications submitted after the deadline.

5. Intergovernmental Review

Executive Order (EO) 12372, Intergovernmental Review of Federal
Programs, applies to this program. This EO requires that Federal
agencies provide opportunities for consultation on proposed assistance
with State and local governments. Many States have established a Single
Point of Contact (SPOC) to facilitate this consultation. A list of
States that maintain a SPOC may be obtained at http://www.whitehouse.gov/omb/
grants_spoc. If your State has a SPOC, you may
submit your application directly for review. Any comments obtained
through the SPOC must be provided to Rural Development for
consideration as part of your application. If your State has not
established a SPOC or you do not want to submit your application to the
SPOC, Rural Development will submit your application to the SPOC or
other appropriate agency or agencies.
    You are also encouraged to contact Cooperative Programs at 202-690-
1376 or cpgrants@wdc.usda.gov if you have questions about this process.

6. Funding Restrictions

Grant funds must be used for Technical Assistance. No funds made
available under this solicitation shall be used to:
    a. Plan, repair, rehabilitate, acquire, or construct a building or
facility, including a processing facility;
    b. Purchase, rent, or install fixed equipment, including processing
equipment;
    c. Purchase vehicles, including boats;
    d. Pay for the preparation of the grant application;
    e. Pay expenses not directly related to the funded Project;
    f. Fund political or lobbying activities;
    g. To fund any activities considered unallowable by the applicable
grant cost principles, including 2 CFR part 200, subpart E and the
Federal Acquisition Regulation.
    h. Fund architectural or engineering design work for a specific
physical facility;
    i. Fund any direct expenses for the production of any commodity or
product to which value will be added, including seed, rootstock, labor
for harvesting the crop, and delivery of the commodity to a processing
facility;
    j. Fund research and development;
    k. Purchase land;
    l. Duplicate current activities or activities paid for by other
funded grant programs.
    m. Pay costs of the Project incurred prior to the date of grant
approval;
    n. Pay for assistance to any private business enterprise that does
not have at least 51 percent ownership by those who are either citizens
of the United States or reside in the United States after being legally
admitted for permanent residence;
    o. Pay any judgment or debt owed to the United States;
    p. Pay any Operating Costs of the Cooperative, Group of
Cooperatives, or Cooperative Development Center not directly related to
the Project;
    q. Pay expenses for applicant employee training; or
    r. Pay for any goods or services from a person who has a Conflict
of Interest with the grantee.
    In addition, your application will not be considered for funding if
it does any of the following:
     Requests more than the maximum grant amount;
     Proposes ineligible costs that equal more than 10 percent
of total grant funds requested; or
     Proposes Participant Support Costs that equal more than 10
percent of total grant funds requested.
    We will consider your application for funding if it includes
ineligible costs of 10 percent or less of total grant funds requested,
as long as it is determined eligible otherwise. However, if your
application is successful, those ineligible costs must be removed and
replaced with eligible costs before the Agency will make the grant
award or the amount of the grant award will be reduced accordingly. If
we cannot determine the percentage of ineligible costs, your
application will not be considered for funding.

7. Other Submission Requirements

(a) You should not submit your application in more than one format.
You must choose whether to submit

[[Page 28941]]

your application in hard copy or electronically. Applications submitted
in hard copy should be mailed or hand-delivered to the State Office
located in the State where you are headquartered. You can find State
Office contact information at:
http://www.rd.usda.gov/contact-us/state-offices.your State Office. To submit an
application electronically, you
must follow the instructions for this funding announcement at http://www.grants.
gov. A password is not required to access the Web site.
    (b) National Environmental Policy Act. This NOFA has been reviewed
in accordance with 7 CFR part 1940, subpart G, ``Environmental
Program.'' We have determined that an Environmental Impact Statement is
not required because the issuance of regulations and instructions, as
well as amendments to them, describing administrative and financial
procedures for processing, approving, and implementing the Agency's
financial programs is categorically excluded in the Agency's National
Environmental Policy Act (NEPA) regulation found at 7 CFR
1940.310(e)(3) of subpart G, ``Environmental Program.'' We have
determined that this NOFA does not constitute a major Federal action
significantly affecting the quality of the human environment.
Individual awards under this NOFA are hereby classified as Categorical
Exclusions according to 7 CFR 1940.310(e), the award of financial
assistance for planning purposes, management and feasibility studies,
or environmental impact analyses, which do not require any additional
documentation.
    (c) Civil Rights Compliance Requirements. All grants made under
this Notice are subject to Title VI of the Civil Rights Act of 1964 as
required by the USDA (7 CFR part 15, subpart A) and Section 504 of the
Rehabilitation Act of 1973.

E. Application Review Information

1. Scoring Criteria

All eligible and complete applications will be evaluated based on
the following criteria. Failure to address any one of the following
criteria by the application deadline will result in the application
being determined ineligible and the application will not be considered
for funding. Evaluators will base scores only on the information
provided or cross-referenced by page number in each individual scoring
criterion. The total points possible for the criteria are 60.
    I. Technical Assistance (maximum score of 15 points). A panel of
USDA employees will evaluate your application to determine your ability
to assess the needs of Socially-Disadvantaged Groups. You must explain
why the proposed Technical Assistance is needed and provide a detailed
plan that describes your method of providing assistance. You must also
identify the expected outcomes of the proposed Technical Assistance.
    Higher points are awarded if you identify specific needs of the
Socially-Disadvantaged Groups to be assisted; clearly explain a logical
and detailed plan of assistance for addressing those needs; and discuss
realistic outcomes of planned assistance.
    II. Experience (maximum score of 15 points). A panel of USDA
employees will evaluate your length of experience for identified staff
or consultants in providing Technical Assistance, as defined in this
Notice. You must describe the specific type of Technical Assistance
experience for each identified staff member or consultant, as well as
years of experience in providing that assistance. In addition, resumes
for each individual staff member or consultant must be included as an
attachment, listing their experience for the type of Technical
Assistance proposed. The attachments will not count toward the maximum
page total. We will compare the described experience to the work plan
to determine relevance of the experience. Applications that do not
include the attached resumes will not be considered for funding.
    Higher points will be awarded if a majority of identified staff or
consultants demonstrate 5 or more years of experience in providing
relevant Technical Assistance in accordance with the work plan. Maximum
points will be awarded if all of the identified staff or consultants
demonstrate 5 or more years of experience in providing relevant
Technical Assistance.
    III. Commitment (maximum of 10 points). A panel of USDA employees
will evaluate your commitment to providing Technical Assistance to
Socially-Disadvantaged Groups in Rural Areas. You must list the number
and location of Socially-Disadvantaged Groups that will directly
benefit from the assistance provided. If you define and describe the
underserved and economically distressed areas within your service area
and provide current and relevant statistics that support your
description of the service area, you will score higher on this factor.
    IV. Work Plan/Budget (maximum of 15 points)--Four page limit. Your
work plan must provide specific and detailed descriptions of the tasks
and the key project personnel that will accomplish the project's goals.
Budget will be reviewed for completeness. You must list what tasks are
to be done, when it will be done, who will do it, and how much it will
cost. Reviewers must be able to understand what is being proposed and
how the grant funds will be spent. The budget must be a detailed
breakdown of estimated costs. These costs should be allocated to each
of the tasks to be undertaken. The amount of grant funds requested will
be reduced if the applicant does not have justification for all costs.
    A panel of USDA employees will evaluate your work plan for detailed
actions and an accompanying timetable for implementing the proposal.
Clear, logical, realistic, and efficient plans will result in a higher
score. You must discuss at a minimum:
    a. Specific tasks to be completed using grant funds;
    b. How customers will be identified;
    c. Key personnel; and
    d. The evaluation methods to be used to determine the success of
specific tasks and overall project objectives. Please provide
qualitative methods of evaluation. For example, evaluation methods
should go beyond quantitative measurements of completing surveys or
number of evaluations.
    V. Local support (maximum of 5 points). A panel of USDA employees
will evaluate your application for local support of the Technical
Assistance activities. Applicants that demonstrate strong support from
potential beneficiaries and other developmental organizations will
receive more points than those not showing such support.
    (i) 0 points are awarded if you do not address this criterion.
    (ii) 1 point is awarded if you provide 2-3 support letters that
show support from potential beneficiaries and/or support from local
organizations.
    (iii) 2 points are awarded if you provide 4-5 support letters that
show support from potential beneficiaries and/or support from local
organizations.
    (iv) 3 points are awarded if you provide 6-7 support letters that
show support from potential beneficiaries and/or support from local
organizations.
    (v) 4 points are awarded if you provide 8-9 support letters that
show support from potential beneficiaries and/or support from local
organizations.
    (vi) 5 points are awarded if you provide 10 support letters that
show support from potential beneficiaries and/or support from local
organizations.
    You may submit a maximum of 10 letters of support. Support letters
should come from potential beneficiaries and

[[Page 28942]]

other local organizations. Letters received from Technical Assistance
providers and Congressional members will not be included in the count
of support letters received. Support letters should be included as an
attachment to the application and will not count against the maximum
page total. Additional letters from industry groups, commodity groups,
Congressional members, and similar organizations should be referenced,
but not included in the application package. When referencing these
letters, provide the name of the organization, date of the letter, the
nature of the support, and the name and title of the person signing the
letter.

2. Review and Selection Process

The State Offices will review applications to determine if they are
eligible for assistance based on requirements in this Notice, and other
applicable Federal regulations. If determined eligible, your
application will be scored by a panel of USDA employees in accordance
with the point allocation specified in this Notice. The panel will
consist of USDA employees with expertise in providing Technical
Assistance to Socially-Disadvantaged Groups. The review panel will
convene to reach a consensus on the scores for each of the eligible
applications. A recommendation will be submitted to the Administrator
to fund applications in highest ranking order. Applications that cannot
be fully funded may be offered partial funding at the Agency's
discretion. If your application is ranked and not funded, it will not
be carried forward into the next competition.

F. Federal Award Administration Information

1. Federal Award Notices

If you are selected for funding, you will receive a signed notice
of Federal award by postal mail, containing instructions on
requirements necessary to proceed with execution and performance of the
award.
    If you are not selected for funding, you will be notified in
writing via postal mail and informed of any review and appeal rights.
Funding of successfully appealed applications will be limited to
available FY 2015 funding.

2. Administrative and National Policy Requirements

Additional requirements that apply to grantees selected for this
program can be found in 7 CFR part 4284, subpart A, and 2 CFR parts
200, 215, 400, 415, 417, 418, and 421. All recipients of Federal
financial assistance are required to report information about first-
tier subawards and executive compensation (See 2 CFR part 170). You
will be required to have the necessary processes and systems in place
to comply with the Federal Funding Accountability and Transparency Act
reporting requirements (See 2 CFR 170.200(b), unless you are exempt
under 2 CFR 170.110(b)). These regulations may be obtained at
http://www.gpoaccess.gov/cfr/index.html.
    The following additional requirements apply to grantees selected
for this program:
     Agency approved Grant Agreement.
     Letter of Conditions.
     Form RD 1940-1, ``Request for Obligation of Funds.''
     Form RD 1942-46, ``Letter of Intent to Meet Conditions.''
     Form AD-1047, ``Certification Regarding Debarment,
Suspension, and Other Responsibility Matters-Primary Covered
Transactions.''
     Form AD-1048, ``Certification Regarding Debarment,
Suspension, Ineligibility and Voluntary Exclusion-Lower Tier Covered
Transactions.''
     Form AD-1049, ``Certification Regarding a Drug-Free
Workplace Requirement (Grants).''
     Form AD-3031, ``Assurance Regarding Felony Conviction or
Tax Delinquent Status for Corporate Applicants.'' Must be signed by
corporate applicants who receive an award under this Notice.
     Form RD 400-4, ``Assurance Agreement.''
     SF LLL, ``Disclosure of Lobbying Activities,'' if
applicable.

3. Reporting

After grant approval and through grant completion, you will be
required to provide the following:
    a. A SF-425, ``Federal Financial Report,'' and a project
performance report will be required on a semiannual basis (due 30
working days after end of the semiannual period). For the purposes of
this grant, semiannual periods end on March 31st and September 30th.
The project performance reports shall include the following: A
comparison of actual accomplishments to the objectives established for
that period;
    b. Reasons why established objectives were not met, if applicable;
    c. Reasons for any problems, delays, or adverse conditions, if any,
which have affected or will affect attainment of overall project
objectives, prevent meeting time schedules or objectives, or preclude
the attainment of particular objectives during established time
periods. This disclosure shall be accompanied by a statement of the
action taken or planned to resolve the situation; and
    d. Objectives and timetable established for the next reporting
period.
    e. Provide a final project and financial status report within 90
days after the expiration or termination of the grant.
    f. Provide outcome project performance reports and final
deliverables.

G. Agency Contacts

For general questions about this announcement and for program
Technical Assistance, please contact the appropriate State Office as
indicated in the ADDRESSES section of this Notice. You may also contact
National Office staff: Melinda Martin, SDGG Program Lead,
Melinda.C.Martin@wdc.usda.gov, or call 202-690-1376.

H. Other Information

Non Discrimination Statement

USDA prohibits discrimination against its customers, employees, and
applicants for employment on the bases of race, color, national origin,
age, disability, sex, gender identify, religion, reprisal, and where
applicable, political beliefs, marital status, familial or parental
status, sexual orientation, or all or part of an individual's income is
derived from any public assistance program, or protected genetic
information in employment or in any program or activity conducted or
funded by the Department. (Not all prohibited bases will apply to all
programs and/or employment activities.)

To File a Program Complaint

If you wish to file a Civil Rights program complaint of
discrimination, complete the USDA Program Discrimination Complaint Form
(PDF), found online at http://www.ascr.usda.gov/complain_filing_cust.html, or at
any USDA office, or call (866) 632-
9992 to request the form. You may also write a letter containing all of
the information requested in the form. Send your completed complaint
form or letter to us by mail at U.S. Department of Agriculture,
Director, Office of Adjudication, 1400 Independence Avenue SW.,
Washington, DC 20250-9410, by fax (202) 690-7442 or email at
program.intake@usda.gov

Persons With Disabilities

Individuals who are deaf, hard of hearing or have speech
disabilities and who wish to file either an EEO or program complaint,
please contact USDA through the Federal Relay

[[Page 28943]]

Service at (800) 877-8339 or (800) 845-6136 (in Spanish).
    Persons with disabilities, who wish to file a program complaint,
please see information above on how to contact us by mail directly or
by email. If you require alternative means of communication for program
information (e.g., Braille, large print, audiotape, etc.), please
contact USDA's TARGET Center at (202) 720-2600 (voice and TDD).

Dated: May 14, 2015.
Lillian Salerno,
Administrator, Rural Business-Cooperative Service.
[FR Doc. 2015-12225 Filed 5-19-15; 8:45 am]
BILLING CODE 3410-XY-P

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: May 20, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              188 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            April 26, 2014 Saturday

Utah: CHS Foundation Grants

LENGTH: 268  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Sponsor  CHS Foundation
Deadlines  Applications accepted on an ongoing basis
Contact

Phone: 800.814.0506
Email: info@chsfoundation.org
Purpose

CHS Foundation Grants are awarded to projects and programs working in the
following areas:

Rural Youth Leadership Development: Supports established programs that foster
leadership development among rural youth, such as FFA, 4-H, Ag in the Classroom
and Junior Achievement.
    Cooperative education: Supports cooperative education through a variety of
programs.
    Returning Value to Rural Communities: Supports programs that build
leadership capacity in rural America through adult education and leadership
initiatives. Open to innovative and collaborative approaches to address emerging
issues and opportunities in rural communities.
    Farm and Agriculture Safety: Supports education programs that help keep farm
families, children, and agribusiness professionals safe.

Eligibility

National organizations are eligible. State or regional organizations are most
likely to be funded in the following states: Colorado, Idaho, Illinois, Indiana,
Iowa, Kansas, Michigan, Minnesota, Missouri, Montana, Nebraska, North Dakota,
Ohio, Oklahoma, Oregon, South Dakota, Texas, Utah, Washington, Wisconsin, and
Wyoming.
Geographic
coverage  Nationwide
Amount of
funding

No amount specified.
Application
process

A link to the online application process is available on the program website.
Tagged as  Agriculture, Children, Youth

For further information please visit: http://www.raconline.org/

LOAD-DATE: April 27, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              189 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             March 8, 2014 Saturday

Utah: CHS Foundation Grants

LENGTH: 268  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Sponsor  CHS Foundation
Deadlines  Applications accepted on an ongoing basis
Contact

Phone: 800.814.0506
Email: info@chsfoundation.org
Purpose

CHS Foundation Grants are awarded to projects and programs working in the
following areas:

Rural Youth Leadership Development: Supports established programs that foster
leadership development among rural youth, such as FFA, 4-H, Ag in the Classroom
and Junior Achievement.
    Cooperative education: Supports cooperative education through a variety of
programs.
    Returning Value to Rural Communities: Supports programs that build
leadership capacity in rural America through adult education and leadership
initiatives. Open to innovative and collaborative approaches to address emerging
issues and opportunities in rural communities.
    Farm and Agriculture Safety: Supports education programs that help keep farm
families, children, and agribusiness professionals safe.

Eligibility

National organizations are eligible. State or regional organizations are most
likely to be funded in the following states: Colorado, Idaho, Illinois, Indiana,
Iowa, Kansas, Michigan, Minnesota, Missouri, Montana, Nebraska, North Dakota,
Ohio, Oklahoma, Oregon, South Dakota, Texas, Utah, Washington, Wisconsin, and
Wyoming.
Geographic
coverage  Nationwide
Amount of
funding

No amount specified.
Application
process

A link to the online application process is available on the program website.
Tagged as  Agriculture, Children, Youth

For further information please visit: http://www.raconline.org/

LOAD-DATE: March 9, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              190 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             March 4, 2014 Tuesday

Utah: CHS Foundation Grants

LENGTH: 268  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Sponsor  CHS Foundation
Deadlines  Applications accepted on an ongoing basis
Contact

Phone: 800.814.0506
Email: info@chsfoundation.org
Purpose

CHS Foundation Grants are awarded to projects and programs working in the
following areas:

Rural Youth Leadership Development: Supports established programs that foster
leadership development among rural youth, such as FFA, 4-H, Ag in the Classroom
and Junior Achievement.
    Cooperative education: Supports cooperative education through a variety of
programs.
    Returning Value to Rural Communities: Supports programs that build
leadership capacity in rural America through adult education and leadership
initiatives. Open to innovative and collaborative approaches to address emerging
issues and opportunities in rural communities.
    Farm and Agriculture Safety: Supports education programs that help keep farm
families, children, and agribusiness professionals safe.

Eligibility

National organizations are eligible. State or regional organizations are most
likely to be funded in the following states: Colorado, Idaho, Illinois, Indiana,
Iowa, Kansas, Michigan, Minnesota, Missouri, Montana, Nebraska, North Dakota,
Ohio, Oklahoma, Oregon, South Dakota, Texas, Utah, Washington, Wisconsin, and
Wyoming.
Geographic
coverage  Nationwide
Amount of
funding

No amount specified.
Application
process

A link to the online application process is available on the program website.
Tagged as  Agriculture, Children, Youth

For further information please visit: http://www.raconline.org/

LOAD-DATE: March 5, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              191 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             March 1, 2014 Saturday

Utah: CHS Foundation Grants

LENGTH: 268  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Sponsor  CHS Foundation
Deadlines  Applications accepted on an ongoing basis
Contact

Phone: 800.814.0506
Email: info@chsfoundation.org
Purpose

CHS Foundation Grants are awarded to projects and programs working in the
following areas:

Rural Youth Leadership Development: Supports established programs that foster
leadership development among rural youth, such as FFA, 4-H, Ag in the Classroom
and Junior Achievement.
    Cooperative education: Supports cooperative education through a variety of
programs.
    Returning Value to Rural Communities: Supports programs that build
leadership capacity in rural America through adult education and leadership
initiatives. Open to innovative and collaborative approaches to address emerging
issues and opportunities in rural communities.
    Farm and Agriculture Safety: Supports education programs that help keep farm
families, children, and agribusiness professionals safe.

Eligibility

National organizations are eligible. State or regional organizations are most
likely to be funded in the following states: Colorado, Idaho, Illinois, Indiana,
Iowa, Kansas, Michigan, Minnesota, Missouri, Montana, Nebraska, North Dakota,
Ohio, Oklahoma, Oregon, South Dakota, Texas, Utah, Washington, Wisconsin, and
Wyoming.
Geographic
coverage  Nationwide
Amount of
funding

No amount specified.
Application
process

A link to the online application process is available on the program website.
Tagged as  Agriculture, Children, Youth

For further information please visit: http://www.raconline.org/

LOAD-DATE: March 2, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              192 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           February 20, 2014 Thursday

Utah: CHS Foundation Grants

LENGTH: 268  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Sponsor  CHS Foundation
Deadlines  Applications accepted on an ongoing basis
Contact

Phone: 800.814.0506
Email: info@chsfoundation.org
Purpose

CHS Foundation Grants are awarded to projects and programs working in the
following areas:

Rural Youth Leadership Development: Supports established programs that foster
leadership development among rural youth, such as FFA, 4-H, Ag in the Classroom
and Junior Achievement.
    Cooperative education: Supports cooperative education through a variety of
programs.
    Returning Value to Rural Communities: Supports programs that build
leadership capacity in rural America through adult education and leadership
initiatives. Open to innovative and collaborative approaches to address emerging
issues and opportunities in rural communities.
    Farm and Agriculture Safety: Supports education programs that help keep farm
families, children, and agribusiness professionals safe.

Eligibility

National organizations are eligible. State or regional organizations are most
likely to be funded in the following states: Colorado, Idaho, Illinois, Indiana,
Iowa, Kansas, Michigan, Minnesota, Missouri, Montana, Nebraska, North Dakota,
Ohio, Oklahoma, Oregon, South Dakota, Texas, Utah, Washington, Wisconsin, and
Wyoming.
Geographic
coverage  Nationwide
Amount of
funding

No amount specified.
Application
process

A link to the online application process is available on the program website.
Tagged as  Agriculture, Children, Youth

For further information please visit: http://www.raconline.org/

LOAD-DATE: February 21, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              193 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           February 18, 2014 Tuesday

Utah: CHS Foundation Grants

LENGTH: 268  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Sponsor  CHS Foundation
Deadlines  Applications accepted on an ongoing basis
Contact

Phone: 800.814.0506
Email: info@chsfoundation.org
Purpose

CHS Foundation Grants are awarded to projects and programs working in the
following areas:

Rural Youth Leadership Development: Supports established programs that foster
leadership development among rural youth, such as FFA, 4-H, Ag in the Classroom
and Junior Achievement.
    Cooperative education: Supports cooperative education through a variety of
programs.
    Returning Value to Rural Communities: Supports programs that build
leadership capacity in rural America through adult education and leadership
initiatives. Open to innovative and collaborative approaches to address emerging
issues and opportunities in rural communities.
    Farm and Agriculture Safety: Supports education programs that help keep farm
families, children, and agribusiness professionals safe.

Eligibility

National organizations are eligible. State or regional organizations are most
likely to be funded in the following states: Colorado, Idaho, Illinois, Indiana,
Iowa, Kansas, Michigan, Minnesota, Missouri, Montana, Nebraska, North Dakota,
Ohio, Oklahoma, Oregon, South Dakota, Texas, Utah, Washington, Wisconsin, and
Wyoming.
Geographic
coverage  Nationwide
Amount of
funding

No amount specified.
Application
process

A link to the online application process is available on the program website.
Tagged as  Agriculture, Children, Youth

For further information please visit: http://www.raconline.org/

LOAD-DATE: February 18, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              194 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           February 13, 2014 Thursday

Utah: CHS Foundation Grants

LENGTH: 268  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Sponsor  CHS Foundation
Deadlines  Applications accepted on an ongoing basis
Contact

Phone: 800.814.0506
Email: info@chsfoundation.org
Purpose

CHS Foundation Grants are awarded to projects and programs working in the
following areas:

Rural Youth Leadership Development: Supports established programs that foster
leadership development among rural youth, such as FFA, 4-H, Ag in the Classroom
and Junior Achievement.
    Cooperative education: Supports cooperative education through a variety of
programs.
    Returning Value to Rural Communities: Supports programs that build
leadership capacity in rural America through adult education and leadership
initiatives. Open to innovative and collaborative approaches to address emerging
issues and opportunities in rural communities.
    Farm and Agriculture Safety: Supports education programs that help keep farm
families, children, and agribusiness professionals safe.

Eligibility

National organizations are eligible. State or regional organizations are most
likely to be funded in the following states: Colorado, Idaho, Illinois, Indiana,
Iowa, Kansas, Michigan, Minnesota, Missouri, Montana, Nebraska, North Dakota,
Ohio, Oklahoma, Oregon, South Dakota, Texas, Utah, Washington, Wisconsin, and
Wyoming.
Geographic
coverage  Nationwide
Amount of
funding

No amount specified.
Application
process

A link to the online application process is available on the program website.
Tagged as  Agriculture, Children, Youth

For further information please visit: http://www.raconline.org/

LOAD-DATE: February 14, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              195 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           February 11, 2014 Tuesday

Utah: CHS Foundation Grants

LENGTH: 268  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Sponsor  CHS Foundation
Deadlines  Applications accepted on an ongoing basis
Contact

Phone: 800.814.0506
Email: info@chsfoundation.org
Purpose

CHS Foundation Grants are awarded to projects and programs working in the
following areas:

Rural Youth Leadership Development: Supports established programs that foster
leadership development among rural youth, such as FFA, 4-H, Ag in the Classroom
and Junior Achievement.
    Cooperative education: Supports cooperative education through a variety of
programs.
    Returning Value to Rural Communities: Supports programs that build
leadership capacity in rural America through adult education and leadership
initiatives. Open to innovative and collaborative approaches to address emerging
issues and opportunities in rural communities.
    Farm and Agriculture Safety: Supports education programs that help keep farm
families, children, and agribusiness professionals safe.

Eligibility

National organizations are eligible. State or regional organizations are most
likely to be funded in the following states: Colorado, Idaho, Illinois, Indiana,
Iowa, Kansas, Michigan, Minnesota, Missouri, Montana, Nebraska, North Dakota,
Ohio, Oklahoma, Oregon, South Dakota, Texas, Utah, Washington, Wisconsin, and
Wyoming.
Geographic
coverage  Nationwide
Amount of
funding

No amount specified.
Application
process

A link to the online application process is available on the program website.
Tagged as  Agriculture, Children, Youth

For further information please visit: http://www.raconline.org/

LOAD-DATE: February 12, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              196 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           January 11, 2014 Saturday

Utah: CHS Foundation Grants

LENGTH: 268  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Sponsor  CHS Foundation
Deadlines  Applications accepted on an ongoing basis
Contact

Phone: 800.814.0506
Email: info@chsfoundation.org
Purpose

CHS Foundation Grants are awarded to projects and programs working in the
following areas:

Rural Youth Leadership Development: Supports established programs that foster
leadership development among rural youth, such as FFA, 4-H, Ag in the Classroom
and Junior Achievement.
    Cooperative education: Supports cooperative education through a variety of
programs.
    Returning Value to Rural Communities: Supports programs that build
leadership capacity in rural America through adult education and leadership
initiatives. Open to innovative and collaborative approaches to address emerging
issues and opportunities in rural communities.
    Farm and Agriculture Safety: Supports education programs that help keep farm
families, children, and agribusiness professionals safe.

Eligibility

National organizations are eligible. State or regional organizations are most
likely to be funded in the following states: Colorado, Idaho, Illinois, Indiana,
Iowa, Kansas, Michigan, Minnesota, Missouri, Montana, Nebraska, North Dakota,
Ohio, Oklahoma, Oregon, South Dakota, Texas, Utah, Washington, Wisconsin, and
Wyoming.
Geographic
coverage  Nationwide
Amount of
funding

No amount specified.
Application
process

A link to the online application process is available on the program website.
Tagged as  Agriculture, Children, Youth

For further information please visit: http://www.raconline.org/

LOAD-DATE: January 12, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              197 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             January 3, 2014 Friday

Utah: CHS Foundation Grants

LENGTH: 268  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Sponsor  CHS Foundation
Deadlines  Applications accepted on an ongoing basis
Contact

Phone: 800.814.0506
Email: info@chsfoundation.org
Purpose

CHS Foundation Grants are awarded to projects and programs working in the
following areas:

Rural Youth Leadership Development: Supports established programs that foster
leadership development among rural youth, such as FFA, 4-H, Ag in the Classroom
and Junior Achievement.
    Cooperative education: Supports cooperative education through a variety of
programs.
    Returning Value to Rural Communities: Supports programs that build
leadership capacity in rural America through adult education and leadership
initiatives. Open to innovative and collaborative approaches to address emerging
issues and opportunities in rural communities.
    Farm and Agriculture Safety: Supports education programs that help keep farm
families, children, and agribusiness professionals safe.

Eligibility

National organizations are eligible. State or regional organizations are most
likely to be funded in the following states: Colorado, Idaho, Illinois, Indiana,
Iowa, Kansas, Michigan, Minnesota, Missouri, Montana, Nebraska, North Dakota,
Ohio, Oklahoma, Oregon, South Dakota, Texas, Utah, Washington, Wisconsin, and
Wyoming.
Geographic
coverage  Nationwide
Amount of
funding

No amount specified.
Application
process

A link to the online application process is available on the program website.
Tagged as  Agriculture, Children, Youth

For further information please visit: http://www.raconline.org/

LOAD-DATE: January 4, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              198 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           December 24, 2013 Tuesday

Utah: CHS Foundation Grants

LENGTH: 268  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Sponsor  CHS Foundation
Deadlines  Applications accepted on an ongoing basis
Contact

Phone: 800.814.0506
Email: info@chsfoundation.org
Purpose

CHS Foundation Grants are awarded to projects and programs working in the
following areas:

Rural Youth Leadership Development: Supports established programs that foster
leadership development among rural youth, such as FFA, 4-H, Ag in the Classroom
and Junior Achievement.
    Cooperative education: Supports cooperative education through a variety of
programs.
    Returning Value to Rural Communities: Supports programs that build
leadership capacity in rural America through adult education and leadership
initiatives. Open to innovative and collaborative approaches to address emerging
issues and opportunities in rural communities.
    Farm and Agriculture Safety: Supports education programs that help keep farm
families, children, and agribusiness professionals safe.

Eligibility

National organizations are eligible. State or regional organizations are most
likely to be funded in the following states: Colorado, Idaho, Illinois, Indiana,
Iowa, Kansas, Michigan, Minnesota, Missouri, Montana, Nebraska, North Dakota,
Ohio, Oklahoma, Oregon, South Dakota, Texas, Utah, Washington, Wisconsin, and
Wyoming.
Geographic
coverage  Nationwide
Amount of
funding

No amount specified.
Application
process

A link to the online application process is available on the program website.
Tagged as  Agriculture, Children, Youth

For further information please visit: http://www.raconline.org/

LOAD-DATE: December 25, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              199 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           December 19, 2013 Thursday

Utah: CHS Foundation Grants

LENGTH: 268  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Sponsor  CHS Foundation
Deadlines  Applications accepted on an ongoing basis
Contact

Phone: 800.814.0506
Email: info@chsfoundation.org
Purpose

CHS Foundation Grants are awarded to projects and programs working in the
following areas:

Rural Youth Leadership Development: Supports established programs that foster
leadership development among rural youth, such as FFA, 4-H, Ag in the Classroom
and Junior Achievement.
    Cooperative education: Supports cooperative education through a variety of
programs.
    Returning Value to Rural Communities: Supports programs that build
leadership capacity in rural America through adult education and leadership
initiatives. Open to innovative and collaborative approaches to address emerging
issues and opportunities in rural communities.
    Farm and Agriculture Safety: Supports education programs that help keep farm
families, children, and agribusiness professionals safe.

Eligibility

National organizations are eligible. State or regional organizations are most
likely to be funded in the following states: Colorado, Idaho, Illinois, Indiana,
Iowa, Kansas, Michigan, Minnesota, Missouri, Montana, Nebraska, North Dakota,
Ohio, Oklahoma, Oregon, South Dakota, Texas, Utah, Washington, Wisconsin, and
Wyoming.
Geographic
coverage  Nationwide
Amount of
funding

No amount specified.
Application
process

A link to the online application process is available on the program website.
Tagged as  Agriculture, Children, Youth

For further information please visit: http://www.raconline.org/

LOAD-DATE: December 23, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              200 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           December 17, 2013 Tuesday

Utah: CHS Foundation Grants

LENGTH: 268  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Sponsor  CHS Foundation
Deadlines  Applications accepted on an ongoing basis
Contact

Phone: 800.814.0506
Email: info@chsfoundation.org
Purpose

CHS Foundation Grants are awarded to projects and programs working in the
following areas:

Rural Youth Leadership Development: Supports established programs that foster
leadership development among rural youth, such as FFA, 4-H, Ag in the Classroom
and Junior Achievement.
    Cooperative education: Supports cooperative education through a variety of
programs.
    Returning Value to Rural Communities: Supports programs that build
leadership capacity in rural America through adult education and leadership
initiatives. Open to innovative and collaborative approaches to address emerging
issues and opportunities in rural communities.
    Farm and Agriculture Safety: Supports education programs that help keep farm
families, children, and agribusiness professionals safe.

Eligibility

National organizations are eligible. State or regional organizations are most
likely to be funded in the following states: Colorado, Idaho, Illinois, Indiana,
Iowa, Kansas, Michigan, Minnesota, Missouri, Montana, Nebraska, North Dakota,
Ohio, Oklahoma, Oregon, South Dakota, Texas, Utah, Washington, Wisconsin, and
Wyoming.
Geographic
coverage  Nationwide
Amount of
funding

No amount specified.
Application
process

A link to the online application process is available on the program website.
Tagged as  Agriculture, Children, Youth

For further information please visit: http://www.raconline.org/

LOAD-DATE: December 17, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              201 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           December 7, 2013 Saturday

Utah: CHS Foundation Grants

LENGTH: 268  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Sponsor  CHS Foundation
Deadlines  Applications accepted on an ongoing basis
Contact

Phone: 800.814.0506
Email: info@chsfoundation.org
Purpose

CHS Foundation Grants are awarded to projects and programs working in the
following areas:

Rural Youth Leadership Development: Supports established programs that foster
leadership development among rural youth, such as FFA, 4-H, Ag in the Classroom
and Junior Achievement.
    Cooperative education: Supports cooperative education through a variety of
programs.
    Returning Value to Rural Communities: Supports programs that build
leadership capacity in rural America through adult education and leadership
initiatives. Open to innovative and collaborative approaches to address emerging
issues and opportunities in rural communities.
    Farm and Agriculture Safety: Supports education programs that help keep farm
families, children, and agribusiness professionals safe.

Eligibility

National organizations are eligible. State or regional organizations are most
likely to be funded in the following states: Colorado, Idaho, Illinois, Indiana,
Iowa, Kansas, Michigan, Minnesota, Missouri, Montana, Nebraska, North Dakota,
Ohio, Oklahoma, Oregon, South Dakota, Texas, Utah, Washington, Wisconsin, and
Wyoming.
Geographic
coverage  Nationwide
Amount of
funding

No amount specified.
Application
process

A link to the online application process is available on the program website.
Tagged as  Agriculture, Children, Youth

For further information please visit: http://www.raconline.org/

LOAD-DATE: December 7, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              202 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           December 5, 2013 Thursday

Utah: CHS Foundation Grants

LENGTH: 268  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Sponsor  CHS Foundation
Deadlines  Applications accepted on an ongoing basis
Contact

Phone: 800.814.0506
Email: info@chsfoundation.org
Purpose

CHS Foundation Grants are awarded to projects and programs working in the
following areas:

Rural Youth Leadership Development: Supports established programs that foster
leadership development among rural youth, such as FFA, 4-H, Ag in the Classroom
and Junior Achievement.
    Cooperative education: Supports cooperative education through a variety of
programs.
    Returning Value to Rural Communities: Supports programs that build
leadership capacity in rural America through adult education and leadership
initiatives. Open to innovative and collaborative approaches to address emerging
issues and opportunities in rural communities.
    Farm and Agriculture Safety: Supports education programs that help keep farm
families, children, and agribusiness professionals safe.

Eligibility

National organizations are eligible. State or regional organizations are most
likely to be funded in the following states: Colorado, Idaho, Illinois, Indiana,
Iowa, Kansas, Michigan, Minnesota, Missouri, Montana, Nebraska, North Dakota,
Ohio, Oklahoma, Oregon, South Dakota, Texas, Utah, Washington, Wisconsin, and
Wyoming.
Geographic
coverage  Nationwide
Amount of
funding

No amount specified.
Application
process

A link to the online application process is available on the program website.
Tagged as  Agriculture, Children, Youth

For further information please visit: http://www.raconline.org/

LOAD-DATE: December 5, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              203 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            December 3, 2013 Tuesday

Utah: CHS Foundation Grants

LENGTH: 268  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Sponsor  CHS Foundation
Deadlines  Applications accepted on an ongoing basis
Contact

Phone: 800.814.0506
Email: info@chsfoundation.org
Purpose

CHS Foundation Grants are awarded to projects and programs working in the
following areas:

Rural Youth Leadership Development: Supports established programs that foster
leadership development among rural youth, such as FFA, 4-H, Ag in the Classroom
and Junior Achievement.
    Cooperative education: Supports cooperative education through a variety of
programs.
    Returning Value to Rural Communities: Supports programs that build
leadership capacity in rural America through adult education and leadership
initiatives. Open to innovative and collaborative approaches to address emerging
issues and opportunities in rural communities.
    Farm and Agriculture Safety: Supports education programs that help keep farm
families, children, and agribusiness professionals safe.

Eligibility

National organizations are eligible. State or regional organizations are most
likely to be funded in the following states: Colorado, Idaho, Illinois, Indiana,
Iowa, Kansas, Michigan, Minnesota, Missouri, Montana, Nebraska, North Dakota,
Ohio, Oklahoma, Oregon, South Dakota, Texas, Utah, Washington, Wisconsin, and
Wyoming.
Geographic
coverage  Nationwide
Amount of
funding

No amount specified.
Application
process

A link to the online application process is available on the program website.
Tagged as  Agriculture, Children, Youth

For further information please visit: http://www.raconline.org/

LOAD-DATE: December 3, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              204 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            October 15, 2013 Tuesday

Utah: CHS Foundation Grants

LENGTH: 268  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Sponsor  CHS Foundation
Deadlines  Applications accepted on an ongoing basis
Contact

Phone: 800.814.0506
Email: info@chsfoundation.org
Purpose

CHS Foundation Grants are awarded to projects and programs working in the
following areas:

Rural Youth Leadership Development: Supports established programs that foster
leadership development among rural youth, such as FFA, 4-H, Ag in the Classroom
and Junior Achievement.
    Cooperative education: Supports cooperative education through a variety of
programs.
    Returning Value to Rural Communities: Supports programs that build
leadership capacity in rural America through adult education and leadership
initiatives. Open to innovative and collaborative approaches to address emerging
issues and opportunities in rural communities.
    Farm and Agriculture Safety: Supports education programs that help keep farm
families, children, and agribusiness professionals safe.

Eligibility

National organizations are eligible. State or regional organizations are most
likely to be funded in the following states: Colorado, Idaho, Illinois, Indiana,
Iowa, Kansas, Michigan, Minnesota, Missouri, Montana, Nebraska, North Dakota,
Ohio, Oklahoma, Oregon, South Dakota, Texas, Utah, Washington, Wisconsin, and
Wyoming.
Geographic
coverage  Nationwide
Amount of
funding

No amount specified.
Application
process

A link to the online application process is available on the program website.
Tagged as  Agriculture, Children, Youth

For further information please visit: http://www.raconline.org/

LOAD-DATE: October 16, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              205 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            October 3, 2013 Thursday

Utah: CHS Foundation Grants

LENGTH: 268  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Sponsor  CHS Foundation
Deadlines  Applications accepted on an ongoing basis
Contact

Phone: 800.814.0506
Email: info@chsfoundation.org
Purpose

CHS Foundation Grants are awarded to projects and programs working in the
following areas:

Rural Youth Leadership Development: Supports established programs that foster
leadership development among rural youth, such as FFA, 4-H, Ag in the Classroom
and Junior Achievement.
    Cooperative education: Supports cooperative education through a variety of
programs.
    Returning Value to Rural Communities: Supports programs that build
leadership capacity in rural America through adult education and leadership
initiatives. Open to innovative and collaborative approaches to address emerging
issues and opportunities in rural communities.
    Farm and Agriculture Safety: Supports education programs that help keep farm
families, children, and agribusiness professionals safe.

Eligibility

National organizations are eligible. State or regional organizations are most
likely to be funded in the following states: Colorado, Idaho, Illinois, Indiana,
Iowa, Kansas, Michigan, Minnesota, Missouri, Montana, Nebraska, North Dakota,
Ohio, Oklahoma, Oregon, South Dakota, Texas, Utah, Washington, Wisconsin, and
Wyoming.
Geographic
coverage  Nationwide
Amount of
funding

No amount specified.
Application
process

A link to the online application process is available on the program website.
Tagged as  Agriculture, Children, Youth

For further information please visit: http://www.raconline.org/

LOAD-DATE: October 3, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              206 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          September 14, 2013 Saturday

Utah: CHS Foundation Grants

LENGTH: 268  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Sponsor  CHS Foundation
Deadlines  Applications accepted on an ongoing basis
Contact

Phone: 800.814.0506
Email: info@chsfoundation.org
Purpose

CHS Foundation Grants are awarded to projects and programs working in the
following areas:

Rural Youth Leadership Development: Supports established programs that foster
leadership development among rural youth, such as FFA, 4-H, Ag in the Classroom
and Junior Achievement.
    Cooperative education: Supports cooperative education through a variety of
programs.
    Returning Value to Rural Communities: Supports programs that build
leadership capacity in rural America through adult education and leadership
initiatives. Open to innovative and collaborative approaches to address emerging
issues and opportunities in rural communities.
    Farm and Agriculture Safety: Supports education programs that help keep farm
families, children, and agribusiness professionals safe.

Eligibility

National organizations are eligible. State or regional organizations are most
likely to be funded in the following states: Colorado, Idaho, Illinois, Indiana,
Iowa, Kansas, Michigan, Minnesota, Missouri, Montana, Nebraska, North Dakota,
Ohio, Oklahoma, Oregon, South Dakota, Texas, Utah, Washington, Wisconsin, and
Wyoming.
Geographic
coverage  Nationwide
Amount of
funding

No amount specified.
Application
process

A link to the online application process is available on the program website.
Tagged as  Agriculture, Children, Youth

For further information please visit: http://www.raconline.org/

LOAD-DATE: September 14, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              207 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          September 12, 2013 Thursday

Utah: CHS Foundation Grants

LENGTH: 268  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Sponsor  CHS Foundation
Deadlines  Applications accepted on an ongoing basis
Contact

Phone: 800.814.0506
Email: info@chsfoundation.org
Purpose

CHS Foundation Grants are awarded to projects and programs working in the
following areas:

Rural Youth Leadership Development: Supports established programs that foster
leadership development among rural youth, such as FFA, 4-H, Ag in the Classroom
and Junior Achievement.
    Cooperative education: Supports cooperative education through a variety of
programs.
    Returning Value to Rural Communities: Supports programs that build
leadership capacity in rural America through adult education and leadership
initiatives. Open to innovative and collaborative approaches to address emerging
issues and opportunities in rural communities.
    Farm and Agriculture Safety: Supports education programs that help keep farm
families, children, and agribusiness professionals safe.

Eligibility

National organizations are eligible. State or regional organizations are most
likely to be funded in the following states: Colorado, Idaho, Illinois, Indiana,
Iowa, Kansas, Michigan, Minnesota, Missouri, Montana, Nebraska, North Dakota,
Ohio, Oklahoma, Oregon, South Dakota, Texas, Utah, Washington, Wisconsin, and
Wyoming.
Geographic
coverage  Nationwide
Amount of
funding

No amount specified.
Application
process

A link to the online application process is available on the program website.
Tagged as  Agriculture, Children, Youth

For further information please visit: http://www.raconline.org/

LOAD-DATE: September 12, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              208 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           September 10, 2013 Tuesday

Utah: CHS Foundation Grants

LENGTH: 268  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Sponsor  CHS Foundation
Deadlines  Applications accepted on an ongoing basis
Contact

Phone: 800.814.0506
Email: info@chsfoundation.org
Purpose

CHS Foundation Grants are awarded to projects and programs working in the
following areas:

Rural Youth Leadership Development: Supports established programs that foster
leadership development among rural youth, such as FFA, 4-H, Ag in the Classroom
and Junior Achievement.
    Cooperative education: Supports cooperative education through a variety of
programs.
    Returning Value to Rural Communities: Supports programs that build
leadership capacity in rural America through adult education and leadership
initiatives. Open to innovative and collaborative approaches to address emerging
issues and opportunities in rural communities.
    Farm and Agriculture Safety: Supports education programs that help keep farm
families, children, and agribusiness professionals safe.

Eligibility

National organizations are eligible. State or regional organizations are most
likely to be funded in the following states: Colorado, Idaho, Illinois, Indiana,
Iowa, Kansas, Michigan, Minnesota, Missouri, Montana, Nebraska, North Dakota,
Ohio, Oklahoma, Oregon, South Dakota, Texas, Utah, Washington, Wisconsin, and
Wyoming.
Geographic
coverage  Nationwide
Amount of
funding

No amount specified.
Application
process

A link to the online application process is available on the program website.
Tagged as  Agriculture, Children, Youth

For further information please visit: http://www.raconline.org/

LOAD-DATE: September 10, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              209 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           September 7, 2013 Saturday

Utah: CHS Foundation Grants

LENGTH: 268  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Sponsor  CHS Foundation
Deadlines  Applications accepted on an ongoing basis
Contact

Phone: 800.814.0506
Email: info@chsfoundation.org
Purpose

CHS Foundation Grants are awarded to projects and programs working in the
following areas:

Rural Youth Leadership Development: Supports established programs that foster
leadership development among rural youth, such as FFA, 4-H, Ag in the Classroom
and Junior Achievement.
    Cooperative education: Supports cooperative education through a variety of
programs.
    Returning Value to Rural Communities: Supports programs that build
leadership capacity in rural America through adult education and leadership
initiatives. Open to innovative and collaborative approaches to address emerging
issues and opportunities in rural communities.
    Farm and Agriculture Safety: Supports education programs that help keep farm
families, children, and agribusiness professionals safe.

Eligibility

National organizations are eligible. State or regional organizations are most
likely to be funded in the following states: Colorado, Idaho, Illinois, Indiana,
Iowa, Kansas, Michigan, Minnesota, Missouri, Montana, Nebraska, North Dakota,
Ohio, Oklahoma, Oregon, South Dakota, Texas, Utah, Washington, Wisconsin, and
Wyoming.
Geographic
coverage  Nationwide
Amount of
funding

No amount specified.
Application
process

A link to the online application process is available on the program website.
Tagged as  Agriculture, Children, Youth

For further information please visit: http://www.raconline.org/

LOAD-DATE: September 7, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              210 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           September 5, 2013 Thursday

Utah: CHS Foundation Grants

LENGTH: 268  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Sponsor  CHS Foundation
Deadlines  Applications accepted on an ongoing basis
Contact

Phone: 800.814.0506
Email: info@chsfoundation.org
Purpose

CHS Foundation Grants are awarded to projects and programs working in the
following areas:

Rural Youth Leadership Development: Supports established programs that foster
leadership development among rural youth, such as FFA, 4-H, Ag in the Classroom
and Junior Achievement.
    Cooperative education: Supports cooperative education through a variety of
programs.
    Returning Value to Rural Communities: Supports programs that build
leadership capacity in rural America through adult education and leadership
initiatives. Open to innovative and collaborative approaches to address emerging
issues and opportunities in rural communities.
    Farm and Agriculture Safety: Supports education programs that help keep farm
families, children, and agribusiness professionals safe.

Eligibility

National organizations are eligible. State or regional organizations are most
likely to be funded in the following states: Colorado, Idaho, Illinois, Indiana,
Iowa, Kansas, Michigan, Minnesota, Missouri, Montana, Nebraska, North Dakota,
Ohio, Oklahoma, Oregon, South Dakota, Texas, Utah, Washington, Wisconsin, and
Wyoming.
Geographic
coverage  Nationwide
Amount of
funding

No amount specified.
Application
process

A link to the online application process is available on the program website.
Tagged as  Agriculture, Children, Youth

For further information please visit: http://www.raconline.org/

LOAD-DATE: September 5, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              211 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           September 3, 2013 Tuesday

Utah: CHS Foundation Grants

LENGTH: 268  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Sponsor  CHS Foundation
Deadlines  Applications accepted on an ongoing basis
Contact

Phone: 800.814.0506
Email: info@chsfoundation.org
Purpose

CHS Foundation Grants are awarded to projects and programs working in the
following areas:

Rural Youth Leadership Development: Supports established programs that foster
leadership development among rural youth, such as FFA, 4-H, Ag in the Classroom
and Junior Achievement.
    Cooperative education: Supports cooperative education through a variety of
programs.
    Returning Value to Rural Communities: Supports programs that build
leadership capacity in rural America through adult education and leadership
initiatives. Open to innovative and collaborative approaches to address emerging
issues and opportunities in rural communities.
    Farm and Agriculture Safety: Supports education programs that help keep farm
families, children, and agribusiness professionals safe.

Eligibility

National organizations are eligible. State or regional organizations are most
likely to be funded in the following states: Colorado, Idaho, Illinois, Indiana,
Iowa, Kansas, Michigan, Minnesota, Missouri, Montana, Nebraska, North Dakota,
Ohio, Oklahoma, Oregon, South Dakota, Texas, Utah, Washington, Wisconsin, and
Wyoming.
Geographic
coverage  Nationwide
Amount of
funding

No amount specified.
Application
process

A link to the online application process is available on the program website.
Tagged as  Agriculture, Children, Youth

For further information please visit: http://www.raconline.org/

LOAD-DATE: September 3, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              212 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            September 2, 2013 Monday

Utah: CHS Foundation Grants

LENGTH: 268  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Sponsor  CHS Foundation
Deadlines  Applications accepted on an ongoing basis
Contact

Phone: 800.814.0506
Email: info@chsfoundation.org
Purpose

CHS Foundation Grants are awarded to projects and programs working in the
following areas:

Rural Youth Leadership Development: Supports established programs that foster
leadership development among rural youth, such as FFA, 4-H, Ag in the Classroom
and Junior Achievement.
    Cooperative education: Supports cooperative education through a variety of
programs.
    Returning Value to Rural Communities: Supports programs that build
leadership capacity in rural America through adult education and leadership
initiatives. Open to innovative and collaborative approaches to address emerging
issues and opportunities in rural communities.
    Farm and Agriculture Safety: Supports education programs that help keep farm
families, children, and agribusiness professionals safe.

Eligibility

National organizations are eligible. State or regional organizations are most
likely to be funded in the following states: Colorado, Idaho, Illinois, Indiana,
Iowa, Kansas, Michigan, Minnesota, Missouri, Montana, Nebraska, North Dakota,
Ohio, Oklahoma, Oregon, South Dakota, Texas, Utah, Washington, Wisconsin, and
Wyoming.
Geographic
coverage  Nationwide
Amount of
funding

No amount specified.
Application
process

A link to the online application process is available on the program website.
Tagged as  Agriculture, Children, Youth

For further information please visit: http://www.raconline.org/

LOAD-DATE: September 2, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              213 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            August 31, 2013 Saturday

Utah: CHS Foundation Grants

LENGTH: 268  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Sponsor  CHS Foundation
Deadlines  Applications accepted on an ongoing basis
Contact

Phone: 800.814.0506
Email: info@chsfoundation.org
Purpose

CHS Foundation Grants are awarded to projects and programs working in the
following areas:

Rural Youth Leadership Development: Supports established programs that foster
leadership development among rural youth, such as FFA, 4-H, Ag in the Classroom
and Junior Achievement.
    Cooperative education: Supports cooperative education through a variety of
programs.
    Returning Value to Rural Communities: Supports programs that build
leadership capacity in rural America through adult education and leadership
initiatives. Open to innovative and collaborative approaches to address emerging
issues and opportunities in rural communities.
    Farm and Agriculture Safety: Supports education programs that help keep farm
families, children, and agribusiness professionals safe.

Eligibility

National organizations are eligible. State or regional organizations are most
likely to be funded in the following states: Colorado, Idaho, Illinois, Indiana,
Iowa, Kansas, Michigan, Minnesota, Missouri, Montana, Nebraska, North Dakota,
Ohio, Oklahoma, Oregon, South Dakota, Texas, Utah, Washington, Wisconsin, and
Wyoming.
Geographic
coverage  Nationwide
Amount of
funding

No amount specified.
Application
process

A link to the online application process is available on the program website.
Tagged as  Agriculture, Children, Youth

For further information please visit: http://www.raconline.org/

LOAD-DATE: September 1, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              214 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             August 30, 2013 Friday

Utah: CHS Foundation Grants

LENGTH: 268  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Sponsor  CHS Foundation
Deadlines  Applications accepted on an ongoing basis
Contact

Phone: 800.814.0506
Email: info@chsfoundation.org
Purpose

CHS Foundation Grants are awarded to projects and programs working in the
following areas:

Rural Youth Leadership Development: Supports established programs that foster
leadership development among rural youth, such as FFA, 4-H, Ag in the Classroom
and Junior Achievement.
    Cooperative education: Supports cooperative education through a variety of
programs.
    Returning Value to Rural Communities: Supports programs that build
leadership capacity in rural America through adult education and leadership
initiatives. Open to innovative and collaborative approaches to address emerging
issues and opportunities in rural communities.
    Farm and Agriculture Safety: Supports education programs that help keep farm
families, children, and agribusiness professionals safe.

Eligibility

National organizations are eligible. State or regional organizations are most
likely to be funded in the following states: Colorado, Idaho, Illinois, Indiana,
Iowa, Kansas, Michigan, Minnesota, Missouri, Montana, Nebraska, North Dakota,
Ohio, Oklahoma, Oregon, South Dakota, Texas, Utah, Washington, Wisconsin, and
Wyoming.
Geographic
coverage  Nationwide
Amount of
funding

No amount specified.
Application
process

A link to the online application process is available on the program website.
Tagged as  Agriculture, Children, Youth

For further information please visit: http://www.raconline.org/

LOAD-DATE: August 31, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              215 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            August 29, 2013 Thursday

Utah: CHS Foundation Grants

LENGTH: 268  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Sponsor  CHS Foundation
Deadlines  Applications accepted on an ongoing basis
Contact

Phone: 800.814.0506
Email: info@chsfoundation.org
Purpose

CHS Foundation Grants are awarded to projects and programs working in the
following areas:

Rural Youth Leadership Development: Supports established programs that foster
leadership development among rural youth, such as FFA, 4-H, Ag in the Classroom
and Junior Achievement.
    Cooperative education: Supports cooperative education through a variety of
programs.
    Returning Value to Rural Communities: Supports programs that build
leadership capacity in rural America through adult education and leadership
initiatives. Open to innovative and collaborative approaches to address emerging
issues and opportunities in rural communities.
    Farm and Agriculture Safety: Supports education programs that help keep farm
families, children, and agribusiness professionals safe.

Eligibility

National organizations are eligible. State or regional organizations are most
likely to be funded in the following states: Colorado, Idaho, Illinois, Indiana,
Iowa, Kansas, Michigan, Minnesota, Missouri, Montana, Nebraska, North Dakota,
Ohio, Oklahoma, Oregon, South Dakota, Texas, Utah, Washington, Wisconsin, and
Wyoming.
Geographic
coverage  Nationwide
Amount of
funding

No amount specified.
Application
process

A link to the online application process is available on the program website.
Tagged as  Agriculture, Children, Youth

For further information please visit: http://www.raconline.org/

LOAD-DATE: August 29, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              216 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           August 28, 2013 Wednesday

Utah: CHS Foundation Grants

LENGTH: 268  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Sponsor  CHS Foundation
Deadlines  Applications accepted on an ongoing basis
Contact

Phone: 800.814.0506
Email: info@chsfoundation.org
Purpose

CHS Foundation Grants are awarded to projects and programs working in the
following areas:

Rural Youth Leadership Development: Supports established programs that foster
leadership development among rural youth, such as FFA, 4-H, Ag in the Classroom
and Junior Achievement.
    Cooperative education: Supports cooperative education through a variety of
programs.
    Returning Value to Rural Communities: Supports programs that build
leadership capacity in rural America through adult education and leadership
initiatives. Open to innovative and collaborative approaches to address emerging
issues and opportunities in rural communities.
    Farm and Agriculture Safety: Supports education programs that help keep farm
families, children, and agribusiness professionals safe.

Eligibility

National organizations are eligible. State or regional organizations are most
likely to be funded in the following states: Colorado, Idaho, Illinois, Indiana,
Iowa, Kansas, Michigan, Minnesota, Missouri, Montana, Nebraska, North Dakota,
Ohio, Oklahoma, Oregon, South Dakota, Texas, Utah, Washington, Wisconsin, and
Wyoming.
Geographic
coverage  Nationwide
Amount of
funding

No amount specified.
Application
process

A link to the online application process is available on the program website.
Tagged as  Agriculture, Children, Youth

For further information please visit: http://www.raconline.org/

LOAD-DATE: August 28, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              217 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            August 27, 2013 Tuesday

Utah: CHS Foundation Grants

LENGTH: 268  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Sponsor  CHS Foundation
Deadlines  Applications accepted on an ongoing basis
Contact

Phone: 800.814.0506
Email: info@chsfoundation.org
Purpose

CHS Foundation Grants are awarded to projects and programs working in the
following areas:

Rural Youth Leadership Development: Supports established programs that foster
leadership development among rural youth, such as FFA, 4-H, Ag in the Classroom
and Junior Achievement.
    Cooperative education: Supports cooperative education through a variety of
programs.
    Returning Value to Rural Communities: Supports programs that build
leadership capacity in rural America through adult education and leadership
initiatives. Open to innovative and collaborative approaches to address emerging
issues and opportunities in rural communities.
    Farm and Agriculture Safety: Supports education programs that help keep farm
families, children, and agribusiness professionals safe.

Eligibility

National organizations are eligible. State or regional organizations are most
likely to be funded in the following states: Colorado, Idaho, Illinois, Indiana,
Iowa, Kansas, Michigan, Minnesota, Missouri, Montana, Nebraska, North Dakota,
Ohio, Oklahoma, Oregon, South Dakota, Texas, Utah, Washington, Wisconsin, and
Wyoming.
Geographic
coverage  Nationwide
Amount of
funding

No amount specified.
Application
process

A link to the online application process is available on the program website.
Tagged as  Agriculture, Children, Youth

For further information please visit: http://www.raconline.org/

LOAD-DATE: August 28, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              218 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             August 26, 2013 Monday

Utah: CHS Foundation Grants

LENGTH: 268  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Sponsor  CHS Foundation
Deadlines  Applications accepted on an ongoing basis
Contact

Phone: 800.814.0506
Email: info@chsfoundation.org
Purpose

CHS Foundation Grants are awarded to projects and programs working in the
following areas:

Rural Youth Leadership Development: Supports established programs that foster
leadership development among rural youth, such as FFA, 4-H, Ag in the Classroom
and Junior Achievement.
    Cooperative education: Supports cooperative education through a variety of
programs.
    Returning Value to Rural Communities: Supports programs that build
leadership capacity in rural America through adult education and leadership
initiatives. Open to innovative and collaborative approaches to address emerging
issues and opportunities in rural communities.
    Farm and Agriculture Safety: Supports education programs that help keep farm
families, children, and agribusiness professionals safe.

Eligibility

National organizations are eligible. State or regional organizations are most
likely to be funded in the following states: Colorado, Idaho, Illinois, Indiana,
Iowa, Kansas, Michigan, Minnesota, Missouri, Montana, Nebraska, North Dakota,
Ohio, Oklahoma, Oregon, South Dakota, Texas, Utah, Washington, Wisconsin, and
Wyoming.
Geographic
coverage  Nationwide
Amount of
funding

No amount specified.
Application
process

A link to the online application process is available on the program website.
Tagged as  Agriculture, Children, Youth

For further information please visit: http://www.raconline.org/

LOAD-DATE: August 27, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              219 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            August 24, 2013 Saturday

Utah: CHS Foundation Grants

LENGTH: 268  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Sponsor  CHS Foundation
Deadlines  Applications accepted on an ongoing basis
Contact

Phone: 800.814.0506
Email: info@chsfoundation.org
Purpose

CHS Foundation Grants are awarded to projects and programs working in the
following areas:

Rural Youth Leadership Development: Supports established programs that foster
leadership development among rural youth, such as FFA, 4-H, Ag in the Classroom
and Junior Achievement.
    Cooperative education: Supports cooperative education through a variety of
programs.
    Returning Value to Rural Communities: Supports programs that build
leadership capacity in rural America through adult education and leadership
initiatives. Open to innovative and collaborative approaches to address emerging
issues and opportunities in rural communities.
    Farm and Agriculture Safety: Supports education programs that help keep farm
families, children, and agribusiness professionals safe.

Eligibility

National organizations are eligible. State or regional organizations are most
likely to be funded in the following states: Colorado, Idaho, Illinois, Indiana,
Iowa, Kansas, Michigan, Minnesota, Missouri, Montana, Nebraska, North Dakota,
Ohio, Oklahoma, Oregon, South Dakota, Texas, Utah, Washington, Wisconsin, and
Wyoming.
Geographic
coverage  Nationwide
Amount of
funding

No amount specified.
Application
process

A link to the online application process is available on the program website.
Tagged as  Agriculture, Children, Youth

For further information please visit: http://www.raconline.org/

LOAD-DATE: August 25, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              220 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             August 23, 2013 Friday

Utah: CHS Foundation Grants

LENGTH: 268  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Sponsor  CHS Foundation
Deadlines  Applications accepted on an ongoing basis
Contact

Phone: 800.814.0506
Email: info@chsfoundation.org
Purpose

CHS Foundation Grants are awarded to projects and programs working in the
following areas:

Rural Youth Leadership Development: Supports established programs that foster
leadership development among rural youth, such as FFA, 4-H, Ag in the Classroom
and Junior Achievement.
    Cooperative education: Supports cooperative education through a variety of
programs.
    Returning Value to Rural Communities: Supports programs that build
leadership capacity in rural America through adult education and leadership
initiatives. Open to innovative and collaborative approaches to address emerging
issues and opportunities in rural communities.
    Farm and Agriculture Safety: Supports education programs that help keep farm
families, children, and agribusiness professionals safe.

Eligibility

National organizations are eligible. State or regional organizations are most
likely to be funded in the following states: Colorado, Idaho, Illinois, Indiana,
Iowa, Kansas, Michigan, Minnesota, Missouri, Montana, Nebraska, North Dakota,
Ohio, Oklahoma, Oregon, South Dakota, Texas, Utah, Washington, Wisconsin, and
Wyoming.
Geographic
coverage  Nationwide
Amount of
funding

No amount specified.
Application
process

A link to the online application process is available on the program website.
Tagged as  Agriculture, Children, Youth

For further information please visit: http://www.raconline.org/

LOAD-DATE: August 23, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              221 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            August 22, 2013 Thursday

Utah: CHS Foundation Grants

LENGTH: 268  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Sponsor  CHS Foundation
Deadlines  Applications accepted on an ongoing basis
Contact

Phone: 800.814.0506
Email: info@chsfoundation.org
Purpose

CHS Foundation Grants are awarded to projects and programs working in the
following areas:

Rural Youth Leadership Development: Supports established programs that foster
leadership development among rural youth, such as FFA, 4-H, Ag in the Classroom
and Junior Achievement.
    Cooperative education: Supports cooperative education through a variety of
programs.
    Returning Value to Rural Communities: Supports programs that build
leadership capacity in rural America through adult education and leadership
initiatives. Open to innovative and collaborative approaches to address emerging
issues and opportunities in rural communities.
    Farm and Agriculture Safety: Supports education programs that help keep farm
families, children, and agribusiness professionals safe.

Eligibility

National organizations are eligible. State or regional organizations are most
likely to be funded in the following states: Colorado, Idaho, Illinois, Indiana,
Iowa, Kansas, Michigan, Minnesota, Missouri, Montana, Nebraska, North Dakota,
Ohio, Oklahoma, Oregon, South Dakota, Texas, Utah, Washington, Wisconsin, and
Wyoming.
Geographic
coverage  Nationwide
Amount of
funding

No amount specified.
Application
process

A link to the online application process is available on the program website.
Tagged as  Agriculture, Children, Youth

For further information please visit: http://www.raconline.org/

LOAD-DATE: August 22, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              222 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             August 16, 2013 Friday

Utah: CHS Foundation Grants

LENGTH: 268  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Sponsor  CHS Foundation
Deadlines  Applications accepted on an ongoing basis
Contact

Phone: 800.814.0506
Email: info@chsfoundation.org
Purpose

CHS Foundation Grants are awarded to projects and programs working in the
following areas:

Rural Youth Leadership Development: Supports established programs that foster
leadership development among rural youth, such as FFA, 4-H, Ag in the Classroom
and Junior Achievement.
    Cooperative education: Supports cooperative education through a variety of
programs.
    Returning Value to Rural Communities: Supports programs that build
leadership capacity in rural America through adult education and leadership
initiatives. Open to innovative and collaborative approaches to address emerging
issues and opportunities in rural communities.
    Farm and Agriculture Safety: Supports education programs that help keep farm
families, children, and agribusiness professionals safe.

Eligibility

National organizations are eligible. State or regional organizations are most
likely to be funded in the following states: Colorado, Idaho, Illinois, Indiana,
Iowa, Kansas, Michigan, Minnesota, Missouri, Montana, Nebraska, North Dakota,
Ohio, Oklahoma, Oregon, South Dakota, Texas, Utah, Washington, Wisconsin, and
Wyoming.
Geographic
coverage  Nationwide
Amount of
funding

No amount specified.
Application
process

A link to the online application process is available on the program website.
Tagged as  Agriculture, Children, Youth

For further information please visit: http://www.raconline.org/

LOAD-DATE: August 16, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              223 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             May 22, 2014 Thursday

Utah: CHS Foundation Grants

LENGTH: 270  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Sponsor  CHS Foundation
Deadlines  Applications accepted on an ongoing basis
Contact

Phone: 800.814.0506
Email: info@chsfoundation.org
Purpose

CHS Foundation Grants are awarded to projects and programs working in the
following areas:

Rural Youth Leadership Development: Supports established programs that foster
leadership development among rural youth, such as FFA, 4-H, Ag in the Classroom
and Junior Achievement.
    Cooperative education: Supports cooperative education through a variety of
programs.
    Returning Value to Rural Communities: Supports programs that build
leadership capacity in rural America through adult education and leadership
initiatives. Open to innovative and collaborative approaches to address emerging
issues and opportunities in rural communities.
    Farm and Agriculture Safety: Supports education programs that help keep farm
families, children, and agribusiness professionals safe.

Eligibility

National organizations are eligible. State or regional organizations are most
likely to be funded in the following states: Colorado, Idaho, Illinois, Indiana,
Iowa, Kansas, Michigan, Minnesota, Missouri, Montana, Nebraska, North Dakota,
Ohio, Oklahoma, Oregon, South Dakota, Texas, Utah, Washington, Wisconsin, and
Wyoming.
Geographic
coverage  Nationwide
Amount of
funding

No amount specified.
Application
process

A link to the online application process is available on the program website.
Tagged as  Agriculture, Children, Youth

For further information please visit: http://www.raconline.org/

LOAD-DATE: May 23, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              224 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             May 14, 2014 Wednesday

Utah: CHS Foundation Grants

LENGTH: 268  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Sponsor  CHS Foundation
Deadlines  Applications accepted on an ongoing basis
Contact

Phone: 800.814.0506
Email: info@chsfoundation.org
Purpose

CHS Foundation Grants are awarded to projects and programs working in the
following areas:

Rural Youth Leadership Development: Supports established programs that foster
leadership development among rural youth, such as FFA, 4-H, Ag in the Classroom
and Junior Achievement.
    Cooperative education: Supports cooperative education through a variety of
programs.
    Returning Value to Rural Communities: Supports programs that build
leadership capacity in rural America through adult education and leadership
initiatives. Open to innovative and collaborative approaches to address emerging
issues and opportunities in rural communities.
    Farm and Agriculture Safety: Supports education programs that help keep farm
families, children, and agribusiness professionals safe.

Eligibility

National organizations are eligible. State or regional organizations are most
likely to be funded in the following states: Colorado, Idaho, Illinois, Indiana,
Iowa, Kansas, Michigan, Minnesota, Missouri, Montana, Nebraska, North Dakota,
Ohio, Oklahoma, Oregon, South Dakota, Texas, Utah, Washington, Wisconsin, and
Wyoming.
Geographic
coverage  Nationwide
Amount of
funding

No amount specified.
Application
process

A link to the online application process is available on the program website.
Tagged as  Agriculture, Children, Youth

For further information please visit: http://www.raconline.org/

LOAD-DATE: May 15, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              225 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             May 7, 2014 Wednesday

Utah: CHS Foundation Grants

LENGTH: 268  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Sponsor  CHS Foundation
Deadlines  Applications accepted on an ongoing basis
Contact

Phone: 800.814.0506
Email: info@chsfoundation.org
Purpose

CHS Foundation Grants are awarded to projects and programs working in the
following areas:

Rural Youth Leadership Development: Supports established programs that foster
leadership development among rural youth, such as FFA, 4-H, Ag in the Classroom
and Junior Achievement.
    Cooperative education: Supports cooperative education through a variety of
programs.
    Returning Value to Rural Communities: Supports programs that build
leadership capacity in rural America through adult education and leadership
initiatives. Open to innovative and collaborative approaches to address emerging
issues and opportunities in rural communities.
    Farm and Agriculture Safety: Supports education programs that help keep farm
families, children, and agribusiness professionals safe.

Eligibility

National organizations are eligible. State or regional organizations are most
likely to be funded in the following states: Colorado, Idaho, Illinois, Indiana,
Iowa, Kansas, Michigan, Minnesota, Missouri, Montana, Nebraska, North Dakota,
Ohio, Oklahoma, Oregon, South Dakota, Texas, Utah, Washington, Wisconsin, and
Wyoming.
Geographic
coverage  Nationwide
Amount of
funding

No amount specified.
Application
process

A link to the online application process is available on the program website.
Tagged as  Agriculture, Children, Youth

For further information please visit: http://www.raconline.org/

LOAD-DATE: May 9, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              226 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            August 15, 2013 Thursday

Utah: CHS Foundation Grants

LENGTH: 268  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Sponsor  CHS Foundation
Deadlines  Applications accepted on an ongoing basis
Contact

Phone: 800.814.0506
Email: info@chsfoundation.org
Purpose

CHS Foundation Grants are awarded to projects and programs working in the
following areas:

Rural Youth Leadership Development: Supports established programs that foster
leadership development among rural youth, such as FFA, 4-H, Ag in the Classroom
and Junior Achievement.
    Cooperative education: Supports cooperative education through a variety of
programs.
    Returning Value to Rural Communities: Supports programs that build
leadership capacity in rural America through adult education and leadership
initiatives. Open to innovative and collaborative approaches to address emerging
issues and opportunities in rural communities.
    Farm and Agriculture Safety: Supports education programs that help keep farm
families, children, and agribusiness professionals safe.

Eligibility

National organizations are eligible. State or regional organizations are most
likely to be funded in the following states: Colorado, Idaho, Illinois, Indiana,
Iowa, Kansas, Michigan, Minnesota, Missouri, Montana, Nebraska, North Dakota,
Ohio, Oklahoma, Oregon, South Dakota, Texas, Utah, Washington, Wisconsin, and
Wyoming.
Geographic
coverage  Nationwide
Amount of
funding

No amount specified.
Application
process

A link to the online application process is available on the program website.
Tagged as  Agriculture, Children, Youth

For further information please visit: http://www.raconline.org/

LOAD-DATE: August 15, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              227 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           August 14, 2013 Wednesday

Utah: CHS Foundation Grants

LENGTH: 268  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Sponsor  CHS Foundation
Deadlines  Applications accepted on an ongoing basis
Contact

Phone: 800.814.0506
Email: info@chsfoundation.org
Purpose

CHS Foundation Grants are awarded to projects and programs working in the
following areas:

Rural Youth Leadership Development: Supports established programs that foster
leadership development among rural youth, such as FFA, 4-H, Ag in the Classroom
and Junior Achievement.
    Cooperative education: Supports cooperative education through a variety of
programs.
    Returning Value to Rural Communities: Supports programs that build
leadership capacity in rural America through adult education and leadership
initiatives. Open to innovative and collaborative approaches to address emerging
issues and opportunities in rural communities.
    Farm and Agriculture Safety: Supports education programs that help keep farm
families, children, and agribusiness professionals safe.

Eligibility

National organizations are eligible. State or regional organizations are most
likely to be funded in the following states: Colorado, Idaho, Illinois, Indiana,
Iowa, Kansas, Michigan, Minnesota, Missouri, Montana, Nebraska, North Dakota,
Ohio, Oklahoma, Oregon, South Dakota, Texas, Utah, Washington, Wisconsin, and
Wyoming.
Geographic
coverage  Nationwide
Amount of
funding

No amount specified.
Application
process

A link to the online application process is available on the program website.
Tagged as  Agriculture, Children, Youth

For further information please visit: http://www.raconline.org/

LOAD-DATE: August 14, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              228 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            August 13, 2013 Tuesday

Utah: CHS Foundation Grants

LENGTH: 268  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Sponsor  CHS Foundation
Deadlines  Applications accepted on an ongoing basis
Contact

Phone: 800.814.0506
Email: info@chsfoundation.org
Purpose

CHS Foundation Grants are awarded to projects and programs working in the
following areas:

Rural Youth Leadership Development: Supports established programs that foster
leadership development among rural youth, such as FFA, 4-H, Ag in the Classroom
and Junior Achievement.
    Cooperative education: Supports cooperative education through a variety of
programs.
    Returning Value to Rural Communities: Supports programs that build
leadership capacity in rural America through adult education and leadership
initiatives. Open to innovative and collaborative approaches to address emerging
issues and opportunities in rural communities.
    Farm and Agriculture Safety: Supports education programs that help keep farm
families, children, and agribusiness professionals safe.

Eligibility

National organizations are eligible. State or regional organizations are most
likely to be funded in the following states: Colorado, Idaho, Illinois, Indiana,
Iowa, Kansas, Michigan, Minnesota, Missouri, Montana, Nebraska, North Dakota,
Ohio, Oklahoma, Oregon, South Dakota, Texas, Utah, Washington, Wisconsin, and
Wyoming.
Geographic
coverage  Nationwide
Amount of
funding

No amount specified.
Application
process

A link to the online application process is available on the program website.
Tagged as  Agriculture, Children, Youth

For further information please visit: http://www.raconline.org/

LOAD-DATE: August 13, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              229 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             August 6, 2013 Tuesday

Utah: CHS Foundation Grants

LENGTH: 268  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Sponsor  CHS Foundation
Deadlines  Applications accepted on an ongoing basis
Contact

Phone: 800.814.0506
Email: info@chsfoundation.org
Purpose

CHS Foundation Grants are awarded to projects and programs working in the
following areas:

Rural Youth Leadership Development: Supports established programs that foster
leadership development among rural youth, such as FFA, 4-H, Ag in the Classroom
and Junior Achievement.
    Cooperative education: Supports cooperative education through a variety of
programs.
    Returning Value to Rural Communities: Supports programs that build
leadership capacity in rural America through adult education and leadership
initiatives. Open to innovative and collaborative approaches to address emerging
issues and opportunities in rural communities.
    Farm and Agriculture Safety: Supports education programs that help keep farm
families, children, and agribusiness professionals safe.

Eligibility

National organizations are eligible. State or regional organizations are most
likely to be funded in the following states: Colorado, Idaho, Illinois, Indiana,
Iowa, Kansas, Michigan, Minnesota, Missouri, Montana, Nebraska, North Dakota,
Ohio, Oklahoma, Oregon, South Dakota, Texas, Utah, Washington, Wisconsin, and
Wyoming.
Geographic
coverage  Nationwide
Amount of
funding

No amount specified.
Application
process

A link to the online application process is available on the program website.
Tagged as  Agriculture, Children, Youth

For further information please visit: http://www.raconline.org/

LOAD-DATE: August 6, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              230 of 998 DOCUMENTS

              Copyright 2017 GlobalData Ltd., All Rights Reserved
                              GlobalData - Events

                                January 13, 2017

                      Federated Rural Electric Association

                              77100 US Highway 71
                                 Jackson 56143
                                 United States

* * * * * * * * * * EVENTS * * * * * * * * * *


USDA Announces Funding Of Around $1.95 Billion To Improve Electric Service In
Rural Communities Across US

   Oct 11, 2012

   The U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA) announced funding to modernize and
improve the efficiency of rural electric generation and transmission systems.
The announcement includes additional support of $134m in smart grid
technologies. The $1.95 billion in loan guarantees announced are provided by
USDA Rural Development's Rural Utilities Service.The funding helps electric
utilities upgrade, expand, maintain and replace rural America's electric
infrastructure. The agency also funds energy conservation and renewable energy
projects.Tom Vilsack, agriculture secretary at USDA, said, USDA and the Obama
administration continue to make key investments in rural electric cooperatives
that will modernize service and improve reliability for rural businesses and
residential customer. Today's announcement also includes funding that will
enable rural electric cooperatives and utilities to adopt smart grid
technologies in their operation as part of the ongoing efforts to modernize
rural America's electric grid. The following is a list of rural utilities that
will receive USDA funding, which is contingent upon the recipient meeting the
terms of the loan agreement. South Alabama Electric Cooperative will receive
$17,800,000 that will be used to build and improve 144 miles of distribution
line and make other system improvements. The loan guarantee includes $125,000 in
smart grid projects. Arkansas Electric Cooperative Corporation will receive
$245,000,000 that will be used to acquire Hot Spring Generating Facility, a 660
MW natural gas-fired, combined-cycle electric generating plant. The funding also
covers communities in Louisiana, Missouri, Oklahoma and Texas. Kirkwood Meadows
Public Utility District will receive $50,000,000 that will be used to build or
improve 40 miles of distribution and transmission line and make other system
improvements in California. The loan guarantee includes $200,000 in smart grid
projects. Eagle Valley Clean Energy, LLC will receive $40,000,000 that will be
used to partially finance a renewable generating plant with a capacity of 11.5
MW in Colorado. The plant will utilize wood biomass for fuel. Green Energy Team,
LLC will receive $72,883,000 that will be used to partially finance a renewable
generating plant with a capacity of 7.5 MW in Hawaii. The plant will utilize
wood biomass for fuel. Southern Iowa Electric Cooperative, Inc. will receive
$10,000,000 that will be used to build and improve 106 miles of distribution
line and make other system improvements. The loan guarantee includes $135,000 in
smart grid projects and $2,043,387 for storm damage projects. SMECO Solar, LLC
will receive $14,565,000 that will be used to finance the construction of the
Herbert Farm Solar Project, a 5.5 MW renewable solar-powered generating facility
in Maryland. Southern Maryland Electric Cooperative, Inc. will receive
$87,160,000 that will be used to build 37 miles of transmission line and make
other system improvements. Federated Rural Electric Association will receive
$6,700,000 that will used to build and improve 76 miles of distribution line and
make other system improvements in Minnesota and Iowa. The loan guarantee
includes $1,542,000 in smart grid projects. South Mississippi Electric Power
Association will also receive $480,000,000 that will be used to finance a 15%
share of the Kemper County Integrated Gasification combined cycle project. South
Mississippi Electric Power Association will receive $90,863,000 that will be
used to build seven miles of transmission line and four new substations and make
communications upgrades. The loan amount includes $67,228,000 in smart grid
projects. KAMO Electric Cooperative, Inc. will receive $154,600,000 that will be
used to finance 116 miles of new transmission line, two substations and make
other system improvements in Missouri and Oklahoma. The loan amount includes
$32,120,980 in smart grid projects. KBR Rural Public Power District will receive
$13,314,000 that will be used to build and improve 129 miles of distribution
line and nine miles of transmission line, and make other system improvements in
Nebraska . The loan amount includes $791,475 in smart grid projects. Otero
County Electric Cooperative, Inc. will receive $30,886,000 that will be used to
build and improve 200 miles of distribution line and 10 miles of transmission
line, and make other system improvements in New Mexico. The loan amount includes
$345,000 in smart grid projects. Central Valley Electric Cooperative, Inc. will
receive $44,973,000 that will be used to build and improve 589 miles of
distribution line and 30 miles of transmission line, and make other system
improvements in New Mexico. Delaware County Electric Cooperative, Inc. will
receive $5,000,000 that will be used to build and improve 53 miles of
distribution line, two substations and make other system improvements in New
York. The loan amount includes $50,660 in smart grid projects. Minnkota Power
Cooperative, Inc. will receive $308,700,000 that will be used to build 260 miles
of transmission line in North Dakota and Minnesota. The loan amount includes
$2,800,000 in smart grid projects. Mountrail-Williams Electric Cooperative will
receive $54,000,000 that will be used to build and improve 520 miles of
distribution line and make other system improvements in North Dakota and
Montana. The loan amount includes $659,800 in smart grid projects. Firelands
Electric Cooperative, Inc. will receive $4,800,000 that will be used to build
and improve 43 miles of distribution line, and make other system improvements in
Ohio. The loan amount includes $1,122,000 in smart grid projects.Midwest
Electric Cooperative, Inc. will receive $9,000,000 that will be used to build
and improve 115 miles of distribution line, and make other system improvements
in Ohio. The loan amount includes $288,900 in smart grid projects. San Patrico
Electric Cooperative, Inc. will receive $16,853,000 that will be used to build
and improve 202 miles of distribution line, and make other system improvements
in Texas. The loan amount includes $2,157,754 in smart grid projects. East Texas
Electric Cooperative, Inc. will receive $151,000,000 that will be used to
finance a 50 MW renewable generating plant. The plant will use wood biomass for
fuel. Orcas Power and Light Cooperative will receive $38,402,000 that will be
used to build and improve 109 miles of distribution line, and make other system
improvements in Washington. The loan amount includes $24,296,000 in smart grid
projects. Wyrulec Company will receive $4,887,000 that will be used to build and
improve 85 miles of distribution line, and make other system improvements in
Wyoming and Nebraska. The loan amount includes $155,700 in smart grid projects.


USDA Announces Funding To Reduce Energy Costs For Rural Small Businesses

   Nov 09, 2011

   The U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA) is funding projects to harness
wind, solar, geothermal and hydroelectric power to reduce energy costs for farms
and small business across rural America.One of the projects announced will
assist Hawkeye Tri-County Electric Cooperative in Cresco, Iowa, to install a
geothermal heating and cooling system in its headquarters building. Coon Valley
Turkeys, LLC, in Lake View, Iowa, is receiving funding to install a wind turbine
to offset the cost of electricity. Gary Larson of Underwood, Iowa, will receive
assistance to install a geothermal heating and cooling system in a shop that
services his farming operations.Below is a complete list of funding recipients
announced: Alaska Sea Lion Corp.- $50,000 grant wind project Colorado Avalanche
Ranch- $300,000 grant geothermal generation Connecticut Putnam Green Power-
$275,000 grant hydro electric Iowa Blake Organic Farms- $5,230 grant Feed Mill
energy project CPU Property Management- $12,667 grant geothermal Don Johnston
Construction- $15,937 grant wind generation E-4 Sons Company- $7,171 grant
geothermal Energique, Inc- $20,000 grant geothermal Heritage Wood Products-
$15,610 grant geothermal John Oliver- $18,065 grant wind Kevin Eisenman- $11,849
grant geothermal MJF Roadhouse- $7,607 grant geothermal Rick Ryan- $15,849 grant
geothermal Coon Valley Turkeys- $50,000 grant wind Dennis Smith, Inc.- $29,694
grant, $59,388 loan, geothermal Gary Larson- $49,727 grant geothermal Hawkeye
Tri-County Electric Cooperative- $50,000 grant geothermal Thomas Rabel- $39,949
grant wind-solar Thorsen Brothers, Inc.- $39,703 grant wind Crystal 28 LLP-
$36,750 grant wind Kansas Cornwell Farms- $14,262 grant geothermal BCP
Centerwind- $50,000 grant wind BCP Eastwind- $50,000 grant wind BCP Westwind-
$50,000 grant wind Pestinger Beverage Co.- $19,750 grant wind Maryland Iager
Brothers- $78,800 grant dolar electric Massachusetts Mill Valley Associates-
$89,636 grant solar electric Michigan Brad Hagen- $17,002 grant geothermal Jade-
$20,000 grant solar, geothermal Reinbold Organic Farms- $20,000 grant geothermal
Meadowridge Inc.- $46,377 grant greenhouse efficiency Lonnie Irion- $35,724
grant solar, geothermal William Ankley- $30,000 grant solar electric Minnesota
Byron Klaassen- $9,260 grant geothermal Federated Rural Electric- $12,165 grant
geothermal Gary Carlson- $9,767 grant geothermal Hammer Ag Sales- $6,565 grant
geothermal James Behrends- $11,526 grant geothermal Jared Ahlers- $6,500 grant
geothermal Jonathan Wenzel- $10,085 grant geothermal Nobles Cooperative
Electric- $14,880 grant geothermal Thomas Olsem- $6,332 grant geothermal Willis
Sandbulte- $4,956 grant geothermal Nebraska Michelle Huddle- $11,058 grant
geothermal Tekolste Enterprises- $19,750 grant wind New Jersey David Ackley-
$20,000 grant solar electric 9 Main St. LLC- $442,750 grant solar electric
Auburn Road Enterprises- $32,571 grant solar electric Blairwood Farms, Inc.-
$49,975 grant solar electric Harvery's Honey Inc.- $50,000 grant solar electric
Outnumbered Energy- $254,852 grant solar electric Provision Energy- $129,630
grant solar electric Provision Energy- $161,797 grant solar electric Waldac
Farm- $133,245 grant solar electric New York Micosta Enterprises- $19,860 grant
solar/geothermal North Carolina Mayberry Solar LLC- $4m loan solar Oregon EZ
Orchards- $123,413 grant solar electric EBD Hydro- $7.2m loan hydro electric
Utah BMB Enterprises- $500,000 grant hydro electric Vermont Green Mountain Env.-
$49,325 grant hydro Wisconsin Scenic View Organic Eggs- $31,057 grant solar
electric USDA funding is being provided through the Rural Energy for America
Program (REAP) and is contingent on the recipient meeting the conditions of the
grant or loan agreement. REAP grants can finance up to 25% of a project's cost,
up to $500,000 for renewable energy systems and $250,000 for energy efficiency
improvements.
* * * * * * * * * * OTHER AVAILABLE REPORTS * * * * * * * * * *
Company Overview                        Events
Key Operational Employees               Key Employees
Key Facts                               Major Products and Services
Top Competitors

 * * * * * * * * * * NOTE * * * * * * * * * *

   GlobalData uses a range of research techniques to gather and verify its
information and analysis. These include primary research, in-house knowledge and
expertise, proprietary databases, and secondary sources such as company
websites, annual reports, SEC filings and press releases. Disclaimer: No part of
this publication may be reproduced, stored in a retrieval system or transmitted
in any form by any means, electronic, mechanical, photocopying, recording or
otherwise, without the prior permission of the publisher, GlobalData. The facts
of this report are believed to be correct at the time of publication but cannot
be guaranteed. Please note that the findings, conclusions and recommendations
that GlobalData delivers will be based on information gathered in good faith
from both primary and secondary sources, whose accuracy we are not always in a
position to guarantee. As such GlobalData can accept no liability whatever for
actions taken based on any information that may subsequently prove to be
incorrect.

LOAD-DATE: January 13, 2017


                              231 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             March 25, 2016 Friday

FEDERAL REGISTER: Inviting Applications for Rural Cooperative Development Grants

LENGTH: 9877  words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Washington: Office of the Federal Register has issued the following notice:



   DEPARTMENT OF AGRICULTURE Rural Business-Cooperative Service Inviting
Applications for Rural Cooperative Development Grants AGENCY: Rural Business-
Cooperative Service, USDA. ACTION: Notice.
----------------------------------------------------------------------- SUMMARY:
This Notice announces that the Rural Business-Cooperative Service (Agency) is
accepting fiscal year (FY) 2016 applications for the Rural Cooperative
Development Grant (RCDG) program as authorized by the Consolidated
Appropriations Act, 2016 (Pub.

L. 114-113). Approximately $5.8 million is available to be competitively
awarded. The purpose of this program is to provide financial assistance to
improve the economic condition of rural areas through cooperative development.
Eligible applicants include a non-profit corporation or an institution of higher
education. The Agency is encouraging applications that direct grants to projects
based in or serving census tracts with poverty rates greater than or equal to 20
percent. This emphasis will support Rural Development's (RD) mission of
improving the quality of life for Rural Americans and its commitment to
directing resources to those who most need them. DATES: Completed applications
must be submitted on paper or electronically according to the following
deadlines: Paper applications must be postmarked and mailed, shipped, or sent
overnight no later than June 23, 2016. You may also hand carry your application
to one of our field offices, but it must be received by close of business on the
deadline date. Late applications are not eligible for funding under this Notice
and will not be evaluated. Electronic applications must be received by June 20,
2016 to be eligible for grant funding. Please review the Grants.gov Web site at
http://www.grants.gov/web/grants/applicants/organization-registration.html. For
[[Page 16128]] instructions on the process of registering your organization as
soon as possible to ensure you are able to meet the electronic application
deadline. Late applications are not eligible for funding under this Notice and
will not be evaluated. ADDRESSES: You should contact a USDA Rural Development
State Office (State Office) if you have questions. You are encouraged to contact
your State Office well in advance of the application deadline to discuss your
project and ask any questions about the application process. Contact information
for State Offices can be found at
http://www.rd.usda.gov/contact-us/state-offices. Program guidance as well as
application and matching funds templates may be obtained at
http://www.rd.usda.gov/programs-services/rural-cooperative-development-grant
-program. If you want to submit an electronic application, follow the
instructions for the RCDG funding announcement located at http://www.grants.gov.
If you want to submit a paper application, send it to the State Office located
in the State where you are headquartered. If you are headquartered in
Washington, DC please contact the Grants Division, Cooperative Programs, Rural
Business-Cooperative Service, at (202) 690-1374 for guidance on where to submit
your application. FOR FURTHER INFORMATION CONTACT: Grants Division, Cooperative
Programs, Rural Business-Cooperative Service, United States Department of
Agriculture, 1400 Independence Avenue SW., Mail Stop 3253, Room 4208-- South,
Washington, DC 20250-3253, (202) 690-1374. SUPPLEMENTARY INFORMATION: Overview
Federal Agency: Rural Business-Cooperative Service. Funding Opportunity Title:
Rural Cooperative Development Grants. Announcement Type: Initial Notice. Catalog
of Federal Domestic Assistance Number: 10.771. Date: Application Deadline. Paper
applications must be postmarked, mailed, shipped, or sent overnight no later
than June 23, 2016, or it will not be considered for funding. You may also hand
carry your application to one of our field offices, but it must be received by
close of business on the deadline date. Electronic applications must be received
by http://www.grants.gov no later than midnight eastern time June 20, 2016, or
it will not be considered for funding. Paperwork Reduction Act In accordance
with the Paperwork Reduction Act, the paperwork burden associated with this
Notice has been approved by the Office of Management and Budget (OMB) under OMB
Control Number 0570-0006. A. Program Description The RCDG program is authorized
under section 310B(e) of the Consolidated Farm and Rural Development Act
(CONACT) (7 U.S.C. 1932 (e)) as amended by the Agricultural Act of 2014 (Pub. L.
113-79). You are required to comply with the regulations for this program
published at 7 CFR part 4284, subparts A and F, which are incorporated by
reference in this Notice. Therefore, you should become familiar with these
regulations. The primary objective of the RCDG program is to improve the
economic condition of rural areas through cooperative development. Grants are
awarded on a competitive basis. The maximum award amount per grant is $200,000.
Grants are available for non-profit corporations or higher education
institutions only. Grant funds may be used to pay for up to 75 percent of the
cost of establishing and operating centers for rural cooperative development.
Grant funds may be used to pay for 95 percent of the cost of establishing and
operating centers for rural cooperative development, when the applicant is a
1994 Institution as defined by 7 U.S.C. 301. The 1994 Institutions are commonly
known as Tribal Land Grant Institutions. Centers may have the expertise on staff
or they can contract out for the expertise, to assist individuals or entities in
the startup, expansion or operational improvement of rural businesses,
especially cooperative or mutually- owned businesses. Definitions The terms you
need to understand are defined and published at 7 CFR 4284.3 and 7 CFR 4284.504.
In addition, the terms ``rural'' and ``rural area,'' defined at section
343(a)(13) of the CONACT (7 U.S.C. 1991(a)), are incorporated by reference, and
will be used for this program instead of those terms currently published at 7
CFR 4284.3. The term ``you'' referenced throughout this Notice should be
understood to mean ``you'' the applicant. Finally, there has been some confusion
on the Agency's meaning of the terms ``conflict of interest'' and ``mutually-
owned business,'' because they are not defined in the CONACT or in the
regulations used for the program. Therefore, the terms are clarified and should
be understood as follows. Conflict of interest--A situation in which a person or
entity has competing personal, professional, or financial interests that make it
difficult for the person or business to act impartially. Regarding use of both
grant and matching funds, Federal procurement standards prohibit transactions
that involve a real or apparent conflict of interest for owners, employees,
officers, agents, or their immediate family members having a financial or other
interest in the outcome of the project; or that restrict open and free
competition for unrestrained trade. Specifically, project funds may not be used
for services or goods going to, or coming from, a person or entity with a real
or apparent conflict of interest, including, but not limited to, owner(s) and
their immediate family members. An example of conflict of interest occurs when
the grantee's employees, board of directors, or the immediate family of either,
have the appearance of a professional or personal financial interest in the
recipients receiving the benefits or services of the grant. Mutually-owned
business--An organization owned and governed by members who either are its
consumers, producers, employees, or suppliers. B. Federal Award Information Type
of Award: Competitive Grant. Fiscal Year Funds: FY 2016. Total Funding:
Approximately $5.8 million. Maximum Award: $200,000. Anticipated Award Date:
September 30, 2016. C. Eligibility Information Applicants must meet all of the
following eligibility requirements. Applications which fail to meet any of these
requirements by the application deadline will be deemed ineligible and will not
be evaluated further. 1. Eligible Applicants You must be a nonprofit corporation
or an institution of higher education to apply for this program. Public bodies
and individuals cannot apply for this program. See 7 CFR 4284.507. You must also
meet the following requirements: a. An applicant is ineligible if they have been
debarred or suspended or otherwise excluded from or ineligible for participation
in Federal assistance programs under Executive Order 12549, ``Debarment and
Suspension.'' The Agency will check the System for Award Management (SAM) to
determine if the applicant has been debarred or suspended. In addition, an
applicant [[Page 16129]] will be considered ineligible for a grant due to an
outstanding judgment obtained by the U.S. in a Federal Court (other than U.S.
Tax Court), is delinquent on the payment of Federal income taxes, or is
delinquent on Federal debt. See 7 CFR 4284.6. The applicant must certify as part
of the application that they do not have an outstanding judgement against them.
The Agency will check the Credit Alert Interactive Voice Response System
(CAIVRS) to verify this. b. Any corporation that has been convicted of a felony
criminal violation under any Federal law within the past 24 months or that has
any unpaid Federal tax liability that has been assessed, for which all judicial
and administrative remedies have been exhausted or have lapsed, and that is not
being paid in a timely manner pursuant to an agreement with the authority
responsible for collecting the tax liability, is not eligible for financial
assistance provided with funds appropriated by the Consolidated Appropriations
Act, 2016 (Pub. L. 114- 113), unless a Federal agency has considered suspension
or debarment of the corporation and has made a determination that this further
action is not necessary to protect the interests of the Government. Applicants
will be required to complete Form AD-3030, ``Representations Regarding Felony
Conviction and Tax Delinquent Status for Corporate Applicants,'' if you are a
corporation. c. Applications will be deemed ineligible if the application
includes any funding restrictions identified under section D.6. a and b.
Inclusion of funding restrictions outlined in section D.6.a. and b. precludes
the agency from making a federal award. d. Applications will be deemed
ineligible if the application is not complete in accordance with the
requirements stated in section C.3.e., and will not be reviewed. 2. Cost Sharing
or Matching Your matching funds requirement is 25 percent of the total project
cost (5 percent for 1994 Institutions). See 7 CFR 4284.508. When you calculate
your matching funds requirement, please round up or down to whole dollars as
appropriate. An example of how to calculate your matching funds is as follows:
a. Take the amount of grant funds you are requesting and divide it by .75. This
will give you your total project cost. Example: $200,000 (grant amount)/.75
(percentage for use of grant funds) = $266,667 (total project cost) b. Subtract
the amount of grant funds you are requesting from your total project cost. This
will give you your matching funds requirement. Example: $266,667 (total project
cost)--$200,000 (grant amount) = $66,667 (matching funds requirement) c. A quick
way to double check that you have the correct amount of matching funds is to
take your total project cost and multiply it by .25. Example: $266,667 (total
project cost) x .25 (maximum percentage of matching funds requirement) = $66,667
(matching funds requirement) You must verify that all matching funds are
available during the grant period and provide this documentation with your
application in accordance with requirements identified in section D.2.e.8. If
you are awarded a grant, additional verification documentation may be required
to confirm the availability of matching funds. Other rules for matching funds
that you must follow are listed below.  They must be spent on eligible expenses
during the grant

 period.

      They must be from eligible sources.

      They must be spent in advance or as a pro-rata portion of

 grant funds being spent.

      They must be provided by either the applicant or a third

 party in the form of cash or an in-kind contribution.

      They cannot include board/advisory council members' time.

      They cannot include other Federal grants unless provided

 by authorizing legislation.

      They cannot include cash or in-kind contributions donated

 outside the grant period.

      They cannot include over-valued, in-kind contributions.

      They cannot include any project costs that are ineligible

 under the RCDG program.

      They cannot include any project costs that are unallowable

 under the applicable grant ``Cost Principles,'' including 2 CFR part

 200, subpart E, and the Federal Acquisition Regulation (for-profits) or

 successor regulation.

      They can include loan funds from a Federal source.

      They can include travel and incidentals for board/advisory

 council members if you have established written policies explaining how

 these costs are normally reimbursed, including rates. You must include

 an explanation of this policy in your application or the contributions

 will not be considered as eligible matching funds.

      You must be able to document and verify the number of

 hours worked and the value associated with any in-kind contribution

 being used to meet a matching funds requirement.

      In-kind contributions provided by individuals, businesses,

 or cooperatives which are being assisted by you cannot be provided for

 the direct benefit of their own projects as USDA Rural Development

 considers this to be a conflict of interest or the appearance of a

 conflict of interest.

 3. Other Eligibility Requirements

 a. Purpose Eligibility

     Your application must propose the establishment or continuation of

 a cooperative development center concept. You must use project funds,

 including grant and matching funds for eligible purposes only (see 7

 CFR 4284.508). In addition, project funds may be used for programs

 providing for the coordination of services and sharing of information

 among the centers (see 7 U.S.C 1932(e) (4) (C) (vi)).

 b. Project Eligibility

     All project activities must be for the benefit of a rural area.

 c. Multiple Application Eligibility

     Only one application can be submitted per applicant. If two

 applications are submitted (regardless of the applicant name) that

 include the same Executive Director and/or advisory boards or

 committees of an existing center, both applications will be determined

 not eligible for funding.

 d. Grant Period

     Your application must include a one-year grant period or it will

 not be considered for funding. The grant period should begin no earlier

 than October 1, 2016, and no later than January 1, 2017. Prior approval

 is needed from the Agency if you are awarded a grant and desire the

 grant period to begin earlier or later than previously discussed.

 Projects must be completed within a one-year timeframe. The Agency may

 approve requests to extend the grant period for up to an additional 12

 months at its discretion. Further guidance on grant period extensions

 will be provided in the award document.

 e. Completeness

     Your application will not be considered for funding if it fails to

 meet an eligibility criterion by time of application deadline and does

 not provide sufficient information to determine eligibility and

 scoring. In particular, you must include all of the forms and proposal

 elements as discussed in the regulation and as clarified further in

 this Notice.



 [[Page 16130]]



 Incomplete applications will not be reviewed by the Agency. For more

 information on what is required for an application, see 7 CFR 4284.510.

 f. Satisfactory Performance

     If you have an existing RCDG award, you must discuss the status of

 your existing RCDG award at application time under the Eligibility

 Discussion. You must be performing satisfactorily to be considered

 eligible for a new award. Satisfactory performance includes being up-

 to-date on all financial and performance reports and being current on

 all tasks as approved in the work plan. The Agency will use its

 discretion to make this determination. In addition, if you have an

 existing award from the Socially-Disadvantaged Groups Grant (SDGG)

 program, formerly known as the Small Socially-Disadvantaged Producer

 Grants (SSDPG) program, you must discuss the status of your existing

 SSDPG award at application time under Eligibility Discussion and be

 performing satisfactorily to be considered for a new RCDG award.

 g. Indirect Costs

     Your negotiated indirect cost rate approval does not need to be

 included in your application, but you will be required to provide it if

 a grant is awarded. Approval for indirect costs that are requested in

 an application without an approved indirect cost rate agreement is at

 the discretion of the Agency.



 D. Application and Submission Information



 1. Address to Request Application Package

     For further information, you should contact your State Office at

 http://www.rd.usda.gov/contact-us/state-offices. Program materials may

 also be obtained at http://www.rd.usda.gov/programs-services/
rural-cooperative-development-grant-program. You may also obtain a copy by

 calling 202-690-1374.

 2. Content and Form of Application Submission

     You may submit your application in paper form or electronically

 through Grants.gov. If you submit in paper form, any forms requiring

 signatures must include an original signature.

 a. Electronic Submission

     To submit an application electronically, you must use the

 Grants.gov Web site at http://www.Grants.gov. You may not submit an

 application electronically in any way other than through Grants.gov.

     You can locate the Grants.gov downloadable application package for

 this program by using a keyword, the program name, or the Catalog of

 Federal Domestic Assistance Number for this program.

     When you enter the Grants.gov Web site, you will find information

 about submitting an application electronically through the site, as

 well as the hours of operation.

     To use Grants.gov, you must already have a DUNS number and you must

 also be registered and maintain registration in SAM. We strongly

 recommend that you do not wait until the application deadline date to

 begin the application process through Grants.gov.

     You must submit all of your application documents electronically

 through Grants.gov. Applications must include electronic signatures.

 Original signatures may be required if funds are awarded.

     After electronically submitting an application through Grants.gov,

 you will receive an automatic acknowledgement from Grants.gov that

 contains a Grants.gov tracking number.

 b. Paper Submission

     If you want to submit a paper application, send it to the State

 Office located in the State where your project will primarily take

 place. You can find State Office Contact information at:
http://www.rd.usda.gov/contact-us/state-offices. An optional-use Agency

 application template is available online at
http://www.rd.usda.gov/programs-services/rural-cooperative-development-grant
-program.

 c. Supplemental Information

     Your application must contain all of the required forms and

 proposal elements described in 7 CFR 4284.510 and as otherwise

 clarified in this Notice. Specifically, your application must include:

 (1) The required forms as described in 7 CFR 4284.510(b) and (2) the

 required proposal elements as described in 7 CFR 4284.510(c). If your

 application is incomplete, it is ineligible to compete for funds.

 Applications lacking sufficient information to determine eligibility

 and scoring will be considered ineligible. Information submitted after

 the application deadline will not be accepted. You are encouraged, but

 not required to utilize the application template found at
http://www.rd.usda.gov/programs-services/rural-cooperative-development-grant
-program.

 d. Clarifications on Forms

      Standard Form (SF) 424--Your DUNS number should be

 identified in the ``Organizational DUNS'' field on SF 424,

 ``Application for Federal Assistance.'' Since there are no specific

 fields for a Commercial and Government Entity (CAGE) code and

 expiration date, you may identify them anywhere you want to on Form SF

 424. In addition, you should provide the DUNS number and the CAGE code

 and expiration date under the applicant eligibility discussion in your

 proposal narrative. If you do not include the CAGE code and expiration

 date and the DUNS number in your application, it will not be considered

 for funding.

      Form AD-3030, ``Representations Regarding Felony

 Conviction and Tax Delinquent Status for Corporate Applicants,'' if you

 are a corporation. A corporation is any entity that has filed articles

 of incorporation in one of the 50 States, the District of Columbia, the

 Federated States of Micronesia, the Republic of Palau, and the Republic

 of the Marshall Islands, or the various territories of the United

 States including American Samoa, Guam, Midway Islands, the Commonwealth

 of the Northern Mariana Islands, Puerto Rico, or the U.S. Virgin

 Islands. Corporations include both for profit and non-profit entities.

      You can voluntarily fill out and submit the ``Survey on

 Ensuring Equal Opportunity for Applicants,'' as part of your

 application if you are a nonprofit organization.

 e. Clarifications on Proposal Elements

     1. You must include the title of the project as well as any other

 relevant identifying information on the Title Page.

     2. You must include a Table of Contents with page numbers for each

 component of the application to facilitate review.

     3. Your Executive Summary must include the items in 7 CFR 4284.510

 (c)(3), and also discuss the percentage of work that will be performed

 among organizational staff, consultants, or other contractors. It

 should not exceed two pages.

     4. Your Eligibility Discussion must not exceed two pages and cover

 how you meet the eligibility requirements for applicant, matching

 funds, other eligibility requirements and grant period. If you have an

 existing RCDG or the Socially-Disadvantaged Groups Grant (SDGG)

 program, formerly known as the Small Socially-Disadvantaged Producer

 Grants (SSDPG) program award or both, you must discuss the current

 status of those award(s) under grant period eligibility.



 [[Page 16131]]



     5. Your Proposal Narrative must not exceed 40 pages and should

 describe the essential aspects of the project.

     i. You are only required to have one title page for the proposal.

     ii. If you list the evaluation criteria on the Table of Contents

 and specifically and individually address each criterion in narrative

 form, then it is not necessary for you to include an Information Sheet.

 Otherwise, the Information Sheet is required under 7 CFR

 4284.510(c)(ii).

     iii. You should include the following under Goals of the Project:

     A. A statement that substantiates that the Center will effectively

 serve rural areas in the United States;

     B. A statement that the primary objective of the Center will be to

 improve the economic condition of rural areas through cooperative

 development;

     C. A description of the contributions that the proposed activities

 are likely to make to the improvement of the economic conditions of the

 rural areas for which the Center will provide services. Expected

 economic impacts should be tied to tasks included in the work plan and

 budget; and

     D. A statement that the Center, in carrying out its activities,

 will seek, where appropriate, the advice, participation, expertise, and

 assistance of representatives of business, industry, educational

 institutions, the Federal government, and State and local governments.

     iv. The Agency has established annual performance evaluation

 measures to evaluate the RCDG program. You must provide estimates on

 the following performance evaluation measures.

      Number of groups who are not legal entities assisted.

      Number of businesses that are not cooperatives assisted.

      Number of cooperatives assisted.

      Number of businesses incorporated that are not

 cooperatives.

      Number of cooperatives incorporated.

      Total number of jobs created as a result of assistance.

      Total number of jobs saved as a result of assistance.

      Number of jobs created for the Center as a result of RCDG

 funding.

      Number of jobs saved for the Center as a result of RCDG

 funding.

     It is permissible to have a zero in a performance element. When you

 calculate jobs created, estimates should be based upon actual jobs to

 be created by your organization as a result of the RCDG funding or

 actual jobs to be created by cooperative businesses or other businesses

 as a result of assistance from your organization. When you calculate

 jobs saved, estimates should be based only on actual jobs that have

 been lost if your organization did not receive RCDG funding or actual

 jobs that would have been lost without assistance from your

 organization.

     v. You can also suggest additional performance elements for example

 where job creation or jobs saved may not be a relevant indicator (e.g.

 housing). These additional criteria should be specific, measurable

 performance elements that could be included in an award document.

     vi. You must describe in the application how you will undertake to

 do each of the following. We would prefer if you described these

 undertakings within proposal evaluation criteria to reduce duplication

 in your application. The specific proposal evaluation criterion where

 you should address each undertaking is noted below.

     A. Take all practicable steps to develop continuing sources of

 financial support for the Center, particularly from sources in the

 private sector (should be presented under proposal evaluation criterion

 j., utilizing the specific requirements of section E.1.j.);

     B. Make arrangements for the Center's activities to be monitored

 and evaluated (should be addressed under proposal evaluation criterion

 number h. utilizing the specific requirements of section E.1.h.); and

     C. Provide an accounting for the money received by the grantee in

 accordance with 7 CFR part 4284, subpart F. This should be addressed

 under proposal evaluation criterion number a., utilizing the specific

 requirements of section E.1.a.

     vii. You should present the Work Plan and Budget proposal element

 under proposal evaluation criterion number h., utilizing the specific

 requirements of section E.1.h. of this Notice to reduce duplication in

 your application.

     viii. You should present the Delivery of Cooperative development

 assistance proposal element under proposal evaluation criterion number

 b., utilizing the specific requirements of section E.1.b. of this

 Notice.

     ix. You should present the Qualifications of Personnel proposal

 element under proposal evaluation criterion number i., utilizing the

 specific requirements of section E.1.i. of this Notice.

     x. You should present the Local Support and Future Support proposal

 elements under proposal evaluation criterion number j., utilizing the

 requirements of section E.1.j. of this Notice.

     xi. Your application will not be considered for funding if you do

 not address all of the proposal evaluation criteria. See section E.1.

 of this Notice for a description of the proposal evaluation criteria.

     xii. Only appendices A-C will be considered when evaluating your

 application. You must not include resumes of staff or consultants in

 the application.

     6. You must certify that there are no current outstanding Federal

 judgments against your property and that you will not use grant funds

 to pay for any judgment obtained by the United States. To satisfy the

 Certification requirement, you should include this statement in your

 application: ``[INSERT NAME OF APPLICANT] certifies that the United

 States has not obtained an unsatisfied judgment against its property

 and will not use grant funds to pay any judgments obtained by the

 United States.'' A separate signature is not required.

     7. You must certify that matching funds will be available at the

 same time grant funds are anticipated to be spent and that expenditures

 of matching funds are pro-rated or spent in advance of grant funding,

 such that for every dollar of the total project cost, not less than the

 required amount of matching funds will be expended. Please note that

 this Certification is a separate requirement from the Verification of

 Matching Funds requirement. To satisfy the Certification requirement,

 you should include this statement in your application: ``[INSERT NAME

 OF APPLICANT] certifies that matching funds will be available at the

 same time grant funds are anticipated to be spent and that expenditures

 of matching funds shall be pro-rated or spent in advance of grant

 funding, such that for every dollar of the total project cost, at least

 25 cents (5 cents for 1994 Institutions) of matching funds will be

 expended.'' A separate signature is not required.

     8. You must provide documentation in your application to verify all

 of your proposed matching funds. The documentation must be included in

 Appendix A of your application and will not count towards the 40-page

 limitation. Template letters are available for each type of matching

 funds contribution at http://www.rd.usda.gov/programs-services/
rural-cooperative-development-grant-program.

     a. If matching funds are to be provided in cash, you must meet the

 following requirements.

      You: The application must include a statement verifying

 (1) the amount of the cash and (2) the source of the cash. You may also

 provide a bank statement



 [[Page 16132]]



 dated 30 days or less from the application deadline date to verify your

 cash match.

      Third-party: The application must include a signed letter

 from the third party verifying (1) how much cash will be donated and

 (2) that it will be available corresponding to the proposed grant

 period or donated on a specific date within the grant period.

     b. If matching funds are to be provided by an in-kind donation, you

 must meet the following requirements.

      You: The application must include a signed letter from you

 or your authorized representative verifying (1) the nature of the goods

 and/or services to be donated and how they will be used, (2) when the

 goods and/or services will be donated (i.e., corresponding to the

 proposed grant period or to specific dates within the grant period),

 and (3) the value of the goods and/or services. Please note that most

 applicant contributions for the RCDG program are considered applicant

 cash match in accordance with this Notice. If you are unsure, please

 contact your State Office because identifying your matching funds

 improperly can affect your scoring.

      Third-Party: The application must include a signed letter

 from the third party verifying (1) the nature of the goods and/or

 services to be donated and how they will be used, (2) when the goods

 and/or services will be donated (i.e., corresponding to the proposed

 grant period or to specific dates within the grant period), and (3) the

 value of the goods and/or services.

     To ensure that you are identifying and verifying your matching

 funds appropriately, please note the following:

      If you are paying for goods and/or services as part of the

 matching funds requirement, the expenditure is considered a cash match,

 and you must verify it as such. Universities must verify the goods and

 services they are providing to the project as a cash match and the

 verification must be approved by the appropriate approval official

 (i.e., sponsored programs office or equivalent).

      If you have already received cash from a third-party

 (i.e., Foundation) before the start of your proposed grant period, you

 must verify this as your own cash match and not as a third-party cash

 match. If you are receiving cash from a third-party during the grant

 period, then you must be verifying the cash as a third-party cash

 match.

      Board resolutions for a cash match must be approved at the

 time of application.

      You can only consider goods or services for which no

 expenditure is made as an in-kind contribution.

      If a non-profit or another organization contributes the

 services of affiliated volunteers, they must follow the third-party,

 in-kind donation verification requirement for each individual

 volunteer.

      Expected program income may not be used to fulfill your

 matching funds requirement at the time you submit your application.

 However, if you have a contract to provide services in place at the

 time you submit your application, you can verify the amount of the

 contract as a cash match.

      The valuation process you use for in-kind contributions

 does not need to be included in your application, but you must be able

 to demonstrate how the valuation was derived if you are awarded a

 grant. The grant award may be withdrawn or the amount of the grant

 reduced if you cannot demonstrate how the valuation was derived.

     Successful applicants must comply with requirements identified in

 Section F, Federal Award Administration.

 3. Dun and Bradstreet Data Universal Numbering System (DUNS) and System

 for Awards Management (SAM)

     In order to be eligible (unless you are excepted under 2 CFR

 25.110(b), (c) or (d), you are required to:

     (a) Provide a valid DUNS number in your application, which can be

 obtained at no cost via a toll-free request line at (866) 705-5711;

     (b) Register in SAM before submitting your application. You may

 register in SAM at no cost at https://www.sam.gov/portal/public/SAM/;

 and

     (c) Continue to maintain an active SAM registration with current

 information at all times during which you have an active Federal award

 or an application or plan under consideration by a Federal awarding

 agency.

     The Agency may not make a Federal award to you until you have

 complied with all applicable DUNS and SAM requirements. If you have not

 fully complied with requirements, the Agency may determine that the

 applicant is not qualified to receive a Federal award and the Agency

 may use this determination as a basis for making an award to another

 applicant.

 4. Submission Dates and Times

     Application Deadline Date: June 23, 2016.

     Explanation of Deadlines: Complete applications must be submitted

 on paper or electronically according to the following deadlines:

     Paper applications must be postmarked and mailed, shipped, or sent

 overnight no later than June 23, 2016, to be eligible for grant

 funding. The Agency will determine whether your application is late

 based on the date shown on the postmark or shipping invoice. You may

 also hand carry your application to one of our field offices, but it

 must be received by close of business on the deadline date. If the due

 date falls on a Saturday, Sunday, or Federal holiday, the reporting

 package is due the next business day. Late applications will

 automatically be deemed ineligible.

     Electronic applications must be received by http://www.grants.gov

 no later than midnight eastern time June 20, 2016, to be eligible for

 grant funding. Please review the Grants.gov Web site at http://grants.
gov/applicants/organization_registration.jsp for instructions on

 the process of registering your organization as soon as possible to

 ensure you are able to meet the electronic application deadline.

 Grants.gov will not accept applications submitted after the deadline.

 5. Intergovernmental Review of Applications

     Executive Order (E.O.) 12372, ``Intergovernmental Review of Federal

 Programs,'' applies to this program. This E.O. requires that Federal

 agencies provide opportunities for consultation on proposed assistance

 with State and local governments. Many States have established a Single

 Point of Contact (SPOC) to facilitate this consultation. For a list of

 States that maintain a SPOC, please see the White House Web site:

 http://www.whitehouse.gov/omb/grants_spoc. If your State has a SPOC,

 you may submit a copy of the application directly for review. Any

 comments obtained through the SPOC must be provided to your State

 Office for consideration as part of your application. If your State has

 not established a SPOC, or if you do not want to submit a copy of the

 application, our State Offices will submit your application to the SPOC

 or other appropriate agency or agencies.

 6. Funding Restrictions

     a. Project funds, including grant and matching funds, cannot be

 used for ineligible grant purposes (see 7 CFR 4284.10). Also, you shall

 not use project funds for the following:

      To purchase, rent, or install laboratory equipment or

 processing machinery;

      To pay for the operating costs of any entity receiving

 assistance from the Center;



 [[Page 16133]]



      To pay costs of the project where a conflict of interest

 exists;

      To fund any activities prohibited by 2 CFR part 200; or

      To fund any activities considered unallowable by 2 CFR

 part 200, subpart E, ``Cost Principles,'' and the Federal Acquisition

 Regulation (for-profits) or successor regulations.

     b. In addition, your application will not be considered for funding

 if it does any of the following:

      Focuses assistance on only one cooperative or mutually-

 owned business;

      Requests more than the maximum grant amount; or

      Proposes ineligible costs that equal more than 10 percent

 of total project costs. The ineligible costs will NOT be removed at

 this stage to proceed with application processing. For purposes of this

 determination, the grant amount requested plus the matching funds

 amount constitutes the total project costs.

     We will consider your application for funding if it includes

 ineligible costs of 10 percent or less of total project costs, as long

 as the remaining costs are determined eligible otherwise. However, if

 your application is successful, those ineligible costs must be removed

 and replaced with eligible costs before the Agency will make the grant

 award, or the amount of the grant award will be reduced accordingly. If

 we cannot determine the percentage of ineligible costs, your

 application will not be considered for funding.

 7. Other Submission Requirements

     a. You should not submit your application in more than one format.

 You must choose whether to submit your application in hard copy or

 electronically. Applications submitted in hard copy should be mailed or

 hand-delivered to the State Office located in the State where you are

 headquartered. You can find State Office contact information at:
http://www.rd.usda.gov/contact-us/state-offices. To submit an application

 electronically, you must follow the instruction for this funding

 announcement at http://www.grants.gov. A password is not required to

 access the Web site.

     b. National Environmental Policy Act

     All recipients under this Notice are subject to the requirements of

 7 CFR part 1940, subpart G and any successor regulations. However,

 technical assistance awards under this Notice are classified as a

 Categorical Exclusion according to 7 CFR 1940.310(e), and do not

 require any additional documentation.

     c. Civil Rights Compliance Requirements

     All grants made under this Notice are subject to title VI of the

 Civil Rights Act of 1964 as required by the USDA (7 CFR part 15,

 subpart A) and section 504 of the Rehabilitation Act of 1973.



 E. Application Review Information



     The State Offices will review applications to determine if they are

 eligible for assistance based on requirements in 7 CFR part 4284,

 subparts A and F, this Notice, and other applicable Federal

 regulations. If determined eligible, your application will be scored by

 a panel of USDA employees in accordance with the point allocation

 specified in this Notice. A recommendation will be submitted to the

 Administrator to fund applications in highest ranking order.

 Applications that cannot be fully funded may be offered partial funding

 at the Agency's discretion.

 1. Scoring Criteria

     Scoring criteria will follow criteria published at 7 CFR 4284.513

 as supplemented below including any amendments made by the section 6013

 of the Food, Conservation, and Energy Act of 2008 (Pub. L. 110-234),

 which is incorporated by reference in this Notice. The regulatory and

 statutory criteria are clarified and supplemented below. You should

 also include information as described in section D.2.e.5.vi. if you

 choose to address these items under the scoring criteria. Evaluators

 will base scores only on the information provided or cross-referenced

 by page number in each individual evaluation criterion. The maximum

 amount of points available is 100. Newly established or proposed

 Centers that do not yet have a track record on which to evaluate the

 following criteria should refer to the expertise and track records of

 staff or consultants expected to perform tasks related to the

 respective criteria. Proposed or newly established Centers must be

 organized well-enough at time of application to address its

 capabilities for meeting these criteria.

     a. Administrative capabilities (maximum score of 10 points). A

 panel of USDA employees will evaluate your demonstrated track record in

 carrying out activities in support of development assistance to

 cooperatively and mutually owned businesses. At a minimum, you must

 discuss the following administrative capabilities:

     1. Financial systems and audit controls;

     2. Personnel and program administration performance measures;

     3. Clear written rules of governance; and

     4. Experience administering Federal grant funding no later than the

 last 5 years, including but not limited to past RCDGs. Please list the

 name of the Federal grant program(s) and the amount(s) of funding

 received.

     You will score higher on this criterion if you can demonstrate that

 the Center has independent governance. For applicants that are

 universities or parent organizations, you should demonstrate that there

 is a separate board of directors for the Center.

     b. Technical assistance and other services (maximum score of 10

 points). A panel of USDA employees will evaluate your demonstrated

 expertise no later than the last 5 years in providing technical

 assistance and accomplishing effective outcomes in rural areas to

 promote and assist the development of cooperatively and mutually owned

 businesses. You must discuss at least:

     1. Your potential for delivering effective technical assistance;

     2. The types of assistance provided;

     3. The expected effects of that assistance;

     4. The sustainability of organizations receiving the assistance;

 and

     5. The transferability of your cooperative development strategies

 and focus to other areas of the U.S.

     A chart or table showing the outcomes of your demonstrated

 expertise based upon the performance elements listed in section

 D.2.e.5.iv. or as identified in your award document on previous RCDG

 awards. At a minimum, please provide information for FY 2012-FY 2014

 awards. We prefer that you provide one chart or table separating out

 award years. The intention here is for you to provide actual

 performance numbers based upon award years even though your grant

 period for the award was for the next calendar or fiscal year. Please

 provide a narrative explanation if you have not received a RCDG award.

     You will score higher on this criterion if you provide more than 3

 years of outcomes and can demonstrate that the organizations you

 assisted within the last 5 years are sustainable. Additional outcome

 information should be provided on RCDG grants awarded before FY 2012.

 Please describe specific project(s) when addressing a-e of this

 paragraph.

     c. Economic development (maximum score of 10 points). A panel of

 USDA employees will evaluate your demonstrated ability to facilitate:

     1. Establishment of cooperatives or mutually owned businesses;

     2. New cooperative approaches (i.e., organizing cooperatives among



 [[Page 16134]]



 underserved individuals or communities; an innovative market approach;

 a type of cooperative currently not in your service area; a new

 cooperative structure; novel ways to raise member equity or community

 capitalization; conversion of an existing business to cooperative

 ownership); and

     3. Retention of businesses, generation of employment opportunities

 or other factors, as applicable, that will otherwise improve the

 economic conditions of rural areas.

     You will score higher on this criterion if you provide economic

 statistics showing the impacts of your past development projects no

 later than 5 years old and identify your role in the economic

 development outcomes.

     d. Past performance in establishing legal business entities

 (maximum score of 10 points). A panel of USDA employees will evaluate

 your demonstrated past performance in establishing legal cooperative

 business entities and other legal business entities during January 1,

 2013-December 31, 2015. Provide the name of the organization(s)

 established, the date of formation and your role in assisting with the

 incorporation(s) under this criterion. In addition, documentation

 verifying the establishment of legal business entities must be included

 in Appendix C of your application and will not count against the 40-

 page limit for the narrative. The documentation must include proof that

 organizational documents were filed with the Secretary of State's

 Office (i.e. Certificate of Incorporation or information from the

 State's official Web site naming the entity established and the date of

 establishment); or if the business entity is not required to register

 with the Secretary of State, a certification from the business entity

 that a legal business entity has been established and when. Please note

 that you are not required to submit articles of incorporation to

 receive points under this criterion. You will score higher on this

 criterion if you have established legal cooperative businesses.

     e. Networking and regional focus (maximum score of 10 points). A

 panel of USDA employees will evaluate your demonstrated commitment to:

     1. Networking with other cooperative development centers, and other

 organizations involved in rural economic development efforts, and

     2. Developing multi-organization and multi-state approaches to

 addressing the economic development and cooperative needs of rural

 areas.

     You will score higher on this criterion if you can demonstrate the

 outcomes of your multi-organizational and multi-state approaches.

 Please describe the project(s), partners and the outcome(s) that

 resulted from the approach.

     f. Commitment (maximum score of 10 points). A panel of USDA

 employees will evaluate your commitment to providing technical

 assistance and other services to under-served and economically

 distressed areas in rural areas of the United States. You will score

 higher on this criterion if you define and describe the underserved and

 economically distressed areas within your service area, provide

 statistics, and identify projects within or affecting these areas, as

 appropriate.

     g. Matching Funds (maximum score of 10 points). A panel of USDA

 employees will evaluate your commitment for the 25 percent (5 percent

 for 1994 Institutions) matching funds requirement. A chart or table

 should be provided to describe all matching funds being committed to

 the project. However, formal documentation to verify all of the

 matching funds must be included in Appendix A of your application. You

 will be scored on how you identify your matching funds.

     1. If you met the 25 percent (5 percent for 1994 Institutions)

 matching requirement, points will be assigned as follows:

      In-kind only--1 point,

      Mix of in-kind and cash--3-4 points (maximum points will

 be awarded if the ratio of cash to in-kind is 30 percent and above of

 matching funds), or

      Cash only--5 points.

     2. If you exceeded the 25 percent (5 percent for 1994 Institutions)

 matching requirement, points will be assigned as follows:

      In-kind only--2 points,

      Mix of in-kind and cash--6-7 points (maximum points will

 be awarded if the ratio of cash to in-kind is 30 percent and above of

 matching funds), or

      Cash only--10 points.

     h. Work Plan/Budget (maximum score of 10 points). A panel of USDA

 employees will evaluate your work plan for detailed actions and an

 accompanying timetable for implementing the proposal. The budget must

 present a breakdown of the estimated costs associated with cooperative

 and business development activities as well as the operation of the

 Center and allocate these costs to each of the tasks to be undertaken.

 Matching funds as well as grant funds must be accounted for in the

 budget.

     You must discuss at a minimum:

     1. Specific tasks (whether it be by type of service or specific

 project) to be completed using grant and matching funds;

     2. How customers will be identified;

     3. Key personnel; and

     4. The evaluation methods to be used to determine the success of

 specific tasks and overall objectives of Center operations. Please

 provide qualitative methods of evaluation. For example, evaluation

 methods should go beyond quantitative measurements of completing

 surveys or number of evaluations.

     You will score higher on this criterion if you present a clear,

 logical, realistic, and efficient work plan and budget.

     i. Qualifications of those Performing the Tasks (maximum score of

 10 points). A panel of USDA employees will evaluate your application to

 determine if the personnel expected to perform key tasks have a track

 record of:

     1. Positive solutions for complex cooperative development and/or

 marketing problems; or

     2. A successful record of conducting accurate feasibility studies,

 business plans, marketing analysis, or other activities relevant to

 your success as determined by the tasks identified in the your work

 plan; and

     3. Whether the personnel expected to perform the tasks are full/

 part-time employees of your organization or are contract personnel.

     You will score higher on this criterion if you demonstrate

 commitment and availability of qualified personnel expected to perform

 the tasks.

     j. Local and Future Support (maximum score of 10 points). A panel

 of USDA employees will evaluate your application for local and future

 support. Support should be discussed directly within the response to

 this criterion.

     1. Discussion on local support should include previous and/or

 expected local support and plans for coordinating with other

 developmental organizations in the proposed service area or with state

 and local government institutions. You will score higher if you

 demonstrate strong support from potential beneficiaries and formal

 evidence of intent to coordinate with other developmental

 organizations. You may also submit a maximum of 10 letters of support

 or intent to coordinate with the application to verify your discussion.

 These letters should be included in Appendix B of your application and

 will not count against the 40-page limit for the narrative.

     2. Discussion on future support will include your vision for

 funding operations in future years. You should document:

     (i) New and existing funding sources that support your goals;



 [[Page 16135]]



     (ii) Alternative funding sources that reduce reliance on Federal,

 State, and local grants; and

     (iii) The use of in-house personnel for providing services versus

 contracting out for that expertise. Please discuss your strategy for

 building in-house technical assistance capacity.

     You will score higher if you can demonstrate that your future

 support will result in long-term sustainability of the Center.

 2. Review and Selection Process

     The State Offices will review applications to determine if they are

 eligible for assistance based on requirements in 7 CFR part 4284,

 subparts A and F, this Notice, and other applicable Federal

 regulations. If determined eligible, your application will be scored by

 a panel of USDA employees in accordance with the point allocation

 specified in this Notice. A recommendation will be submitted to the

 Administrator to fund applications in highest ranking order.

 Applications that cannot be fully funded may be offered partial funding

 at the Agency's discretion. If your application is evaluated, but not

 funded, it will not be carried forward into the next competition.



 F. Federal Award Administration Information



 1. Federal Award Notices

     If you are selected for funding, you will receive a signed notice

 of Federal award by postal mail from the State Office where your

 application was submitted, containing instructions on requirements

 necessary to proceed with execution and performance of the award.

     If you are not selected for funding, you will be notified in

 writing via postal mail and informed of any review and appeal rights.

 You must comply with all applicable statutes, regulations, and notice

 requirements before the grant award will be approved. There will be no

 available funds for successful appellants once all FY 15 funds are

 awarded and obligated. See 7 CFR part 11 for USDA National Appeals

 Division procedures.

 2. Administrative and National Policy Requirements

     Additional requirements that apply to grantees selected for this

 program can be found in 7 CFR part 4284, subpart F; the Grants and

 Agreements regulations of the Department of Agriculture codified in 2

 CFR parts 180, 400, 415, 417, 418, 421; 2 CFR parts 25 and 170; and 48

 CFR 31.2, and successor regulations to these parts.

     In addition, all recipients of Federal financial assistance are

 required to report information about first-tier subawards and executive

 compensation (see 2 CFR part 170). You will be required to have the

 necessary processes and systems in place to comply with the Federal

 Funding Accountability and Transparency Act of 2006 (Pub. L. 109-282)

 reporting requirements (see 2 CFR 170.200(b), unless you are exempt

 under 2 CFR 170.110(b)).

     The following additional requirements apply to grantees selected

 for this program:

      Agency-approved Grant Agreement.

      Letter of Conditions.

      Form RD 1940-1, ``Request for Obligation of Funds.''

      Form RD 1942-46, ``Letter of Intent to Meet Conditions.''

      Form AD-1047, ``Certification Regarding Debarment,

 Suspension, and Other Responsibility Matters-Primary Covered

 Transactions.''

      Form AD-1048, ``Certification Regarding Debarment,

 Suspension, Ineligibility and Voluntary Exclusion-Lower Tier Covered

 Transactions.''

      Form AD-1049, ``Certification Regarding Drug-Free

 Workplace Requirements (Grants).''

      Form RD 400-4, ``Assurance Agreement.''

      SF LLL, ``Disclosure of Lobbying Activities,'' if

 applicable.

      Form AD-3031, ``Assurance Regarding Felony Conviction or

 Tax Delinquent Status for Corporate Applicants.'' Must be signed by

 corporate applicants who receive an award under this Notice.

 3. Reporting

     After grant approval and through grant completion, you will be

 required to provide the following:

     A SF-425, ``Federal Financial Report,'' and a project performance

 report will be required on a semiannual basis (due 30 working days

 after end of the semiannual period). The project performance reports

 shall include the following: A comparison of actual accomplishments to

 the objectives established for that period;

     a. Reasons why established objectives were not met, if applicable;

     b. Reasons for any problems, delays, or adverse conditions, if any,

 which have affected or will affect attainment of overall project

 objectives, prevent meeting time schedules or objectives, or preclude

 the attainment of particular objectives during established time

 periods. This disclosure shall be accompanied by a statement of the

 action taken or planned to resolve the situation; and

     c. Objectives and timetable established for the next reporting

 period.

     d. Provide a final project and financial status report within 90

 days after the expiration or termination of the grant.

     e. Provide outcome project performance reports and final

 deliverables.



 G. Agency Contacts



     If you have questions about this Notice, please contact the

 appropriate State Office at http://www.rd.usda.gov/contact-us/state-offices.
Program guidance as well as application and matching funds

 templates may be obtained at http://www.rd.usda.gov/programs-services/
rural-cooperative-development-grant-program. If you want to submit an

 electronic application, follow the instructions for the RCDG funding

 announcement located at http://www.grants.gov. You may also contact

 National Office staff: Susan Horst, RCDG Program Lead,

 susan.horst@wdc.usda.gov, or call the main line at 202-690-1374.



 H. Nondiscrimination Statement



     The U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA) prohibits discrimination

 against its customers, employees, and applicants for employment on the

 bases of race, color, national origin, age, disability, sex, gender

 identity, religion, reprisal, and where applicable, political beliefs,

 marital status, familial or parental status, sexual orientation, or all

 or part of an individual's income is derived from any public assistance

 program, or protected genetic information in employment or in any

 program or activity conducted or funded by the Department. (Not all

 prohibited bases will apply to all programs and/or employment

 activities.)

     If you wish to file an employment complaint, you must contact your

 agency's EEO Counselor within 45 days of the date of the alleged

 discriminatory act, event, or in the case of a personnel action.

 Additional information can be found online at
http://www.ascr.usda.gov/complaint_filing_cust.html.

     If you wish to file a Civil Rights program complaint of

 discrimination, complete the USDA Program Discrimination Complaint Form

 (PDF), found online at http://www.ascr.usda.gov/complaint_filing_cust.html, or
at any USDA office, or call (866) 632-

 9992 to request the form. You may also write a letter containing all of

 the information requested in the form. Send your completed complaint

 form or letter to us by mail at U.S. Department of Agriculture,

 Director, Office of Adjudication, 1400 Independence



 [[Page 16136]]



 Avenue SW., Washington, DC 20250-9410, by fax (202) 690-7442 or email

 at program.intake@usda.gov

     Individuals who are deaf, hard of hearing or have speech

 disabilities and you wish to file either an EEO or program complaint

 please contact USDA through the Federal Relay Service at (800) 877-8339

 or (800) 845-6136 (in Spanish).

     Persons with disabilities, who wish to file a program complaint,

 please see information above on how to contact us by mail directly or

 by email. If you require alternative means of communication for program

 information (e.g., Braille, large print, audiotape, etc.) please

 contact USDA's TARGET Center at (202) 720-2600 (voice and TDD).



     Dated: March 17, 2016.

 Samuel H. Rikkers,

 Administrator, Rural Business-Cooperative Service.

 [FR Doc. 2016-06765 Filed 3-24-16; 8:45 am]

 BILLING CODE 3410-XY-P



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: March 26, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              232 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                           The Mercury (South Africa)

                          November 19, 2014 Wednesday
                                   E1 Edition

Councils to drive rural economy

BYLINE:  Bongani Hans

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 4

LENGTH: 374 words


The province has a plan to turn district municipalities into economic hubs,
creating locally-based businesses and employment to ease poverty in rural areas.

Speaking in Ballito yesterday, Premier Senzo Mchunu launched the district
development agencies, which are aimed at developing a green economy to slow the
migration of rural communities to cities. He said each of the 10 districts would
have its own permanent agency with a board of directors, full-time staff and
offices.

Once the agencies became fully functional, the province would cut down on grants
for the poor, as they would be able to sustain themselves.

The launch, accompanied by a two-day workshop, was attended by business people
and senior local government officials.

"Providing food parcels and grants has proved unsustainable," Mchunu said.

The provincial executive council announced that it had adopted the project early
this year, which would attract local and foreign investment to rural areas. It
was hoped that district municipalities would in future become stronger economic
hubs than the cities.

Mchunu said the Co-operative Governance and Traditional Affairs Department would
be the main driver of the agencies, with the help of economic development,
agriculture and small business development.

He said rural Msinga, near Greytown, where President Jacob Zuma had launched a
R32 million irrigation scheme last week, had proved that rural areas could
sustain themselves economically. This area is home to the multimillion-rand
Uthukela Estate, where farming projects produce livestock and vegetables.

"We want many farm estates in rural areas of the province. They will be similar
to estates owned by white farmers. We want amakhosi to give us huge land to do
this."

He said the Department of Co-operative Governance and Traditional Affairs would
help the districts set up the agencies and appoint boards.

The Department of Agriculture would identify suitable land for farming in each
district, while Economic Development would help build the local economy

The Department of Small Business Development would help with packaging the end
product.

Co-operative Governance MEC Nomusa Dube-Ncube said the agencies would create
tourism, agriculture and low-impact manufacturing industries.

LOAD-DATE: November 19, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: NM


                Copyright 2014 Independent Newspapers Pty (Ltd)
                              All Rights Reserved


                              233 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                             Western Gazette series

                                 March 3, 2011

Grant seekers can see what is possible at grain store

SECTION: Pg. 56

LENGTH: 337 words


A Farm walk is being held to help farmers in Dorset find out how to access £134
million of funding through the Rural Development Programme for England scheme.

The series of events was established by Business Link last year to show farmers
first hand examples of diversification and how funding can be used for business
growth.

The Beaminster event takes place on Wednesday  at West Dorset Grain, Lower
Barrowfield Farm, Beaminster.

The walk will centre on a state-of-the-art grain store and dryer built by the
West Dorset Grain Cooperative and part funded by the Rural Development Programme
for England as part of the co-operative's diversification into animal feeds.

The funding is available to rural businesses in the South West and is delivered
by Business Link.

The grants are normally match funded, and since 2008 Business Link has helped
more than 400 farms in the region receive funding.

Grants agreed have ranged from £4,000 to £2 million.

Roger Smith, Business Link's rural advice manager, said: "This is a fantastic
opportunity for farmers and rural business owners in the Dorset area to see
first hand how other farmers have used RDPE funding.

"The West Dorset Grain Cooperative's grain dryer and store is a prime example of
how funding can be used to improve rural businesses and help them to prepare for
the future.

"Applying for funding can sometimes be confusing and this farm walk offers
farmers the chance to learn more about the scheme and ask any questions they may
have.

"Business Link advisers will be on-hand throughout the day to offer expert
advice."

The day will begin at 10.30am with a walk around Lower Barrowfield Farm,
examining the new grain store and dryer.

This will be followed by a light lunch and a presentation on RDPE funding from
Business Link's rural advisers, outlining the various projects the funding can
support and details of the procedures to follow with proposals.

The event runs from 10.30am to  3pm. For information or to book a place call
0845 0707747 or email events@businesslinksw.co.uk

LOAD-DATE: March 4, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 250


                    Copyright 2011 Northcliffe Media Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              234 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                           The Taos News (New Mexico)

                              May 7, 2009 Thursday

USDA WORKSHOPS LEND A HAND TO RURAL ENERGY PROJECTS

BYLINE: MARISSA BRUNO

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. B-8

LENGTH: 748 words


By Marissa Bruno

For The Taos News

In an effort to conserve energy by going "green," many rural business owners,
farmers and producers are struggling financially to transform their facilities
and products to be more environmentally sound.

On Thursday (May 14), the U.S. Department of Agriculture's Rural Development's
business program will hold a free workshop in Taos on how to obtain grants and
loans for renewable energy projects, energy-efficiency improvements and
value-added agriculture projects.

Ernie Watson, USDA public information coordinator, said the workshops are a
means to educate the public about the different funding that the Rural
Development department provides. The workshops will be presented statewide, but
Taos was chosen because there have been a significant number of calls and
questions regarding energy efficiency.

"The mission of the workshops is to provide the best possible lifestyle for
people living in rural development communities," Watson said. "We decided we
should have these workshops and let them know what we can provide and what we
can't provide."

Although the workshops are geared toward rural small business owners and
agricultural providers, anyone who is interested may attend.

The Taos workshops will be held in Coronado Hall in the Taos Convention Center,
Civic Plaza Drive, from 1:30-3:30 p.m.

The session by the Business and Cooperative Program will present information on
the two core value programs: Rural Energy for America Program, also known as
REAP, and the Value Added Producer Grant Program. The session will also address
the requirements to receive a loan or grant, the procedure to apply as well as
application deadlines.

"These programs are a vital tool to help support rural businesses, create new
markets for agricultural products and assist our country in becoming more energy
independent," said Eric Vigil, USDA Rural Development acting state director.

REAP, the newer of the two programs, is eligible to agricultural producers and
rural small businesses that are seeking funding to make more efficient energy
improvements to facilities such as replacing equipment or updating lighting and
insulation.

The Value-Added Producer Grant Program has been around for several years and
provides funds for a commodity that wants to do an assessment study to see if a
project would be feasible in the community. It helps agricultural producers
develop business plans and marketing strategies for creating opportunities to
produce value-added products.

Eligible applicants must be independent producers, farmer or rancher
cooperatives, an agricultural producer group or majority-controlled
producer-based business venture.

The question remains whether the workshops will be successful in achieving that
goal.

French Espinoza, director of public works for the town of Taos, said residents
have been active in reducing energy consumption but notices that there has been
a monetary concern.

"There is an enormous amount of activity where people in the community are
practicing green methods," Espinoza said. "There's an issue of follow-through
and the question of funding. Unfortunately, because of the financial crisis
there's an interest there but a lack of funding."

Town of Taos Community and Economic Development Director Matt Spriggs also said
that proactive measures are being implemented to reduce energy costs, especially
in building construction.

The High Performance Building Ordinance, which was passed in February, requires
residential construction to follow the Home Energy Rating System (HERS) --
meaning any home built in Taos has to be 20 percent more energy efficient than
the normal standard and commercial construction must meet the LEED (Leadership
in Energy and Environmental Design) standard.

Spriggs said he hopes that providing workshops to inform people of available
grants and loans will continue to cut energy costs as long as there is a
realistic payoff. "They have to show to them that there is going to be a market
difference," he said. "There is a general belief in the city that this is
possible."

Watson didn't have a specific amount of how much funding is available but stated
that it is somewhere in the millions. He said there would be enough funding for
those who successfully apply and believes that this is a step in the right
direction.

"Even if we talk to one person, it will be worth it," Watson said. "It will be
great to get out there and talk to folks. We believe that we have a lot of
interest in the Taos area."

LOAD-DATE: January 14, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: See pdf's for exact rendition, caption, graphics and photographer info.


PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2009 The Taos News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              235 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                 Farmers Weekly

                               December 13, 2013

BYLINE: Isabel Davies

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 448 words


Scotland has unveiled plans for its rural development programme for the period
2014-2020.

Proposals include continuing funding for less favoured areas, expanding Scotland
s existing advisory service, funding for rural broadband and a new
agri-environment climate scheme.

Announcing the plans, rural affairs minister Richard Lochhead said:  A vibrant
rural Scotland is one of our greatest assets and today I set out my vision for
the new SRDP - an ambitious programme that will delivery our key priorities of
sustainable economic growth, environmental sustainability and vibrant rural
communities.

The proposals for the seven-year programme   which is worth more than £1.3bn
from 2015-2020 - are now the subject of a formal consultation which ends on 28
February 2014.

Funding will come from European rural development funds, domestic funds and
applying a  proposed modulation rate of 9.5%  on farmers  single farm payments.

The planned elements of the programme are (with proposed budget in brackets):

Less Favoured Area Support Scheme (£459m): Continued support for less favoured
areas, a replacement scheme and designation will be in place by 2018

Agri-Environment Climate Scheme (£355m): Targeted support for land managers to
undertake management and capital work for environmental purposes

Forestry Grant Scheme (£252m): A range of grants for woodland creation,
agroforestry, tree health, woodland improvement, processing and marketing and
sustainable management of forests

New Entrants Scheme (£20m): Start-up grants for new entrant young farmers of up
to 40 years old (as set by Europe) and one-to-one advice

Crofting and Small Farm Support Scheme (£20m): Scheme will be open to all small
farms with a suggested range of 3 50ha. This will include support for capital
grants

Support for Co-operative Action (£10m): Scheme will provide support for the
development of co-operative projects

Small Rural Business Support (£20m): Start-up grants for new non-agricultural
enterprises and business development grants

Food and Drink Scheme (£70m): Support for small and medium-sized enterprises in
the food and drink sector

LEADER (£66m): LEADER will continue to fund projects agreed by Local Action
Groups (LAGS)

Knowledge Transfer and Innovation Fund (KTIF) (£10m): KTIF will assist in the
sharing and implementation of innovative ways of improving working practices

Advisory Service (£20m): The proposal is to expand the existing advisory
service. It will provide advice and assistance to farmers, crofters, forest
holders and other land managers

Broadband: It is proposed there will be about £9m of support for broadband

More on this topic

Scotland announces 9.5% modulation plan

LOAD-DATE: December 16, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Magazine


                 Copyright 2013 Reed Business Information Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              236 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                              The Bismarck Tribune

                              April 4, 2010 Sunday

Stimulus projects fill in rural broadband gaps

BYLINE: CHRISTOPHER BJORKE Bismarck Tribune

SECTION: MONEY; Pg. 1B

LENGTH: 782 words


The U.S. Department of Agriculture in March announced $150 million in grants for
12 projects extending access to rural broadband Internet - including four that
affect North Dakota users. Overall, such projects have received $1.05 billion in
public and private funding.

At the same time as it's funding projects to fill gaps in broadband access, the
government is spending $350 million to find out where those gaps are.

"Apparently, it's never really been reported to the feds before," said Lisa
Feldner, chief information officer for the state.

The American Recovery and Reinvestment Act - more commonly known as the stimulus
- makes a technology infrastructure a priority and is funding the extension of
high speed Internet to sparsely populated areas. North Dakota has more than its
share of rural areas, but the phone companies that make the investments in
infrastructure say that gaps in service are few.

"The stimulus funding is icing on the cake," said David Crothers, executive vice
president of the North Dakota Association of Telephone Cooperatives. "Telephone
co-ops have been baking that cake for 14 years."

The prominence of cooperatives as utility providers in North Dakota is a result
of the challenges of bringing services to rural areas where the low number of
residents makes a tough economic case for building infrastructure to serve only
a few customers. Providers are helped by a federal policy - funded by phone
customers - of making telephone access universal and affordable for rural
residents.

"It's stupendously expensive to build to these rural, remote ... areas" known as
"high-cost, low-density" areas in industry lingo, Crothers said. "That's always
the challenge."

Despite that, those involved with broadband access say the federal broadband
mapping project will likely show that North Dakotans enjoy a high level of
broadband access.

"I think we're going to come out fairly good," said Dirk Huggett, an IT analyst
for the state who is handling the data gathering for the broadband mapping
project. Until that is complete later this year, the picture of statewide access
will be sketchy, but factors such as geography have helped extend
infrastructure.

The open landscape makes it easier to install fiber optics. "Flat helps,"
Huggett said.

The project will provide a nationwide picture of where access levels stand,
information that is collected in other countries but not in the United States.

For broadband improvements, USDA Rural Development has approved grants for four
projects affecting the state:

* Reservation Telephone Cooperative in Parshall received a $10.95 million grant
and a matching loan to extend service in rural areas on the Fort Berthold
Reservation and in a portion of western North Dakota outside the reservation.

* BEK Communications Cooperative in Steele won a $2 million grant and matching
loan to extend its services to 540 homes without connections in rural Burleigh
County.

* Dakota Central Telecommunications in Carrington received a $2.25 million grant
to provide service around the towns of Streeter and Gackle.

* Halstad Telephone Company in Halstad, Minn., received a $2 million grant and
matching loan for services in Traill County.

The grants and loans will be accompanied by other investments by the telecoms.
Besides the cooperatives, Qwest has applied for $2.7 million in stimulus money
to extend its network around North Dakota.

Royce Aslakson, head of Reservation Telephone, said that the money will allow
the co-op to connect 1,405 households, 39 businesses and 22 other community
institutions in remote parts of Fort Berthold and near the Badlands, where the
cost of infrastructure would have been prohibitive.

"When you start to go out in rural areas, that's where costs start to run high,"
he said.

For the mapping project, any speed equal to or faster than 768 kilobytes per
second is considered broadband, Huggett said. The state is collecting data from
cooperatives, for-profit phone companies and other sources, such as speed tests
that Internet users can run on their connections and submit the results to the
state at www.stagenet.nd.gov/speedtest.

Internet is similar to phones and electricity - other technological innovations
that quickly became essential to modern life - in the sense that they came to
urban areas first but spread more slowly to rural areas. The gaps of coverage in
rural areas are typically where the edges of two coverage areas do not quite
meet.

"That's what the map is going to identify - where the holes are," said Derrick
Bulawa, head of BEK. "I know services in towns are comparable with all big
cities in the country."

(Reach reporter Christopher Bjorke at 250-8261 or
chris.bjorke@bismarcktribune.com.)

LOAD-DATE: April 5, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


       Copyright 2010 The Bismarck Tribune, a division of Lee Enterprises
                              All Rights Reserved


                              237 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          September 19, 2013 Thursday

Arkansas: Highlights Support for Advanced Health Care Technology

LENGTH: 701  words

DATELINE: Little Rock


Arkansas Agriculture Department, The State of Arkansas has issued the following
news release:

Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack today kicked off National Health IT week by
highlighting the U.S. Department of Agriculture's (USDA) partnership with the
Department of Health and Human Services (HHS) Office of the National Coordinator
for Health IT (ONC) to expand funding for advanced health care technology in
rural America.

"Digital technology holds tremendous promise for the future of health care, and
we must ensure that rural Americans have access to the latest in health
technology," Vilsack said. "USDA has worked hard to expand digital tools and
infrastructure for rural health providers, and as a result more communities are
well-positioned to provide cutting edge health care."

USDA is partnering with HHS and the Department of Veterans Affairs to leverage
funds to support advanced health care technology in rural hospitals. This
partnership is an extension of a successful pilot launched in Illinois, Iowa,
Kansas, Mississippi and Texas to identify rural critical access hospitals in
persistent poverty areas in need of advanced health care technology.

Rural Development programs provide funding for rural health IT infrastructure
and expand local access to high quality health care services for rural Americans
nationwide. These Rural Development programs include the Community Facilities
loan and grant program, the Distance Learning and Telemedicine Grant program and
the Rural Economic Development loan and grant program.

In conjunction with Health IT Week, Secretary Vilsack announced funding today
for the following recipients to make technological upgrades and improve access
to quality health care in rural areas. USDA funding is contingent upon the
recipient meeting the terms of the loan or grant agreement.

Kansas

Ellinwood District Hospital - $237,000 Community Facilities loan. Funds will be
used to install a boiler system to improve the dependability and efficiency of
the hospital's heating and cooling system.

Illinois

Pinckneyville Community Hospital District - $22,999,000 Community Facilities
loan. Funds will be used to construct a replacement critical access hospital
building.
    Community Memorial Hospital Association - $8,000,000 Community Facilities
loan. Funds will be used to renovate the hospital in Staunton, Ill. The project
will improve emergency services, centralize outpatient testing and services and
improve patient registration.

Iowa

Access Energy Cooperative - $300,000 Rural Economic Development grant and
$495,000 Rural Economic Development loan. Funds will be used to create a
revolving loan fund that will provide a pass-through loan for the Henry County
Health Center to purchase equipment for the surgical and outpatient departments.
The project will create three jobs and help retain 300 existing jobs.

Texas

Mitchell County Hospital District - $28,800 Community Facilities grant. Funds
will be used to purchase a nurse call system. The system will be used to improve
patient care for Mitchell County residents.
    Kinney County - $40,600 Community Facilities grant. Funds will be used to
purchase an ambulance.

President Obama's plan for rural America has brought about historic investment
and resulted in stronger rural communities. Under the President's leadership,
these investments in housing, community facilities, businesses and
infrastructure have empowered rural America to continue leading the way -
strengthening America's economy, small towns and rural communities.

USDA, through its Rural Development mission area, has a portfolio of programs
designed to improve the economic stability of rural communities, businesses,
residents, farmers and ranchers and improve the quality of life in rural
America. USDA has made a concerted effort to deliver results for the American
people, even as the Department implements sequestration - the across-the-board
budget reductions mandated under terms of the Budget Control Act. USDA has
already undertaken historic efforts since 2009 to save more than $828 million in
taxpayer funds through targeted, common-sense budget reductions.

For further information please visit: http://aad.arkansas.gov/

LOAD-DATE: September 20, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              238 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           December 22, 2015 Tuesday

Virginia: Virginia Cooperative Extension wins national award for strengthening
rural economies

LENGTH: 832  words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Richmond: Virginia Polytechnic Institute and State University has issued the
following news release:



  Virginia Cooperative Extension was recently recognized by the National
Institute of Food and Agriculture for its commitment to strengthening rural
economies.



 The award recognizes an Extension initiative called Stronger Economies
Together, a program that promotes collaboration among rural communities by
pooling shared economic assets among municipalities and expanding the vision of
local policymakers in rural areas to think regionally beyond their own counties.





 The team was recognized at a ceremony at the NIFA Day of Appreciation in
Washington, D.C.



 "We place high value on the teams of researchers and other individuals who have
enacted positive change on the future of agriculture and science through their
work," Sonny Ramaswamy, director of the National Institute of Food and
Agriculture, said in a news release.



 The project is a collaboration of the National Institute of Food and
Agriculture, the U.S. Department of Agriculture Rural Development, the Regional
Rural Development Centers, and a team of land-grant Extension faculty, including
Martha Walker, community viability specialist in the Department of Agricultural
and Applied Economics in the Virginia Tech College of Agriculture and Life
Sciences.



 The goal of SET is to guide multicounty regions to construct and implement a
regional economic development plan that builds upon local and regional strengths
and assets. The SET program is now in its fifth year.



 This year, three regions in Virginia have been selected as part of the SET
2015-16 initiative.



 The regions include the Eastern Shore, consisting of Accomack and Northampton
counties and Tangier Island; the Mount Rogers Planning District, made up of
Bland, Carroll, Grayson, Smyth, Washington, and Wythe counties and the cities of
Bristol and Galax; and most recently added the Northern Shenandoah Valley with
Clarke, Frederick, Page, Shenandoah and Warren Counties, City of Winchester;
Towns of Berryville, Front Royal, Luray, Middletown, Strasburg, Stephens City,
and Woodstock.



 Each of these three regions will benefit from a focused initiative to explore
regional economic advantages and to formulate economic blueprints for the
regions.



 Among its many accomplishments, the SET program has provided two regional teams
with tools, training, and technical expertise. Diverse teams of regional
stakeholders participated in a 12- to 18-month program, which strengthened the
collaborative capacity and economic development knowledge of participants,
culminating in a high-quality economic plan for the regions. Community viability
specialists from Extension and personnel from partner organizations engaged
participants in team-building activities and the use of up-to-date data and
analytical tools.



 Virginia Cooperative Extension and its partners implemented the program in two
Virginia regions: the Northern Neck-Chesapeake Bay area and a section of
Southside Virginia.



 The Northern Neck-Chesapeake Bay Region Partnership secured implementation
funding, established a small business incubator, and developed one of SET's
nationally recognized regional economic plans.



 Virginia's Growth Alliance, which comprises six counties and one city in
Southside, established a new economic development partnership, crafted a
regional entrepreneurship plan, and better identified regional economic
clusters.



 In both areas, the program successfully built the foundation for job creation,
forged new partnerships, and encouraged local government officials to continue
working together across municipal boundaries. Both regions participated in the
SET national program assessment in September 2014.



 The program was an outgrowth of recognizing the sizable constraints of limited
economic resources faced by rural economies that are compounded by declining
industries that cause the labor pool to flee rural regions.



 To date the national SET program has leveraged $112 million in grants and
resources in designated regions, region-specific infrastructure planning to
strengthen rural healthcare, agritourism, broadband access, entrepreneurism,
agribusiness, and transportation.



 Virginia Cooperative Extension brings the resources of Virginia's land-grant
universities, Virginia Tech and Virginia State University, to the people of the
commonwealth. Through a system of on-campus specialists and locally based
educators, it delivers education in the areas of agriculture and natural
resources, family and consumer sciences, community viability, and 4-H youth
development. With a network of faculty at two universities, 107 county and city
offices, 11 agricultural research and Extension centers, and six 4-H educational
centers, Virginia Cooperative Extension provides solutions to the problems
facing Virginians today.

 Written by Amy Loeffler



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.co

LOAD-DATE: December 23, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              239 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             May 27, 2015 Wednesday

Arkansas: USDA Seeks Applications for Grants to Help Socially-Disadvantaged
Rural Residents

LENGTH: 648  words

DATELINE: Little Rock


Arkansas Agriculture Department has issued the following news release:

Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack today announced that the U.S. Department of
Agriculture (USDA) is now accepting applications to provide technical assistance
to socially-disadvantaged groups in rural areas.

"These grants will help socially-disadvantaged business owners develop the tools
and skills they need to grow their enterprises and succeed at creating jobs and
expanding economic opportunities in rural areas," Vilsack said. "American
agriculture is becoming increasingly diverse in many ways, with more minorities
and women seeking to enter the field, as well as greater diversity in the age of
farmers, the size of operations, in production methods, and in the types of
crops being grown. All of these forms of diversity help strengthen U.S.
agriculture for the future."

Funding will be made available through USDA's Socially-Disadvantaged Groups
Grant Program (formerly the Small, Socially-Disadvantaged Producer Grant
Program), which assists organizations that provide technical assistance to
socially-disadvantaged groups in rural areas. Examples of technical assistance
are conducting feasibility studies, developing business and strategic plans, and
providing leadership training.

USDA plans to make up to $3 million in grants available. The maximum award under
this notice is $175,000. More information on how to apply can be found on page
28937 of the May 20 Federal Register. Applications submitted by mail must be
postmarked by July 20, 2015. Electronic applications must be submitted at www.
grants.gov no later than midnight Eastern Time July 14, 2015.

Eligible applicants include groups of cooperatives, cooperative development
centers and individual cooperatives that serve socially-disadvantaged groups.
The cooperatives or centers can be located in any area, but the groups assisted
must be located in an eligible rural area. Also, the majority of the governing
body of the organization must be compromised of individuals who are members of
socially-disadvantaged groups.

USDA Rural Development is encouraging applications for projects in census tracts
with poverty rates of 20 percent or higher. All grants are awarded through a
national competition.

The program is making a difference in many rural areas. For example, in 2013,
the Southern California Focus on Cooperation (SCFC) received a $200,000 Small,
Socially-Disadvantaged Producer Grant to provide technical assistance to help 95
refugee immigrant and minority farmers improve their productive capacity,
increase revenue, and strengthen their ability to govern and manage their
cooperative businesses.

Many of the farmers benefiting from the project had little or no access to
formal schooling and had been persecuted and oppressed for years in their native
land. The International Rescue Committee (IRC), in concert with SCFC, developed
marketing channels including various farmers markets and restaurants where the
refugee farmers could sell their produce. Farmers have learned how to manage
these marketing channels themselves, without assistance from IRC, and have
gained new clients. They have also increased the level of cooperation among
Hispanic, Korean and African farmer groups. These groups are working toward
merging their efforts to form a single cooperative. The technical assistance
provided by SCFC has enabled these farmers to build skills that have truly been
life changing.

President Obama's historic investments in rural America have made our rural
communities stronger. Under his leadership, these investments in housing,
community facilities, businesses and infrastructure have empowered rural America
to continue leading the way - strengthening America's economy, small towns and
rural communities.

#

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: May 27, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              240 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             May 27, 2015 Wednesday

WASHINGTON:USDA Seeks Applications for Grants to Help Socially-Disadvantaged
Rural Residents

LENGTH: 647  words

DATELINE: Palouse Grain Growers


Palouse Grain Growers, The State of Washington has issued the following news
release:

Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack today announced that the U.S. Department of
Agriculture (USDA) is now accepting applications to provide technical assistance
to socially-disadvantaged groups in rural areas.

"These grants will help socially-disadvantaged business owners develop the tools
and skills they need to grow their enterprises and succeed at creating jobs and
expanding economic opportunities in rural areas," Vilsack said. "American
agriculture is becoming increasingly diverse in many ways, with more minorities
and women seeking to enter the field, as well as greater diversity in the age of
farmers, the size of operations, in production methods, and in the types of
crops being grown. All of these forms of diversity help strengthen U.S.
agriculture for the future."

Funding will be made available through USDA's Socially-Disadvantaged Groups
Grant Program (formerly the Small, Socially-Disadvantaged Producer Grant
Program), which assists organizations that provide technical assistance to
socially-disadvantaged groups in rural areas. Examples of technical assistance
are conducting feasibility studies, developing business and strategic plans, and
providing leadership training.

USDA plans to make up to $3 million in grants available. The maximum award under
this notice is $175,000. More information on how to apply can be found on page
28937 of the May 20 Federal Register. Applications submitted by mail must be
postmarked by July 20, 2015. Electronic applications must be submitted at www.
grants.gov no later than midnight Eastern Time July 14, 2015.

Eligible applicants include groups of cooperatives, cooperative development
centers and individual cooperatives that serve socially-disadvantaged groups.
The cooperatives or centers can be located in any area, but the groups assisted
must be located in an eligible rural area. Also, the majority of the governing
body of the organization must be compromised of individuals who are members of
socially-disadvantaged groups.

USDA Rural Development is encouraging applications for projects in census tracts
with poverty rates of 20 percent or higher. All grants are awarded through a
national competition.

The program is making a difference in many rural areas. For example, in 2013,
the Southern California Focus on Cooperation (SCFC) received a $200,000 Small,
Socially-Disadvantaged Producer Grant to provide technical assistance to help 95
refugee immigrant and minority farmers improve their productive capacity,
increase revenue, and strengthen their ability to govern and manage their
cooperative businesses.

Many of the farmers benefiting from the project had little or no access to
formal schooling and had been persecuted and oppressed for years in their native
land. The International Rescue Committee (IRC), in concert with SCFC, developed
marketing channels including various farmers markets and restaurants where the
refugee farmers could sell their produce. Farmers have learned how to manage
these marketing channels themselves, without assistance from IRC, and have
gained new clients. They have also increased the level of cooperation among
Hispanic, Korean and African farmer groups. These groups are working toward
merging their efforts to form a single cooperative. The technical assistance
provided by SCFC has enabled these farmers to build skills that have truly been
life changing.

President Obama's historic investments in rural America have made our rural
communities stronger. Under his leadership, these investments in housing,
community facilities, businesses and infrastructure have empowered rural America
to continue leading the way - strengthening America's economy, small towns and
rural communities.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:
editorial@plusme.com

LOAD-DATE: May 27, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              241 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            March 22, 2017 Wednesday

FEDERAL REGISTER: Inviting Applications for Rural Cooperative Development Grants
Pages 14680 - 14688 [FR DOC # 2017-05600]

LENGTH: 9888  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: Office of the Federal Register has issued the following notice:



 DEPARTMENT OF AGRICULTURE Rural Business-Cooperative Service Inviting
Applications for Rural Cooperative Development Grants AGENCY: Rural Business-
Cooperative Service, USDA. ACTION: Notice.
----------------------------------------------------------------------- SUMMARY:
This Notice announces that the Rural Business-Cooperative Service (Agency) is
accepting fiscal year (FY) 2017 applications for the Rural Cooperative
Development Grant (RCDG) program.

This Notice is being issued prior to enactment of a full year appropriation act
for Fiscal Year (FY) 2017. The RCDG program is authorized under section 310B(e)
of the Consolidated Farm and Rural Development Act (CONACT) as amended by the
Agricultural Act of 2014. The purpose of announcing the RCDG program prior to
the enactment of full year appropriations is to provide applicants sufficient
time to prepare and submit their applications in response to this solicitation
and to provide the Agency time to process applications within FY 2017. Expenses
incurred in developing applications will be at the applicant's risk. The purpose
of this program is to provide financial assistance to improve the economic
condition of rural areas through cooperative development. Eligible applicants
include a non-profit corporation or an institution of higher education. DATES:
Completed applications must be submitted on paper or electronically according to
the following deadlines: Paper applications must be postmarked and mailed,
shipped, or sent overnight no later than June 2, 2017. You may also hand carry
your application to one of our field offices, but it must be received by close
of business on the deadline date. Late applications are not eligible for funding
under this Notice and will not be evaluated. Electronic applications must be
received by May 26, 2017, to be eligible for grant funding. Please review the
Grants.gov Web site at http://grants.
gov/applicants/organization_registration.jsp. For instructions on the process of
registering your organization as soon as possible to ensure you are able to meet
the electronic application deadline. Late applications are not eligible for
funding under this Notice and will not be evaluated. ADDRESSES: You should
contact a USDA Rural Development State Office (State Office) if you have
questions. You are encouraged to contact your State Office well in advance of
the application deadline to discuss your project and ask any questions about the
application process. Contact information for State Offices can be found at
http://www.rd.usda.gov/contact-us/state-offices. Program guidance as well as
application and matching funds templates may be obtained at
http://www.rd.usda.gov/programs-services/rural-cooperative-development-grant
-program. If you want to submit an electronic application, follow the
instructions for the RCDG funding announcement located at http://www.grants.gov.
If you want to submit a paper application, send it to the State Office located
in the State where you are headquartered. If you are headquartered in
Washington, DC please contact the Grants Division, Cooperative Programs, Rural
Business-Cooperative Service, at (202) 690-1374 for guidance on where to submit
your application. FOR FURTHER INFORMATION CONTACT: Grants Division, Cooperative
Programs, Rural Business-Cooperative Service, United States Department of
Agriculture, 1400 Independence Avenue, SW., Mail Stop-3253, Room 4208- South,
Washington, DC 20250-3253, (202) 690-1374. SUPPLEMENTARY INFORMATION: Overview
Federal Agency: Rural Business-Cooperative Service. Funding Opportunity Title:
Rural Cooperative Development Grants. Announcement Type: Initial Notice. Catalog
of Federal Domestic Assistance Number: 10.771. Date: Application Deadline. Paper
applications must be postmarked, mailed, shipped, or sent overnight no later
than June 2, 2017, or it will not be considered for funding. You may also hand
carry your application to one of our field offices, but it must be received by
close of business on the deadline date. Electronic applications must be received
by http://www.grants.gov no later than midnight Eastern Time May 26, 2017, or it
will not be considered for funding. Paperwork Reduction Act In accordance with
the Paperwork Reduction Act, the paperwork burden associated with this Notice
has been approved by the Office of Management and Budget (OMB) under OMB Control
Number 0570-0006. A. Program Description The RCDG program is authorized under
section 310B(e) of the [[Page 14681]] Consolidated Farm and Rural Development
Act (CONACT) (7 U.S.C. 1932 (e)) as amended by the Agricultural Act of 2014
(Pub. L. 113-79). You are required to comply with the regulations for this
program published at 7 CFR part 4284, subparts A and F, which are incorporated
by reference in this Notice. Therefore, you should become familiar with these
regulations. The primary objective of the RCDG program is to improve the
economic condition of rural areas through cooperative development. Grants are
awarded on a competitive basis. The maximum award amount per grant is $200,000.
Grants are available for non-profit corporations or higher education
institutions only. Grant funds may be used to pay for up to 75 percent of the
cost of establishing and operating centers for rural cooperative development.
Grant funds may be used to pay for 95 percent of the cost of establishing and
operating centers for rural cooperative development, when the applicant is a
1994 Institution as defined by 7 U.S.C. 301. The 1994 Institutions are commonly
known as Tribal Land Grant Institutions. Centers may have the expertise on staff
or they can contract out for the expertise, to assist individuals or entities in
the startup, expansion or operational improvement of rural businesses,
especially cooperative or mutually- owned businesses. Definitions The terms you
need to understand are defined and published at 7 CFR 4284.3 and 7 CFR 4284.504.
In addition, the terms ``rural'' and ``rural area,'' defined at section 343(a)
(13) of the CONACT (7 U.S.C. 1991(a)), are incorporated by reference, and will
be used for this program instead of those terms currently published at 7 CFR
4284.3. The term ``you'' referenced throughout this Notice should be understood
to mean ``you'' the applicant. Finally, there has been some confusion on the
Agency's meaning of the terms ``conflict of interest'' and ``mutually-owned
business,'' because they are not defined in the CONACT or in the regulations
used for the program. Therefore, the terms are clarified and should be
understood as follows. Conflict of interest--A situation in which a person or
entity has competing personal, professional, or financial interests that make it
difficult for the person or business to act impartially. Regarding use of both
grant and matching funds, Federal procurement standards prohibit transactions
that involve a real or apparent conflict of interest for owners, employees,
officers, agents, or their immediate family members having a financial or other
interest in the outcome of the project; or that restrict open and free
competition for unrestrained trade. Specifically, project funds may not be used
for services or goods going to, or coming from, a person or entity with a real
or apparent conflict of interest, including, but not limited to, owner(s) and
their immediate family members. An example of conflict of interest occurs when
the grantee's employees, board of directors, or the immediate family of either,
have the appearance of a professional or personal financial interest in the
recipients receiving the benefits or services of the grant. Mutually-owned
business--An organization owned and governed by members who either are its
consumers, producers, employees, or suppliers. B. Federal Award Information Type
of Award: Competitive Grant. Fiscal Year Funds: FY 2017. Total Funding: To be
determined. Maximum Award: $200,000. Anticipated Award Date: September 29, 2017.
C. Eligibility Information Applicants must meet all of the following eligibility
requirements. Applications which fail to meet any of these requirements by the
application deadline will be deemed ineligible and will not be evaluated
further. 1. Eligible Applicants You must be a nonprofit corporation or an
institution of higher education to apply for this program. Public bodies and
individuals cannot apply for this program. See 7 CFR 4284.507. You must also
meet the following requirements: a. An applicant is ineligible if they have been
debarred or suspended or otherwise excluded from or ineligible for participation
in Federal assistance programs under Executive Order 12549, ``Debarment and
Suspension.'' The Agency will check the System for Award Management (SAM) to
determine if the applicant has been debarred or suspended. In addition, an
applicant will be considered ineligible for a grant due to an outstanding
judgment obtained by the U.S. in a Federal Court (other than U.S. Tax Court), is
delinquent on the payment of Federal income taxes, or is delinquent on Federal
debt. See 7 CFR 4284.6. The applicant must certify as part of the application
that they do not have an outstanding judgment against them. The Agency will
check the Credit Alert Interactive Voice Response System (CAIVRS) to verify
this. b. Any corporation that has been convicted of a felony criminal violation
under any Federal law within the past 24 months or that has any unpaid Federal
tax liability that has been assessed, for which all judicial and administrative
remedies have been exhausted or have lapsed, and that is not being paid in a
timely manner pursuant to an agreement with the authority responsible for
collecting the tax liability, is not eligible for financial assistance provided
with funds appropriated by the Consolidated Appropriations Act, 2016 (Pub. L.
114- 113), unless a Federal agency has considered suspension or debarment of the
corporation and has made a determination that this further action is not
necessary to protect the interests of the Government. Applicants will be
required to complete Form AD-3030, ``Representations Regarding Felony Conviction
and Tax Delinquent Status for Corporate Applicants,'' if you are a corporation.
c. Applications will be deemed ineligible if the application includes any
funding restrictions identified under Section D.6. a and b. Inclusion of funding
restrictions outlined in Section D.6. a. and b. precludes the agency from making
a federal award. d. Applications will be deemed ineligible if the application is
not complete in accordance with the requirements stated in Section C.3.e., and
will not be reviewed. 2. Cost Sharing or Matching Your matching funds
requirement is 25 percent of the total project cost (5 percent for 1994
Institutions). See 7 CFR 4284.508. When you calculate your matching funds
requirement, please round up or down to whole dollars as appropriate. An example
of how to calculate your matching funds is as follows: a. Take the amount of
grant funds you are requesting and divide it by .75. This will give you your
total project cost. Example: $200,000 (grant amount)/.75 (percentage for use of
grant funds) = $266,667 (total project cost). b. Subtract the amount of grant
funds you are requesting from your total project cost. This will give you your
matching funds requirement. Example: $266,667 (total project cost)-$200,000 (
grant amount) = $66,667 (matching funds requirement). c. A quick way to double
check that you have the correct amount of matching funds is to take your total
project cost and multiply it by .25. Example: $266,667 (total project cost) x
.25 (maximum percentage of matching [[Page 14682]] funds requirement) = $66,667
(matching funds requirement). You must verify that all matching funds are
available during the grant period and provide this documentation with your
application in accordance with requirements identified in Section D.2.e.8. If
you are awarded a grant, additional verification documentation may be required
to confirm the availability of matching funds. Other rules for matching funds
that you must follow are listed below.  They must be spent on eligible expenses
during the grant

 period.

      They must be from eligible sources.

      They must be spent in advance or as a pro-rata portion of

 grant funds being spent.

      They must be provided by either the applicant or a third

 party in the form of cash or an in-kind contribution.

      They cannot include board/advisory council members' time.

      They cannot include other Federal grants unless provided

 by authorizing legislation.

      They cannot include cash or in-kind contributions donated

 outside the grant period.

      They cannot include over-valued, in-kind contributions.

      They cannot include any project costs that are ineligible

 under the RCDG program.

      They cannot include any project costs that are unallowable

 under the applicable grant ``Cost Principles,'' including 2 CFR part

 200, subpart E, and the Federal Acquisition Regulation (for-profits) or

 successor regulation.

      They can include loan funds from a Federal source.

      They can include travel and incidentals for board/advisory

 council members if you have established written policies explaining how

 these costs are normally reimbursed, including rates. You must include

 an explanation of this policy in your application or the contributions

 will not be considered as eligible matching funds.

      You must be able to document and verify the number of

 hours worked and the value associated with any in-kind contribution

 being used to meet a matching funds requirement.

      In-kind contributions provided by individuals, businesses,

 or cooperatives which are being assisted by you cannot be provided for

 the direct benefit of their own projects as USDA Rural Development

 considers this to be a conflict of interest or the appearance of a

 conflict of interest.

 3. Other Eligibility Requirements

 a. Purpose Eligibility

     Your application must propose the establishment or continuation of

 a cooperative development center concept. You must use project funds,

 including grant and matching funds for eligible purposes only (see 7

 CFR 4284.508). In addition, project funds may be used for programs

 providing for the coordination of services and sharing of information

 among the centers (see 7 U.S.C. 1932(e) (4) (C) (vi)).

 b. Project Eligibility

     All project activities must be for the benefit of a rural area.

 c. Multiple Application Eligibility

     Only one application can be submitted per applicant. If two

 applications are submitted (regardless of the applicant name) that

 include the same Executive Director and/or advisory boards or

 committees of an existing center, both applications will be determined

 not eligible for funding.

 d. Grant Period

     Your application must include a one-year grant period or it will

 not be considered for funding. The grant period should begin no earlier

 than October 1, 2017, and no later than January 1, 2018. Prior approval

 is needed from the Agency if you are awarded a grant and desire the

 grant period to begin earlier or later than previously discussed.

 Projects must be completed within a one-year timeframe. The Agency may

 approve requests to extend the grant period for up to an additional 12

 months at its discretion. Further guidance on grant period extensions

 will be provided in the award document.

 e. Completeness

     Your application will not be considered for funding if it fails to

 meet an eligibility criterion by time of application deadline and does

 not provide sufficient information to determine eligibility and

 scoring. In particular, you must include all of the forms and proposal

 elements as discussed in the regulation and as clarified further in

 this Notice. Incomplete applications will not be reviewed by the

 Agency. For more information on what is required for an application,

 see 7 CFR 4284.510.

 f. Satisfactory Performance

     If you have an existing RCDG award, you must discuss the status of

 your existing RCDG award at application time under the Eligibility

 Discussion. You must be performing satisfactorily to be considered

 eligible for a new award. Satisfactory performance includes being up-

 to-date on all financial and performance reports and being current on

 all tasks as approved in the work plan. The Agency will use its

 discretion to make this determination. In addition, if you have an

 existing award from the Socially-Disadvantaged Groups Grant (SDGG)

 program, you must discuss the status of your existing SDGG award at

 application time under Eligibility Discussion and be performing

 satisfactorily to be considered for a new RCDG award.

 g. Indirect Costs

     Your negotiated indirect cost rate approval does not need to be

 included in your application, but you will be required to provide it if

 a grant is awarded. Approval for indirect costs that are requested in

 an application without an approved indirect cost rate agreement is at

 the discretion of the Agency.



 D. Application and Submission Information



 1. Address To Request Application Package

     For further information, you should contact your State Office at

 http://www.rd.usda.gov/contact-us/state-offices. Program materials may

 also be obtained at http://www.rd.usda.gov/programs-services/
rural-cooperative-development-grant-program. You may also obtain a copy by

 calling 202-690-1374.

 2. Content and Form of Application Submission

     You may submit your application in paper form or electronically

 through Grants.gov. If you submit in paper form, any forms requiring

 signatures must include an original signature.

 a. Electronic Submission

     To submit an application electronically, you must use the

 Grants.gov Web site at http://www.Grants.gov. You may not submit an

 application electronically in any way other than through Grants.gov.

     You can locate the Grants.gov downloadable application package for

 this program by using a keyword, the program name, or the Catalog of

 Federal Domestic Assistance Number for this program.

     When you enter the Grants.gov Web site, you will find information

 about submitting an application electronically through the site, as

 well as the hours of operation.



 [[Page 14683]]



     To use Grants.gov, you must already have a DUNS number and you must

 also be registered and maintain registration in SAM. We strongly

 recommend that you do not wait until the application deadline date to

 begin the application process through Grants.gov.

     You must submit all of your application documents electronically

 through Grants.gov. Applications must include electronic signatures.

 Original signatures may be required if funds are awarded.

     After electronically submitting an application through Grants.gov,

 you will receive an automatic acknowledgement from Grants.gov that

 contains a Grants.gov tracking number.

 b. Paper Submission

     If you want to submit a paper application, send it to the State

 Office located in the State where your project will primarily take

 place. You can find State Office Contact information at:
http://www.rd.usda.gov/contact-us/state-offices. An optional-use Agency

 application template is available online at
http://www.rd.usda.gov/programs-services/rural-cooperative-development-grant
-program.

 c. Supplemental Information

     Your application must contain all of the required forms and

 proposal elements described in 7 CFR 4284.510 and as otherwise

 clarified in this Notice. Specifically, your application must include:

 (1) The required forms as described in 7 CFR 4284.510(b) and (2) the

 required proposal elements as described in 7 CFR 4284.510(c). If your

 application is incomplete, it is ineligible to compete for funds.

 Applications lacking sufficient information to determine eligibility

 and scoring will be considered ineligible. Information submitted after

 the application deadline will not be accepted. You are encouraged, but

 not required to utilize the application template found at
http://www.rd.usda.gov/programs-services/rural-cooperative-development-grant
-program.

 d. Clarifications on Forms

      Standard Form (SF) 424--Your DUNS number should be

 identified in the ``Organizational DUNS'' field on SF 424,

 ``Application for Federal Assistance.'' Since there are no specific

 fields for a Commercial and Government Entity (CAGE) code and

 expiration date, you may identify them anywhere you want to on Form SF

 424. In addition, you should provide the DUNS number and the CAGE code

 and expiration date under the applicant eligibility discussion in your

 proposal narrative. If you do not include the CAGE code and expiration

 date and the DUNS number in your application, it will not be considered

 for funding.

      Form AD-3030, ``Representations Regarding Felony

 Conviction and Tax Delinquent Status for Corporate Applicants,'' if you

 are a corporation. A corporation is any entity that has filed articles

 of incorporation in one of the 50 States, the District of Columbia, the

 Federated States of Micronesia, the Republic of Palau, and the Republic

 of the Marshall Islands, or the various territories of the United

 States including American Samoa, Guam, Midway Islands, the Commonwealth

 of the Northern Mariana Islands, Puerto Rico, or the U.S. Virgin

 Islands. Corporations include both for profit and non-profit entities.

      You can voluntarily fill out and submit the ``Survey on

 Ensuring Equal Opportunity for Applicants,'' as part of your

 application if you are a nonprofit organization.

 e. Clarifications on Proposal Elements

     1. You must include the title of the project as well as any other

 relevant identifying information on the Title Page.

     2. You must include a Table of Contents with page numbers for each

 component of the application to facilitate review.

     3. Your Executive Summary must include the items in 7 CFR

 4284.510(c)(3), and also discuss the percentage of work that will be

 performed among organizational staff, consultants, or other

 contractors. It should not exceed two pages.

     4. Your Eligibility Discussion must not exceed two pages and cover

 how you meet the eligibility requirements for applicant, matching

 funds, other eligibility requirements and grant period. If you have an

 existing RCDG or the Socially-Disadvantaged Groups Grant (SDGG)

 program, you must discuss the current status of those award(s) under

 grant period eligibility.

     5. Your Proposal Narrative must not exceed 40 pages and should

 describe the essential aspects of the project.

     i. You are only required to have one title page for the proposal.

     ii. If you list the evaluation criteria on the Table of Contents

 and specifically and individually address each criterion in narrative

 form, then it is not necessary for you to include an Information Sheet.

 Otherwise, the Information Sheet is required under 7 CFR

 4284.510(c)(ii).

     iii. You should include the following under Goals of the Project:

     A. A statement that substantiates that the Center will effectively

 serve rural areas in the United States;

     B. A statement that the primary objective of the Center will be to

 improve the economic condition of rural areas through cooperative

 development;

     C. A description of the contributions that the proposed activities

 are likely to make to the improvement of the economic conditions of the

 rural areas for which the Center will provide services. Expected

 economic impacts should be tied to tasks included in the work plan and

 budget; and

     D. A statement that the Center, in carrying out its activities,

 will seek, where appropriate, the advice, participation, expertise, and

 assistance of representatives of business, industry, educational

 institutions, the Federal government, and State and local governments.

     iv. The Agency has established annual performance evaluation

 measures to evaluate the RCDG program. You must provide estimates on

 the following performance evaluation measures.

      Number of groups who are not legal entities assisted.

      Number of businesses that are not cooperatives assisted.

      Number of cooperatives assisted.

      Number of businesses incorporated that are not

 cooperatives.

      Number of cooperatives incorporated.

      Total number of jobs created as a result of assistance.

      Total number of jobs saved as a result of assistance.

      Number of jobs created for the Center as a result of RCDG

 funding.

      Number of jobs saved for the Center as a result of RCDG

 funding.

     It is permissible to have a zero in a performance element. When you

 calculate jobs created, estimates should be based upon actual jobs to

 be created by your organization as a result of the RCDG funding or

 actual jobs to be created by cooperative businesses or other businesses

 as a result of assistance from your organization. When you calculate

 jobs saved, estimates should be based only on actual jobs that would

 have been lost if your organization did not receive RCDG funding or

 actual jobs that would have been lost without assistance from your

 organization.

     v. You can also suggest additional performance elements for example

 where job creation or jobs saved may not be a relevant indicator (e.g.

 housing). These additional criteria should be specific, measurable

 performance elements that could be included in an award document.

     vi. You must describe in the application how you will undertake to



 [[Page 14684]]



 do each of the following. We would prefer if you described these

 undertakings within proposal evaluation criteria to reduce duplication

 in your application. The specific proposal evaluation criterion where

 you should address each undertaking is noted below.

     A. Take all practicable steps to develop continuing sources of

 financial support for the Center, particularly from sources in the

 private sector (should be presented under proposal evaluation criterion

 j., utilizing the specific requirements of Section E.1.j.);

     B. Make arrangements for the Center's activities to be monitored

 and evaluated (should be addressed under proposal evaluation criterion

 number h. utilizing the specific requirements of Section E.1.h.); and

     C. Provide an accounting for the money received by the grantee in

 accordance with 7 CFR part 4284, subpart F. This should be addressed

 under proposal evaluation criterion number a., utilizing the specific

 requirements of Section E.1.a.

     vii. You should present the Work Plan and Budget proposal element

 under proposal evaluation criterion number h., utilizing the specific

 requirements of Section E.1.h. of this Notice to reduce duplication in

 your application.

     viii. You should present the Delivery of Cooperative development

 assistance proposal element under proposal evaluation criterion number

 b., utilizing the specific requirements of Section E.1.b. of this

 Notice.

     ix. You should present the Qualifications of Personnel proposal

 element under proposal evaluation criterion number i., utilizing the

 specific requirements of Section E.1.i. of this Notice.

     x. You should present the Local Support and Future Support proposal

 elements under proposal evaluation criterion number j., utilizing the

 requirements of Section E.1.j. of this Notice.

     xi. Your application will not be considered for funding if you do

 not address all of the proposal evaluation criteria. See Section E.1.

 of this Notice for a description of the proposal evaluation criteria.

     xii. Only appendices A-C will be considered when evaluating your

 application. You must not include resumes of staff or consultants in

 the application.

     6. You must certify that there are no current outstanding Federal

 judgments against your property and that you will not use grant funds

 to pay for any judgment obtained by the United States. To satisfy the

 Certification requirement, you should include this statement in your

 application: ``[INSERT NAME OF APPLICANT] certifies that the United

 States has not obtained an unsatisfied judgment against its property,

 is not delinquent on the payment of Federal income taxes, or any

 Federal debt, and will not use grant funds to pay any judgments

 obtained by the United States.'' A separate signature is not required.

     7. You must certify that matching funds will be available at the

 same time grant funds are anticipated to be spent and that expenditures

 of matching funds are pro-rated or spent in advance of grant funding,

 such that for every dollar of the total project cost, not less than the

 required amount of matching funds will be expended. Please note that

 this Certification is a separate requirement from the Verification of

 Matching Funds requirement. To satisfy the Certification requirement,

 you should include this statement in your application: ``[INSERT NAME

 OF APPLICANT] certifies that matching funds will be available at the

 same time grant funds are anticipated to be spent and that expenditures

 of matching funds shall be pro-rated or spent in advance of grant

 funding, such that for every dollar of the total project cost, at least

 25 cents (5 cents for 1994 Institutions) of matching funds will be

 expended.'' A separate signature is not required.

     8. You must provide documentation in your application to verify all

 of your proposed matching funds. The documentation must be included in

 Appendix A of your application and will not count towards the 40-page

 limitation. Template letters are available for each type of matching

 funds contribution at http://www.rd.usda.gov/programs-services/
rural-cooperative-development-grant-program.

     a. If matching funds are to be provided in cash, you must meet the

 following requirements.

      You: The application must include a statement verifying

 (1) the amount of the cash and (2) the source of the cash. You may also

 provide a bank statement dated 30 days or less from the application

 deadline date to verify your cash match.

      Third-party: The application must include a signed letter

 from the third party verifying (1) how much cash will be donated and

 (2) that it will be available corresponding to the proposed grant

 period or donated on a specific date within the grant period.

     b. If matching funds are to be provided by an in-kind donation, you

 must meet the following requirements.

      You: The application must include a signed letter from you

 or your authorized representative verifying (1) the nature of the goods

 and/or services to be donated and how they will be used, (2) when the

 goods and/or services will be donated (i.e., corresponding to the

 proposed grant period or to specific dates within the grant period),

 and (3) the value of the goods and/or services. Please note that most

 applicant contributions for the RCDG program are considered applicant

 cash match in accordance with this Notice. If you are unsure, please

 contact your State Office because identifying your matching funds

 improperly can affect your scoring.

      Third-Party: The application must include a signed letter

 from the third party verifying (1) the nature of the goods and/or

 services to be donated and how they will be used, (2) when the goods

 and/or services will be donated (i.e., corresponding to the proposed

 grant period or to specific dates within the grant period), and (3) the

 value of the goods and/or services.

     To ensure that you are identifying and verifying your matching

 funds appropriately, please note the following:

      If you are paying for goods and/or services as part of the

 matching funds requirement, the expenditure is considered a cash match,

 and you must verify it as such. Universities must verify the goods and

 services they are providing to the project as a cash match and the

 verification must be approved by the appropriate approval official

 (i.e., sponsored programs office or equivalent).

      If you have already received cash from a third-party

 (i.e., Foundation) before the start of your proposed grant period, you

 must verify this as your own cash match and not as a third-party cash

 match. If you are receiving cash from a third-party during the grant

 period, then you must be verifying the cash as a third-party cash

 match.

      Board resolutions for a cash match must be approved at the

 time of application.

      You can only consider goods or services for which no

 expenditure is made as an in-kind contribution.

      If a non-profit or another organization contributes the

 services of affiliated volunteers, they must follow the third-party,

 in-kind donation verification requirement for each individual

 volunteer.

      Expected program income may not be used to fulfill your

 matching funds requirement at the time you submit your application.

 However, if you have a contract to provide services in place at the

 time you submit your application, you can verify the amount of the

 contract as a cash match.



 [[Page 14685]]



      The valuation process you use for in-kind contributions

 does not need to be included in your application, but you must be able

 to demonstrate how the valuation was derived if you are awarded a

 grant. The grant award may be withdrawn or the amount of the grant

 reduced if you cannot demonstrate how the valuation was derived.

     Successful applicants must comply with requirements identified in

 Section F, Federal Award Administration.

 3. Dun and Bradstreet Data Universal Numbering System (DUNS) and System

 for Awards Management (SAM)

     In order to be eligible (unless you are excepted under 2 CFR

 25.110(b), (c) or (d), you are required to:

     (a) Provide a valid DUNS number in your application, which can be

 obtained at no cost via a toll-free request line at (866) 705-5711;

     (b) Register in SAM before submitting your application. You may

 register in SAM at no cost at https://www.sam.gov/portal/public/SAM/.

 You must provide your SAM Cage Code and expiration date or evidence

 that you have begun the SAM registration process at time of

 application, and

     (c) Continue to maintain an active SAM registration with current

 information at all times during which you have an active Federal award

 or an application or plan under consideration by a Federal awarding

 agency.

     If you have not fully complied with all applicable DUNS and SAM

 requirements, the Agency may determine that the applicant is not

 qualified to receive a Federal award and the Agency may use that

 determination as a basis for making an award to another applicant.

 Please refer to Section F.2 for additional submission requirements that

 apply to grantees selected for this program.

 4. Submission Dates and Times

     Application Deadline Date: June 2, 2017.

     Explanation of Deadlines: Complete applications must be submitted

 on paper or electronically according to the following deadlines:

     Paper applications must be postmarked and mailed, shipped, or sent

 overnight no later than June 2, 2017, to be eligible for grant funding.

 The Agency will determine whether your application is late based on the

 date shown on the postmark or shipping invoice. You may also hand carry

 your application to one of our field offices, but it must be received

 by close of business on the deadline date. If the due date falls on a

 Saturday, Sunday, or Federal holiday, the reporting package is due the

 next business day. Late applications will automatically be deemed

 ineligible.

     Electronic applications must be received by http://www.grants.gov

 no later than midnight Eastern Time May 26, 2017, to be eligible for

 grant funding. Please review the Grants.gov Web site at http://grants.
gov/applicants/organization_registration.jsp for instructions on

 the process of registering your organization as soon as possible to

 ensure you are able to meet the electronic application deadline.

 Grants.gov will not accept applications submitted after the deadline.

 5. Intergovernmental Review of Applications

     Executive Order (E.O.) 12372, ``Intergovernmental Review of Federal

 Programs,'' applies to this program. This E.O. requires that Federal

 agencies provide opportunities for consultation on proposed assistance

 with State and local governments. Many States have established a Single

 Point of Contact (SPOC) to facilitate this consultation. For a list of

 States that maintain a SPOC, please see the White House Web site:

 http://www.whitehouse.gov/omb/grants_spoc. If your State has a SPOC,

 you may submit a copy of the application directly for review. Any

 comments obtained through the SPOC must be provided to your State

 Office for consideration as part of your application. If your State has

 not established a SPOC, or if you do not want to submit a copy of the

 application, our State Offices will submit your application to the SPOC

 or other appropriate agency or agencies.

 6. Funding Restrictions

     a. Project funds, including grant and matching funds, cannot be

 used for ineligible grant purposes (see 7 CFR 4284.10). Also, you shall

 not use project funds for the following:

      To purchase, rent, or install laboratory equipment or

 processing machinery;

      To pay for the operating costs of any entity receiving

 assistance from the Center;

      To pay costs of the project where a conflict of interest

 exists;

      To fund any activities prohibited by 2 CFR part 200; or

      To fund any activities considered unallowable by 2 CFR

 part 200, subpart E, ``Cost Principles,'' and the Federal Acquisition

 Regulation (for-profits) or successor regulations.

     b. In addition, your application will not be considered for funding

 if it does any of the following:

      Focuses assistance on only one cooperative or mutually-

 owned business;

      Requests more than the maximum grant amount; or

      Proposes ineligible costs that equal more than 10 percent

 of total project costs. The ineligible costs will NOT be removed at

 this stage to proceed with application processing. For purposes of this

 determination, the grant amount requested plus the matching funds

 amount constitutes the total project costs.

     We will consider your application for funding if it includes

 ineligible costs of 10 percent or less of total project costs, as long

 as the remaining costs are determined eligible otherwise. However, if

 your application is successful, those ineligible costs must be removed

 and replaced with eligible costs before the Agency will make the grant

 award, or the amount of the grant award will be reduced accordingly. If

 we cannot determine the percentage of ineligible costs, your

 application will not be considered for funding.

 7. Other Submission Requirements

     a. You should not submit your application in more than one format.

 You must choose whether to submit your application in hard copy or

 electronically. Applications submitted in hard copy should be mailed or

 hand-delivered to the State Office located in the State where you are

 headquartered. You can find State Office contact information at:
http://www.rd.usda.gov/contact-us/state-offices. To submit an application

 electronically, you must follow the instruction for this funding

 announcement at http://www.grants.gov. A password is not required to

 access the Web site.

     b. National Environmental Policy Act.

     All recipients under this Notice are subject to the requirements of

 7 CFR part 1970. However, technical assistance awards under this Notice

 are classified as a Categorical Exclusion according to 7 CFR

 1970.53(b), and usually do not require any additional documentation.

     The Agency will review each grant application to determine its

 compliance with 7 CFR part 1970. The applicant may be asked to provide

 additional information or documentation to assist the Agency with this

 determination.

     c. Civil Rights Compliance Requirements.

     All grants made under this Notice are subject to Title VI of the

 Civil Rights Act of 1964 as required by the USDA (7 CFR part 15,

 subpart A) and Section 504 of the Rehabilitation Act of 1973.



 [[Page 14686]]



 E. Application Review Information



     The State Offices will review applications to determine if they are

 eligible for assistance based on requirements in 7 CFR part 4284,

 subparts A and F, this Notice, and other applicable Federal

 regulations. If determined eligible, your application will be scored by

 a panel of USDA employees in accordance with the point allocation

 specified in this Notice. A recommendation will be submitted to the

 Administrator to fund applications in highest ranking order.

 Applications that cannot be fully funded may be offered partial funding

 at the Agency's discretion.

 1. Scoring Criteria

     Scoring criteria will follow criteria published at 7 CFR 4284.513

 as supplemented below including any amendments made by the Section 6013

 of the Food, Conservation, and Energy Act of 2008 (Pub. L. 110-234),

 which is incorporated by reference in this Notice. The regulatory and

 statutory criteria are clarified and supplemented below. You should

 also include information as described in Section D.2.e.5.vi. if you

 choose to address these items under the scoring criteria. Evaluators

 will base scores only on the information provided or cross-referenced

 by page number in each individual evaluation criterion. The maximum

 amount of points available is 100. Newly established or proposed

 Centers that do not yet have a track record on which to evaluate the

 following criteria should refer to the expertise and track records of

 staff or consultants expected to perform tasks related to the

 respective criteria. Proposed or newly established Centers must be

 organized well-enough at time of application to address its

 capabilities for meeting these criteria.

     a. Administrative capabilities (maximum score of 10 points). A

 panel of USDA employees will evaluate your demonstrated track record in

 carrying out activities in support of development assistance to

 cooperatively and mutually owned businesses. At a minimum, you must

 discuss the following administrative capabilities:

     1. Financial systems and audit controls;

     2. Personnel and program administration performance measures;

     3. Clear written rules of governance; and

     4. Experience administering Federal grant funding no later than the

 last 5 years, including but not limited to past RCDGs. Please list the

 name of the Federal grant program(s) and the amount(s) of funding

 received.

     You will score higher on this criterion if you can demonstrate that

 the Center has independent governance. For applicants that are

 universities or parent organizations, you should demonstrate that there

 is a separate board of directors for the Center.

     b. Technical assistance and other services (maximum score of 10

 points). A panel of USDA employees will evaluate your demonstrated

 expertise no later than the last 5 years in providing technical

 assistance and accomplishing effective outcomes in rural areas to

 promote and assist the development of cooperatively and mutually owned

 businesses. You must discuss at least:

     1. Your potential for delivering effective technical assistance;

     2. The types of assistance provided;

     3. The expected effects of that assistance;

     4. The sustainability of organizations receiving the assistance;

 and

     5. The transferability of your cooperative development strategies

 and focus to other areas of the U.S.

     A chart or table showing the outcomes of your demonstrated

 expertise based upon the performance elements listed in Section

 D.2.e.5.iv. or as identified in your award document on previous RCDG

 awards. At a minimum, please provide information for FY 2013--FY 2015

 awards. We prefer that you provide one chart or table separating out

 award years. The intention here is for you to provide actual

 performance numbers based upon award years even though your grant

 period for the award was for the next calendar or fiscal year. Please

 provide a narrative explanation if you have not received a RCDG award.

     You will score higher on this criterion if you provide more than 3

 years of outcomes and can demonstrate that the organizations you

 assisted within the last 5 years are sustainable. Additional outcome

 information should be provided on RCDG grants awarded before FY 2013.

 Please describe specific project(s) when addressing a-e of this

 paragraph.

     c. Economic development (maximum score of 10 points). A panel of

 USDA employees will evaluate your demonstrated ability to facilitate:

     1. Establishment of cooperatives or mutually owned businesses;

     2. New cooperative approaches (i.e., organizing cooperatives among

 underserved individuals or communities; an innovative market approach;

 a type of cooperative currently not in your service area; a new

 cooperative structure; novel ways to raise member equity or community

 capitalization; conversion of an existing business to cooperative

 ownership); and

     3. Retention of businesses, generation of employment opportunities

 or other factors, as applicable, that will otherwise improve the

 economic conditions of rural areas.

     You will score higher on this criterion if you provide economic

 statistics showing the impacts of your past development projects no

 later than 5 years old and identify your role in the economic

 development outcomes.

     d. Past performance in establishing legal business entities

 (maximum score of 10 points). A panel of USDA employees will evaluate

 your demonstrated past performance in establishing legal cooperative

 business entities and other legal business entities during January 1,

 2014-December 31, 2016. Provide the name of the organization(s)

 established, the date of formation and your role in assisting with the

 incorporation(s) under this criterion. In addition, documentation

 verifying the establishment of legal business entities must be included

 in Appendix C of your application and will not count against the 40-

 page limit for the narrative. The documentation must include proof that

 organizational documents were filed with the Secretary of State's

 Office (i.e. Certificate of Incorporation or information from the

 State's official Web site naming the entity established and the date of

 establishment); or if the business entity is not required to register

 with the Secretary of State, a certification from the business entity

 that a legal business entity has been established and when. Please note

 that you are not required to submit articles of incorporation to

 receive points under this criterion. You will score higher on this

 criterion if you have established legal cooperative businesses.

     e. Networking and regional focus (maximum score of 10 points). A

 panel of USDA employees will evaluate your demonstrated commitment to:

     1. Networking with other cooperative development centers, and other

 organizations involved in rural economic development efforts, and

     2. Developing multi-organization and multi-state approaches to

 addressing the economic development and cooperative needs of rural

 areas.

     You will score higher on this criterion if you can demonstrate the

 outcomes of your multi-organizational and multi-state approaches.

 Please describe the project(s), partners and the outcome(s) that

 resulted from the approach.

     f. Commitment (maximum score of 10 points). A panel of USDA

 employees will evaluate your commitment to providing technical

 assistance and other services to under-served and



 [[Page 14687]]



 economically distressed areas in rural areas of the United States. You

 will score higher on this criterion if you define and describe the

 underserved and economically distressed areas within your service area,

 provide statistics, and identify projects within or affecting these

 areas, as appropriate.

     g. Matching Funds (maximum score of 10 points). A panel of USDA

 employees will evaluate your commitment for the 25 percent (5 percent

 for 1994 Institutions) matching funds requirement. A chart or table

 should be provided to describe all matching funds being committed to

 the project. However, formal documentation to verify all of the

 matching funds must be included in Appendix A of your application. You

 will be scored on how you identify your matching funds.

     1. If you met the 25 percent (5 percent for 1994 Institutions)

 matching requirement, points will be assigned as follows:

      In-kind only--1 point,

      Mix of in-kind and cash--3-4 points (maximum points will

 be awarded if the ratio of cash to in-kind is 30 percent and above of

 matching funds), or

      Cash only--5 points.

     2. If you exceeded the 25 percent (5 percent for 1994 Institutions)

 matching requirement, points will be assigned as follows:

      In-kind only--2 points,

      Mix of in-kind and cash--6-7 points (maximum points will

 be awarded if the ratio of cash to in-kind is 30 percent and above of

 matching funds), or

      Cash only--10 points.

     h. Work Plan/Budget (maximum score of 10 points). A panel of USDA

 employees will evaluate your work plan for detailed actions and an

 accompanying timetable for implementing the proposal. The budget must

 present a breakdown of the estimated costs associated with cooperative

 and business development activities as well as the operation of the

 Center and allocate these costs to each of the tasks to be undertaken.

 Matching funds as well as grant funds must be accounted for in the

 budget.

     You must discuss at a minimum:

     1. Specific tasks (whether it be by type of service or specific

 project) to be completed using grant and matching funds;

     2. How customers will be identified;

     3. Key personnel; and

     4. The evaluation methods to be used to determine the success of

 specific tasks and overall objectives of Center operations. Please

 provide qualitative methods of evaluation. For example, evaluation

 methods should go beyond quantitative measurements of completing

 surveys or number of evaluations.

     You will score higher on this criterion if you present a clear,

 logical, realistic, and efficient work plan and budget.

     i. Qualifications of those Performing the Tasks (maximum score of

 10 points). A panel of USDA employees will evaluate your application to

 determine if the personnel expected to perform key tasks have a track

 record of:

     1. Positive solutions for complex cooperative development and/or

 marketing problems; or

     2. A successful record of conducting accurate feasibility studies,

 business plans, marketing analysis, or other activities relevant to

 your success as determined by the tasks identified in the work plan;

 and

     3. Whether the personnel expected to perform the tasks are full/

 part-time employees of your organization or are contract personnel.

     You will score higher on this criterion if you demonstrate

 commitment and availability of qualified personnel expected to perform

 the tasks.

     j. Local and Future Support (maximum score of 10 points). A panel

 of USDA employees will evaluate your application for local and future

 support. Support should be discussed directly within the response to

 this criterion.

     1. Discussion on local support should include previous and/or

 expected local support and plans for coordinating with other

 developmental organizations in the proposed service area or with state

 and local government institutions. You will score higher if you

 demonstrate strong support from potential beneficiaries and formal

 evidence of intent to coordinate with other developmental

 organizations. You may also submit a maximum of 10 letters of support

 or intent to coordinate with the application to verify your discussion.

 These letters should be included in Appendix B of your application and

 will not count against the 40-page limit for the narrative.

     2. Discussion on future support will include your vision for

 funding operations in future years. You should document:

     (i) New and existing funding sources that support your goals;

     (ii) Alternative funding sources that reduce reliance on Federal,

 State, and local grants; and

     (iii) The use of in-house personnel for providing services versus

 contracting out for that expertise. Please discuss your strategy for

 building in-house technical assistance capacity.

     You will score higher if you can demonstrate that your future

 support will result in long-term sustainability of the Center.

 2. Review and Selection Process

     The State Offices will review applications to determine if they are

 eligible for assistance based on requirements in 7 CFR part 4284,

 subparts A and F, this Notice, and other applicable Federal

 regulations. If determined eligible, your application will be scored by

 a panel of USDA employees in accordance with the point allocation

 specified in this Notice. A recommendation will be submitted to the

 Administrator to fund applications in highest ranking order.

 Applications that cannot be fully funded may be offered partial funding

 at the Agency's discretion. If your application is evaluated, but not

 funded, it will not be carried forward into the next competition.



 F. Federal Award Administration Information



 1. Federal Award Notices

     If you are selected for funding, you will receive a signed notice

 of Federal award by postal mail from the State Office where your

 application was submitted, containing instructions on requirements

 necessary to proceed with execution and performance of the award.

     If you are not selected for funding, you will be notified in

 writing via postal mail and informed of any review and appeal rights.

 You must comply with all applicable statutes, regulations, and notice

 requirements before the grant award will be approved. There will be no

 available funds for successful appellants once all FY 2017 funds are

 awarded and obligated. See 7 CFR part 11 for USDA National Appeals

 Division procedures.

 2. Administrative and National Policy Requirements

     Additional requirements that apply to grantees selected for this

 program can be found in 7 CFR part 4284, subpart F; the Grants and

 Agreements regulations of the Department of Agriculture codified in 2

 CFR parts 180, 400, 415, 417, 418, 421; 2 CFR parts 25 and 170; and 48

 CFR 31.2, and successor regulations to these parts.

     In addition, all recipients of Federal financial assistance are

 required to report information about first-tier subawards and executive

 compensation (see 2 CFR part 170). You will be required to have the

 necessary processes and systems in place to comply with the



 [[Page 14688]]



 Federal Funding Accountability and Transparency Act of 2006 (Pub. L.

 109-282) reporting requirements (see 2 CFR 170.200(b), unless you are

 exempt under 2 CFR 170.110(b)).

     The following additional requirements apply to grantees selected

 for this program:

      Agency-approved Grant Agreement.

      Letter of Conditions.

      Form RD 1940-1, ``Request for Obligation of Funds.''

      Form RD 1942-46, ``Letter of Intent to Meet Conditions.''

      Form AD-1047, ``Certification Regarding Debarment,

 Suspension, and Other Responsibility Matters-Primary Covered

 Transactions.''

      Form AD-1048, ``Certification Regarding Debarment,

 Suspension, Ineligibility and Voluntary Exclusion-Lower Tier Covered

 Transactions.''

      Form AD-1049, ``Certification Regarding Drug-Free

 Workplace Requirements (Grants).''

      Form RD 400-4, ``Assurance Agreement.''

      SF LLL, ``Disclosure of Lobbying Activities,'' if

 applicable.

      Form AD-3031, ``Assurance Regarding Felony Conviction or

 Tax Delinquent Status for Corporate Applicants.'' Must be signed by

 corporate applicants who receive an award under this Notice.

 3. Reporting

     After grant approval and through grant completion, you will be

 required to provide the following:

     a. A SF-425, ``Federal Financial Report,'' and a project

 performance report will be required on a semiannual basis (due 30

 working days after end of the semiannual period). The project

 performance reports shall include the following: A comparison of actual

 accomplishments to the objectives established for that period;

     b. Reasons why established objectives were not met, if applicable;

     c. Reasons for any problems, delays, or adverse conditions, if any,

 which have affected or will affect attainment of overall project

 objectives, prevent meeting time schedules or objectives, or preclude

 the attainment of particular objectives during established time

 periods. This disclosure shall be accompanied by a statement of the

 action taken or planned to resolve the situation; and

     d. Objectives and timetable established for the next reporting

 period.

     e. Provide a final project and financial status report within 90

 days after the expiration or termination of the grant.

     f. Provide outcome project performance reports and final

 deliverables.



 G. Agency Contacts



     If you have questions about this Notice, please contact the

 appropriate State Office at http://www.rd.usda.gov/contact-us/state-offices.
Program guidance as well as application and matching funds

 templates may be obtained at http://www.rd.usda.gov/programs-services/
rural-cooperative-development-grant-program. If you want to submit an

 electronic application, follow the instructions for the RCDG funding

 announcement located at http://www.grants.gov. You may also contact

 National Office staff: Natalie Melton, RCDG Program Lead,

 natalie.melton@wdc.usda.gov, or call the main line at 202-690-1374.



 H. Nondiscrimination Statement



     In accordance with Federal civil rights law and U.S. Department of

 Agriculture (USDA) civil rights regulations and policies, the USDA, its

 Agencies, offices, and employees, and institutions participating in or

 administering USDA programs are prohibited from discriminating based on

 race, color, national origin, religion, sex, gender identity (including

 gender expression), sexual orientation, disability, age, marital

 status, family/parental status, income derived from a public assistance

 program, political beliefs, or reprisal or retaliation for prior civil

 rights activity, in any program or activity conducted or funded by USDA

 (not all bases apply to all programs). Remedies and complaint filing

 deadlines vary by program or incident.

     Persons with disabilities who require alternative means of

 communication for program information (e.g., Braille, large print,

 audiotape, American Sign Language, etc.) should contact the responsible

 Agency or USDA's TARGET Center at (202) 720-2600 (voice and TTY) or

 contact USDA through the Federal Relay Service at (800) 877-8339.

 Additionally, program information may be made available in languages

 other than English.

     To file a program discrimination complaint, complete the USDA

 Program Discrimination Complaint Form, AD-3027, found online at
http://www.ascr.usda.gov/complaint_filing_cust.html and at any USDA office or

 write a letter addressed to USDA and provide in the letter all of the

 information requested in the form. To request a copy of the complaint

 form, call (866) 632-9992. Submit your completed form or letter to USDA

 by:

     (1) Mail: U.S. Department of Agriculture, Office of the Assistant

 Secretary for Civil Rights, 1400 Independence Avenue SW., Washington,

 DC 20250-9410;

     (2) Fax: (202) 690-7442; or

     (3) Email: program.intake@usda.gov



     Dated: March 15, 2017.

 Mark Brodziski,

 Acting Administrator, Rural Business-Cooperative Service.

 [FR Doc. 2017-05600 Filed 3-21-17; 8:45 am]

  BILLING CODE 3410-XY-P



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: March 23, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2017 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              242 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            March 22, 2017 Wednesday

FEDERAL REGISTER: Inviting Applications for Rural Cooperative Development Grants
Pages 14680 - 14688 [FR DOC # 2017-05600]

LENGTH: 9888  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: Office of the Federal Register has issued the following notice:



 DEPARTMENT OF AGRICULTURE Rural Business-Cooperative Service Inviting
Applications for Rural Cooperative Development Grants AGENCY: Rural Business-
Cooperative Service, USDA. ACTION: Notice.
----------------------------------------------------------------------- SUMMARY:
This Notice announces that the Rural Business-Cooperative Service (Agency) is
accepting fiscal year (FY) 2017 applications for the Rural Cooperative
Development Grant (RCDG) program.

This Notice is being issued prior to enactment of a full year appropriation act
for Fiscal Year (FY) 2017. The RCDG program is authorized under section 310B(e)
of the Consolidated Farm and Rural Development Act (CONACT) as amended by the
Agricultural Act of 2014. The purpose of announcing the RCDG program prior to
the enactment of full year appropriations is to provide applicants sufficient
time to prepare and submit their applications in response to this solicitation
and to provide the Agency time to process applications within FY 2017. Expenses
incurred in developing applications will be at the applicant's risk. The purpose
of this program is to provide financial assistance to improve the economic
condition of rural areas through cooperative development. Eligible applicants
include a non-profit corporation or an institution of higher education. DATES:
Completed applications must be submitted on paper or electronically according to
the following deadlines: Paper applications must be postmarked and mailed,
shipped, or sent overnight no later than June 2, 2017. You may also hand carry
your application to one of our field offices, but it must be received by close
of business on the deadline date. Late applications are not eligible for funding
under this Notice and will not be evaluated. Electronic applications must be
received by May 26, 2017, to be eligible for grant funding. Please review the
Grants.gov Web site at http://grants.
gov/applicants/organization_registration.jsp. For instructions on the process of
registering your organization as soon as possible to ensure you are able to meet
the electronic application deadline. Late applications are not eligible for
funding under this Notice and will not be evaluated. ADDRESSES: You should
contact a USDA Rural Development State Office (State Office) if you have
questions. You are encouraged to contact your State Office well in advance of
the application deadline to discuss your project and ask any questions about the
application process. Contact information for State Offices can be found at
http://www.rd.usda.gov/contact-us/state-offices. Program guidance as well as
application and matching funds templates may be obtained at
http://www.rd.usda.gov/programs-services/rural-cooperative-development-grant
-program. If you want to submit an electronic application, follow the
instructions for the RCDG funding announcement located at http://www.grants.gov.
If you want to submit a paper application, send it to the State Office located
in the State where you are headquartered. If you are headquartered in
Washington, DC please contact the Grants Division, Cooperative Programs, Rural
Business-Cooperative Service, at (202) 690-1374 for guidance on where to submit
your application. FOR FURTHER INFORMATION CONTACT: Grants Division, Cooperative
Programs, Rural Business-Cooperative Service, United States Department of
Agriculture, 1400 Independence Avenue, SW., Mail Stop-3253, Room 4208- South,
Washington, DC 20250-3253, (202) 690-1374. SUPPLEMENTARY INFORMATION: Overview
Federal Agency: Rural Business-Cooperative Service. Funding Opportunity Title:
Rural Cooperative Development Grants. Announcement Type: Initial Notice. Catalog
of Federal Domestic Assistance Number: 10.771. Date: Application Deadline. Paper
applications must be postmarked, mailed, shipped, or sent overnight no later
than June 2, 2017, or it will not be considered for funding. You may also hand
carry your application to one of our field offices, but it must be received by
close of business on the deadline date. Electronic applications must be received
by http://www.grants.gov no later than midnight Eastern Time May 26, 2017, or it
will not be considered for funding. Paperwork Reduction Act In accordance with
the Paperwork Reduction Act, the paperwork burden associated with this Notice
has been approved by the Office of Management and Budget (OMB) under OMB Control
Number 0570-0006. A. Program Description The RCDG program is authorized under
section 310B(e) of the [[Page 14681]] Consolidated Farm and Rural Development
Act (CONACT) (7 U.S.C. 1932 (e)) as amended by the Agricultural Act of 2014
(Pub. L. 113-79). You are required to comply with the regulations for this
program published at 7 CFR part 4284, subparts A and F, which are incorporated
by reference in this Notice. Therefore, you should become familiar with these
regulations. The primary objective of the RCDG program is to improve the
economic condition of rural areas through cooperative development. Grants are
awarded on a competitive basis. The maximum award amount per grant is $200,000.
Grants are available for non-profit corporations or higher education
institutions only. Grant funds may be used to pay for up to 75 percent of the
cost of establishing and operating centers for rural cooperative development.
Grant funds may be used to pay for 95 percent of the cost of establishing and
operating centers for rural cooperative development, when the applicant is a
1994 Institution as defined by 7 U.S.C. 301. The 1994 Institutions are commonly
known as Tribal Land Grant Institutions. Centers may have the expertise on staff
or they can contract out for the expertise, to assist individuals or entities in
the startup, expansion or operational improvement of rural businesses,
especially cooperative or mutually- owned businesses. Definitions The terms you
need to understand are defined and published at 7 CFR 4284.3 and 7 CFR 4284.504.
In addition, the terms ``rural'' and ``rural area,'' defined at section 343(a)
(13) of the CONACT (7 U.S.C. 1991(a)), are incorporated by reference, and will
be used for this program instead of those terms currently published at 7 CFR
4284.3. The term ``you'' referenced throughout this Notice should be understood
to mean ``you'' the applicant. Finally, there has been some confusion on the
Agency's meaning of the terms ``conflict of interest'' and ``mutually-owned
business,'' because they are not defined in the CONACT or in the regulations
used for the program. Therefore, the terms are clarified and should be
understood as follows. Conflict of interest--A situation in which a person or
entity has competing personal, professional, or financial interests that make it
difficult for the person or business to act impartially. Regarding use of both
grant and matching funds, Federal procurement standards prohibit transactions
that involve a real or apparent conflict of interest for owners, employees,
officers, agents, or their immediate family members having a financial or other
interest in the outcome of the project; or that restrict open and free
competition for unrestrained trade. Specifically, project funds may not be used
for services or goods going to, or coming from, a person or entity with a real
or apparent conflict of interest, including, but not limited to, owner(s) and
their immediate family members. An example of conflict of interest occurs when
the grantee's employees, board of directors, or the immediate family of either,
have the appearance of a professional or personal financial interest in the
recipients receiving the benefits or services of the grant. Mutually-owned
business--An organization owned and governed by members who either are its
consumers, producers, employees, or suppliers. B. Federal Award Information Type
of Award: Competitive Grant. Fiscal Year Funds: FY 2017. Total Funding: To be
determined. Maximum Award: $200,000. Anticipated Award Date: September 29, 2017.
C. Eligibility Information Applicants must meet all of the following eligibility
requirements. Applications which fail to meet any of these requirements by the
application deadline will be deemed ineligible and will not be evaluated
further. 1. Eligible Applicants You must be a nonprofit corporation or an
institution of higher education to apply for this program. Public bodies and
individuals cannot apply for this program. See 7 CFR 4284.507. You must also
meet the following requirements: a. An applicant is ineligible if they have been
debarred or suspended or otherwise excluded from or ineligible for participation
in Federal assistance programs under Executive Order 12549, ``Debarment and
Suspension.'' The Agency will check the System for Award Management (SAM) to
determine if the applicant has been debarred or suspended. In addition, an
applicant will be considered ineligible for a grant due to an outstanding
judgment obtained by the U.S. in a Federal Court (other than U.S. Tax Court), is
delinquent on the payment of Federal income taxes, or is delinquent on Federal
debt. See 7 CFR 4284.6. The applicant must certify as part of the application
that they do not have an outstanding judgment against them. The Agency will
check the Credit Alert Interactive Voice Response System (CAIVRS) to verify
this. b. Any corporation that has been convicted of a felony criminal violation
under any Federal law within the past 24 months or that has any unpaid Federal
tax liability that has been assessed, for which all judicial and administrative
remedies have been exhausted or have lapsed, and that is not being paid in a
timely manner pursuant to an agreement with the authority responsible for
collecting the tax liability, is not eligible for financial assistance provided
with funds appropriated by the Consolidated Appropriations Act, 2016 (Pub. L.
114- 113), unless a Federal agency has considered suspension or debarment of the
corporation and has made a determination that this further action is not
necessary to protect the interests of the Government. Applicants will be
required to complete Form AD-3030, ``Representations Regarding Felony Conviction
and Tax Delinquent Status for Corporate Applicants,'' if you are a corporation.
c. Applications will be deemed ineligible if the application includes any
funding restrictions identified under Section D.6. a and b. Inclusion of funding
restrictions outlined in Section D.6. a. and b. precludes the agency from making
a federal award. d. Applications will be deemed ineligible if the application is
not complete in accordance with the requirements stated in Section C.3.e., and
will not be reviewed. 2. Cost Sharing or Matching Your matching funds
requirement is 25 percent of the total project cost (5 percent for 1994
Institutions). See 7 CFR 4284.508. When you calculate your matching funds
requirement, please round up or down to whole dollars as appropriate. An example
of how to calculate your matching funds is as follows: a. Take the amount of
grant funds you are requesting and divide it by .75. This will give you your
total project cost. Example: $200,000 (grant amount)/.75 (percentage for use of
grant funds) = $266,667 (total project cost). b. Subtract the amount of grant
funds you are requesting from your total project cost. This will give you your
matching funds requirement. Example: $266,667 (total project cost)-$200,000 (
grant amount) = $66,667 (matching funds requirement). c. A quick way to double
check that you have the correct amount of matching funds is to take your total
project cost and multiply it by .25. Example: $266,667 (total project cost) x
.25 (maximum percentage of matching [[Page 14682]] funds requirement) = $66,667
(matching funds requirement). You must verify that all matching funds are
available during the grant period and provide this documentation with your
application in accordance with requirements identified in Section D.2.e.8. If
you are awarded a grant, additional verification documentation may be required
to confirm the availability of matching funds. Other rules for matching funds
that you must follow are listed below.  They must be spent on eligible expenses
during the grant

 period.

      They must be from eligible sources.

      They must be spent in advance or as a pro-rata portion of

 grant funds being spent.

      They must be provided by either the applicant or a third

 party in the form of cash or an in-kind contribution.

      They cannot include board/advisory council members' time.

      They cannot include other Federal grants unless provided

 by authorizing legislation.

      They cannot include cash or in-kind contributions donated

 outside the grant period.

      They cannot include over-valued, in-kind contributions.

      They cannot include any project costs that are ineligible

 under the RCDG program.

      They cannot include any project costs that are unallowable

 under the applicable grant ``Cost Principles,'' including 2 CFR part

 200, subpart E, and the Federal Acquisition Regulation (for-profits) or

 successor regulation.

      They can include loan funds from a Federal source.

      They can include travel and incidentals for board/advisory

 council members if you have established written policies explaining how

 these costs are normally reimbursed, including rates. You must include

 an explanation of this policy in your application or the contributions

 will not be considered as eligible matching funds.

      You must be able to document and verify the number of

 hours worked and the value associated with any in-kind contribution

 being used to meet a matching funds requirement.

      In-kind contributions provided by individuals, businesses,

 or cooperatives which are being assisted by you cannot be provided for

 the direct benefit of their own projects as USDA Rural Development

 considers this to be a conflict of interest or the appearance of a

 conflict of interest.

 3. Other Eligibility Requirements

 a. Purpose Eligibility

     Your application must propose the establishment or continuation of

 a cooperative development center concept. You must use project funds,

 including grant and matching funds for eligible purposes only (see 7

 CFR 4284.508). In addition, project funds may be used for programs

 providing for the coordination of services and sharing of information

 among the centers (see 7 U.S.C. 1932(e) (4) (C) (vi)).

 b. Project Eligibility

     All project activities must be for the benefit of a rural area.

 c. Multiple Application Eligibility

     Only one application can be submitted per applicant. If two

 applications are submitted (regardless of the applicant name) that

 include the same Executive Director and/or advisory boards or

 committees of an existing center, both applications will be determined

 not eligible for funding.

 d. Grant Period

     Your application must include a one-year grant period or it will

 not be considered for funding. The grant period should begin no earlier

 than October 1, 2017, and no later than January 1, 2018. Prior approval

 is needed from the Agency if you are awarded a grant and desire the

 grant period to begin earlier or later than previously discussed.

 Projects must be completed within a one-year timeframe. The Agency may

 approve requests to extend the grant period for up to an additional 12

 months at its discretion. Further guidance on grant period extensions

 will be provided in the award document.

 e. Completeness

     Your application will not be considered for funding if it fails to

 meet an eligibility criterion by time of application deadline and does

 not provide sufficient information to determine eligibility and

 scoring. In particular, you must include all of the forms and proposal

 elements as discussed in the regulation and as clarified further in

 this Notice. Incomplete applications will not be reviewed by the

 Agency. For more information on what is required for an application,

 see 7 CFR 4284.510.

 f. Satisfactory Performance

     If you have an existing RCDG award, you must discuss the status of

 your existing RCDG award at application time under the Eligibility

 Discussion. You must be performing satisfactorily to be considered

 eligible for a new award. Satisfactory performance includes being up-

 to-date on all financial and performance reports and being current on

 all tasks as approved in the work plan. The Agency will use its

 discretion to make this determination. In addition, if you have an

 existing award from the Socially-Disadvantaged Groups Grant (SDGG)

 program, you must discuss the status of your existing SDGG award at

 application time under Eligibility Discussion and be performing

 satisfactorily to be considered for a new RCDG award.

 g. Indirect Costs

     Your negotiated indirect cost rate approval does not need to be

 included in your application, but you will be required to provide it if

 a grant is awarded. Approval for indirect costs that are requested in

 an application without an approved indirect cost rate agreement is at

 the discretion of the Agency.



 D. Application and Submission Information



 1. Address To Request Application Package

     For further information, you should contact your State Office at

 http://www.rd.usda.gov/contact-us/state-offices. Program materials may

 also be obtained at http://www.rd.usda.gov/programs-services/
rural-cooperative-development-grant-program. You may also obtain a copy by

 calling 202-690-1374.

 2. Content and Form of Application Submission

     You may submit your application in paper form or electronically

 through Grants.gov. If you submit in paper form, any forms requiring

 signatures must include an original signature.

 a. Electronic Submission

     To submit an application electronically, you must use the

 Grants.gov Web site at http://www.Grants.gov. You may not submit an

 application electronically in any way other than through Grants.gov.

     You can locate the Grants.gov downloadable application package for

 this program by using a keyword, the program name, or the Catalog of

 Federal Domestic Assistance Number for this program.

     When you enter the Grants.gov Web site, you will find information

 about submitting an application electronically through the site, as

 well as the hours of operation.



 [[Page 14683]]



     To use Grants.gov, you must already have a DUNS number and you must

 also be registered and maintain registration in SAM. We strongly

 recommend that you do not wait until the application deadline date to

 begin the application process through Grants.gov.

     You must submit all of your application documents electronically

 through Grants.gov. Applications must include electronic signatures.

 Original signatures may be required if funds are awarded.

     After electronically submitting an application through Grants.gov,

 you will receive an automatic acknowledgement from Grants.gov that

 contains a Grants.gov tracking number.

 b. Paper Submission

     If you want to submit a paper application, send it to the State

 Office located in the State where your project will primarily take

 place. You can find State Office Contact information at:
http://www.rd.usda.gov/contact-us/state-offices. An optional-use Agency

 application template is available online at
http://www.rd.usda.gov/programs-services/rural-cooperative-development-grant
-program.

 c. Supplemental Information

     Your application must contain all of the required forms and

 proposal elements described in 7 CFR 4284.510 and as otherwise

 clarified in this Notice. Specifically, your application must include:

 (1) The required forms as described in 7 CFR 4284.510(b) and (2) the

 required proposal elements as described in 7 CFR 4284.510(c). If your

 application is incomplete, it is ineligible to compete for funds.

 Applications lacking sufficient information to determine eligibility

 and scoring will be considered ineligible. Information submitted after

 the application deadline will not be accepted. You are encouraged, but

 not required to utilize the application template found at
http://www.rd.usda.gov/programs-services/rural-cooperative-development-grant
-program.

 d. Clarifications on Forms

      Standard Form (SF) 424--Your DUNS number should be

 identified in the ``Organizational DUNS'' field on SF 424,

 ``Application for Federal Assistance.'' Since there are no specific

 fields for a Commercial and Government Entity (CAGE) code and

 expiration date, you may identify them anywhere you want to on Form SF

 424. In addition, you should provide the DUNS number and the CAGE code

 and expiration date under the applicant eligibility discussion in your

 proposal narrative. If you do not include the CAGE code and expiration

 date and the DUNS number in your application, it will not be considered

 for funding.

      Form AD-3030, ``Representations Regarding Felony

 Conviction and Tax Delinquent Status for Corporate Applicants,'' if you

 are a corporation. A corporation is any entity that has filed articles

 of incorporation in one of the 50 States, the District of Columbia, the

 Federated States of Micronesia, the Republic of Palau, and the Republic

 of the Marshall Islands, or the various territories of the United

 States including American Samoa, Guam, Midway Islands, the Commonwealth

 of the Northern Mariana Islands, Puerto Rico, or the U.S. Virgin

 Islands. Corporations include both for profit and non-profit entities.

      You can voluntarily fill out and submit the ``Survey on

 Ensuring Equal Opportunity for Applicants,'' as part of your

 application if you are a nonprofit organization.

 e. Clarifications on Proposal Elements

     1. You must include the title of the project as well as any other

 relevant identifying information on the Title Page.

     2. You must include a Table of Contents with page numbers for each

 component of the application to facilitate review.

     3. Your Executive Summary must include the items in 7 CFR

 4284.510(c)(3), and also discuss the percentage of work that will be

 performed among organizational staff, consultants, or other

 contractors. It should not exceed two pages.

     4. Your Eligibility Discussion must not exceed two pages and cover

 how you meet the eligibility requirements for applicant, matching

 funds, other eligibility requirements and grant period. If you have an

 existing RCDG or the Socially-Disadvantaged Groups Grant (SDGG)

 program, you must discuss the current status of those award(s) under

 grant period eligibility.

     5. Your Proposal Narrative must not exceed 40 pages and should

 describe the essential aspects of the project.

     i. You are only required to have one title page for the proposal.

     ii. If you list the evaluation criteria on the Table of Contents

 and specifically and individually address each criterion in narrative

 form, then it is not necessary for you to include an Information Sheet.

 Otherwise, the Information Sheet is required under 7 CFR

 4284.510(c)(ii).

     iii. You should include the following under Goals of the Project:

     A. A statement that substantiates that the Center will effectively

 serve rural areas in the United States;

     B. A statement that the primary objective of the Center will be to

 improve the economic condition of rural areas through cooperative

 development;

     C. A description of the contributions that the proposed activities

 are likely to make to the improvement of the economic conditions of the

 rural areas for which the Center will provide services. Expected

 economic impacts should be tied to tasks included in the work plan and

 budget; and

     D. A statement that the Center, in carrying out its activities,

 will seek, where appropriate, the advice, participation, expertise, and

 assistance of representatives of business, industry, educational

 institutions, the Federal government, and State and local governments.

     iv. The Agency has established annual performance evaluation

 measures to evaluate the RCDG program. You must provide estimates on

 the following performance evaluation measures.

      Number of groups who are not legal entities assisted.

      Number of businesses that are not cooperatives assisted.

      Number of cooperatives assisted.

      Number of businesses incorporated that are not

 cooperatives.

      Number of cooperatives incorporated.

      Total number of jobs created as a result of assistance.

      Total number of jobs saved as a result of assistance.

      Number of jobs created for the Center as a result of RCDG

 funding.

      Number of jobs saved for the Center as a result of RCDG

 funding.

     It is permissible to have a zero in a performance element. When you

 calculate jobs created, estimates should be based upon actual jobs to

 be created by your organization as a result of the RCDG funding or

 actual jobs to be created by cooperative businesses or other businesses

 as a result of assistance from your organization. When you calculate

 jobs saved, estimates should be based only on actual jobs that would

 have been lost if your organization did not receive RCDG funding or

 actual jobs that would have been lost without assistance from your

 organization.

     v. You can also suggest additional performance elements for example

 where job creation or jobs saved may not be a relevant indicator (e.g.

 housing). These additional criteria should be specific, measurable

 performance elements that could be included in an award document.

     vi. You must describe in the application how you will undertake to



 [[Page 14684]]



 do each of the following. We would prefer if you described these

 undertakings within proposal evaluation criteria to reduce duplication

 in your application. The specific proposal evaluation criterion where

 you should address each undertaking is noted below.

     A. Take all practicable steps to develop continuing sources of

 financial support for the Center, particularly from sources in the

 private sector (should be presented under proposal evaluation criterion

 j., utilizing the specific requirements of Section E.1.j.);

     B. Make arrangements for the Center's activities to be monitored

 and evaluated (should be addressed under proposal evaluation criterion

 number h. utilizing the specific requirements of Section E.1.h.); and

     C. Provide an accounting for the money received by the grantee in

 accordance with 7 CFR part 4284, subpart F. This should be addressed

 under proposal evaluation criterion number a., utilizing the specific

 requirements of Section E.1.a.

     vii. You should present the Work Plan and Budget proposal element

 under proposal evaluation criterion number h., utilizing the specific

 requirements of Section E.1.h. of this Notice to reduce duplication in

 your application.

     viii. You should present the Delivery of Cooperative development

 assistance proposal element under proposal evaluation criterion number

 b., utilizing the specific requirements of Section E.1.b. of this

 Notice.

     ix. You should present the Qualifications of Personnel proposal

 element under proposal evaluation criterion number i., utilizing the

 specific requirements of Section E.1.i. of this Notice.

     x. You should present the Local Support and Future Support proposal

 elements under proposal evaluation criterion number j., utilizing the

 requirements of Section E.1.j. of this Notice.

     xi. Your application will not be considered for funding if you do

 not address all of the proposal evaluation criteria. See Section E.1.

 of this Notice for a description of the proposal evaluation criteria.

     xii. Only appendices A-C will be considered when evaluating your

 application. You must not include resumes of staff or consultants in

 the application.

     6. You must certify that there are no current outstanding Federal

 judgments against your property and that you will not use grant funds

 to pay for any judgment obtained by the United States. To satisfy the

 Certification requirement, you should include this statement in your

 application: ``[INSERT NAME OF APPLICANT] certifies that the United

 States has not obtained an unsatisfied judgment against its property,

 is not delinquent on the payment of Federal income taxes, or any

 Federal debt, and will not use grant funds to pay any judgments

 obtained by the United States.'' A separate signature is not required.

     7. You must certify that matching funds will be available at the

 same time grant funds are anticipated to be spent and that expenditures

 of matching funds are pro-rated or spent in advance of grant funding,

 such that for every dollar of the total project cost, not less than the

 required amount of matching funds will be expended. Please note that

 this Certification is a separate requirement from the Verification of

 Matching Funds requirement. To satisfy the Certification requirement,

 you should include this statement in your application: ``[INSERT NAME

 OF APPLICANT] certifies that matching funds will be available at the

 same time grant funds are anticipated to be spent and that expenditures

 of matching funds shall be pro-rated or spent in advance of grant

 funding, such that for every dollar of the total project cost, at least

 25 cents (5 cents for 1994 Institutions) of matching funds will be

 expended.'' A separate signature is not required.

     8. You must provide documentation in your application to verify all

 of your proposed matching funds. The documentation must be included in

 Appendix A of your application and will not count towards the 40-page

 limitation. Template letters are available for each type of matching

 funds contribution at http://www.rd.usda.gov/programs-services/
rural-cooperative-development-grant-program.

     a. If matching funds are to be provided in cash, you must meet the

 following requirements.

      You: The application must include a statement verifying

 (1) the amount of the cash and (2) the source of the cash. You may also

 provide a bank statement dated 30 days or less from the application

 deadline date to verify your cash match.

      Third-party: The application must include a signed letter

 from the third party verifying (1) how much cash will be donated and

 (2) that it will be available corresponding to the proposed grant

 period or donated on a specific date within the grant period.

     b. If matching funds are to be provided by an in-kind donation, you

 must meet the following requirements.

      You: The application must include a signed letter from you

 or your authorized representative verifying (1) the nature of the goods

 and/or services to be donated and how they will be used, (2) when the

 goods and/or services will be donated (i.e., corresponding to the

 proposed grant period or to specific dates within the grant period),

 and (3) the value of the goods and/or services. Please note that most

 applicant contributions for the RCDG program are considered applicant

 cash match in accordance with this Notice. If you are unsure, please

 contact your State Office because identifying your matching funds

 improperly can affect your scoring.

      Third-Party: The application must include a signed letter

 from the third party verifying (1) the nature of the goods and/or

 services to be donated and how they will be used, (2) when the goods

 and/or services will be donated (i.e., corresponding to the proposed

 grant period or to specific dates within the grant period), and (3) the

 value of the goods and/or services.

     To ensure that you are identifying and verifying your matching

 funds appropriately, please note the following:

      If you are paying for goods and/or services as part of the

 matching funds requirement, the expenditure is considered a cash match,

 and you must verify it as such. Universities must verify the goods and

 services they are providing to the project as a cash match and the

 verification must be approved by the appropriate approval official

 (i.e., sponsored programs office or equivalent).

      If you have already received cash from a third-party

 (i.e., Foundation) before the start of your proposed grant period, you

 must verify this as your own cash match and not as a third-party cash

 match. If you are receiving cash from a third-party during the grant

 period, then you must be verifying the cash as a third-party cash

 match.

      Board resolutions for a cash match must be approved at the

 time of application.

      You can only consider goods or services for which no

 expenditure is made as an in-kind contribution.

      If a non-profit or another organization contributes the

 services of affiliated volunteers, they must follow the third-party,

 in-kind donation verification requirement for each individual

 volunteer.

      Expected program income may not be used to fulfill your

 matching funds requirement at the time you submit your application.

 However, if you have a contract to provide services in place at the

 time you submit your application, you can verify the amount of the

 contract as a cash match.



 [[Page 14685]]



      The valuation process you use for in-kind contributions

 does not need to be included in your application, but you must be able

 to demonstrate how the valuation was derived if you are awarded a

 grant. The grant award may be withdrawn or the amount of the grant

 reduced if you cannot demonstrate how the valuation was derived.

     Successful applicants must comply with requirements identified in

 Section F, Federal Award Administration.

 3. Dun and Bradstreet Data Universal Numbering System (DUNS) and System

 for Awards Management (SAM)

     In order to be eligible (unless you are excepted under 2 CFR

 25.110(b), (c) or (d), you are required to:

     (a) Provide a valid DUNS number in your application, which can be

 obtained at no cost via a toll-free request line at (866) 705-5711;

     (b) Register in SAM before submitting your application. You may

 register in SAM at no cost at https://www.sam.gov/portal/public/SAM/.

 You must provide your SAM Cage Code and expiration date or evidence

 that you have begun the SAM registration process at time of

 application, and

     (c) Continue to maintain an active SAM registration with current

 information at all times during which you have an active Federal award

 or an application or plan under consideration by a Federal awarding

 agency.

     If you have not fully complied with all applicable DUNS and SAM

 requirements, the Agency may determine that the applicant is not

 qualified to receive a Federal award and the Agency may use that

 determination as a basis for making an award to another applicant.

 Please refer to Section F.2 for additional submission requirements that

 apply to grantees selected for this program.

 4. Submission Dates and Times

     Application Deadline Date: June 2, 2017.

     Explanation of Deadlines: Complete applications must be submitted

 on paper or electronically according to the following deadlines:

     Paper applications must be postmarked and mailed, shipped, or sent

 overnight no later than June 2, 2017, to be eligible for grant funding.

 The Agency will determine whether your application is late based on the

 date shown on the postmark or shipping invoice. You may also hand carry

 your application to one of our field offices, but it must be received

 by close of business on the deadline date. If the due date falls on a

 Saturday, Sunday, or Federal holiday, the reporting package is due the

 next business day. Late applications will automatically be deemed

 ineligible.

     Electronic applications must be received by http://www.grants.gov

 no later than midnight Eastern Time May 26, 2017, to be eligible for

 grant funding. Please review the Grants.gov Web site at http://grants.
gov/applicants/organization_registration.jsp for instructions on

 the process of registering your organization as soon as possible to

 ensure you are able to meet the electronic application deadline.

 Grants.gov will not accept applications submitted after the deadline.

 5. Intergovernmental Review of Applications

     Executive Order (E.O.) 12372, ``Intergovernmental Review of Federal

 Programs,'' applies to this program. This E.O. requires that Federal

 agencies provide opportunities for consultation on proposed assistance

 with State and local governments. Many States have established a Single

 Point of Contact (SPOC) to facilitate this consultation. For a list of

 States that maintain a SPOC, please see the White House Web site:

 http://www.whitehouse.gov/omb/grants_spoc. If your State has a SPOC,

 you may submit a copy of the application directly for review. Any

 comments obtained through the SPOC must be provided to your State

 Office for consideration as part of your application. If your State has

 not established a SPOC, or if you do not want to submit a copy of the

 application, our State Offices will submit your application to the SPOC

 or other appropriate agency or agencies.

 6. Funding Restrictions

     a. Project funds, including grant and matching funds, cannot be

 used for ineligible grant purposes (see 7 CFR 4284.10). Also, you shall

 not use project funds for the following:

      To purchase, rent, or install laboratory equipment or

 processing machinery;

      To pay for the operating costs of any entity receiving

 assistance from the Center;

      To pay costs of the project where a conflict of interest

 exists;

      To fund any activities prohibited by 2 CFR part 200; or

      To fund any activities considered unallowable by 2 CFR

 part 200, subpart E, ``Cost Principles,'' and the Federal Acquisition

 Regulation (for-profits) or successor regulations.

     b. In addition, your application will not be considered for funding

 if it does any of the following:

      Focuses assistance on only one cooperative or mutually-

 owned business;

      Requests more than the maximum grant amount; or

      Proposes ineligible costs that equal more than 10 percent

 of total project costs. The ineligible costs will NOT be removed at

 this stage to proceed with application processing. For purposes of this

 determination, the grant amount requested plus the matching funds

 amount constitutes the total project costs.

     We will consider your application for funding if it includes

 ineligible costs of 10 percent or less of total project costs, as long

 as the remaining costs are determined eligible otherwise. However, if

 your application is successful, those ineligible costs must be removed

 and replaced with eligible costs before the Agency will make the grant

 award, or the amount of the grant award will be reduced accordingly. If

 we cannot determine the percentage of ineligible costs, your

 application will not be considered for funding.

 7. Other Submission Requirements

     a. You should not submit your application in more than one format.

 You must choose whether to submit your application in hard copy or

 electronically. Applications submitted in hard copy should be mailed or

 hand-delivered to the State Office located in the State where you are

 headquartered. You can find State Office contact information at:
http://www.rd.usda.gov/contact-us/state-offices. To submit an application

 electronically, you must follow the instruction for this funding

 announcement at http://www.grants.gov. A password is not required to

 access the Web site.

     b. National Environmental Policy Act.

     All recipients under this Notice are subject to the requirements of

 7 CFR part 1970. However, technical assistance awards under this Notice

 are classified as a Categorical Exclusion according to 7 CFR

 1970.53(b), and usually do not require any additional documentation.

     The Agency will review each grant application to determine its

 compliance with 7 CFR part 1970. The applicant may be asked to provide

 additional information or documentation to assist the Agency with this

 determination.

     c. Civil Rights Compliance Requirements.

     All grants made under this Notice are subject to Title VI of the

 Civil Rights Act of 1964 as required by the USDA (7 CFR part 15,

 subpart A) and Section 504 of the Rehabilitation Act of 1973.



 [[Page 14686]]



 E. Application Review Information



     The State Offices will review applications to determine if they are

 eligible for assistance based on requirements in 7 CFR part 4284,

 subparts A and F, this Notice, and other applicable Federal

 regulations. If determined eligible, your application will be scored by

 a panel of USDA employees in accordance with the point allocation

 specified in this Notice. A recommendation will be submitted to the

 Administrator to fund applications in highest ranking order.

 Applications that cannot be fully funded may be offered partial funding

 at the Agency's discretion.

 1. Scoring Criteria

     Scoring criteria will follow criteria published at 7 CFR 4284.513

 as supplemented below including any amendments made by the Section 6013

 of the Food, Conservation, and Energy Act of 2008 (Pub. L. 110-234),

 which is incorporated by reference in this Notice. The regulatory and

 statutory criteria are clarified and supplemented below. You should

 also include information as described in Section D.2.e.5.vi. if you

 choose to address these items under the scoring criteria. Evaluators

 will base scores only on the information provided or cross-referenced

 by page number in each individual evaluation criterion. The maximum

 amount of points available is 100. Newly established or proposed

 Centers that do not yet have a track record on which to evaluate the

 following criteria should refer to the expertise and track records of

 staff or consultants expected to perform tasks related to the

 respective criteria. Proposed or newly established Centers must be

 organized well-enough at time of application to address its

 capabilities for meeting these criteria.

     a. Administrative capabilities (maximum score of 10 points). A

 panel of USDA employees will evaluate your demonstrated track record in

 carrying out activities in support of development assistance to

 cooperatively and mutually owned businesses. At a minimum, you must

 discuss the following administrative capabilities:

     1. Financial systems and audit controls;

     2. Personnel and program administration performance measures;

     3. Clear written rules of governance; and

     4. Experience administering Federal grant funding no later than the

 last 5 years, including but not limited to past RCDGs. Please list the

 name of the Federal grant program(s) and the amount(s) of funding

 received.

     You will score higher on this criterion if you can demonstrate that

 the Center has independent governance. For applicants that are

 universities or parent organizations, you should demonstrate that there

 is a separate board of directors for the Center.

     b. Technical assistance and other services (maximum score of 10

 points). A panel of USDA employees will evaluate your demonstrated

 expertise no later than the last 5 years in providing technical

 assistance and accomplishing effective outcomes in rural areas to

 promote and assist the development of cooperatively and mutually owned

 businesses. You must discuss at least:

     1. Your potential for delivering effective technical assistance;

     2. The types of assistance provided;

     3. The expected effects of that assistance;

     4. The sustainability of organizations receiving the assistance;

 and

     5. The transferability of your cooperative development strategies

 and focus to other areas of the U.S.

     A chart or table showing the outcomes of your demonstrated

 expertise based upon the performance elements listed in Section

 D.2.e.5.iv. or as identified in your award document on previous RCDG

 awards. At a minimum, please provide information for FY 2013--FY 2015

 awards. We prefer that you provide one chart or table separating out

 award years. The intention here is for you to provide actual

 performance numbers based upon award years even though your grant

 period for the award was for the next calendar or fiscal year. Please

 provide a narrative explanation if you have not received a RCDG award.

     You will score higher on this criterion if you provide more than 3

 years of outcomes and can demonstrate that the organizations you

 assisted within the last 5 years are sustainable. Additional outcome

 information should be provided on RCDG grants awarded before FY 2013.

 Please describe specific project(s) when addressing a-e of this

 paragraph.

     c. Economic development (maximum score of 10 points). A panel of

 USDA employees will evaluate your demonstrated ability to facilitate:

     1. Establishment of cooperatives or mutually owned businesses;

     2. New cooperative approaches (i.e., organizing cooperatives among

 underserved individuals or communities; an innovative market approach;

 a type of cooperative currently not in your service area; a new

 cooperative structure; novel ways to raise member equity or community

 capitalization; conversion of an existing business to cooperative

 ownership); and

     3. Retention of businesses, generation of employment opportunities

 or other factors, as applicable, that will otherwise improve the

 economic conditions of rural areas.

     You will score higher on this criterion if you provide economic

 statistics showing the impacts of your past development projects no

 later than 5 years old and identify your role in the economic

 development outcomes.

     d. Past performance in establishing legal business entities

 (maximum score of 10 points). A panel of USDA employees will evaluate

 your demonstrated past performance in establishing legal cooperative

 business entities and other legal business entities during January 1,

 2014-December 31, 2016. Provide the name of the organization(s)

 established, the date of formation and your role in assisting with the

 incorporation(s) under this criterion. In addition, documentation

 verifying the establishment of legal business entities must be included

 in Appendix C of your application and will not count against the 40-

 page limit for the narrative. The documentation must include proof that

 organizational documents were filed with the Secretary of State's

 Office (i.e. Certificate of Incorporation or information from the

 State's official Web site naming the entity established and the date of

 establishment); or if the business entity is not required to register

 with the Secretary of State, a certification from the business entity

 that a legal business entity has been established and when. Please note

 that you are not required to submit articles of incorporation to

 receive points under this criterion. You will score higher on this

 criterion if you have established legal cooperative businesses.

     e. Networking and regional focus (maximum score of 10 points). A

 panel of USDA employees will evaluate your demonstrated commitment to:

     1. Networking with other cooperative development centers, and other

 organizations involved in rural economic development efforts, and

     2. Developing multi-organization and multi-state approaches to

 addressing the economic development and cooperative needs of rural

 areas.

     You will score higher on this criterion if you can demonstrate the

 outcomes of your multi-organizational and multi-state approaches.

 Please describe the project(s), partners and the outcome(s) that

 resulted from the approach.

     f. Commitment (maximum score of 10 points). A panel of USDA

 employees will evaluate your commitment to providing technical

 assistance and other services to under-served and



 [[Page 14687]]



 economically distressed areas in rural areas of the United States. You

 will score higher on this criterion if you define and describe the

 underserved and economically distressed areas within your service area,

 provide statistics, and identify projects within or affecting these

 areas, as appropriate.

     g. Matching Funds (maximum score of 10 points). A panel of USDA

 employees will evaluate your commitment for the 25 percent (5 percent

 for 1994 Institutions) matching funds requirement. A chart or table

 should be provided to describe all matching funds being committed to

 the project. However, formal documentation to verify all of the

 matching funds must be included in Appendix A of your application. You

 will be scored on how you identify your matching funds.

     1. If you met the 25 percent (5 percent for 1994 Institutions)

 matching requirement, points will be assigned as follows:

      In-kind only--1 point,

      Mix of in-kind and cash--3-4 points (maximum points will

 be awarded if the ratio of cash to in-kind is 30 percent and above of

 matching funds), or

      Cash only--5 points.

     2. If you exceeded the 25 percent (5 percent for 1994 Institutions)

 matching requirement, points will be assigned as follows:

      In-kind only--2 points,

      Mix of in-kind and cash--6-7 points (maximum points will

 be awarded if the ratio of cash to in-kind is 30 percent and above of

 matching funds), or

      Cash only--10 points.

     h. Work Plan/Budget (maximum score of 10 points). A panel of USDA

 employees will evaluate your work plan for detailed actions and an

 accompanying timetable for implementing the proposal. The budget must

 present a breakdown of the estimated costs associated with cooperative

 and business development activities as well as the operation of the

 Center and allocate these costs to each of the tasks to be undertaken.

 Matching funds as well as grant funds must be accounted for in the

 budget.

     You must discuss at a minimum:

     1. Specific tasks (whether it be by type of service or specific

 project) to be completed using grant and matching funds;

     2. How customers will be identified;

     3. Key personnel; and

     4. The evaluation methods to be used to determine the success of

 specific tasks and overall objectives of Center operations. Please

 provide qualitative methods of evaluation. For example, evaluation

 methods should go beyond quantitative measurements of completing

 surveys or number of evaluations.

     You will score higher on this criterion if you present a clear,

 logical, realistic, and efficient work plan and budget.

     i. Qualifications of those Performing the Tasks (maximum score of

 10 points). A panel of USDA employees will evaluate your application to

 determine if the personnel expected to perform key tasks have a track

 record of:

     1. Positive solutions for complex cooperative development and/or

 marketing problems; or

     2. A successful record of conducting accurate feasibility studies,

 business plans, marketing analysis, or other activities relevant to

 your success as determined by the tasks identified in the work plan;

 and

     3. Whether the personnel expected to perform the tasks are full/

 part-time employees of your organization or are contract personnel.

     You will score higher on this criterion if you demonstrate

 commitment and availability of qualified personnel expected to perform

 the tasks.

     j. Local and Future Support (maximum score of 10 points). A panel

 of USDA employees will evaluate your application for local and future

 support. Support should be discussed directly within the response to

 this criterion.

     1. Discussion on local support should include previous and/or

 expected local support and plans for coordinating with other

 developmental organizations in the proposed service area or with state

 and local government institutions. You will score higher if you

 demonstrate strong support from potential beneficiaries and formal

 evidence of intent to coordinate with other developmental

 organizations. You may also submit a maximum of 10 letters of support

 or intent to coordinate with the application to verify your discussion.

 These letters should be included in Appendix B of your application and

 will not count against the 40-page limit for the narrative.

     2. Discussion on future support will include your vision for

 funding operations in future years. You should document:

     (i) New and existing funding sources that support your goals;

     (ii) Alternative funding sources that reduce reliance on Federal,

 State, and local grants; and

     (iii) The use of in-house personnel for providing services versus

 contracting out for that expertise. Please discuss your strategy for

 building in-house technical assistance capacity.

     You will score higher if you can demonstrate that your future

 support will result in long-term sustainability of the Center.

 2. Review and Selection Process

     The State Offices will review applications to determine if they are

 eligible for assistance based on requirements in 7 CFR part 4284,

 subparts A and F, this Notice, and other applicable Federal

 regulations. If determined eligible, your application will be scored by

 a panel of USDA employees in accordance with the point allocation

 specified in this Notice. A recommendation will be submitted to the

 Administrator to fund applications in highest ranking order.

 Applications that cannot be fully funded may be offered partial funding

 at the Agency's discretion. If your application is evaluated, but not

 funded, it will not be carried forward into the next competition.



 F. Federal Award Administration Information



 1. Federal Award Notices

     If you are selected for funding, you will receive a signed notice

 of Federal award by postal mail from the State Office where your

 application was submitted, containing instructions on requirements

 necessary to proceed with execution and performance of the award.

     If you are not selected for funding, you will be notified in

 writing via postal mail and informed of any review and appeal rights.

 You must comply with all applicable statutes, regulations, and notice

 requirements before the grant award will be approved. There will be no

 available funds for successful appellants once all FY 2017 funds are

 awarded and obligated. See 7 CFR part 11 for USDA National Appeals

 Division procedures.

 2. Administrative and National Policy Requirements

     Additional requirements that apply to grantees selected for this

 program can be found in 7 CFR part 4284, subpart F; the Grants and

 Agreements regulations of the Department of Agriculture codified in 2

 CFR parts 180, 400, 415, 417, 418, 421; 2 CFR parts 25 and 170; and 48

 CFR 31.2, and successor regulations to these parts.

     In addition, all recipients of Federal financial assistance are

 required to report information about first-tier subawards and executive

 compensation (see 2 CFR part 170). You will be required to have the

 necessary processes and systems in place to comply with the



 [[Page 14688]]



 Federal Funding Accountability and Transparency Act of 2006 (Pub. L.

 109-282) reporting requirements (see 2 CFR 170.200(b), unless you are

 exempt under 2 CFR 170.110(b)).

     The following additional requirements apply to grantees selected

 for this program:

      Agency-approved Grant Agreement.

      Letter of Conditions.

      Form RD 1940-1, ``Request for Obligation of Funds.''

      Form RD 1942-46, ``Letter of Intent to Meet Conditions.''

      Form AD-1047, ``Certification Regarding Debarment,

 Suspension, and Other Responsibility Matters-Primary Covered

 Transactions.''

      Form AD-1048, ``Certification Regarding Debarment,

 Suspension, Ineligibility and Voluntary Exclusion-Lower Tier Covered

 Transactions.''

      Form AD-1049, ``Certification Regarding Drug-Free

 Workplace Requirements (Grants).''

      Form RD 400-4, ``Assurance Agreement.''

      SF LLL, ``Disclosure of Lobbying Activities,'' if

 applicable.

      Form AD-3031, ``Assurance Regarding Felony Conviction or

 Tax Delinquent Status for Corporate Applicants.'' Must be signed by

 corporate applicants who receive an award under this Notice.

 3. Reporting

     After grant approval and through grant completion, you will be

 required to provide the following:

     a. A SF-425, ``Federal Financial Report,'' and a project

 performance report will be required on a semiannual basis (due 30

 working days after end of the semiannual period). The project

 performance reports shall include the following: A comparison of actual

 accomplishments to the objectives established for that period;

     b. Reasons why established objectives were not met, if applicable;

     c. Reasons for any problems, delays, or adverse conditions, if any,

 which have affected or will affect attainment of overall project

 objectives, prevent meeting time schedules or objectives, or preclude

 the attainment of particular objectives during established time

 periods. This disclosure shall be accompanied by a statement of the

 action taken or planned to resolve the situation; and

     d. Objectives and timetable established for the next reporting

 period.

     e. Provide a final project and financial status report within 90

 days after the expiration or termination of the grant.

     f. Provide outcome project performance reports and final

 deliverables.



 G. Agency Contacts



     If you have questions about this Notice, please contact the

 appropriate State Office at http://www.rd.usda.gov/contact-us/state-offices.
Program guidance as well as application and matching funds

 templates may be obtained at http://www.rd.usda.gov/programs-services/
rural-cooperative-development-grant-program. If you want to submit an

 electronic application, follow the instructions for the RCDG funding

 announcement located at http://www.grants.gov. You may also contact

 National Office staff: Natalie Melton, RCDG Program Lead,

 natalie.melton@wdc.usda.gov, or call the main line at 202-690-1374.



 H. Nondiscrimination Statement



     In accordance with Federal civil rights law and U.S. Department of

 Agriculture (USDA) civil rights regulations and policies, the USDA, its

 Agencies, offices, and employees, and institutions participating in or

 administering USDA programs are prohibited from discriminating based on

 race, color, national origin, religion, sex, gender identity (including

 gender expression), sexual orientation, disability, age, marital

 status, family/parental status, income derived from a public assistance

 program, political beliefs, or reprisal or retaliation for prior civil

 rights activity, in any program or activity conducted or funded by USDA

 (not all bases apply to all programs). Remedies and complaint filing

 deadlines vary by program or incident.

     Persons with disabilities who require alternative means of

 communication for program information (e.g., Braille, large print,

 audiotape, American Sign Language, etc.) should contact the responsible

 Agency or USDA's TARGET Center at (202) 720-2600 (voice and TTY) or

 contact USDA through the Federal Relay Service at (800) 877-8339.

 Additionally, program information may be made available in languages

 other than English.

     To file a program discrimination complaint, complete the USDA

 Program Discrimination Complaint Form, AD-3027, found online at
http://www.ascr.usda.gov/complaint_filing_cust.html and at any USDA office or

 write a letter addressed to USDA and provide in the letter all of the

 information requested in the form. To request a copy of the complaint

 form, call (866) 632-9992. Submit your completed form or letter to USDA

 by:

     (1) Mail: U.S. Department of Agriculture, Office of the Assistant

 Secretary for Civil Rights, 1400 Independence Avenue SW., Washington,

 DC 20250-9410;

     (2) Fax: (202) 690-7442; or

     (3) Email: program.intake@usda.gov



     Dated: March 15, 2017.

 Mark Brodziski,

 Acting Administrator, Rural Business-Cooperative Service.

 [FR Doc. 2017-05600 Filed 3-21-17; 8:45 am]

  BILLING CODE 3410-XY-P



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: March 23, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2017 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              243 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                               The Times (London)

                            June 18, 1986, Wednesday

Special Report On Investing In The Regions (5): Regional economic development
agencies (313) /SCT

BYLINE: DAVID WALKER

LENGTH: 331 words


Regional policy is multiform. Here is a partial list of government agencies and
departments with a role in assisting economic development in the regions.

English Regional Development Organizations, supported by the Department of Trade
and Industry, local authorities and business to attract industry, especially
from overseas.

English Industrial Estates Corporation, to provide industrial and commercial
premises in parts of England where regional policy encourages business to set up
or relocate. The corporation is obliged to achieve a set rate of return on
lettings.

British Tourist Authority: Can make grants under the 1969 Development of Tourism
Act to encourage visitors to visit places other than London.

Local Enterprise Agencies, to promote industry and commerce with special
reference to small firms. Central government pays a small grant to them
selectively.

Cooperative Development Agency: Receives a grant in aid to promote co-operative
enterprises.

Small Firms Loan Guarantee Scheme: Under the Department of Employment's aegis
guarantees certain loans to small firms.

Employment Transfer Scheme: Helps employers by paying for unemployed people to
move to jobs when they would not otherwise do so.

Development Commission: Promotes the economic and social development of English
rural areas by, for example, building factories and workshops. The commission's
agency for helping small firms, the Council for Small Industries in Rural Areas,
provides a programme of advice and financial assistance.

Northern Ireland Industrial Development Board, a general programme of assistance
to develop business in Ulster. The Local Enterprise Development Unit promotes
small business.

Highlands and Islands Development Board, to assist industry, agriculture,
fisheries and tourists, to build factories and undertake development projects in
the north of Scotland.

Development Board for Rural Wales: Focuses on Mid-Wales to combat depopulation.

LOAD-DATE: April 16, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                    Copyright 1986 Times Newspapers Limited


                              244 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                              The Bismarck Tribune

                             May 6, 1998 Wednesday

LENGTH: 152 words


The U.S. Department of Agriculture's Office of Rural Development has approved a
$330,000 Rural Economic Development Grant to the Oliver-Mercer Electric
Cooperative Inc., located in Hazen. The grant funds will be used to establish
and operate a revolving loan program to foster rural economic development,
targeted primary sector business job creation or job retention. Eligible
projects will include retail businesses and community facilities that
demonstrate an impact on the local economy and critical need. The revolving loan
fund may be used to provide interim or permanent financing for building
construction or renovation, real estate, machinery and equipment and working
capital. The initial loan to be made from the revolving loan fund will be to the
Hazen Memorial Hospital Association, to assist in financing a portion of the
costs to construct a new basic care addition to the existing community hospital.

LOAD-DATE: May 15, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


       Copyright 1998 The Bismarck Tribune, a division of Lee Enterprises
                              All Rights Reserved


                              245 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             May 28, 2015 Thursday

Washington: USDA Seeks Applications for Grants to Help Socially-Disadvantaged
Producers

LENGTH: 455  words

DATELINE: Washington


United States Department of Agriculture, Food safety and Inspection Services has
issued the following news release:

Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack today announced that the U.S. Department of
Agriculture (USDA) is now accepting applications to provide technical assistance
to socially-disadvantaged groups in rural areas.


"These grants will help socially-disadvantaged business owners develop the tools
and skills they need to grow their enterprises and succeed at creating jobs and
expanding economic opportunities in rural areas," Vilsack said. "American
agriculture is becoming increasingly diverse in many ways, with more minorities
and women seeking to enter the field, as well as greater diversity in the age of
farmers, the size of operations, in production methods, and in the types of
crops being grown. All of these forms of diversity help strengthen U.S.
agriculture for the future."


Funding will be made available through USDA's Socially-Disadvantaged Groups
Grant Program (formerly the Small, Socially-Disadvantaged Producer Grant
Program), which assists organizations that provide technical assistance to
socially-disadvantaged groups in rural areas. Examples of technical assistance
are conducting feasibility studies, developing business and strategic plans, and
providing leadership training.


USDA plans to make up to $3 million in grants available. The maximum award under
this notice is $175,000. More information on how to apply can be found on page
28937 of the May 20 Federal Register. Applications submitted by mail must be
postmarked by July 20, 2015. Electronic applications must be submitted at www.
grants.gov no later than midnight Eastern Time July 14, 2015.


Eligible applicants include groups of cooperatives, cooperative development
centers and individual cooperatives that serve socially-disadvantaged groups.
The cooperatives or centers can be located in any area, but the groups assisted
must be located in an eligible rural area. Also, the majority of the governing
body of the organization must be compromised of individuals who are members of
socially-disadvantaged groups.


USDA Rural Development is encouraging applications for projects in census tracts
with poverty rates of 20 percent or higher. All grants are awarded through a
national competition.


President Obama's historic investments in rural America have made our rural
communities stronger. Under his leadership, these investments in housing,
community facilities, businesses and infrastructure have empowered rural America
to continue leading the way - strengthening America's economy, small towns and
rural communities.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: May 29, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              246 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             May 20, 2015 Wednesday

Funding Availability: Applications for Socially-Disadvantaged Groups Grants

LENGTH: 6970  words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON, DC


This Notice document was issued by the Rural Business Cooperative Service (RBS)

Action

Notice.
Summary

The Rural Business-Cooperative Service announces the availability of $3,000,000
in competitive grant funds for the FY 2015 Socially-Disadvantaged Groups Grant
(SDGG) program, formerly known as the Small Socially-Disadvantaged Producer
Grant program, as authorized by the Consolidated and Further Continuing
Appropriations Act, 2015 (Pub. L. 113-235). We are requesting proposals from
applicants who will provide technical assistance to socially-disadvantaged
groups in rural areas. The Agency is encouraging applications that direct grants
to projects based in or serving census tracts with poverty rates greater than or
equal to 20 percent. This emphasis will support Rural Development's (RD) mission
of improving the quality of life for rural Americans and commitment to directing
resources to those who most need them. Eligible applicants include Cooperatives,
Groups of Cooperatives, and Cooperative Development Centers.
Dates

Completed applications for grants must be submitted on paper or electronically
according to the following deadlines:

Paper copies must be postmarked and mailed, shipped, or sent overnight no later
than July 20, 2015. You may also hand carry your application to one of our field
offices, but it must be received by close of business on the deadline date.

Electronic copies must be received by http://www.grants.gov no later than
midnight Eastern time July 14, 2015. Late applications are not eligible for
funding under this Notice and will not be evaluated.
Addresses

You should contact the USDA Rural Development State Office (State Office)
located in the State where you are headquartered if you have questions. Contact
information for State Offices can be found at:
http://www.rd.usda.gov/contact-us/state-offices. You are encouraged to contact
your State Office well in advance of the application deadline to discuss your
project and ask any questions about the application process. Program guidance as
well as application templates may be obtained at
http://www.rurdev.usda.gov/BCP_SDGG.html or by contacting your USDA Rural
Development State Office.

If you want to submit an electronic application, follow the instructions for the
SDGG funding announcement located at http://www.grants.gov. Please review the
Grants.gov Web site at http://grants.
gov/applicants/organization_registration.jsp for instructions on the process of
registering your organization as soon as possible to ensure you are able to meet
the electronic application deadline. You are strongly encouraged to file your
application early and allow sufficient time to manage any technical issues that
may arise. If you want to submit a paper application, send it to the State
Office located in the State where you are headquartered. If you are
headquartered in Washington, DC, please contact the Grants Division, Cooperative
Programs, Rural Business-Cooperative Service, at (202) 690-1376 for guidance on
where to submit your application.
For Further Information Contact

Grants Division, Cooperative Programs, Rural Business-Cooperative Service,
United States Department of Agriculture, 1400 Independence Avenue SW., MS 3253,
Room 4208-South, Washington, DC 20250-3250, or call 202-690-1376.
Supplementary Information
Overview

Federal Agency Name: USDA Rural Business Cooperative Service.

Funding Opportunity Title: Socially-Disadvantaged Groups Grant.

Announcement Type: Initial funding request.

Catalog of Federal Domestic Assistance Number: 10.871.

Dates: Application Deadline. You must submit your complete application by July
20, 2015, or it will not be considered for funding. Electronic applications must
be received by http://www.grants.gov no later than midnight Eastern Time July
14, 2015, or it will not be considered for funding.
Paperwork Reduction Act

In accordance with the Paperwork Reduction Act, the paperwork burden associated
with this Notice has been approved by the Office of Management and Budget (OMB)
under OMB Control Number 0570-0052.
A. Program Description

The SDGG Program is authorized by 310B (e)(11) of the Consolidated Farm and
Rural Development Act (7 U.S.C. 1932 (e)(11)). The primary objective of the SDGG
program is to provide Technical Assistance to Socially-Disadvantaged Groups.
Grants are available for Cooperative Development Centers, individual
Cooperatives, or Groups of Cooperatives that serve Socially-Disadvantaged Groups
and where a majority of the boards of directors or governing board is comprised
of individuals who are members of Socially-Disadvantaged Groups.
Definitions

The definitions you need to understand are as follows:

Agency--Rural Business-Cooperative Service, an agency of the United States
Department of Agriculture (USDA) Rural Development or a successor agency.

Conflict of Interest--A situation in which a person or entity has competing
personal, professional, or financial interests that make it difficult for the
person or business to act impartially. Federal procurement standards prohibit
transactions that involve a real or apparent conflict of interest for owners,
employees, officers, agents, or their immediate family members having a
financial or other interest in the outcome of the project; or that restrict open
and free competition for unrestrained trade. Specifically, project funds may not
be used for services or goods going to, or coming from, a person or entity with
a real or apparent conflict of interest, including, but not limited to, owner(s)
and their immediate family members. Examples of conflicts of interest include
using grant funds to pay a member of the applicant's board of directors to
provide proposed technical assistance to socially-disadvantaged groups; pay a
cooperative member to provide proposed technical assistance to other members of
the same cooperative; and pay an immediate family member of the applicant to
provide proposed technical assistance to socially-disadvantaged groups.

Cooperative--A business or organization owned by and operated for the benefit of
those using its services and where a majority of the board of directors or
governing board is comprised of individuals who are members of
Socially-Disadvantaged Groups. Profits and earnings generated by the cooperative
are distributed among the members, also known as user-owners.

Cooperative Development Center--A nonprofit corporation or institution of higher
education operated by the grantee for cooperative or business development and
where a majority of the board of directors or governing board is comprised of
individuals who are members of Socially-DisadvantagedGroups. It may or may not
be an independent legal entity separate from the grantee. The Center's main
objective is to provide Technical Assistance to existing Cooperatives and to
groups that want to form Cooperatives.

Feasibility Study--An analysis of the economic, market, technical, financial,
and management feasibility of a proposed Project.

Group of Cooperatives--A group of Cooperatives whose primary focus is to provide
assistance to Socially-Disadvantaged Groups and where a majority of the board of
directors or governing board is comprised of individuals who are members of
Socially-Disadvantaged Groups.

Operating Cost--The day-to-day expenses of running a business; for example:
utilities, rent on the office space a business occupies, salaries, depreciation,
marketing and advertising, and other basic overhead items.

Participant Support Costs-- Direct costs for items such as stipends or
subsistence allowances, travel allowances, and registration fees paid to or on
behalf of participants or trainees (but not employees) in connection with
conferences, or training projects.

Project--Includes all activities to be funded by the Socially-Disadvantaged
Groups Grant.

Rural and Rural Area--Any area of a State:

(1) Not in a city or town that has a population of more than 50,000 inhabitants,
according to the latest decennial census of the United States; and

(2) The contiguous and adjacent urbanized area,

(3) Urbanized areas that are rural in character as defined by 7 U.S.C. 1991 (a)
(13).

(4) For the purposes of this definition, cities and towns are incorporated
population centers with definite boundaries, local self-government, and legal
powers set forth in a charter granted by the State. Notwithstanding any other
provision of this paragraph, within the areas of the County of Honolulu, Hawaii,
and the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico, the Secretary may designate any part of the
areas as a rural area if the Secretary determines that the part is not urban in
character, other than any area included in the Honolulu census designated place
(CDP) or the San Juan CDP.

Rural Development--A mission area within USDA consisting of the Office of Under
Secretary for Rural Development, Rural Business-Cooperative Services, Rural
Housing Service, and Rural Utilities Service and any successors.

Socially-Disadvantaged Group--A group whose members have been subjected to
racial, ethnic, or gender prejudice because of their identity as members of a
group without regard to their individual qualities.

State--Includes each of the 50 states, the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico, the
Virgin Islands of the United States, Guam, American Samoa, the Commonwealth of
the Northern Mariana Islands, and, as may be determined by the Secretary to be
feasible, appropriate and lawful, the Federated States of Micronesia, the
Republic of the Marshall Islands and the Republic of Palau.

Technical Assistance--An advisory service performed for the benefit of a
Socially-Disadvantaged Group such as market research, product and/or service
improvement, legal advice and assistance, Feasibility Study, business plan,
marketing plan development, and training.
B. Federal Award Information

Type of Award: Competitive Grant.

Fiscal Year Funds: FY 2015.

Total Funding:$3,000,000.

Maximum Award:$175,000.

Project Period: 1 year.

Anticipated Award Date: September 30, 2015.
C. Eligibility Information

Applicants must meet all of the following eligibility requirements. Applications
which fail to meet any of these requirements by the application deadline will be
deemed ineligible and will not be evaluated further.

1. Eligible Applicants. Grants may be made to individual Cooperatives, Groups of
Cooperatives, and Cooperative Development Centers that serve socially
disadvantaged groups and where a majority of the board of directors or governing
board is comprised of individuals who are members of Socially-Disadvantaged
Groups. Federally-recognized Tribes and tribal entities must demonstrate that
they meet all definition requirements for one of the three eligible applicant
types. You must be able to verify your legal structure in the State in which you
are incorporated. Grants may not be made to public bodies or to individuals.

(a) An applicant is ineligible if they have been debarred or suspended or
otherwise excluded from or ineligible for participation in Federal assistance
programs under Executive Order 12549, "Debarment and Suspension." In addition,
an applicant will be considered ineligible for a grant due to an outstanding
judgment obtained by the U.S. in a Federal Court (other than U.S. Tax Court), is
delinquent on the payment of Federal income taxes, or is delinquent on Federal
debt.

(b) Any corporation (i) that has been convicted of a felony criminal violation
under any Federal law within the past 24 months or (ii) that has any unpaid
Federal tax liability that has been assessed, for which all judicial and
administrative remedies have been exhausted or have lapsed, and that is not
being paid in a timely manner pursuant to an agreement with the authority
responsible for collecting the tax liability, is not eligible for financial
assistance provided with funds appropriated by the Consolidated and Further
Continuing Appropriations Act, 2015, unless a Federal agency has considered
suspension or debarment of the corporation and has made a determination that
this further action is not necessary to protect the interests of the Government.

2. Cost Sharing or Matching. No matching funds are required.

3. Other Eligibility Requirements.

Use of Funds: Your application must propose Technical Assistance that will
benefit Socially-Disadvantaged Groups. Please review section D (6) of this
Notice, "Funding Restrictions," carefully.

Project Area Eligibility: The proposed Project must take place in a Rural Area
as defined in this Notice.

Grant Period Eligibility: If awarded, grant funds must be used within 12 months.
Applications must have a time frame of one year or less. Your proposed time
frame should begin no earlier than the grant award date and end no later than
December 31, 2016. However, you should note that the anticipated award date is
September 30, so your proposed start date should be after September 30, 2015.
Projects must be completed within the 12-month time frame. The Agency may
approve requests to extend the grant period for up to an additional 12 months at
its discretion. Further guidance on grant period extensions will be provided in
the award document.

However, you may not have more than one active SDGG during the same grant
period. If you receive another SDGG during the next grant cycle, the first grant
must be closed before funds can be obligated for the new grant. Applications
that request funds for a time period ending after December 31, 2016, will not be
considered for funding.

If you have an existing Small Socially-Disadvantaged Producer Grant award, you
must be performing satisfactorily to be considered eligible for a new SDGG
award. Satisfactory performanceincludes being up-to-date on all financial and
performance reports and being current on all tasks as approved in the work plan.
The Agency will use its discretion to make this determination.

Completeness Eligibility: Your application must provide all of the information
requested in Section D (2) of this Notice. Applications lacking sufficient
information to determine eligibility and scoring will be considered ineligible.

Multiple Grant Eligibility: You may only submit one SDGG grant application each
funding cycle.
D. Application and Submission Information
1. Address To Request Application Package

The application template for applying on paper for this funding opportunity is
located at http://www.rurdev.usda.gov/BCP_SDGG.html. Use of the application
template is strongly recommended to assist you with the application process. You
may also contact your USDA Rural Development State Office for more information.
Contact information for State Offices is located at
http://www.rd.usda.gov/contact-us/state-offices. You may also obtain an
application package by calling 202-690-1376.
2. Content and Form of Application Submission

You may submit your application in paper form or electronically through Grants.
gov. Your application must contain all required information.

To submit an application electronically, you must follow the instructions for
this funding announcement at http://www.grants.gov. Please note that we cannot
accept emailed or faxed applications.

You can locate the Grants.gov downloadable application package for this program
by using a keyword, the program name, or the Catalog of Federal Domestic
Assistance Number for this program.

When you enter the Grants.gov Web site, you will find information about
submitting an application electronically through the site, as well as the hours
of operation.

To use Grants.gov, you must already have a DUNS number and you must also be
registered and maintain registration in SAM. We strongly recommend that you do
not wait until the application deadline date to begin the application process
through Grants.gov.

You must submit all of your application documents electronically through Grants.
gov. Applications must include electronic signatures. Original signatures may be
required if funds are awarded.

After electronically submitting an application through Grants.gov, you will
receive an automatic acknowledgement from Grants.gov that contains a Grants.gov
tracking number.

If you want to submit a paper application, send it to the State Office located
in the State where you are headquartered. You can find State Office contact
information at: http://www.rd.usda.gov/contact-us/state-offices.

Your application must also contain the following required forms and proposal
elements:

a. Form SF-424, "Application for Federal Assistance," to include your DUNS
number and SAM Commercial and Government Entity (CAGE) code and expiration date.
Because there are no specific fields for a CAGE code and expiration date, you
may identify them anywhere you want to on the form. If you do not include the
CAGE code and expiration date and the DUNS number in your application, it will
not be considered for funding.

b. Form SF-424A, "Budget Information-Non-Construction Programs." This form must
be completed and submitted as part of the application package.

c. Form SF-424B, "Assurances--Non-Construction Programs." This form must be
completed, signed, and submitted as part of the application package.

d. Form AD-3030, "Representations Regarding Felony Conviction and Tax Delinquent
Status for Corporate Applicants," if you are a corporation. A corporation is any
entity that has filed articles of incorporation in one of the 50 States, the
District of Columbia, the Federated States of Micronesia, the Republic of Palau,
and the Republic of the Marshall Islands, or the various territories of the
United States including American Samoa, Guam, Midway Islands, the Commonwealth
of the Northern Mariana Islands, Puerto Rico, or the U.S. Virgin Islands.
Corporations include both for profit and non-profit entities.

e. You must certify that there are no current outstanding Federal judgments
against your property and that you will not use grant funds to pay for any
judgment obtained by the United States. To satisfy the Certification
requirement, you should include this statement in your application: "[INSERT
NAME OF APPLICANT] certifies that the United States has not obtained an
unsatisfied judgment against its property and will not use grant funds to pay
any judgments obtained by the United States." A separate signature is not
required.

f. Table of Contents. Your application must contain a detailed Table of Contents
(TOC). The TOC must include page numbers for each part of the application. Page
numbers should begin immediately following the TOC.

g. Executive Summary. A summary of the proposal, not to exceed one page, must
briefly describe the Project, tasks to be completed, and other relevant
information that provides a general overview of the Project.

h. Eligibility Discussion. A detailed discussion, not to exceed four pages, must
describe how you meet the following requirements:

(i) Applicant Eligibility. You must describe how you meet the definition of a
Cooperative, Group of Cooperatives, or Cooperative Development Center. Your
application must show that your individual Cooperative, Group of Cooperatives or
Cooperative Development Center serves socially disadvantaged groups and a
majority of the board of directors or governing board is comprised of
individuals who are members of Socially-Disadvantaged Groups. Your application
must include a list of your board of directors/governing board and the
percentage of board of directors/governing board that are members of
Socially-Disadvantaged Groups. NOTE: Your application will not be considered for
funding if you fail to show that a majority of your board of directors/governing
board is comprised of individuals who are members of Socially-Disadvantaged
Groups.

If applying as a Cooperative or a Group of Cooperatives, you must verify your
incorporation and status in the State that you have applied by providing the
State's Certificate of Good Standing and your Articles of Incorporation. If
applying as a nonprofit corporation, you must provide evidence of your status as
a nonprofit corporation in good standing and your Articles of Incorporation. If
applying as an institution of higher education, you must qualify as an
Institution of Higher Education as defined at 20 U.S.C. 1001. You must apply as
only one type of applicant. If the requested verification documents are not
included, your application will not be considered for funding.

(ii) Use of Funds. You must provide a detailed discussion on how the proposed
Project activities meet the definition of Technical Assistance and identify the
socially-disadvantaged groups that will be assisted.

(iii) Project Area. You must provide specific information that details
thelocation of the Project area and explain how the area meets the definition of
"Rural Area."

(iv) Grant Period. You must provide a time frame for the proposed Project and
discuss how the Project will be completed within that time frame. You must have
a time frame of one year or less.

i. Scoring Criteria. Each of the scoring criteria in this Notice must be
addressed in narrative form, with a maximum of two pages for each individual
scoring criterion, unless otherwise specified. Failure to address each scoring
criteria will result in the application being determined ineligible.

j. The Agency has established annual performance evaluation measures to evaluate
the SDGG program. You must provide estimates on the following performance
evaluation measures as part of your narrative:

Number of businesses assisted;
    Number of cooperatives assisted; and
    Number of socially disadvantaged groups assisted.

3. DUNS Number and SAM

In order to be eligible (unless you are excepted under 2 CFR 25.110(b), (c) or
(d), you are required to:

(a) Provide a valid DUNS number in your application, which can be obtained at no
cost via a toll-free request line at (866) 705-5711;

(b) Register in SAM before submitting your application. You may register in SAM
at no cost at https://www.sam.gov/portal/public/SAM/; and

(c) Continue to maintain an active SAM registration with current information at
all times during which you have an active Federal award or an application or
plan under consideration by a Federal awarding agency.

The Agency may not make a Federal award to you until you have complied with all
applicable DUNS and SAM requirements. If you have not fully complied with
requirements by the time the Agency is ready to make a Federal award, the Agency
may determine that the applicant is not qualified to receive a Federal award and
the Agency may use this determination as a basis for making an award to another
applicant.
4. Submission Dates and Times

Application Deadline Date: July 20, 2015.

Explanation of Deadlines: Paper applications must be postmarked and mailed,
shipped, or sent overnight by July 20, 2015. The Agency will determine whether
your application is late based on the date shown on the postmark or shipping
invoice. You may also hand carry your application to one of our field offices,
but it must be received by close of business on the deadline date. If the due
date falls on a Saturday, Sunday, or Federal holiday, the reporting package is
due the next business day. Late applications are not eligible for funding and
will not be evaluated further.

Electronic applications must be RECEIVED by http://www.grants.gov by midnight
Eastern time July 14, 2015, to be eligible for funding. Please review the
Grants.gov Web site at http://grants.
gov/applicants/organization_registration.jsp for instructions on the process of
registering your organization as soon as possible to ensure you are able to meet
the electronic application deadline. Grants.gov will not accept applications
submitted after the deadline.
5. Intergovernmental Review

Executive Order (EO) 12372, Intergovernmental Review of Federal Programs,
applies to this program. This EO requires that Federal agencies provide
opportunities for consultation on proposed assistance with State and local
governments. Many States have established a Single Point of Contact (SPOC) to
facilitate this consultation. A list of States that maintain a SPOC may be
obtained at http://www.whitehouse.gov/omb/grants_spoc. If your State has a SPOC,
you may submit your application directly for review. Any comments obtained
through the SPOC must be provided to Rural Development for consideration as part
of your application. If your State has not established a SPOC or you do not want
to submit your application to the SPOC, Rural Development will submit your
application to the SPOC or other appropriate agency or agencies.

You are also encouraged to contact Cooperative Programs at 202-690-1376 or
cpgrants@wdc.usda.gov if you have questions about this process.
6. Funding Restrictions

Grant funds must be used for Technical Assistance. No funds made available under
this solicitation shall be used to:

a. Plan, repair, rehabilitate, acquire, or construct a building or facility,
including a processing facility;

b. Purchase, rent, or install fixed equipment, including processing equipment;

c. Purchase vehicles, including boats;

d. Pay for the preparation of the grant application;

e. Pay expenses not directly related to the funded Project;

f. Fund political or lobbying activities;

g. To fund any activities considered unallowable by the applicable grant cost
principles, including 2 CFR part 200, subpart E and the Federal Acquisition
Regulation.

h. Fund architectural or engineering design work for a specific physical
facility;

i. Fund any direct expenses for the production of any commodity or product to
which value will be added, including seed, rootstock, labor for harvesting the
crop, and delivery of the commodity to a processing facility;

j. Fund research and development;

k. Purchase land;

l. Duplicate current activities or activities paid for by other funded grant
programs.

m. Pay costs of the Project incurred prior to the date of grant approval;

n. Pay for assistance to any private business enterprise that does not have at
least 51 percent ownership by those who are either citizens of the United States
or reside in the United States after being legally admitted for permanent
residence;

o. Pay any judgment or debt owed to the United States;

p. Pay any Operating Costs of the Cooperative, Group of Cooperatives, or
Cooperative Development Center not directly related to the Project;

q. Pay expenses for applicant employee training; or

r. Pay for any goods or services from a person who has a Conflict of Interest
with the grantee.

In addition, your application will not be considered for funding if it does any
of the following:

Requests more than the maximum grant amount;
    Proposes ineligible costs that equal more than 10 percent of total grant
funds requested; or
    Proposes Participant Support Costs that equal more than 10 percent of total
grant funds requested.

We will consider your application for funding if it includes ineligible costs of
10 percent or less of total grant funds requested, as long as it is determined
eligible otherwise. However, if your application is successful, those ineligible
costs must be removed and replaced with eligible costs before the Agency will
make the grant award or the amount of the grant award will be reduced
accordingly. If we cannot determine the percentage of ineligible costs, your
application will not be considered for funding.
7. Other Submission Requirements

(a) You should not submit your application in more than one format. You must
choose whether to submityour application in hard copy or electronically.
Applications submitted in hard copy should be mailed or hand-delivered to the
State Office located in the State where you are headquartered. You can find
State Office contact information at:
http://www.rd.usda.gov/contact-us/state-offices.your State Office. To submit an
application electronically, you must follow the instructions for this funding
announcement at http://www.grants.gov. A password is not required to access the
Web site.

(b) National Environmental Policy Act. This NOFA has been reviewed in accordance
with 7 CFR part 1940, subpart G, "Environmental Program." We have determined
that an Environmental Impact Statement is not required because the issuance of
regulations and instructions, as well as amendments to them, describing
administrative and financial procedures for processing, approving, and
implementing the Agency's financial programs is categorically excluded in the
Agency's National Environmental Policy Act (NEPA) regulation found at 7 CFR
1940.310(e)(3) of subpart G, "Environmental Program." We have determined that
this NOFA does not constitute a major Federal action significantly affecting the
quality of the human environment. Individual awards under this NOFA are hereby
classified as Categorical Exclusions according to 7 CFR 1940.310(e), the award
of financial assistance for planning purposes, management and feasibility
studies, or environmental impact analyses, which do not require any additional
documentation.

(c) Civil Rights Compliance Requirements. All grants made under this Notice are
subject to Title VI of the Civil Rights Act of 1964 as required by the USDA (7
CFR part 15, subpart A) and Section 504 of the Rehabilitation Act of 1973.
E. Application Review Information
1. Scoring Criteria

All eligible and complete applications will be evaluated based on the following
criteria. Failure to address any one of the following criteria by the
application deadline will result in the application being determined ineligible
and the application will not be considered for funding. Evaluators will base
scores only on the information provided or cross-referenced by page number in
each individual scoring criterion. The total points possible for the criteria
are 60.

I. Technical Assistance (maximum score of 15 points). A panel of USDA employees
will evaluate your application to determine your ability to assess the needs of
Socially-Disadvantaged Groups. You must explain why the proposed Technical
Assistance is needed and provide a detailed plan that describes your method of
providing assistance. You must also identify the expected outcomes of the
proposed Technical Assistance.

Higher points are awarded if you identify specific needs of the
Socially-Disadvantaged Groups to be assisted; clearly explain a logical and
detailed plan of assistance for addressing those needs; and discuss realistic
outcomes of planned assistance.

II. Experience (maximum score of 15 points). A panel of USDA employees will
evaluate your length of experience for identified staff or consultants in
providing Technical Assistance, as defined in this Notice. You must describe the
specific type of Technical Assistance experience for each identified staff
member or consultant, as well as years of experience in providing that
assistance. In addition, resumes for each individual staff member or consultant
must be included as an attachment, listing their experience for the type of
Technical Assistance proposed. The attachments will not count toward the maximum
page total. We will compare the described experience to the work plan to
determine relevance of the experience. Applications that do not include the
attached resumes will not be considered for funding.

Higher points will be awarded if a majority of identified staff or consultants
demonstrate 5 or more years of experience in providing relevant Technical
Assistance in accordance with the work plan. Maximum points will be awarded if
all of the identified staff or consultants demonstrate 5 or more years of
experience in providing relevant Technical Assistance.

III. Commitment (maximum of 10 points). A panel of USDA employees will evaluate
your commitment to providing Technical Assistance to Socially-Disadvantaged
Groups in Rural Areas. You must list the number and location of
Socially-Disadvantaged Groups that will directly benefit from the assistance
provided. If you define and describe the underserved and economically distressed
areas within your service area and provide current and relevant statistics that
support your description of the service area, you will score higher on this
factor.

IV. Work Plan/Budget (maximum of 15 points)--Four page limit. Your work plan
must provide specific and detailed descriptions of the tasks and the key project
personnel that will accomplish the project's goals. Budget will be reviewed for
completeness. You must list what tasks are to be done, when it will be done, who
will do it, and how much it will cost. Reviewers must be able to understand what
is being proposed and how the grant funds will be spent. The budget must be a
detailed breakdown of estimated costs. These costs should be allocated to each
of the tasks to be undertaken. The amount of grant funds requested will be
reduced if the applicant does not have justification for all costs.

A panel of USDA employees will evaluate your work plan for detailed actions and
an accompanying timetable for implementing the proposal. Clear, logical,
realistic, and efficient plans will result in a higher score. You must discuss
at a minimum:

a. Specific tasks to be completed using grant funds;

b. How customers will be identified;

c. Key personnel; and

d. The evaluation methods to be used to determine the success of specific tasks
and overall project objectives. Please provide qualitative methods of
evaluation. For example, evaluation methods should go beyond quantitative
measurements of completing surveys or number of evaluations.

V. Local support (maximum of 5 points). A panel of USDA employees will evaluate
your application for local support of the Technical Assistance activities.
Applicants that demonstrate strong support from potential beneficiaries and
other developmental organizations will receive more points than those not
showing such support.

(i) 0 points are awarded if you do not address this criterion.

(ii) 1 point is awarded if you provide 2-3 support letters that show support
from potential beneficiaries and/or support from local organizations.

(iii) 2 points are awarded if you provide 4-5 support letters that show support
from potential beneficiaries and/or support from local organizations.

(iv) 3 points are awarded if you provide 6-7 support letters that show support
from potential beneficiaries and/or support from local organizations.

(v) 4 points are awarded if you provide 8-9 support letters that show support
from potential beneficiaries and/or support from local organizations.

(vi) 5 points are awarded if you provide 10 support letters that show support
from potential beneficiaries and/or support from local organizations.

You may submit a maximum of 10 letters of support. Support letters should come
from potential beneficiaries andother local organizations. Letters received from
Technical Assistance providers and Congressional members will not be included in
the count of support letters received. Support letters should be included as an
attachment to the application and will not count against the maximum page total.
Additional letters from industry groups, commodity groups, Congressional
members, and similar organizations should be referenced, but not included in the
application package. When referencing these letters, provide the name of the
organization, date of the letter, the nature of the support, and the name and
title of the person signing the letter.
2. Review and Selection Process

The State Offices will review applications to determine if they are eligible for
assistance based on requirements in this Notice, and other applicable Federal
regulations. If determined eligible, your application will be scored by a panel
of USDA employees in accordance with the point allocation specified in this
Notice. The panel will consist of USDA employees with expertise in providing
Technical Assistance to Socially-Disadvantaged Groups. The review panel will
convene to reach a consensus on the scores for each of the eligible
applications. A recommendation will be submitted to the Administrator to fund
applications in highest ranking order. Applications that cannot be fully funded
may be offered partial funding at the Agency's discretion. If your application
is ranked and not funded, it will not be carried forward into the next
competition.
F. Federal Award Administration Information
1. Federal Award Notices

If you are selected for funding, you will receive a signed notice of Federal
award by postal mail, containing instructions on requirements necessary to
proceed with execution and performance of the award.

If you are not selected for funding, you will be notified in writing via postal
mail and informed of any review and appeal rights. Funding of successfully
appealed applications will be limited to available FY 2015 funding.
2. Administrative and National Policy Requirements

Additional requirements that apply to grantees selected for this program can be
found in 7 CFR part 4284, subpart A, and 2 CFR parts 200, 215, 400, 415, 417,
418, and 421. All recipients of Federal financial assistance are required to
report information about first-tier subawards and executive compensation (See 2
CFR part 170). You will be required to have the necessary processes and systems
in place to comply with the Federal Funding Accountability and Transparency Act
reporting requirements (See 2 CFR 170.200(b), unless you are exempt under 2 CFR
170.110(b)). These regulations may be obtained at
http://www.gpoaccess.gov/cfr/index.html.

The following additional requirements apply to grantees selected for this
program:

Agency approved Grant Agreement.
    Letter of Conditions.
    Form RD 1940-1, "Request for Obligation of Funds."
    Form RD 1942-46, "Letter of Intent to Meet Conditions."
    Form AD-1047, "Certification Regarding Debarment, Suspension, and Other
Responsibility Matters-Primary Covered Transactions."
    Form AD-1048, "Certification Regarding Debarment, Suspension, Ineligibility
and Voluntary Exclusion-Lower Tier Covered Transactions."
    Form AD-1049, "Certification Regarding a Drug-Free Workplace Requirement (
Grants)."
    Form AD-3031, "Assurance Regarding Felony Conviction or Tax Delinquent
Status for Corporate Applicants." Must be signed by corporate applicants who
receive an award under this Notice.
    Form RD 400-4, "Assurance Agreement."
    SF LLL, "Disclosure of Lobbying Activities," if applicable.

3. Reporting

After grant approval and through grant completion, you will be required to
provide the following:

a. A SF-425, "Federal Financial Report," and a project performance report will
be required on a semiannual basis (due 30 working days after end of the
semiannual period). For the purposes of this grant, semiannual periods end on
March 31st and September 30th. The project performance reports shall include the
following: A comparison of actual accomplishments to the objectives established
for that period;

b. Reasons why established objectives were not met, if applicable;

c. Reasons for any problems, delays, or adverse conditions, if any, which have
affected or will affect attainment of overall project objectives, prevent
meeting time schedules or objectives, or preclude the attainment of particular
objectives during established time periods. This disclosure shall be accompanied
by a statement of the action taken or planned to resolve the situation; and

d. Objectives and timetable established for the next reporting period.

e. Provide a final project and financial status report within 90 days after the
expiration or termination of the grant.

f. Provide outcome project performance reports and final deliverables.
G. Agency Contacts

For general questions about this announcement and for program Technical
Assistance, please contact the appropriate State Office as indicated in
theADDRESSESsection of this Notice. You may also contact National Office staff:
Melinda Martin, SDGG Program Lead, Melinda.C.Martin@wdc.usda.gov, or call
202-690-1376.
H. Other Information
Non Discrimination Statement

USDA prohibits discrimination against its customers, employees, and applicants
for employment on the bases of race, color, national origin, age, disability,
sex, gender identify, religion, reprisal, and where applicable, political
beliefs, marital status, familial or parental status, sexual orientation, or all
or part of an individual's income is derived from any public assistance program,
or protected genetic information in employment or in any program or activity
conducted or funded by the Department. (Not all prohibited bases will apply to
all programs and/or employment activities.)
To File a Program Complaint

If you wish to file a Civil Rights program complaint of discrimination, complete
the USDA Program Discrimination Complaint Form (PDF), found online at
http://www.ascr.usda.gov/complain_filing_cust.html, or at any USDA office, or
call (866) 632-9992 to request the form. You may also write a letter containing
all of the information requested in the form. Send your completed complaint form
or letter to us by mail at U.S. Department of Agriculture, Director, Office of
Adjudication, 1400 Independence Avenue SW., Washington, DC 20250-9410, by fax
(202) 690-7442 or email at program.intake@usda.gov
Persons With Disabilities

Individuals who are deaf, hard of hearing or have speech disabilities and who
wish to file either an EEO or program complaint, please contact USDA through the
Federal RelayService at (800) 877-8339 or (800) 845-6136 (in Spanish).

Persons with disabilities, who wish to file a program complaint, please see
information above on how to contact us by mail directly or by email. If you
require alternative means of communication for program information (e.g.,
Braille, large print, audiotape, etc.), please contact USDA's TARGET Center at
(202) 720-2600 (voice and TDD).
Dated: May 14, 2015.
Lillian Salerno,
Administrator, Rural Business-Cooperative Service.
[FR Doc. 2015-12225 Filed 5-19-15; 8:45 am]
BILLING CODE 3410-XY-P

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: May 21, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              247 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                   West Central Tribune (Willmar, Minnesota)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             August 3, 2010 Tuesday

Access to broadband a step closer for residents of rural area

BYLINE: Tom Cherveny, West Central Tribune, Willmar, Minn.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 691 words


Aug. 03--APPLETON -- Folks living outside of Appleton are on the verge of being
able to do what their neighbors living outside of smaller towns like Cerro Gordo
or Chokio already take for granted.

They will be able to replace the scratch, screech and pings of dial-up Internet
access with instant broadband access.

"Broadband levels the playing field for rural Minnesota,'' said Colleen
Landkamer, state director of the United States Department of Agriculture Ru-ral
Development. "It allows people living in rural Minnesota to compete globally.''

Landkamer spoke at a ceremony Monday in Appleton to an-nounce a $1.3 million
grant of Recovery Act funds awarded by USDA Rural Development to the Federated
Telephone Cooperative.

Federated Telephone and Farmers Mutual Telephone cooperatives provide
telecommunication services to large portions of the rural areas in Swift, Lac
qui Parle, Chippewa, Stevens, Traverse and Pope counties.

The cooperatives provide fiber-based broadband service in virtually all of their
service territories.

But there is a doughnut-like area of roughly 77 square miles around the city of
Appleton where a low population density has made it uneconomical to lay the
fiber for a terrestrial broadband network, according to Kevin Beyer, general
manager for the two cooperatives.

The grant will make it possible to install 108 miles of underground fiber cable
to serve the 152 residences and seven businesses located in the area, and
provide broadband service at rates comparable to what other rural residences
served by the cooperatives enjoy, explained Beyer.

The cooperatives' rural patrons in places like Cerro Gordo and Chokio have
proven to be very enthusiastic adapters of broadband technology, for reasons
that have everything to do with their rural addresses.

Beyer said rural people often connect to broadband services for economic reasons
first of all. Farmers rely on broadband access for everything from marketing to
link-ups to precision farming technology.

Rural families with school-age children often are quick to adopt broadband to
allow their young students access to educational platforms.

Federated also serves a number of rural residents who use broadband to
"telecommute'' to their jobs many miles away, said Beyer.

And like everyone else, rural patrons enjoy the opportunity to access news,
entertainment, gaming and other services available on the Web. Beyer noted that
Federated's existing system has just reached the point where about 50 percent of
the gigabytes flowing on the system are for entertainment uses.

But work comes first in the countryside, and that is the very reason that rural
resident Ken DeBuhr is looking forward to connecting his home to Federated's
broadband service. DeBuhr is part of the agronomy team at the Western
Consolidated Cooperative in Holloway, which serves farmers in a large swath of
western Minnesota and part of eastern South Dakota.

DeBuhr said he relies on the broadband connection at the company's office for
much of the work he does.

Having that same service at home will allow him to perform some of his work
there, no small matter in today's agricultural economy. Markets change over
night, and having access 24/7 is becoming increasingly important, he noted.

DeBuhr said it has also been frustrating to be accustomed to the speed and
access that his broadband connection at the office offers, and then to come home
and step back to low-speed and consequently limited service.

"When you're without it (broadband), you really feel like you're missing
something. And you are,'' he said.

Beyer said Federated Telephone Cooperative intends to begin installing the
system to the area around Appleton early next spring.

To see more of the West Central Tribune, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.wctrib.com. Copyright (c) 2010, West Central Tribune, Willmar, Minn.
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For more information
about the content services offered by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services
(MCT), visit www.mctinfoservices.com, e-mail services@mctinfoservices.com, or
call 866-280-5210 (outside the United States, call +1 312-222-4544).

LOAD-DATE: August 3, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20100803-YM-Access-to-broadband-a-step-closer-for-residents-of-rural
-area-20100803

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: YM


                      Copyright 2010 West Central Tribune


                              248 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                              May 26, 2015 Tuesday

Arizona: USDA Seeks Applications for Grants to Help Socially-Disadvantaged
Producers

LENGTH: 649  words

DATELINE: Phoenix


State of Arizona has issued the following news release:

WASHINGTON, May 26, 2015 - Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack today announced
that the U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA) is now accepting applications to
provide technical assistance to socially-disadvantaged groups in rural areas.

"These grants will help socially-disadvantaged business owners develop the tools
and skills they need to grow their enterprises and succeed at creating jobs and
expanding economic opportunities in rural areas," Vilsack said. "American
agriculture is becoming increasingly diverse in many ways, with more minorities
and women seeking to enter the field, as well as greater diversity in the age of
farmers, the size of operations, in production methods, and in the types of
crops being grown. All of these forms of diversity help strengthen U.S.
agriculture for the future."

Funding will be made available through USDA's Socially-Disadvantaged Groups
Grant Program (formerly the Small, Socially-Disadvantaged Producer Grant
Program), which assists organizations that provide technical assistance to
socially-disadvantaged groups in rural areas. Examples of technical assistance
are conducting feasibility studies, developing business and strategic plans, and
providing leadership training.

USDA plans to make up to $3 million in grants available. The maximum award under
this notice is $175,000. More information on how to apply can be found on page
28937 of the May 20 Federal Register. Applications submitted by mail must be
postmarked by July 20, 2015. Electronic applications must be submitted at www.
grants.gov no later than midnight Eastern Time July 14, 2015.

Eligible applicants include groups of cooperatives, cooperative development
centers and individual cooperatives that serve socially-disadvantaged groups.
The cooperatives or centers can be located in any area, but the groups assisted
must be located in an eligible rural area. Also, the majority of the governing
body of the organization must be compromised of individuals who are members of
socially-disadvantaged groups.

USDA Rural Development is encouraging applications for projects in census tracts
with poverty rates of 20 percent or higher. All grants are awarded through a
national competition.

The program is making a difference in many rural areas. For example, in 2013,
the Southern California Focus on Cooperation (SCFC) received a $200,000 Small,
Socially-Disadvantaged Producer Grant to provide technical assistance to help 95
refugee immigrant and minority farmers improve their productive capacity,
increase revenue, and strengthen their ability to govern and manage their
cooperative businesses.

Many of the farmers benefiting from the project had little or no access to
formal schooling and had been persecuted and oppressed for years in their native
land. The International Rescue Committee (IRC), in concert with SCFC, developed
marketing channels including various farmers markets and restaurants where the
refugee farmers could sell their produce. Farmers have learned how to manage
these marketing channels themselves, without assistance from IRC, and have
gained new clients. They have also increased the level of cooperation among
Hispanic, Korean and African farmer groups. These groups are working toward
merging their efforts to form a single cooperative. The technical assistance
provided by SCFC has enabled these farmers to build skills that have truly been
life changing.

President Obama's historic investments in rural America have made our rural
communities stronger. Under his leadership, these investments in housing,
community facilities, businesses and infrastructure have empowered rural America
to continue leading the way - strengthening America's economy, small towns and
rural communities.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: May 27, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              249 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                              June 1, 2015 Monday

Virginia: USDA SEEKS APPLICATIONS FOR GRANTS TO HELP SOCIALLY-DISADVANTAGED
PRODUCERS

LENGTH: 655  words

DATELINE: Richmond


Virginia Department of Agriculture and Consumer Services has issued the
following news release:

The Virginia Department of Agriculture and Consumer Services announced today
that the U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA) is now accepting applications to
provide technical assistance to socially-disadvantaged groups in rural areas.

"These grants will help socially-disadvantaged business owners develop the tools
and skills they need to grow their enterprises and succeed at creating jobs and
expanding economic opportunities in rural areas," Vilsack said. "American
agriculture is becoming increasingly diverse in many ways, with more minorities
and women seeking to enter the field, as well as greater diversity in the age of
farmers, the size of operations, in production methods, and in the types of
crops being grown. All of these forms of diversity help strengthen U.S.
agriculture for the future."

Funding will be made available through USDA's Socially-Disadvantaged Groups
Grant Program (formerly the Small, Socially-Disadvantaged Producer Grant
Program), which assists organizations that provide technical assistance to
socially-disadvantaged groups in rural areas. Examples of technical assistance
are conducting feasibility studies, developing business and strategic plans, and
providing leadership training.

USDA plans to make up to $3 million in grants available. The maximum award under
this notice is $175,000. More information on how to apply can be found on page
28937 of the May 20 Federal Register. Applications submitted by mail must be
postmarked by July 20, 2015. Electronic applications must be submitted at www.
grants.gov no later than midnight Eastern Time July 14, 2015.

Eligible applicants include groups of cooperatives, cooperative development
centers and individual cooperatives that serve socially-disadvantaged groups.
The cooperatives or centers can be located in any area, but the groups assisted
must be located in an eligible rural area. Also, the majority of the governing
body of the organization must be compromised of individuals who are members of
socially-disadvantaged groups.
USDA Rural Development is encouraging applications for projects in census tracts
with poverty rates of 20 percent or higher. All grants are awarded through a
national competition.
The program is making a difference in many rural areas. For example, in 2013,
the Southern California Focus on Cooperation (SCFC) received a $200,000 Small,
Socially-Disadvantaged Producer Grant to provide technical assistance to help 95
refugee immigrant and minority farmers improve their productive capacity,
increase revenue, and strengthen their ability to govern and manage their
cooperative businesses.
Many of the farmers benefiting from the project had little or no access to
formal schooling and had been persecuted and oppressed for years in their native
land. The International Rescue Committee (IRC), in concert with SCFC, developed
marketing channels including various farmers markets and restaurants where the
refugee farmers could sell their produce. Farmers have learned how to manage
these marketing channels themselves, without assistance from IRC, and have
gained new clients. They have also increased the level of cooperation among
Hispanic, Korean and African farmer groups. These groups are working toward
merging their efforts to form a single cooperative. The technical assistance
provided by SCFC has enabled these farmers to build skills that have truly been
life changing.
President Obama's historic investments in rural America have made our rural
communities stronger. Under his leadership, these investments in housing,
community facilities, businesses and infrastructure have empowered rural America
to continue leading the way - strengthening America's economy, small towns and
rural communities.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: June 2, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              250 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                         Telegraph Herald (Dubuque, IA)

                          September 24, 2003 Wednesday

Money available for agricultural entrepreneurs; Farmers are taken on a guided
tour of grants, loans and expertise

BYLINE: mailto:jeverly@wcinet.comJOHN EVERLY

SECTION: Pg. a3

LENGTH: 560 words

DATELINE: CASCADE, Iowa


Help is out there for agricultural entrepreneurs willing to take the risk.

A panel of local economic development specialists took farmers on a guided tour
Tuesday of available grants, low interest loans, technical and business
expertise for value-added agricultural enterprises. Farmers and others
interested in value-added agriculture were invited to a meeting in Cascade to
learn about resources available to them.

Money - in the form of local, state and federal grants and loans - is available
for good ideas, said Warren Johnson, with the Limestone Bluffs Resource
Conservation and Development Area.

"Any good, sound project should have the resources to support it if it makes
sense," Johnson said.

The idea behind the programs is to return more income to farmers and their
communities through processing or marketing of farm commodities. But such
projects are often expensive, and the loans and grants provide at least some of
the seed money.

The U.S. Department of Agriculture's Value Added Agricultural Product Market
Development Grants can be used to conduct feasibility studies, develop business
plans, develop marketing plans, or conduct other types of studies to help
establish a viable value-added business venture. The grants, up to $$ @500,000,
also can be used to establish working capital accounts to operate the venture
and pay the normal expenses associated with the operation.

Last year, the federal government approved $$ @5.6 million in grants for Iowa
value-added projects.

"We got a lot of good projects that were funded last year," said Tom Miller,
Rural Development Cooperative Specialist with the Agriculture Department. "I
anticipate it's going to be competitive, but we did pretty well because we are
usually more prepared than other states."

Miller said grant money can be used for feasibility studies, marketing plans,
business plans and legal evaluations. The funds also can be used for working
capital if a business is already established. Independent producers,
agricultural producer groups, farmer or rancher cooperatives, and
majority-controlled producer-based businesses are eligible.

The deadline to apply for the federal grants is Oct. 20.

Resources are also available through the Iowa Department of Economic Development
, Johnson said.

On a local level, Limestone Bluffs Resource Conservation and Development offers
the Rural Business Enterprise Revolving Loan Program for new or expanding
value-added agricultural small businesses in Dubuque, Jackson, Delaware, Jones,
Cedar, and Clinton counties.

Maquoketa Valley Rural Electric Cooperative also administers a revolving loan
fund for similar projects. Patty Manual, with Maquoketa Valley, said the loans
can be used for business start-ups, equipment, property and other related
expenses, she said.

<hr>

News You Can Use

For more information on value-added agricultural resources:

* USDA Rural Development

563/886-6061

* Limestone Bluffs Resource Conservation and Development Area

563/652-5104

For more information on value-added resources, see these Web sites:

* Department of Agriculture's Value-Added Agricultural Product Market
Development Grants Program www.rurdev.usda.gov/rbs/coops/vadg.htm.

* Iowa Department of Economic Development

www.iowasmart.com/services/ entrepreneurial/vaapfap.html

LOAD-DATE: September 24, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                  Copyright 2003 Woodward Communications, Inc.


                              251 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                    Jacksonville Journal-Courier (Illinois)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             May 11, 2013 Saturday

IREC sets solar effort in motion

BYLINE: Jake Russell, Jacksonville Journal-Courier, Ill.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 428 words


May 11--Illinois Rural Electric Cooperative broke ground Friday for a 500
kilowatt solar facility to be built on Ill. 106 near Winchester, the first of
its kind among Illinois electrical cooperatives.

The photovoltaic solar energy system will cover 4 acres and consist of 2,223
panels.

At full capacity, it could provide enough electricity for around 170 homes on
the hottest day of the year. The facility is expected to produce around 840,000
kilowatts a year.

The cooperative expects to finish the plant this fall.

Each solar panel consists of photovoltaic cells made of silicon crystals. When
light from the sun is absorbed by the panel, the photovoltaic cell reacts in
such a way that it creates an electric current that then is harnessed and
distributed to homes.

"It's simply the right thing to do," said Bruce Giffin, general manager of
Illinois Rural Electric Cooperative.

The project will cost $1.8 million, $500,000 of which will come from the
Illinois Department of Commerce and Economic Opportunity and its grant through
the Renewable Energy Business Development Program. The cooperative also is
pursuing a grant from the USDA.

"It's just one more thing to show that the central Illinois corridor is looking
into the future and possibilities," said Terry Denison, president of the
Jacksonville Regional Economic Development Corp. "I think this kind of a project
speaks volumes for our region."

Denison is able to use this in marketing the region as a progressive business
community looking at different sources of energy, he said.

When it watched solar panels' prices drop and their performance increase, the
cooperative felt it was the perfect time to construct such a facility, Giffin
said.

Because the power produced by the solar facility will be less expensive than the
cooperative's purchased power, there will be a "very slight lowering on members'
bills," the news release said.

The cooperative also has a wind turbine in Pike County.

Factoring both renewable energy projects, as well as the cooperative's share in
Prairie Power's wind resources, the Illinois Rural Electric Cooperative will
have renewable resources for more than 14 percent of its peak demand.

"Bruce Giffin and the Illinois Rural Electric Cooperative have always been on
the cutting edge and looking at different sources of electricity," Denison said.
"This is just an example of their forward thinking."

___ (c)2013 the Jacksonville Journal-Courier (Jacksonville, Ill.) Visit the
Jacksonville Journal-Courier (Jacksonville, Ill.) at www.myjournalcourier.com
Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: May 12, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20130511-JJ-IREC-sets-solar-effort-in-motion-0511-20130511

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: JJ


                  Copyright 2013 Jacksonville Journal-Courier


                              252 of 998 DOCUMENTS



              Mineral County Independent-News (Hawthorne, Nevada)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                 April 24, 2014

Rural business grant applications due

BYLINE: Mineral County Independent-News staff

LENGTH: 338  words


CARSON CITY-Economic development authorities, nonprofits and towns in rural
Nevada that want to support rural business or create a revolving loan fund for
business may now apply for USDA Rural Development's Rural Business Enterprise
Grant (RBEG). An estimated $82,060 is available. Applications are due by June
30, 2014.

The purpose of the RBEG is to support the creation and growth of sustainable
rural business opportunities and jobs. Eligible entities are public bodies,
private nonprofit corporations, rural development authorities, and federally
recognized tribes. Individual businesses are not eligible.

"The RBEG is a very effective tool that aids in assessing and bringing to life
business development opportunities," said USDA Rural Development State Director
Sarah Adler. "However, given the limited funding we have available, we are
encouraging applications of $40,000 or less."

Funds must be used to facilitate the development of small and emerging private
business enterprises in rural areas.

Costs may include but are not limited to business planning, feasibility analysis
and technical assistance, infrastructure, equipment and revolving loan funds for
start-up and working capital needs.

Nye County Regional Economic Development Authority (NCREDA) received a $30,000
RBEG in FY 2013 to establish a revolving loan fund to assist small and emerging
private business enterprises in rural areas throughout Nye County. Two small
business loans are currently processing. Cassandra Selbach, Executive Director
of NCREDA, said the revolving fund is already making a difference. Clients are
eligible for loans of up to $5,000.

Applications are due to the Nevada State Office of Rural Development by 5 p.m.
on June 30.

The mailing address is 1390 S. Curry St., Carson City, NV 89703. For more
information, in southern Nevada contact Business and Cooperative Programs
Specialist David Foster at (702) 262-9047 Ext. 103.

In northern Nevada contact Business and Cooperative Programs Specialist Michelle
Kelly at (775) 887-1222, Ext. 118.

LOAD-DATE: November 29, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Business

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: MCI

                      Copyright 2014 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                 Copyright 2014 Mineral County Independent-News


                              253 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          The Tampa Tribune (Florida)

                           December 25, 2010 Saturday
                                 FINAL EDITION

Grant for Lacoochee improvements hits snag

BYLINE: LAURA KINSLER, The Pasco Tribune

SECTION: PASCO; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 687 words


County wants to build a new center for the Boys & Girls Club

BY LAURA KINSLER

The Pasco Tribune

LACOOCHEE Pasco County's grant application to build a new community center in
this struggling, rural community has hit a snag, but it's not something that
can't be overcome.

The county's community development office applied to the U.S. Department of
Agriculture for $2 million. The Lacoochee Boys & Girls Club already has raised
$300,000 to put toward the project:a 10,000-square-foot center and gymnasium at
Stanley Park.

Community Development Director George Romagnoli said the USDA has rejected the
grant. "The application in the current format we're applying for does not meet
the criteria for USDA," he said.

The problem is that Pasco County is too large and too developed and, well ...
too rich, to qualify for funding from the department's Rural Development Office.
"If Lacoochee were a separate entity, it could apply," Romagnoli said. "They
look at Pasco County, and they're telling us we're here to help entities that
could not get a loan from a bank. Pasco County could get a loan from a bank."

Michelle Miller, a county planner who oversaw the grant application, said the
proposal itself isn't the problem. "They like what they see, and they like that
we're coordinating with Withlacoochee River Electric Cooperative," she said.
"Right now, we're trying to look for a different entity to resubmit the
application for us."

County officials did not anticipate these kinds of problems earlier this year
when representatives from more than a dozen state and federal agencies toured
the poverty-stricken community in northeast Pasco. They saw a community with no
paved roads where the majority of residents live in substandard homes.

The new center would allow the Boys & Girls Club to move from its cramped
building at Pasco County Public Housing. "We could serve so many more children,
especially with the location and it being in the park," Boys & Girls Club
director Michael Brittingham said. "Right now, we're limited as to what we can
offer."

The club serves 60 children, and they couldn't even squeeze into one room for
their annual Christmas party. With a new center, the club could easily
accommodate more than 100 children. Romagnoli hoped the community center grant
would be the first of many directed at Lacoochee. Even U.S. Sen. Bill Nelson,
D-Fla., took a personal tour of the area and promised his full cooperation to
"cut the red tape" to get the money flowing.

"Senator Nelson has called USDA on several occasions, but their hands are tied,"
Romagnoli said.

Trilby resident Richard Riley said the nonprofit electric cooperative would be
able to resubmit the application. "I'm disappointed that we have this setback,
but it is a minor setback," he said. "There will be a centralized, coordinated
community center for the Trilby-Lacoochee area sometime."

Dade City has had better luck qualifying for grants from USDA. In 2009, the
Rural Development office granted the city more than $4 million for water and
sewer improvements. Dade City also has applied for grant funding to build a new
city hall and police complex.

"Dade City has received money from them for utilities," Miller said. "And even
Dade City is large compared to the type of communities they usually deal with."

lkinsler@tampatrib.com

(813) 259-8109

Photo Credit: ANDY JONES/STAFF

Photo: The county applied for a federal grant for a community center in
Lacoochee to provide a larger space for this Boys & Girls Club.

Photo: Erick Saechao, 7, has fun playing Uno during a holiday party Wednesday at
the Lacoochee Boys & Girls Club.

Photo Credit: ANDY JONES/STAFF

Photo: Youngsters and adults walk along Cummer Road after classes let out at
nearby Lacoochee Elementary School on Wednesday. The Boys & Girls Club serves
youngsters from the area.

Photo: There wasn't enough room in one room at the club for all the children who
attended the holiday party.

Photo: Anay Herrera, 5, in back, and Jocelyn Magpayo, 8, wait to see Santa
during the holiday party.

Copyright © 2010, The Tampa Tribune and may not be republished without
permission. E-mail library@tampatrib.com

LOAD-DATE: January 13, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


           Copyright 2010 The Tribune Co. Publishes The Tampa Tribune


                              254 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       Grand Forks Herald (North Dakota)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                              May 10, 2016 Tuesday

Rugby business to receive $1M loan to build John Deere facility

BYLINE: Kevin Bonham, Grand Forks Herald

SECTION: BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL NEWS

LENGTH: 257 words


May 10--RUGBY, N.D. -- A Rugby implement dealership will receive a $1 million
federal loan to build a John Deere equipment facility.

The loan, from the U.S. Department of Agriculture's Rural Economic Development
Loan and Grant program, was approved recently for Moure Equipment, doing
business as Gooseneck Implement.

The company plans to build a facility along U.S. Highway 2 east of Rugby,
according to JoAnn Rodenbiker, director of business development for Northern
Plains Electric Cooperative, which has offices in Cando and Carrington, N.D.

The project, when completed, will add seven jobs to the nearly 40 at Gooseneck's
Rugby location, she said.

"The program is attractive to the business because of the zero interest,"
Rodenbiker said. "It is good for the cooperative because it serves our
members--in terms of jobs, the farm economy that is the heart of our business
and our cooperative commitment to community."

The $1 million loan, which is distributed through the Northern Plains business
development department, will be paid back over 10 years, she said.

The loan was made possible through USDA's Intermediary Relending Program and the
Rural Microentrepreneur Assistance Program, Rep. Kevin Cramer, R-N.D., said.

Gooseneck also operates John Deere implement dealerships in the North Dakota
cities of Minot, Harvey, Stanley, Kenmare, Velva, Mohall and Williston.

___ (c)2016 the Grand Forks Herald (Grand Forks, N.D.) Visit the Grand Forks
Herald (Grand Forks, N.D.) at www.grandforksherald.com Distributed by Tribune
Content Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: May 11, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20160510-GF-Rugby-business-to-receive-1M-loan-to-build-John-Deere-facility-0510-
20160510

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: GF


                       Copyright 2016 Grand Forks Herald


                              255 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                           The Taos News (New Mexico)

                            April 22, 2010 Thursday

USDA OFFERS $2.5M IN RURAL GRANTS

BYLINE: MATTHEW VAN BUREN

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. B-10

LENGTH: 345 words


By Matthew van Buren

The Taos News

The U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA) is offering $2.48 million in federal
grants to aid economic development in rural areas.

According to information from the USDA, public bodies, nonprofit organizations,
tribal governments and cooperatives in rural areas are eligible for funding
under the Rural Business Opportunity Grant (RBOG) program. "Rural" is defined as
an area with fewer than 50,000 inhabitants.

"Funding under the RBOG program can be used to pay for economic planning,
technical assistance and training for rural communities, entrepreneurs or
economic development officials," a USDA release states.

A variety of projects are eligible for grants, including those that analyze
local business opportunities, train or provide technical assistance to rural
businesses, establish business support centers or conduct economic development
planning.

Funding priorities under the grant program include projects that are sustainable
in the long-term, are critical components of larger economic development
programs or address long-term poverty, population decline or job deterioration,
according to a USDA release.

"As a longtime rural resident, I am optimistic about President Obama's vision
for a stronger, more prosperous rural America," Agriculture Undersecretary for
Rural Development Dallas Tonsager is quoted as saying. "These grants can be the
foundation for implementing the president's vision of developing initiatives
that emphasize expanding exports, linking farm production to local consumption,
producing biofuels and renewable energy, capitalizing on broadband and
innovatively using natural resources as wealth-building tools for rural places."

Grants for projects serving a single state can reach $50,000; projects serving
multiple states can receive $150,000 in grant funding. Grant funds cannot be
spent on land or construction.

The deadline to apply is June 28 at 4 p.m. Applications must be received at the
USDA state office in Albuquerque by that time. For more information, call (505)
761-4953 or visit rurdev.usda.gov.

LOAD-DATE: May 1, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: See pdf's for exact rendition, caption, graphics and photographer info.


PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2010 The Taos News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              256 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            June 17, 2015 Wednesday

WASHINGTON:USDA Seeks Applications for Grants to Help Socially-Disadvantaged
Producers

LENGTH: 649  words

DATELINE: Olympia


Commission on Hispanic Affairs, The state of Washington has issued the following
news release:

Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack today announced that the U.S. Department of
Agriculture (USDA) is now accepting applications to provide technical assistance
to socially-disadvantaged groups in rural areas.

"These grants will help socially-disadvantaged business owners develop the tools
and skills they need to grow their enterprises and succeed at creating jobs and
expanding economic opportunities in rural areas," Vilsack said. "American
agriculture is becoming increasingly diverse in many ways, with more minorities
and women seeking to enter the field, as well as greater diversity in the age of
farmers, the size of operations, in production methods, and in the types of
crops being grown. All of these forms of diversity help strengthen U.S.
agriculture for the future."

Funding will be made available through USDA's Socially-Disadvantaged Groups
Grant Program (formerly the Small, Socially-Disadvantaged Producer Grant
Program), which assists organizations that provide technical assistance to
socially-disadvantaged groups in rural areas. Examples of technical assistance
are conducting feasibility studies, developing business and strategic plans, and
providing leadership training.

USDA plans to make up to $3 million in grants available. The maximum award under
this notice is $175,000. More information on how to apply can be found on page
28937 of the May 20 Federal Register. Applications submitted by mail must be
postmarked by July 20, 2015. Electronic applications must be submitted at www.
grants.gov no later than midnight Eastern Time July 14, 2015.

Eligible applicants include groups of cooperatives, cooperative development
centers and individual cooperatives that serve socially-disadvantaged groups.
The cooperatives or centers can be located in any area, but the groups assisted
must be located in an eligible rural area. Also, the majority of the governing
body of the organization must be compromised of individuals who are members of
socially-disadvantaged groups.

USDA Rural Development is encouraging applications for projects in census tracts
with poverty rates of 20 percent or higher. All grants are awarded through a
national competition.

The program is making a difference in many rural areas. For example, in 2013,
the Southern California Focus on Cooperation (SCFC) received a $200,000 Small,
Socially-Disadvantaged Producer Grant to provide technical assistance to help 95
refugee immigrant and minority farmers improve their productive capacity,
increase revenue, and strengthen their ability to govern and manage their
cooperative businesses.

Many of the farmers benefiting from the project had little or no access to
formal schooling and had been persecuted and oppressed for years in their native
land. The International Rescue Committee (IRC), in concert with SCFC, developed
marketing channels including various farmers markets and restaurants where the
refugee farmers could sell their produce. Farmers have learned how to manage
these marketing channels themselves, without assistance from IRC, and have
gained new clients. They have also increased the level of cooperation among
Hispanic, Korean and African farmer groups. These groups are working toward
merging their efforts to form a single cooperative. The technical assistance
provided by SCFC has enabled these farmers to build skills that have truly been
life changing.

President Obama's historic investments in rural America have made our rural
communities stronger. Under his leadership, these investments in housing,
community facilities, businesses and infrastructure have empowered rural America
to continue leading the way - strengthening America's economy, small towns and
rural communities.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:
editorial@plusme.com

LOAD-DATE: June 18, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              257 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                            The Daily Star (Lebanon)

                            January 29, 2013 Tuesday

EU grants Lebanon $4.7 mln for agriculture loans

LENGTH: 304 words


The Agriculture Ministry, the European Union and Kafalat signed a grant contract
of 3.5 million euros ($4.7 million) Monday for small loans intended for
agricultural and rural development.

BEIRUT: The Agriculture Ministry, the European Union and Kafalat signed a grant
contract of 3.5 million euros ($4.7 million) Monday for small loans intended for
agricultural and rural development.

The project, dubbed Credit for Agricultural and Rural Development (CARD Scheme),
is part of the Agriculture and Rural Development Program, an EU-funded
initiative implemented by the ministry, the EU delegation said in a statement.

The small credit scheme will include two financial products with one targeting
short-term loans up to 35,000 euros and another meeting long-term credit needs
of the sector, including tree farming.

With the cumulative EU and Kafalat contributions totaling 7 million euros, the
fund could guarantee up to 36 million euros of loans due to the multiplier
effect offered by the guarantee fund mechanism, the statement said.

The program aims to increase access to credit for small-scale farmers and
agricultural cooperatives, the EU said.

"CARD will complement the existing Kafalat agriculture guarantee scheme and will
help filling major gaps in the agricultural credit market in Lebanon by
supporting small short-term and large long-term loans," a news release said.

Rural women and young farmers will be the main target groups for the project,
the statement said, adding income-generating activities and job creation are
also a priority.

A campaign later this year will encourage farmers and cooperatives to apply for
agricultural loans, it said.

It is expected that more than 800 farmers will benefit from this scheme over the
coming 48 months.

More than 1,500 loans will be made in the next 10 years, the statement added.

LOAD-DATE: January 28, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 23


             Copyright 2013 The Daily Star - The Daily Star FZ LLC.
              Provided by Syndigate.info, an Albawaba.com company
                              All Rights Reserved


                              258 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             June 20, 2013 Thursday

Utah: USDA Seeks Applications for Grants to Improve the Quality of Rural Housing

LENGTH: 676  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Department of Agriculture, The State of Utah has issued the following news
release:

Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack today announced that USDA is accepting
applications for grants to help low- and very-low-income rural residents repair
their homes. USDA remains focused on carrying out its mission, despite a time of
significant budget uncertainty. Today's announcement is one part of the
Department's efforts to strengthen the rural economy.

"The Obama Administration and USDA are working to ensure that rural homeowners
and renters have safe, affordable and sanitary places to live," Vilsack said.
"These grant funds will help low- and very-low-income residents in our rural
communities maintain and repair their homes and make them more
energy-efficient."

Grants are provided to qualified intermediaries such as town or county
governments, public agencies, community organizations, federally recognized
Indian Tribes, non-profit and faith-based organizations. The grants are then
distributed to qualified homeowners or owners of multi-family rental properties
or cooperative dwellings who rent to low- and very-low-income residents. The
grants can be used to weatherize and repair existing structures, install or
improve plumbing or provide access to people with disabilities. In addition, the
program assists rental property owners and cooperative housing complexes in
repairing and rehabilitating their units if they agree to make such units
available to low- and very low-income persons.

Here is how the Housing Preservation Grant Program helped improve the housing
conditions for an elderly Madison, Ind., resident living on a fixed income.
Elizabeth Young received an HPG grant in addition to funds from the Indiana
Housing and Community Development Authority and the city of Madison.

USDA's home inspection found rotted window sills, numerous leaks, obsolete
electrical wiring and other items in need of repair. All of these defects have
been addressed, thanks to the collaboration between USDA and state and local
partners. Workers installed new gutters and downspouts, repaired and/or replaced
vinyl siding and trim, installed new "energy star" doors, upgraded plumbing and
electric systems, and made a host of other repairs. Now, Ms. Young, who has
lived in her home for more than 40 years, has a safe and barrier-free home.

For additional information on eligibility for Housing Preservation Grants,
please see the June 18, 2013 Federal Register.

President Obama's plan for rural America has brought about historic investment
and resulted in stronger rural communities. Under the President's leadership,
these investments in housing, community facilities, businesses and
infrastructure have empowered rural America to continue leading the way -
strengthening America's economy, small towns and rural communities. USDA's
investments in rural communities support the rural way of life that stands as
the backbone of our American values. President Obama and Agriculture Secretary
Vilsack are committed to a smarter use of Federal resources to foster
sustainable economic prosperity and ensure the government is a strong partner
for businesses, entrepreneurs and working families in rural communities.

USDA, through its Rural Development mission area, has a portfolio of programs
designed to improve the economic stability of rural communities, businesses,
residents, farmers and ranchers and improve the quality of life in rural
America. USDA has made a concerted effort to deliver results for the American
people, even as the Department implements sequestration - the across-the-board
budget reductions mandated under terms of the Budget Control Act.

USDA has already undertaken historic efforts since 2009 to save more than $828
million in taxpayer funds through targeted, common-sense budget reductions.
These reductions have put USDA in a better position to carry out its mission,
while implementing sequester budget reductions in a fair manner that causes as
little disruption as possible.

For further information please visit: http://www.usda.gov/.

LOAD-DATE: June 20, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              259 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             March 25, 2016 Friday

Requests for Applications: Rural Cooperative Development Grants

LENGTH: 9742  words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Washington, DC:  This Notice document was issued by the Rural Business
Cooperative Service (RBS)



  Action



 Notice.

 Summary



 This Notice announces that the Rural Business-Cooperative Service (Agency) is
accepting fiscal year (FY) 2016 applications for the Rural Cooperative
Development Grant (RCDG) program as authorized by the Consolidated
Appropriations Act, 2016 (Pub. L. 114-113). Approximately $5.8 million is
available to be competitively awarded. The purpose of this program is to provide
financial assistance to improve the economic condition of rural areas through
cooperative development. Eligible applicants include a non-profit corporation or
an institution of higher education. The Agency is encouraging applications that
direct grants to projects based in or serving census tracts with poverty rates
greater than or equal to 20 percent. This emphasis will support Rural
Development's (RD) mission of improving the quality of life for Rural Americans
and its commitment to directing resources to those who most need them.



 Dates



 Completed applications must be submitted on paper or electronically according
to the following deadlines:



 Paper applications must be postmarked and mailed, shipped, or sent overnight no
later than June 23, 2016. You may also hand carry your application to one of our
field offices, but it must be received by close of business on the deadline
date. Late applications are not eligible for funding under this Notice and will
not be evaluated.



 Electronic applications must be received by June 20, 2016 to be eligible for
grant funding. Please review the Grants.gov Web site at http://www.grants.
gov/web/grants/applicants/organization-registration.html. For instructions on
the process of registering your organization as soon as possible to ensure you
are able to meet the electronic application deadline. Late applications are not
eligible for funding under this Notice and will not be evaluated.

 Addresses



 You should contact a USDA Rural Development State Office (State Office) if you
have questions. You are encouraged to contact your State Office well in advance
of the application deadline to discuss your project and ask any questions about
the application process. Contact information for State Offices can be found at
http://www.rd.usda.gov/contact-us/state-offices.



 Program guidance as well as application and matching funds templates may be
obtained at http://www.rd.usda.gov/programs-services/
rural-cooperative-development-grant-program. If you want to submit an electronic
application, follow the instructions for the RCDG funding announcement located
at http://www.grants.gov. If you want to submit a paper application, send it to
the State Office located in the State where you are headquartered. If you are
headquartered in Washington, DC please contact the Grants Division, Cooperative
Programs, Rural Business-Cooperative Service, at (202) 690-1374 for guidance on
where to submit your application.

 For Further Information Contact



 Grants Division, Cooperative Programs, Rural Business-Cooperative Service,
United States Department of Agriculture, 1400 Independence Avenue SW., Mail Stop
3253, Room 4208--South, Washington, DC 20250-3253, (202) 690-1374.

 Supplementary Information

 Overview



 Federal Agency: Rural Business-Cooperative Service.



 Funding Opportunity Title: Rural Cooperative Development Grants.



 Announcement Type: Initial Notice.



 Catalog of Federal Domestic Assistance Number: 10.771.



 Date: Application Deadline. Paper applications must be postmarked, mailed,
shipped, or sent overnight no later than June 23, 2016, or it will not be
considered for funding. You may also hand carry your application to one of our
field offices, but it must be received by close of business on the deadline
date. Electronic applications must be received by http://www.grants.gov no later
than midnight eastern time June 20, 2016, or it will not be considered for
funding.

 Paperwork Reduction Act



 In accordance with the Paperwork Reduction Act, the paperwork burden associated
with this Notice has been approved by the Office of Management and Budget (OMB)
under OMB Control Number 0570-0006.

 A. Program Description



 The RCDG program is authorized under section 310B(e) of the Consolidated Farm
and Rural Development Act (CONACT) (7 U.S.C. 1932 (e)) as amended by the
Agricultural Act of 2014 (Pub. L. 113-79). You are required to comply with the
regulations for this program published at 7 CFR part 4284, subparts A and F,
which are incorporated by reference in this Notice. Therefore, you should become
familiar with these regulations. The primary objective of the RCDG program is to
improve the economic condition of rural areas through cooperative development.
Grants are awarded on a competitive basis. The maximum award amount per grant is
$200,000. Grants are available for non-profit corporations or higher education
institutions only. Grant funds may be used to pay for up to 75 percent of the
cost of establishing and operating centers for rural cooperative development.
Grant funds may be used to pay for 95 percent of the cost of establishing and
operating centers for rural cooperative development, when the applicant is a
1994 Institution as defined by 7 U.S.C. 301. The 1994 Institutions are commonly
known as Tribal Land Grant Institutions. Centers may have the expertise on staff
or they can contract out for the expertise, to assist individuals or entities in
the startup, expansion or operational improvement of rural businesses,
especially cooperative or mutually-owned businesses.

 Definitions



 The terms you need to understand are defined and published at 7 CFR 4284.3 and
7 CFR 4284.504. In addition, the terms "rural" and "rural area," defined at
section 343(a)(13) of the CONACT (7 U.S.C. 1991(a)), are incorporated by
reference, and will be used for this program instead of those terms currently
published at 7 CFR 4284.3. The term "you" referenced throughout this Notice
should be understood to mean "you" the applicant. Finally, there has been some
confusion on the Agency's meaning of the terms "conflict of interest" and
"mutually-owned business," because they are not defined in the CONACT or in the
regulations used for the program. Therefore, the terms are clarified and should
be understood as follows.



 Conflict of interest-- A situation in which a person or entity has competing
personal, professional, or financial interests that make it difficult for the
person or business to act impartially. Regarding use of both grant and matching
funds, Federal procurement standards prohibit transactions that involve a real
or apparent conflict of interest for owners, employees, officers, agents, or
their immediate family members having a financial or other interest in the
outcome of the project; or that restrict open and free competition for
unrestrained trade. Specifically, project funds may not be used for services or
goods going to, or coming from, a person or entity with a real or apparent
conflict of interest, including, but not limited to, owner(s) and their
immediate family members. An example of conflict of interest occurs when the
grantee's employees, board of directors, or the immediate family of either, have
the appearance of a professional or personal financial interest in the
recipients receiving the benefits or services of the grant.



 Mutually-owned business--An organization owned and governed by members who
either are its consumers, producers, employees, or suppliers.

 B. Federal Award Information



 Type of Award: Competitive Grant.



 Fiscal Year Funds: FY 2016.



 Total Funding: Approximately $5.8 million.



 Maximum Award: $200,000.



 Anticipated Award Date: September 30, 2016.

 C. Eligibility Information



 Applicants must meet all of the following eligibility requirements.
Applications which fail to meet any of these requirements by the application
deadline will be deemed ineligible and will not be evaluated further.

 1. Eligible Applicants



 You must be a nonprofit corporation or an institution of higher education to
apply for this program. Public bodies and individuals cannot apply for this
program. See 7 CFR 4284.507. You must also meet the following requirements:



 a. An applicant is ineligible if they have been debarred or suspended or
otherwise excluded from or ineligible for participation in Federal assistance
programs under Executive Order 12549, "Debarment and Suspension." The Agency
will check the System for Award Management (SAM) to determine if the applicant
has been debarred or suspended. In addition, an applicant will be considered
ineligible for a grant due to an outstanding judgment obtained by the U.S. in a
Federal Court (other than U.S. Tax Court), is delinquent on the payment of
Federal income taxes, or is delinquent on Federal debt. See 7 CFR 4284.6. The
applicant must certify as part of the application that they do not have an
outstanding judgement against them. The Agency will check the Credit Alert
Interactive Voice Response System (CAIVRS) to verify this.



 b. Any corporation that has been convicted of a felony criminal violation under
any Federal law within the past 24 months or that has any unpaid Federal tax
liability that has been assessed, for which all judicial and administrative
remedies have been exhausted or have lapsed, and that is not being paid in a
timely manner pursuant to an agreement with the authority responsible for
collecting the tax liability, is not eligible for financial assistance provided
with funds appropriated by the Consolidated Appropriations Act, 2016 (Pub. L.
114-113), unless a Federal agency has considered suspension or debarment of the
corporation and has made a determination that this further action is not
necessary to protect the interests of the Government. Applicants will be
required to complete Form AD-3030, "Representations Regarding Felony Conviction
and Tax Delinquent Status for Corporate Applicants," if you are a corporation.



 c. Applications will be deemed ineligible if the application includes any
funding restrictions identified under section D.6. a and b. Inclusion of funding
restrictions outlined in section D.6.a. and b. precludes the agency from making
a federal award.



 d. Applications will be deemed ineligible if the application is not complete in
accordance with the requirements stated in section C.3.e., and will not be
reviewed.

 2. Cost Sharing or Matching



 Your matching funds requirement is 25 percent of the total project cost (5
percent for 1994 Institutions). See 7 CFR 4284.508. When you calculate your
matching funds requirement, please round up or down to whole dollars as
appropriate. An example of how to calculate your matching funds is as follows:



 a. Take the amount of grant funds you are requesting and divide it by .75. This
will give you your total project cost.

 Example



 $200,000 (grant amount)/.75 (percentage for use of grant funds) = $266,667
(total project cost)



 b. Subtract the amount of grant funds you are requesting from your total
project cost. This will give you your matching funds requirement.

 Example



 $266,667 (total project cost)--$200,000 (grant amount) = $66,667 (matching
funds requirement)



 c. A quick way to double check that you have the correct amount of matching
funds is to take your total project cost and multiply it by .25.

 Example



 $266,667 (total project cost) &times; .25 (maximum percentage of matching funds
requirement) = $66,667 (matching funds requirement)



 You must verify that all matching funds are available during the grant period
and provide this documentation with your application in accordance with
requirements identified in section D.2.e.8. If you are awarded a grant,
additional verification documentation may be required to confirm the
availability of matching funds.



 Other rules for matching funds that you must follow are listed below.



     They must be spent on eligible expenses during the grant period.

     They must be from eligible sources.

     They must be spent in advance or as a pro-rata portion of grant funds being
spent.

     They must be provided by either the applicant or a third party in the form
of cash or an in-kind contribution.

     They cannot include board/advisory council members' time.

     They cannot include other Federal grants unless provided by authorizing
legislation.

     They cannot include cash or in-kind contributions donated outside the grant
period.

     They cannot include over-valued, in-kind contributions.

     They cannot include any project costs that are ineligible under the RCDG
program.

     They cannot include any project costs that are unallowable under the
applicable grant "Cost Principles," including 2 CFR part 200, subpart E, and the
Federal Acquisition Regulation (for-profits) or successor regulation.

     They can include loan funds from a Federal source.

     They can include travel and incidentals for board/advisory council members
if you have established written policies explaining how these costs are normally
reimbursed, including rates. You must include an explanation of this policy in
your application or the contributions will not be considered as eligible
matching funds.

     You must be able to document and verify the number of hours worked and the
value associated with any in-kind contribution being used to meet a matching
funds requirement.

     In-kind contributions provided by individuals, businesses, or cooperatives
which are being assisted by you cannot be provided for the direct benefit of
their own projects as USDA Rural Development considers this to be a conflict of
interest or the appearance of a conflict of interest.



 3. Other Eligibility Requirements

 a. Purpose Eligibility



 Your application must propose the establishment or continuation of a
cooperative development center concept. You must use project funds, including
grant and matching funds for eligible purposes only (see 7 CFR 4284.508). In
addition, project funds may be used for programs providing for the coordination
of services and sharing of information among the centers (see 7 U.S.C 1932(e)
(4) (C) (vi)).

 b. Project Eligibility



 All project activities must be for the benefit of a rural area.

 c. Multiple Application Eligibility



 Only one application can be submitted per applicant. If two applications are
submitted (regardless of the applicant name) that include the same Executive
Director and/or advisory boards or committees of an existing center, both
applications will be determined not eligible for funding.

 d. Grant Period



 Your application must include a one-year grant period or it will not be
considered for funding. The grant period should begin no earlier than October 1,
2016, and no later than January 1, 2017. Prior approval is needed from the
Agency if you are awarded a grant and desire the grant period to begin earlier
or later than previously discussed. Projects must be completed within a one-year
timeframe. The Agency may approve requests to extend the grant period for up to
an additional 12 months at its discretion. Further guidance on grant period
extensions will be provided in the award document.

 e. Completeness



 Your application will not be considered for funding if it fails to meet an
eligibility criterion by time of application deadline and does not provide
sufficient information to determine eligibility and scoring. In particular, you
must include all of the forms and proposal elements as discussed in the
regulation and as clarified further in this Notice. Incomplete applications will
not be reviewed by the Agency. For more information on what is required for an
application, see 7 CFR 4284.510.

 f. Satisfactory Performance



 If you have an existing RCDG award, you must discuss the status of your
existing RCDG award at application time under the Eligibility Discussion. You
must be performing satisfactorily to be considered eligible for a new award.
Satisfactory performance includes being up-to-date on all financial and
performance reports and being current on all tasks as approved in the work plan.
The Agency will use its discretion to make this determination. In addition, if
you have an existing award from the Socially-Disadvantaged Groups Grant (SDGG)
program, formerly known as the Small Socially-Disadvantaged Producer Grants
(SSDPG) program, you must discuss the status of your existing SSDPG award at
application time under Eligibility Discussion and be performing satisfactorily
to be considered for a new RCDG award.

 g. Indirect Costs



 Your negotiated indirect cost rate approval does not need to be included in
your application, but you will be required to provide it if a grant is awarded.
Approval for indirect costs that are requested in an application without an
approved indirect cost rate agreement is at the discretion of the Agency.

 D. Application and Submission Information

 1. Address to Request Application Package



 For further information, you should contact your State Office at
http://www.rd.usda.gov/contact-us/state-offices. Program materials may also be
obtained at http://www.rd.usda.gov/programs-services/
rural-cooperative-development-grant-program. You may also obtain a copy by
calling 202-690-1374.

 2. Content and Form of Application Submission



 You may submit your application in paper form or electronically through Grants.
gov. If you submit in paper form, any forms requiring signatures must include an
original signature.

 a. Electronic Submission



 To submit an application electronically, you must use the Grants.gov Web site
at http://www.Grants.gov. You may not submit an application electronically in
any way other than through Grants.gov.



 You can locate the Grants.gov downloadable application package for this program
by using a keyword, the program name, or the Catalog of Federal Domestic
Assistance Number for this program.



 When you enter the Grants.gov Web site, you will find information about
submitting an application electronically through the site, as well as the hours
of operation.



 To use Grants.gov, you must already have a DUNS number and you must also be
registered and maintain registration in SAM. We strongly recommend that you do
not wait until the application deadline date to begin the application process
through Grants.gov.



 You must submit all of your application documents electronically through
Grants.gov. Applications must include electronic signatures. Original signatures
may be required if funds are awarded.



 After electronically submitting an application through Grants.gov, you will
receive an automatic acknowledgement from Grants.gov that contains a Grants.gov
tracking number.

 b. Paper Submission



 If you want to submit a paper application, send it to the State Office located
in the State where your project will primarily take place. You can find State
Office Contact information at: http://www.rd.usda.gov/contact-us/state-offices.
An optional-use Agency application template is available online at
http://www.rd.usda.gov/programs-services/rural-cooperative-development-grant
-program.

 c. Supplemental Information



 Your application must contain all of the required forms and proposal elements
described in 7 CFR 4284.510 and as otherwise clarified in this Notice.
Specifically, your application must include: (1) The required forms as described
in 7 CFR 4284.510(b) and (2) the required proposal elements as described in 7
CFR 4284.510(c). If your application is incomplete, it is ineligible to compete
for funds. Applications lacking sufficient information to determine eligibility
and scoring will be considered ineligible. Information submitted after the
application deadline will not be accepted. You are encouraged, but not required
to utilize the application template found at
http://www.rd.usda.gov/programs-services/rural-cooperative-development-grant
-program.

 d. Clarifications on Forms



     Standard Form (SF) 424--Your DUNS number should be identified in the
"Organizational DUNS" field on SF 424, "Application for Federal Assistance."
Since there are no specific fields for a Commercial and Government Entity (CAGE)
code and expiration date, you may identify them anywhere you want to on Form SF
424. In addition, you should provide the DUNS number and the CAGE code and
expiration date under the applicant eligibility discussion in your proposal
narrative. If you do not include the CAGE code and expiration date and the DUNS
number in your application, it will not be considered for funding.

     Form AD-3030, "Representations Regarding Felony Conviction and Tax
Delinquent Status for Corporate Applicants," if you are a corporation. A
corporation is any entity that has filed articles of incorporation in one of the
50 States, the District of Columbia, the Federated States of Micronesia, the
Republic of Palau, and the Republic of the Marshall Islands, or the various
territories of the United States including American Samoa, Guam, Midway Islands,
the Commonwealth of the Northern Mariana Islands, Puerto Rico, or the U.S.
Virgin Islands. Corporations include both for profit and non-profit entities.

     You can voluntarily fill out and submit the "Survey on Ensuring Equal
Opportunity for Applicants," as part of your application if you are a nonprofit
organization.



 e. Clarifications on Proposal Elements



 1. You must include the title of the project as well as any other relevant
identifying information on the Title Page.



 2. You must include a Table of Contents with page numbers for each component of
the application to facilitate review.



 3. Your Executive Summary must include the items in 7 CFR 4284.510 (c)(3), and
also discuss the percentage of work that will be performed among organizational
staff, consultants, or other contractors. It should not exceed two pages.



 4. Your Eligibility Discussion must not exceed two pages and cover how you meet
the eligibility requirements for applicant, matching funds, other eligibility
requirements and grant period. If you have an existing RCDG or the
Socially-Disadvantaged Groups Grant (SDGG) program, formerly known as the Small
Socially-Disadvantaged Producer Grants (SSDPG) program award or both, you must
discuss the current status of those award(s) under grant period eligibility.



 5. Your Proposal Narrative must not exceed 40 pages and should describe the
essential aspects of the project.



 i. You are only required to have one title page for the proposal.



 ii. If you list the evaluation criteria on the Table of Contents and
specifically and individually address each criterion in narrative form, then it
is not necessary for you to include an Information Sheet. Otherwise, the
Information Sheet is required under 7 CFR 4284.510(c)(ii).



 iii. You should include the following under Goals of the Project:



 A. A statement that substantiates that the Center will effectively serve rural
areas in the United States;



 B. A statement that the primary objective of the Center will be to improve the
economic condition of rural areas through cooperative development;



 C. A description of the contributions that the proposed activities are likely
to make to the improvement of the economic conditions of the rural areas for
which the Center will provide services. Expected economic impacts should be tied
to tasks included in the work plan and budget; and



 D. A statement that the Center, in carrying out its activities, will seek,
where appropriate, the advice, participation, expertise, and assistance of
representatives of business, industry, educational institutions, the Federal
government, and State and local governments.



 iv. The Agency has established annual performance evaluation measures to
evaluate the RCDG program. You must provide estimates on the following
performance evaluation measures.



     Number of groups who are not legal entities assisted.

     Number of businesses that are not cooperatives assisted.

     Number of cooperatives assisted.

     Number of businesses incorporated that are not cooperatives.

     Number of cooperatives incorporated.

     Total number of jobs created as a result of assistance.

     Total number of jobs saved as a result of assistance.

     Number of jobs created for the Center as a result of RCDG funding.

     Number of jobs saved for the Center as a result of RCDG funding.



 It is permissible to have a zero in a performance element. When you calculate
jobs created, estimates should be based upon actual jobs to be created by your
organization as a result of the RCDG funding or actual jobs to be created by
cooperative businesses or other businesses as a result of assistance from your
organization. When you calculate jobs saved, estimates should be based only on
actual jobs that have been lost if your organization did not receive RCDG
funding or actual jobs that would have been lost without assistance from your
organization.



 v. You can also suggest additional performance elements for example where job
creation or jobs saved may not be a relevant indicator (e.g. housing). These
additional criteria should be specific, measurable performance elements that
could be included in an award document.



 vi. You must describe in the application how you will undertake to do each of
the following. We would prefer if you described these undertakings within
proposal evaluation criteria to reduce duplication in your application. The
specific proposal evaluation criterion where you should address each undertaking
is noted below.



 A. Take all practicable steps to develop continuing sources of financial
support for the Center, particularly from sources in the private sector (should
be presented under proposal evaluation criterion j., utilizing the specific
requirements of section E.1.j.);



 B. Make arrangements for the Center's activities to be monitored and evaluated
(should be addressed under proposal evaluation criterion number h. utilizing the
specific requirements of section E.1.h.); and



 C. Provide an accounting for the money received by the grantee in accordance
with 7 CFR part 4284, subpart F. This should be addressed under proposal
evaluation criterion number a., utilizing the specific requirements of section
E.1.a.



 vii. You should present the Work Plan and Budget proposal element under
proposal evaluation criterion number h., utilizing the specific requirements of
section E.1.h. of this Notice to reduce duplication in your application.



 viii. You should present the Delivery of Cooperative development assistance
proposal element under proposal evaluation criterion number b., utilizing the
specific requirements of section E.1.b. of this Notice.



 ix. You should present the Qualifications of Personnel proposal element under
proposal evaluation criterion number i., utilizing the specific requirements of
section E.1.i. of this Notice.



 x. You should present the Local Support and Future Support proposal elements
under proposal evaluation criterion number j., utilizing the requirements of
section E.1.j. of this Notice.



 xi. Your application will not be considered for funding if you do not address
all of the proposal evaluation criteria. See section E.1. of this Notice for a
description of the proposal evaluation criteria.



 xii. Only appendices A-C will be considered when evaluating your application.
You must not include resumes of staff or consultants in the application.



 6. You must certify that there are no current outstanding Federal judgments
against your property and that you will not use grant funds to pay for any
judgment obtained by the United States. To satisfy the Certification
requirement, you should include this statement in your application: "[INSERT
NAME OF APPLICANT] certifies that the United States has not obtained an
unsatisfied judgment against its property and will not use grant funds to pay
any judgments obtained by the United States." A separate signature is not
required.



 7. You must certify that matching funds will be available at the same time
grant funds are anticipated to be spent and that expenditures of matching funds
are pro-rated or spent in advance of grant funding, such that for every dollar
of the total project cost, not less than the required amount of matching funds
will be expended. Please note that this Certification is a separate requirement
from the Verification of Matching Funds requirement. To satisfy the
Certification requirement, you should include this statement in your
application: "[INSERT NAME OF APPLICANT] certifies that matching funds will be
available at the same time grant funds are anticipated to be spent and that
expenditures of matching funds shall be pro-rated or spent in advance of grant
funding, such that for every dollar of the total project cost, at least 25 cents
(5 cents for 1994 Institutions) of matching funds will be expended." A separate
signature is not required.



 8. You must provide documentation in your application to verify all of your
proposed matching funds. The documentation must be included in Appendix A of
your application and will not count towards the 40-page limitation. Template
letters are available for each type of matching funds contribution at
http://www.rd.usda.gov/programs-services/rural-cooperative-development-grant
-program.



 a. If matching funds are to be provided in cash, you must meet the following
requirements.



     You: The application must include a statement verifying (1) the amount of
the cash and (2) the source of the cash. You may also provide a bank statement
dated 30 days or less from the application deadline date to verify your cash
match.

     Third-party: The application must include a signed letter from the third
party verifying (1) how much cash will be donated and (2) that it will be
available corresponding to the proposed grant period or donated on a specific
date within the grant period.



 b. If matching funds are to be provided by an in-kind donation, you must meet
the following requirements.



     You: The application must include a signed letter from you or your
authorized representative verifying (1) the nature of the goods and/or services
to be donated and how they will be used, (2) when the goods and/or services will
be donated (i.e., corresponding to the proposed grant period or to specific
dates within the grant period), and (3) the value of the goods and/or services.
Please note that most applicant contributions for the RCDG program are
considered applicant cash match in accordance with this Notice. If you are
unsure, please contact your State Office because identifying your matching funds
improperly can affect your scoring.

     Third-Party: The application must include a signed letter from the third
party verifying (1) the nature of the goods and/or services to be donated and
how they will be used, (2) when the goods and/or services will be donated (i.e.,
corresponding to the proposed grant period or to specific dates within the grant
period), and (3) the value of the goods and/or services.



 To ensure that you are identifying and verifying your matching funds
appropriately, please note the following:



     If you are paying for goods and/or services as part of the matching funds
requirement, the expenditure is considered a cash match, and you must verify it
as such. Universities must verify the goods and services they are providing to
the project as a cash match and the verification must be approved by the
appropriate approval official (i.e., sponsored programs office or equivalent).

     If you have already received cash from a third-party (i.e., Foundation)
before the start of your proposed grant period, you must verify this as your own
cash match and not as a third-party cash match. If you are receiving cash from a
third-party during the grant period, then you must be verifying the cash as a
third-party cash match.

     Board resolutions for a cash match must be approved at the time of
application.

     You can only consider goods or services for which no expenditure is made as
an in-kind contribution.

     If a non-profit or another organization contributes the services of
affiliated volunteers, they must follow the third-party, in-kind donation
verification requirement for each individual volunteer.

     Expected program income may not be used to fulfill your matching funds
requirement at the time you submit your application. However, if you have a
contract to provide services in place at the time you submit your application,
you can verify the amount of the contract as a cash match.

     The valuation process you use for in-kind contributions does not need to be
included in your application, but you must be able to demonstrate how the
valuation was derived if you are awarded a grant. The grant award may be
withdrawn or the amount of the grant reduced if you cannot demonstrate how the
valuation was derived.



 Successful applicants must comply with requirements identified in Section F,
Federal Award Administration.

 3. Dun and Bradstreet Data Universal Numbering System (DUNS) and System for
Awards Management (SAM)



 In order to be eligible (unless you are excepted under 2 CFR 25.110(b), (c) or
(d), you are required to:



 (a) Provide a valid DUNS number in your application, which can be obtained at
no cost via a toll-free request line at (866) 705-5711;



 (b) Register in SAM before submitting your application. You may register in SAM
at no cost at https://www.sam.gov/portal/public/SAM/; and



 (c) Continue to maintain an active SAM registration with current information at
all times during which you have an active Federal award or an application or
plan under consideration by a Federal awarding agency.



 The Agency may not make a Federal award to you until you have complied with all
applicable DUNS and SAM requirements. If you have not fully complied with
requirements, the Agency may determine that the applicant is not qualified to
receive a Federal award and the Agency may use this determination as a basis for
making an award to another applicant.

 4. Submission Dates and Times



 Application Deadline Date: June 23, 2016.



 Explanation of Deadlines: Complete applications must be submitted on paper or
electronically according to the following deadlines:



 Paper applications must be postmarked and mailed, shipped, or sent overnight no
later than June 23, 2016, to be eligible for grant funding. The Agency will
determine whether your application is late based on the date shown on the
postmark or shipping invoice. You may also hand carry your application to one of
our field offices, but it must be received by close of business on the deadline
date. If the due date falls on a Saturday, Sunday, or Federal holiday, the
reporting package is due the next business day. Late applications will
automatically be deemed ineligible.



 Electronic applications must be received by http://www.grants.gov no later than
midnight eastern time June 20, 2016, to be eligible for grant funding. Please
review the Grants.gov Web site at http://grants.
gov/applicants/organization_registration.jsp for instructions on the process of
registering your organization as soon as possible to ensure you are able to meet
the electronic application deadline. Grants.gov will not accept applications
submitted after the deadline.

 5. Intergovernmental Review of Applications



 Executive Order (E.O.) 12372, "Intergovernmental Review of Federal Programs,"
applies to this program. This E.O. requires that Federal agencies provide
opportunities for consultation on proposed assistance with State and local
governments. Many States have established a Single Point of Contact (SPOC) to
facilitate this consultation. For a list of States that maintain a SPOC, please
see the White House Web site: http://www.whitehouse.gov/omb/grants_spoc. If your
State has a SPOC, you may submit a copy of the application directly for review.
Any comments obtained through the SPOC must be provided to your State Office for
consideration as part of your application. If your State has not established a
SPOC, or if you do not want to submit a copy of the application, our State
Offices will submit your application to the SPOC or other appropriate agency or
agencies.

 6. Funding Restrictions



 a. Project funds, including grant and matching funds, cannot be used for
ineligible grant purposes (see 7 CFR 4284.10). Also, you shall not use project
funds for the following:



     To purchase, rent, or install laboratory equipment or processing machinery;


     To pay for the operating costs of any entity receiving assistance from the
Center;

     To pay costs of the project where a conflict of interest exists;

     To fund any activities prohibited by 2 CFR part 200; or

     To fund any activities considered unallowable by 2 CFR part 200, subpart E,
"Cost Principles," and the Federal Acquisition Regulation (for-profits) or
successor regulations.



 b. In addition, your application will not be considered for funding if it does
any of the following:



     Focuses assistance on only one cooperative or mutually-owned business;

     Requests more than the maximum grant amount; or

     Proposes ineligible costs that equal more than 10 percent of total project
costs. The ineligible costs will NOT be removed at this stage to proceed with
application processing. For purposes of this determination, the grant amount
requested plus the matching funds amount constitutes the total project costs.



 We will consider your application for funding if it includes ineligible costs
of 10 percent or less of total project costs, as long as the remaining costs are
determined eligible otherwise. However, if your application is successful, those
ineligible costs must be removed and replaced with eligible costs before the
Agency will make the grant award, or the amount of the grant award will be
reduced accordingly. If we cannot determine the percentage of ineligible costs,
your application will not be considered for funding.

 7. Other Submission Requirements



 a. You should not submit your application in more than one format. You must
choose whether to submit your application in hard copy or electronically.
Applications submitted in hard copy should be mailed or hand-delivered to the
State Office located in the State where you are headquartered. You can find
State Office contact information at:
http://www.rd.usda.gov/contact-us/state-offices. To submit an application
electronically, you must follow the instruction for this funding announcement at
http://www.grants.gov. A password is not required to access the Web site.



 b. National Environmental Policy Act



 All recipients under this Notice are subject to the requirements of 7 CFR part
1940, subpart G and any successor regulations. However, technical assistance
awards under this Notice are classified as a Categorical Exclusion according to
7 CFR 1940.310(e), and do not require any additional documentation.



 c. Civil Rights Compliance Requirements



 All grants made under this Notice are subject to title VI of the Civil Rights
Act of 1964 as required by the USDA (7 CFR part 15, subpart A) and section 504
of the Rehabilitation Act of 1973.

 E. Application Review Information



 The State Offices will review applications to determine if they are eligible
for assistance based on requirements in 7 CFR part 4284, subparts A and F, this
Notice, and other applicable Federal regulations. If determined eligible, your
application will be scored by a panel of USDA employees in accordance with the
point allocation specified in this Notice. A recommendation will be submitted to
the Administrator to fund applications in highest ranking order. Applications
that cannot be fully funded may be offered partial funding at the Agency's
discretion.

 1. Scoring Criteria



 Scoring criteria will follow criteria published at 7 CFR 4284.513 as
supplemented below including any amendments made by the section 6013 of the
Food, Conservation, and Energy Act of 2008 (Pub. L. 110-234), which is
incorporated by reference in this Notice. The regulatory and statutory criteria
are clarified and supplemented below. You should also include information as
described in section D.2.e.5.vi. if you choose to address these items under the
scoring criteria. Evaluators will base scores only on the information provided
or cross-referenced by page number in each individual evaluation criterion. The
maximum amount of points available is 100. Newly established or proposed Centers
that do not yet have a track record on which to evaluate the following criteria
should refer to the expertise and track records of staff or consultants expected
to perform tasks related to the respective criteria. Proposed or newly
established Centers must be organized well-enough at time of application to
address its capabilities for meeting these criteria.



 a. Administrative capabilities (maximum score of 10 points). A panel of USDA
employees will evaluate your demonstrated track record in carrying out
activities in support of development assistance to cooperatively and mutually
owned businesses. At a minimum, you must discuss the following administrative
capabilities:



 1. Financial systems and audit controls;



 2. Personnel and program administration performance measures;



 3. Clear written rules of governance; and



 4. Experience administering Federal grant funding no later than the last 5
years, including but not limited to past RCDGs. Please list the name of the
Federal grant program(s) and the amount(s) of funding received.



 You will score higher on this criterion if you can demonstrate that the Center
has independent governance. For applicants that are universities or parent
organizations, you should demonstrate that there is a separate board of
directors for the Center.



 b. Technical assistance and other services (maximum score of 10 points). A
panel of USDA employees will evaluate your demonstrated expertise no later than
the last 5 years in providing technical assistance and accomplishing effective
outcomes in rural areas to promote and assist the development of cooperatively
and mutually owned businesses. You must discuss at least:



 1. Your potential for delivering effective technical assistance;



 2. The types of assistance provided;



 3. The expected effects of that assistance;



 4. The sustainability of organizations receiving the assistance; and



 5. The transferability of your cooperative development strategies and focus to
other areas of the U.S.



 A chart or table showing the outcomes of your demonstrated expertise based upon
the performance elements listed in section D.2.e.5.iv. or as identified in your
award document on previous RCDG awards. At a minimum, please provide information
for FY 2012-FY 2014 awards. We prefer that you provide one chart or table
separating out award years. The intention here is for you to provide actual
performance numbers based upon award years even though your grant period for the
award was for the next calendar or fiscal year. Please provide a narrative
explanation if you have not received a RCDG award.



 You will score higher on this criterion if you provide more than 3 years of
outcomes and can demonstrate that the organizations you assisted within the last
5 years are sustainable. Additional outcome information should be provided on
RCDG grants awarded before FY 2012. Please describe specific project(s) when
addressing a-e of this paragraph.



 c. Economic development (maximum score of 10 points). A panel of USDA employees
will evaluate your demonstrated ability to facilitate:



 1. Establishment of cooperatives or mutually owned businesses;



 2. New cooperative approaches (i.e., organizing cooperatives among underserved
individuals or communities; an innovative market approach; a type of cooperative
currently not in your service area; a new cooperative structure; novel ways to
raise member equity or community capitalization; conversion of an existing
business to cooperative ownership); and



 3. Retention of businesses, generation of employment opportunities or other
factors, as applicable, that will otherwise improve the economic conditions of
rural areas.



 You will score higher on this criterion if you provide economic statistics
showing the impacts of your past development projects no later than 5 years old
and identify your role in the economic development outcomes.



 d. Past performance in establishing legal business entities (maximum score of
10 points). A panel of USDA employees will evaluate your demonstrated past
performance in establishing legal cooperative business entities and other legal
business entities during January 1, 2013-December 31, 2015. Provide the name of
the organization(s) established, the date of formation and your role in
assisting with the incorporation(s) under this criterion. In addition,
documentation verifying the establishment of legal business entities must be
included in Appendix C of your application and will not count against the
40-page limit for the narrative. The documentation must include proof that
organizational documents were filed with the Secretary of State's Office (i.e.
Certificate of Incorporation or information from the State's official Web site
naming the entity established and the date of establishment); or if the business
entity is not required to register with the Secretary of State, a certification
from the business entity that a legal business entity has been established and
when. Please note that you are not required to submit articles of incorporation
to receive points under this criterion. You will score higher on this criterion
if you have established legal cooperative businesses.



 e. Networking and regional focus (maximum score of 10 points). A panel of USDA
employees will evaluate your demonstrated commitment to:



 1. Networking with other cooperative development centers, and other
organizations involved in rural economic development efforts, and



 2. Developing multi-organization and multi-state approaches to addressing the
economic development and cooperative needs of rural areas.



 You will score higher on this criterion if you can demonstrate the outcomes of
your multi-organizational and multi-state approaches. Please describe the
project(s), partners and the outcome(s) that resulted from the approach.



 f. Commitment (maximum score of 10 points). A panel of USDA employees will
evaluate your commitment to providing technical assistance and other services to
under-served and economically distressed areas in rural areas of the United
States. You will score higher on this criterion if you define and describe the
underserved and economically distressed areas within your service area, provide
statistics, and identify projects within or affecting these areas, as
appropriate.



 g. Matching Funds (maximum score of 10 points). A panel of USDA employees will
evaluate your commitment for the 25 percent (5 percent for 1994 Institutions)
matching funds requirement. A chart or table should be provided to describe all
matching funds being committed to the project. However, formal documentation to
verify all of the matching funds must be included in Appendix A of your
application. You will be scored on how you identify your matching funds.



 1. If you met the 25 percent (5 percent for 1994 Institutions) matching
requirement, points will be assigned as follows:



     In-kind only--1 point,

     Mix of in-kind and cash--3-4 points (maximum points will be awarded if the
ratio of cash to in-kind is 30 percent and above of matching funds), or

     Cash only--5 points.



 2. If you exceeded the 25 percent (5 percent for 1994 Institutions) matching
requirement, points will be assigned as follows:



     In-kind only--2 points,

     Mix of in-kind and cash--6-7 points (maximum points will be awarded if the
ratio of cash to in-kind is 30 percent and above of matching funds), or

     Cash only--10 points.



 h. Work Plan/Budget (maximum score of 10 points). A panel of USDA employees
will evaluate your work plan for detailed actions and an accompanying timetable
for implementing the proposal. The budget must present a breakdown of the
estimated costs associated with cooperative and business development activities
as well as the operation of the Center and allocate these costs to each of the
tasks to be undertaken. Matching funds as well as grant funds must be accounted
for in the budget.



 You must discuss at a minimum:



 1. Specific tasks (whether it be by type of service or specific project) to be
completed using grant and matching funds;



 2. How customers will be identified;



 3. Key personnel; and



 4. The evaluation methods to be used to determine the success of specific tasks
and overall objectives of Center operations. Please provide qualitative methods
of evaluation. For example, evaluation methods should go beyond quantitative
measurements of completing surveys or number of evaluations.



 You will score higher on this criterion if you present a clear, logical,
realistic, and efficient work plan and budget.



 i. Qualifications of those Performing the Tasks (maximum score of 10 points). A
panel of USDA employees will evaluate your application to determine if the
personnel expected to perform key tasks have a track record of:



 1. Positive solutions for complex cooperative development and/or marketing
problems; or



 2. A successful record of conducting accurate feasibility studies, business
plans, marketing analysis, or other activities relevant to your success as
determined by the tasks identified in the your work plan; and



 3. Whether the personnel expected to perform the tasks are full/part-time
employees of your organization or are contract personnel.



 You will score higher on this criterion if you demonstrate commitment and
availability of qualified personnel expected to perform the tasks.



 j. Local and Future Support (maximum score of 10 points). A panel of USDA
employees will evaluate your application for local and future support. Support
should be discussed directly within the response to this criterion.



 1. Discussion on local support should include previous and/or expected local
support and plans for coordinating with other developmental organizations in the
proposed service area or with state and local government institutions. You will
score higher if you demonstrate strong support from potential beneficiaries and
formal evidence of intent to coordinate with other developmental organizations.
You may also submit a maximum of 10 letters of support or intent to coordinate
with the application to verify your discussion. These letters should be included
in Appendix B of your application and will not count against the 40-page limit
for the narrative.



 2. Discussion on future support will include your vision for funding operations
in future years. You should document:



 (i) New and existing funding sources that support your goals;



 (ii) Alternative funding sources that reduce reliance on Federal, State, and
local grants; and



 (iii) The use of in-house personnel for providing services versus contracting
out for that expertise. Please discuss your strategy for building in-house
technical assistance capacity.



 You will score higher if you can demonstrate that your future support will
result in long-term sustainability of the Center.

 2. Review and Selection Process



 The State Offices will review applications to determine if they are eligible
for assistance based on requirements in 7 CFR part 4284, subparts A and F, this
Notice, and other applicable Federal regulations. If determined eligible, your
application will be scored by a panel of USDA employees in accordance with the
point allocation specified in this Notice. A recommendation will be submitted to
the Administrator to fund applications in highest ranking order. Applications
that cannot be fully funded may be offered partial funding at the Agency's
discretion. If your application is evaluated, but not funded, it will not be
carried forward into the next competition.

 F. Federal Award Administration Information

 1. Federal Award Notices



 If you are selected for funding, you will receive a signed notice of Federal
award by postal mail from the State Office where your application was submitted,
containing instructions on requirements necessary to proceed with execution and
performance of the award.



 If you are not selected for funding, you will be notified in writing via postal
mail and informed of any review and appeal rights. You must comply with all
applicable statutes, regulations, and notice requirements before the grant award
will be approved. There will be no available funds for successful appellants
once all FY 15 funds are awarded and obligated. See 7 CFR part 11 for USDA
National Appeals Division procedures.

 2. Administrative and National Policy Requirements



 Additional requirements that apply to grantees selected for this program can be
found in 7 CFR part 4284, subpart F; the Grants and Agreements regulations of
the Department of Agriculture codified in 2 CFR parts 180, 400, 415, 417, 418,
421; 2 CFR parts 25 and 170; and 48 CFR 31.2, and successor regulations to these
parts.



 In addition, all recipients of Federal financial assistance are required to
report information about first-tier subawards and executive compensation (see 2
CFR part 170). You will be required to have the necessary processes and systems
in place to comply with the Federal Funding Accountability and Transparency Act
of 2006 (Pub. L. 109-282) reporting requirements (see 2 CFR 170.200(b), unless
you are exempt under 2 CFR 170.110(b)).



 The following additional requirements apply to grantees selected for this
program:



     Agency-approved Grant Agreement.

     Letter of Conditions.

     Form RD 1940-1, "Request for Obligation of Funds."

     Form RD 1942-46, "Letter of Intent to Meet Conditions."

     Form AD-1047, "Certification Regarding Debarment, Suspension, and Other
Responsibility Matters-Primary Covered Transactions."

     Form AD-1048, "Certification Regarding Debarment, Suspension, Ineligibility
and Voluntary Exclusion-Lower Tier Covered Transactions."

     Form AD-1049, "Certification Regarding Drug-Free Workplace Requirements (
Grants)."

     Form RD 400-4, "Assurance Agreement."

     SF LLL, "Disclosure of Lobbying Activities," if applicable.

     Form AD-3031, "Assurance Regarding Felony Conviction or Tax Delinquent
Status for Corporate Applicants." Must be signed by corporate applicants who
receive an award under this Notice.



 3. Reporting



 After grant approval and through grant completion, you will be required to
provide the following:



 A SF-425, "Federal Financial Report," and a project performance report will be
required on a semiannual basis (due 30 working days after end of the semiannual
period). The project performance reports shall include the following: A
comparison of actual accomplishments to the objectives established for that
period;



 a. Reasons why established objectives were not met, if applicable;



 b. Reasons for any problems, delays, or adverse conditions, if any, which have
affected or will affect attainment of overall project objectives, prevent
meeting time schedules or objectives, or preclude the attainment of particular
objectives during established time periods. This disclosure shall be accompanied
by a statement of the action taken or planned to resolve the situation; and



 c. Objectives and timetable established for the next reporting period.



 d. Provide a final project and financial status report within 90 days after the
expiration or termination of the grant.



 e. Provide outcome project performance reports and final deliverables.

 G. Agency Contacts



 If you have questions about this Notice, please contact the appropriate State
Office at http://www.rd.usda.gov/contact-us/state-offices. Program guidance as
well as application and matching funds templates may be obtained at
http://www.rd.usda.gov/programs-services/rural-cooperative-development-grant
-program. If you want to submit an electronic application, follow the
instructions for the RCDG funding announcement located at http://www.grants.gov.
You may also contact National Office staff: Susan Horst, RCDG Program Lead,
susan.horst@wdc.usda.gov, or call the main line at 202-690-1374.

 H. Nondiscrimination Statement



 The U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA) prohibits discrimination against its
customers, employees, and applicants for employment on the bases of race, color,
national origin, age, disability, sex, gender identity, religion, reprisal, and
where applicable, political beliefs, marital status, familial or parental
status, sexual orientation, or all or part of an individual's income is derived
from any public assistance program, or protected genetic information in
employment or in any program or activity conducted or funded by the Department.
(Not all prohibited bases will apply to all programs and/or employment
activities.)



 If you wish to file an employment complaint, you must contact your agency's EEO
Counselor within 45 days of the date of the alleged discriminatory act, event,
or in the case of a personnel action. Additional information can be found online
at http://www.ascr.usda.gov/complaint_filing_cust.html.



 If you wish to file a Civil Rights program complaint of discrimination,
complete the USDA Program Discrimination Complaint Form (PDF), found online at
http://www.ascr.usda.gov/complaint_filing_cust.html, or at any USDA office, or
call (866) 632-9992 to request the form. You may also write a letter containing
all of the information requested in the form. Send your completed complaint form
or letter to us by mail at U.S. Department of Agriculture, Director, Office of
Adjudication, 1400 Independence Avenue SW., Washington, DC 20250-9410, by fax
(202) 690-7442 or email at program.intake@usda.gov



 Individuals who are deaf, hard of hearing or have speech disabilities and you
wish to file either an EEO or program complaint please contact USDA through the
Federal Relay Service at (800) 877-8339 or (800) 845-6136 (in Spanish).



 Persons with disabilities, who wish to file a program complaint, please see
information above on how to contact us by mail directly or by email. If you
require alternative means of communication for program information (e.g.,
Braille, large print, audiotape, etc.) please contact USDA's TARGET Center at
(202) 720-2600 (voice and TDD).

 Dated: March 17, 2016.

 Samuel H. Rikkers,

 Administrator, Rural Business-Cooperative Service.

 [FR Doc. 2016-06765 Filed 3-24-16; 8:45 am]

 BILLING CODE 3410-XY-P



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: March 26, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              260 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               Right Vision News

                            November 30, 2014 Sunday

Pakistan: Canada grants $9.4mn

LENGTH: 238  words

DATELINE: LAHORE


LAHORE, Nov. 30 -- Punjab Board of Investment and Trade (PBIT)'s technical
facilitation has secured $9.4 million Canadian grant for the economic empower of
rural women, a spokesperson said on Friday.

The grant is for the project entitled "Rural Women's Economic Empowerment
through Enhanced Participation in South Punjab's Dairy Sector".

The spokesperson said the grant would be used to economically empower poor rural
women, their families and communities by strengthening the dairy sector and
increasing the participation and decision making capacity of Pakistani women in
supplying quality milk to the market - processors and consumers. Director
Agriculture, Livestock and Dairy Development PBIT Dr Suhail Saleem provided
technical facilitation for the project.

PBIT would work with Plan International, Pakistan to implement the Department of
Foreign Affairs, Trade and Development, Government of Canada-funded project.

The project aims at supporting 350 village level Farmers Milk Cooperative (FMCs)
in three districts of Punjab.

The newly organised FMCs will have up to 75 percent women members, in addition
to 50 percent mandatory representation of women voices and their perspectives
would influence cooperative decision making

Published by HT Syndication with permission from Right Vision News. For any
query with respect to this article or any other content requirement, please
contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: November 30, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2014 Right Vision News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              261 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                         Deming Headlight (New Mexico)

                           November 26, 2013 Tuesday

Value-Added Producer grants available

BYLINE: For the Headlight

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 681 words


WASHINGTON >> Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack announced the availability of
nearly $10.5 million in U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA) grants to help
agricultural producers enter into value-added activities designed to give them a
competitive business edge.

"U.S. agriculture is responsible for millions of American jobs -- both directly
and indirectly," Vilsack said. "Supporting farmers and related businesses
strengthens rural economies and helps fuel innovation and product development.
It's also an important part of USDA programs that link farmers to their
communities, and it underscores the many benefits of local and regional food
systems."

USDA Rural Development State Director Terry Brunner added, "The Value Added
Producer Grant program demonstrates USDA's commitment to help an ag-producer's
small business with financial support to expand their profit margin with the
increased sale of their products. For example, the funding helps ag producers
add value to their products by funding the facility to turn tomatoes and
jalapecos into salsa, or even converting methane from animal waste to generate
energy."

The funding is being made available through the Value-Added Producer Grant
(VAPG) program. Grants are available to help agricultural producers create new
products, expand marketing opportunities, support further processing of existing
products or goods, or to develop specialty and niche products. They may be used
for working capital and planning activities. The maximum working capital grant
is $200,000; the maximum planning grant is $75,000.

Eligible applicants include independent producers, farmer and rancher
cooperatives, and agricultural producer groups. Funding priority is given to
socially disadvantaged and beginning farmers or ranchers, and to small- to
medium-size family farms, or farmer/rancher cooperatives.

The Value-Added Producer Grant program is one of many USDA programs that support
the development of strong local and regional food systems as part of the Know
Your Farmer, Know Your Food initiative. Launched in 2009, the initiative
strengthens ties between agricultural producers and their local communities,
helping meet growing consumer demand and creating opportunities for small
business development. Initiatives like this create new income opportunities for
farmers, generate wealth that will stay in rural communities, and increase
access to healthy, local foods in underserved communities. All of these actions
boost local economies.

Today's announcement comes as more than 1,400 communities nationwide gear up to
support Small Business Saturday, a day dedicated to championing small businesses
on one of the busiest shopping weekends of the year. Small Business Saturday is
this week.

Rural Development is encouraging applications from Tribal organizations as well
as applications that support regional food hubs. Applications supporting
value-added activities related to bio-based products are also encouraged.

Since 2009, the Obama Administration has provided agricultural producers with
almost $80 million in Value Added Producer Grant assistance that has supported
more than 600 innovative, value-added projects.

For example in fiscal year 2012, Preferred Produce a farm located in Luna County
received a $49,500 Value Added Producer Grant to provide a higher quality
vegetable to a much larger segment of the local population at a low cost. The
farm also provides high nutrition vegetables to local area school children. At
the same time the Preferred Produce farm provides increased food safety for its
customers by delivering fresh vegetables to its consumers within 8 hours of
harvest.

Additional examples of how VAPGs assist local and regional food producers are
available on the USDA Know Your Farmer, Know Your Food Compass, which is
searchable by zip code and key word.

Grant applications are due by Feb. 24, 2014. More information about how to apply
is available on page 70260 of the Nov. 25thhttp://gpo.gov/fdsys/pkg/FR
-2013-11-25/pdf/2013-28175.pdf Federal Register, or by contacting any USDA Rural
Development state office.

LOAD-DATE: November 27, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


          Copyright 2013 Deming Headlight, a MediaNews Group Newspaper
                              All Rights Reserved


                              262 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                              Daily The Pak Banker

                           November 29, 2014 Saturday

Canada grants $9.4mn

LENGTH: 203  words

DATELINE: LAHORE


Punjab Board of Investment and Trade (PBIT)'s technical facilitation has secured
$9.4 million Canadian grant for the economic empower of rural women, a
spokesperson said on Friday.



The grant is for the project entitled "Rural Women's Economic Empowerment
through Enhanced Participation in South Punjab's Dairy Sector".

The spokesperson said the grant would be used to economically empower poor rural
women, their families and communities by strengthening the dairy sector and
increasing the participation and decision making capacity of Pakistani women in
supplying quality milk to the market - processors and consumers. Director
Agriculture, Livestock and Dairy Development PBIT Dr Suhail Saleem provided
technical facilitation for the project.

PBIT would work with Plan International, Pakistan to implement the Department of
Foreign Affairs, Trade and Development, Government of Canada-funded project.

The project aims at supporting 350 village level Farmers Milk Cooperative (FMCs)
in three districts of Punjab.

The newly organised FMCs will have up to 75 percent women members, in addition
to 50 percent mandatory representation of women voices and their perspectives
would influence cooperative decision making.


LOAD-DATE: November 30, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              263 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            March 23, 2017 Thursday

Requests for Applications: Rural Cooperative Development Grants

LENGTH: 9744  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington, DC:  This Notice document was issued by the Rural Business
Cooperative Service (RBS)



  Action



 Notice.

 Summary



 This Notice announces that the Rural Business-Cooperative Service (Agency) is
accepting fiscal year (FY) 2017 applications for the Rural Cooperative
Development Grant (RCDG) program. This Notice is being issued prior to enactment
of a full year appropriation act for Fiscal Year (FY) 2017. The RCDG program is
authorized under section 310B(e) of the Consolidated Farm and Rural Development
Act (CONACT) as amended by the Agricultural Act of 2014. The purpose of
announcing the RCDG program prior to the enactment of full year appropriations
is to provide applicants sufficient time to prepare and submit their
applications in response to this solicitation and to provide the Agency time to
process applications within FY 2017. Expenses incurred in developing
applications will be at the applicant's risk.





 The purpose of this program is to provide financial assistance to improve the
economic condition of rural areas through cooperative development. Eligible
applicants include a non-profit corporation or an institution of higher
education.

 Dates



 Completed applications must be submitted on paper or electronically according
to the following deadlines:



 Paper applications must be postmarked and mailed, shipped, or sent overnight no
later than June 2, 2017. You may also hand carry your application to one of our
field offices, but it must be received by close of business on the deadline
date. Late applications are not eligible for funding under this Notice and will
not be evaluated.



 Electronic applications must be received by May 26, 2017, to be eligible for
grant funding. Please review the Grants.gov Web site at http://grants.
gov/applicants/organization_registration.jsp. For instructions on the process of
registering your organization as soon as possible to ensure you are able to meet
the electronic application deadline. Late applications are not eligible for
funding under this Notice and will not be evaluated.

 Addresses



 You should contact a USDA Rural Development State Office (State Office) if you
have questions. You are encouraged to contact your State Office well in advance
of the application deadline to discuss your project and ask any questions about
the application process. Contact information for State Offices can be found at
http://www.rd.usda.gov/contact-us/state-offices.



 Program guidance as well as application and matching funds templates may be
obtained at http://www.rd.usda.gov/programs-services/
rural-cooperative-development-grant-program. If you want to submit an electronic
application, follow the instructions for the RCDG funding announcement located
at http://www.grants.gov. If you want to submit a paper application, send it to
the State Office located in the State where you are headquartered. If you are
headquartered in Washington, DC please contact the Grants Division, Cooperative
Programs, Rural Business-Cooperative Service, at (202) 690-1374 for guidance on
where to submit your application.

 For Further Information Contact



 Grants Division, Cooperative Programs, Rural Business-Cooperative Service,
United States Department of Agriculture, 1400 Independence Avenue, SW., Mail
Stop-3253, Room 4208-South, Washington, DC 20250-3253, (202) 690-1374.

 Supplementary Information

 Overview



 Federal Agency: Rural Business-Cooperative Service.



 Funding Opportunity Title: Rural Cooperative Development Grants.



 Announcement Type: Initial Notice.



 Catalog of Federal Domestic Assistance Number: 10.771.



 Date: Application Deadline. Paper applications must be postmarked, mailed,
shipped, or sent overnight no later than June 2, 2017, or it will not be
considered for funding. You may also hand carry your application to one of our
field offices, but it must be received by close of business on the deadline
date. Electronic applications must be received by http://www.grants.gov no later
than midnight Eastern Time May 26, 2017, or it will not be considered for
funding.

 Paperwork Reduction Act



 In accordance with the Paperwork Reduction Act, the paperwork burden associated
with this Notice has been approved by the Office of Management and Budget (OMB)
under OMB Control Number 0570-0006.

 A. Program Description



 The RCDG program is authorized under section 310B(e) of the Consolidated Farm
and Rural Development Act (CONACT) (7 U.S.C. 1932 (e)) as amended by the
Agricultural Act of 2014 (Pub. L. 113-79). You are required to comply with the
regulations for this program published at 7 CFR part 4284, subparts A and F,
which are incorporated by reference in this Notice. Therefore, you should become
familiar with these regulations. The primary objective of the RCDG program is to
improve the economic condition of rural areas through cooperative development.
Grants are awarded on a competitive basis. The maximum award amount per grant is
$200,000. Grants are available for non-profit corporations or higher education
institutions only. Grant funds may be used to pay for up to 75 percent of the
cost of establishing and operating centers for rural cooperative development.
Grant funds may be used to pay for 95 percent of the cost of establishing and
operating centers for rural cooperative development, when the applicant is a
1994 Institution as defined by 7 U.S.C. 301. The 1994 Institutions are commonly
known as Tribal Land Grant Institutions. Centers may have the expertise on staff
or they can contract out for the expertise, to assist individuals or entities in
the startup, expansion or operational improvement of rural businesses,
especially cooperative or mutually-owned businesses.

 Definitions



 The terms you need to understand are defined and published at 7 CFR 4284.3 and
7 CFR 4284.504. In addition, the terms "rural" and "rural area," defined at
section 343(a) (13) of the CONACT (7 U.S.C. 1991(a)), are incorporated by
reference, and will be used for this program instead of those terms currently
published at 7 CFR 4284.3. The term "you" referenced throughout this Notice
should be understood to mean "you" the applicant. Finally, there has been some
confusion on the Agency's meaning of the terms "conflict of interest" and
"mutually-owned business," because they are not defined in the CONACT or in the
regulations used for the program. Therefore, the terms are clarified and should
be understood as follows.



 Conflict of interest-- A situation in which a person or entity has competing
personal, professional, or financial interests that make it difficult for the
person or business to act impartially. Regarding use of both grant and matching
funds, Federal procurement standards prohibit transactions that involve a real
or apparent conflict of interest for owners, employees, officers, agents, or
their immediate family members having a financial or other interest in the
outcome of the project; or that restrict open and free competition for
unrestrained trade. Specifically, project funds may not be used for services or
goods going to, or coming from, a person or entity with a real or apparent
conflict of interest, including, but not limited to, owner(s) and their
immediate family members. An example of conflict of interest occurs when the
grantee's employees, board of directors, or the immediate family of either, have
the appearance of a professional or personal financial interest in the
recipients receiving the benefits or services of the grant.



 Mutually-owned business--An organization owned and governed by members who
either are its consumers, producers, employees, or suppliers.

 B. Federal Award Information



 Type of Award: Competitive Grant.



 Fiscal Year Funds: FY 2017.



 Total Funding: To be determined.



 Maximum Award: $200,000.



 Anticipated Award Date: September 29, 2017.

 C. Eligibility Information



 Applicants must meet all of the following eligibility requirements.
Applications which fail to meet any of these requirements by the application
deadline will be deemed ineligible and will not be evaluated further.

 1. Eligible Applicants



 You must be a nonprofit corporation or an institution of higher education to
apply for this program. Public bodies and individuals cannot apply for this
program. See 7 CFR 4284.507. You must also meet the following requirements:



 a. An applicant is ineligible if they have been debarred or suspended or
otherwise excluded from or ineligible for participation in Federal assistance
programs under Executive Order 12549, "Debarment and Suspension." The Agency
will check the System for Award Management (SAM) to determine if the applicant
has been debarred or suspended. In addition, an applicant will be considered
ineligible for a grant due to an outstanding judgment obtained by the U.S. in a
Federal Court (other than U.S. Tax Court), is delinquent on the payment of
Federal income taxes, or is delinquent on Federal debt. See 7 CFR 4284.6. The
applicant must certify as part of the application that they do not have an
outstanding judgment against them. The Agency will check the Credit Alert
Interactive Voice Response System (CAIVRS) to verify this.



 b. Any corporation that has been convicted of a felony criminal violation under
any Federal law within the past 24 months or that has any unpaid Federal tax
liability that has been assessed, for which all judicial and administrative
remedies have been exhausted or have lapsed, and that is not being paid in a
timely manner pursuant to an agreement with the authority responsible for
collecting the tax liability, is not eligible for financial assistance provided
with funds appropriated by the Consolidated Appropriations Act, 2016 (Pub. L.
114-113), unless a Federal agency has considered suspension or debarment of the
corporation and has made a determination that this further action is not
necessary to protect the interests of the Government. Applicants will be
required to complete Form AD-3030, "Representations Regarding Felony Conviction
and Tax Delinquent Status for Corporate Applicants," if you are a corporation.



 c. Applications will be deemed ineligible if the application includes any
funding restrictions identified under Section D.6. a and b. Inclusion of funding
restrictions outlined in Section D.6. a. and b. precludes the agency from making
a federal award.



 d. Applications will be deemed ineligible if the application is not complete in
accordance with the requirements stated in Section C.3.e., and will not be
reviewed.

 2. Cost Sharing or Matching



 Your matching funds requirement is 25 percent of the total project cost (5
percent for 1994 Institutions). See 7 CFR 4284.508. When you calculate your
matching funds requirement, please round up or down to whole dollars as
appropriate. An example of how to calculate your matching funds is as follows:



 a. Take the amount of grant funds you are requesting and divide it by .75. This
will give you your total project cost.



 Example: $200,000 (grant amount)÷.75 (percentage for use of grant funds) =
$266,667 (total project cost).



 b. Subtract the amount of grant funds you are requesting from your total
project cost. This will give you your matching funds requirement.



 Example: $266,667 (total project cost)-$200,000 (grant amount) = $66,667
(matching funds requirement).



 c. A quick way to double check that you have the correct amount of matching
funds is to take your total project cost and multiply it by .25.



 Example: $266,667 (total project cost) × .25 (maximum percentage of matching
funds requirement) = $66,667 (matching funds requirement).



 You must verify that all matching funds are available during the grant period
and provide this documentation with your application in accordance with
requirements identified in Section D.2.e.8. If you are awarded a grant,
additional verification documentation may be required to confirm the
availability of matching funds.



 Other rules for matching funds that you must follow are listed below.



     They must be spent on eligible expenses during the grant period.

     They must be from eligible sources.

     They must be spent in advance or as a pro-rata portion of grant funds being
spent.

     They must be provided by either the applicant or a third party in the form
of cash or an in-kind contribution.

     They cannot include board/advisory council members' time.

     They cannot include other Federal grants unless provided by authorizing
legislation.

     They cannot include cash or in-kind contributions donated outside the grant
period.

     They cannot include over-valued, in-kind contributions.

     They cannot include any project costs that are ineligible under the RCDG
program.

     They cannot include any project costs that are unallowable under the
applicable grant "Cost Principles," including 2 CFR part 200, subpart E, and the
Federal Acquisition Regulation (for-profits) or successor regulation.

     They can include loan funds from a Federal source.

     They can include travel and incidentals for board/advisory council members
if you have established written policies explaining how these costs are normally
reimbursed, including rates. You must include an explanation of this policy in
your application or the contributions will not be considered as eligible
matching funds.

     You must be able to document and verify the number of hours worked and the
value associated with any in-kind contribution being used to meet a matching
funds requirement.

     In-kind contributions provided by individuals, businesses, or cooperatives
which are being assisted by you cannot be provided for the direct benefit of
their own projects as USDA Rural Development considers this to be a conflict of
interest or the appearance of a conflict of interest.



 3. Other Eligibility Requirements

 a. Purpose Eligibility



 Your application must propose the establishment or continuation of a
cooperative development center concept. You must use project funds, including
grant and matching funds for eligible purposes only (see 7 CFR 4284.508). In
addition, project funds may be used for programs providing for the coordination
of services and sharing of information among the centers (see 7 U.S.C. 1932(e)
(4) (C) (vi)).

 b. Project Eligibility



 All project activities must be for the benefit of a rural area.

 c. Multiple Application Eligibility



 Only one application can be submitted per applicant. If two applications are
submitted (regardless of the applicant name) that include the same Executive
Director and/or advisory boards or committees of an existing center, both
applications will be determined not eligible for funding.

 d. Grant Period



 Your application must include a one-year grant period or it will not be
considered for funding. The grant period should begin no earlier than October 1,
2017, and no later than January 1, 2018. Prior approval is needed from the
Agency if you are awarded a grant and desire the grant period to begin earlier
or later than previously discussed. Projects must be completed within a one-year
timeframe. The Agency may approve requests to extend the grant period for up to
an additional 12 months at its discretion. Further guidance on grant period
extensions will be provided in the award document.

 e. Completeness



 Your application will not be considered for funding if it fails to meet an
eligibility criterion by time of application deadline and does not provide
sufficient information to determine eligibility and scoring. In particular, you
must include all of the forms and proposal elements as discussed in the
regulation and as clarified further in this Notice. Incomplete applications will
not be reviewed by the Agency. For more information on what is required for an
application, see 7 CFR 4284.510.

 f. Satisfactory Performance



 If you have an existing RCDG award, you must discuss the status of your
existing RCDG award at application time under the Eligibility Discussion. You
must be performing satisfactorily to be considered eligible for a new award.
Satisfactory performance includes being up-to-date on all financial and
performance reports and being current on all tasks as approved in the work plan.
The Agency will use its discretion to make this determination. In addition, if
you have an existing award from the Socially-Disadvantaged Groups Grant (SDGG)
program, you must discuss the status of your existing SDGG award at application
time under Eligibility Discussion and be performing satisfactorily to be
considered for a new RCDG award.

 g. Indirect Costs



 Your negotiated indirect cost rate approval does not need to be included in
your application, but you will be required to provide it if a grant is awarded.
Approval for indirect costs that are requested in an application without an
approved indirect cost rate agreement is at the discretion of the Agency.

 D. Application and Submission Information

 1. Address To Request Application Package



 For further information, you should contact your State Office at
http://www.rd.usda.gov/contact-us/state-offices. Program materials may also be
obtained at http://www.rd.usda.gov/programs-services/
rural-cooperative-development-grant-program. You may also obtain a copy by
calling 202-690-1374.

 2. Content and Form of Application Submission



 You may submit your application in paper form or electronically through Grants.
gov. If you submit in paper form, any forms requiring signatures must include an
original signature.

 a. Electronic Submission



 To submit an application electronically, you must use the Grants.gov Web site
at http://www.Grants.gov. You may not submit an application electronically in
any way other than through Grants.gov.



 You can locate the Grants.gov downloadable application package for this program
by using a keyword, the program name, or the Catalog of Federal Domestic
Assistance Number for this program.



 When you enter the Grants.gov Web site, you will find information about
submitting an application electronically through the site, as well as the hours
of operation.



 To use Grants.gov, you must already have a DUNS number and you must also be
registered and maintain registration in SAM. We strongly recommend that you do
not wait until the application deadline date to begin the application process
through Grants.gov.



 You must submit all of your application documents electronically through
Grants.gov. Applications must include electronic signatures. Original signatures
may be required if funds are awarded.



 After electronically submitting an application through Grants.gov, you will
receive an automatic acknowledgement from Grants.gov that contains a Grants.gov
tracking number.

 b. Paper Submission



 If you want to submit a paper application, send it to the State Office located
in the State where your project will primarily take place. You can find State
Office Contact information at: http://www.rd.usda.gov/contact-us/state-offices.
An optional-use Agency application template is available online at
http://www.rd.usda.gov/programs-services/rural-cooperative-development-grant
-program.

 c. Supplemental Information



 Your application must contain all of the required forms and proposal elements
described in 7 CFR 4284.510 and as otherwise clarified in this Notice.
Specifically, your application must include: (1) The required forms as described
in 7 CFR 4284.510(b) and (2) the required proposal elements as described in 7
CFR 4284.510(c). If your application is incomplete, it is ineligible to compete
for funds. Applications lacking sufficient information to determine eligibility
and scoring will be considered ineligible. Information submitted after the
application deadline will not be accepted. You are encouraged, but not required
to utilize the application template found at
http://www.rd.usda.gov/programs-services/rural-cooperative-development-grant
-program.

 d. Clarifications on Forms



     Standard Form (SF) 424--Your DUNS number should be identified in the
"Organizational DUNS" field on SF 424, "Application for Federal Assistance."
Since there are no specific fields for a Commercial and Government Entity (CAGE)
code and expiration date, you may identify them anywhere you want to on Form SF
424. In addition, you should provide the DUNS number and the CAGE code and
expiration date under the applicant eligibility discussion in your proposal
narrative. If you do not include the CAGE code and expiration date and the DUNS
number in your application, it will not be considered for funding.

     Form AD-3030, "Representations Regarding Felony Conviction and Tax
Delinquent Status for Corporate Applicants," if you are a corporation. A
corporation is any entity that has filed articles of incorporation in one of the
50 States, the District of Columbia, the Federated States of Micronesia, the
Republic of Palau, and the Republic of the Marshall Islands, or the various
territories of the United States including American Samoa, Guam, Midway Islands,
the Commonwealth of the Northern Mariana Islands, Puerto Rico, or the U.S.
Virgin Islands. Corporations include both for profit and non-profit entities.

     You can voluntarily fill out and submit the "Survey on Ensuring Equal
Opportunity for Applicants," as part of your application if you are a nonprofit
organization.



 e. Clarifications on Proposal Elements



 1. You must include the title of the project as well as any other relevant
identifying information on the Title Page.



 2. You must include a Table of Contents with page numbers for each component of
the application to facilitate review.



 3. Your Executive Summary must include the items in 7 CFR 4284.510(c)(3), and
also discuss the percentage of work that will be performed among organizational
staff, consultants, or other contractors. It should not exceed two pages.



 4. Your Eligibility Discussion must not exceed two pages and cover how you meet
the eligibility requirements for applicant, matching funds, other eligibility
requirements and grant period. If you have an existing RCDG or the
Socially-Disadvantaged Groups Grant (SDGG) program, you must discuss the current
status of those award(s) under grant period eligibility.



 5. Your Proposal Narrative must not exceed 40 pages and should describe the
essential aspects of the project.



 i. You are only required to have one title page for the proposal.



 ii. If you list the evaluation criteria on the Table of Contents and
specifically and individually address each criterion in narrative form, then it
is not necessary for you to include an Information Sheet. Otherwise, the
Information Sheet is required under 7 CFR 4284.510(c)(ii).



 iii. You should include the following under Goals of the Project:



 A. A statement that substantiates that the Center will effectively serve rural
areas in the United States;



 B. A statement that the primary objective of the Center will be to improve the
economic condition of rural areas through cooperative development;



 C. A description of the contributions that the proposed activities are likely
to make to the improvement of the economic conditions of the rural areas for
which the Center will provide services. Expected economic impacts should be tied
to tasks included in the work plan and budget; and



 D. A statement that the Center, in carrying out its activities, will seek,
where appropriate, the advice, participation, expertise, and assistance of
representatives of business, industry, educational institutions, the Federal
government, and State and local governments.



 iv. The Agency has established annual performance evaluation measures to
evaluate the RCDG program. You must provide estimates on the following
performance evaluation measures.



     Number of groups who are not legal entities assisted.

     Number of businesses that are not cooperatives assisted.

     Number of cooperatives assisted.

     Number of businesses incorporated that are not cooperatives.

     Number of cooperatives incorporated.

     Total number of jobs created as a result of assistance.

     Total number of jobs saved as a result of assistance.

     Number of jobs created for the Center as a result of RCDG funding.

     Number of jobs saved for the Center as a result of RCDG funding.



 It is permissible to have a zero in a performance element. When you calculate
jobs created, estimates should be based upon actual jobs to be created by your
organization as a result of the RCDG funding or actual jobs to be created by
cooperative businesses or other businesses as a result of assistance from your
organization. When you calculate jobs saved, estimates should be based only on
actual jobs that would have been lost if your organization did not receive RCDG
funding or actual jobs that would have been lost without assistance from your
organization.



 v. You can also suggest additional performance elements for example where job
creation or jobs saved may not be a relevant indicator (e.g. housing). These
additional criteria should be specific, measurable performance elements that
could be included in an award document.



 vi. You must describe in the application how you will undertake to do each of
the following. We would prefer if you described these undertakings within
proposal evaluation criteria to reduce duplication in your application. The
specific proposal evaluation criterion where you should address each undertaking
is noted below.



 A. Take all practicable steps to develop continuing sources of financial
support for the Center, particularly from sources in the private sector (should
be presented under proposal evaluation criterion j., utilizing the specific
requirements of Section E.1.j.);



 B. Make arrangements for the Center's activities to be monitored and evaluated
(should be addressed under proposal evaluation criterion number h. utilizing the
specific requirements of Section E.1.h.); and



 C. Provide an accounting for the money received by the grantee in accordance
with 7 CFR part 4284, subpart F. This should be addressed under proposal
evaluation criterion number a., utilizing the specific requirements of Section
E.1.a.



 vii. You should present the Work Plan and Budget proposal element under
proposal evaluation criterion number h., utilizing the specific requirements of
Section E.1.h. of this Notice to reduce duplication in your application.



 viii. You should present the Delivery of Cooperative development assistance
proposal element under proposal evaluation criterion number b., utilizing the
specific requirements of Section E.1.b. of this Notice.



 ix. You should present the Qualifications of Personnel proposal element under
proposal evaluation criterion number i., utilizing the specific requirements of
Section E.1.i. of this Notice.



 x. You should present the Local Support and Future Support proposal elements
under proposal evaluation criterion number j., utilizing the requirements of
Section E.1.j. of this Notice.



 xi. Your application will not be considered for funding if you do not address
all of the proposal evaluation criteria. See Section E.1. of this Notice for a
description of the proposal evaluation criteria.



 xii. Only appendices A-C will be considered when evaluating your application.
You must not include resumes of staff or consultants in the application.



 6. You must certify that there are no current outstanding Federal judgments
against your property and that you will not use grant funds to pay for any
judgment obtained by the United States. To satisfy the Certification
requirement, you should include this statement in your application: "[INSERT
NAME OF APPLICANT] certifies that the United States has not obtained an
unsatisfied judgment against its property, is not delinquent on the payment of
Federal income taxes, or any Federal debt, and will not use grant funds to pay
any judgments obtained by the United States." A separate signature is not
required.



 7. You must certify that matching funds will be available at the same time
grant funds are anticipated to be spent and that expenditures of matching funds
are pro-rated or spent in advance of grant funding, such that for every dollar
of the total project cost, not less than the required amount of matching funds
will be expended. Please note that this Certification is a separate requirement
from the Verification of Matching Funds requirement. To satisfy the
Certification requirement, you should include this statement in your
application: "[INSERT NAME OF APPLICANT] certifies that matching funds will be
available at the same time grant funds are anticipated to be spent and that
expenditures of matching funds shall be pro-rated or spent in advance of grant
funding, such that for every dollar of the total project cost, at least 25 cents
(5 cents for 1994 Institutions) of matching funds will be expended." A separate
signature is not required.



 8. You must provide documentation in your application to verify all of your
proposed matching funds. The documentation must be included in Appendix A of
your application and will not count towards the 40-page limitation. Template
letters are available for each type of matching funds contribution at
http://www.rd.usda.gov/programs-services/rural-cooperative-development-grant
-program.



 a. If matching funds are to be provided in cash, you must meet the following
requirements.



     You: The application must include a statement verifying (1) the amount of
the cash and (2) the source of the cash. You may also provide a bank statement
dated 30 days or less from the application deadline date to verify your cash
match.

     Third-party: The application must include a signed letter from the third
party verifying (1) how much cash will be donated and (2) that it will be
available corresponding to the proposed grant period or donated on a specific
date within the grant period.



 b. If matching funds are to be provided by an in-kind donation, you must meet
the following requirements.



     You: The application must include a signed letter from you or your
authorized representative verifying (1) the nature of the goods and/or services
to be donated and how they will be used, (2) when the goods and/or services will
be donated (i.e., corresponding to the proposed grant period or to specific
dates within the grant period), and (3) the value of the goods and/or services.
Please note that most applicant contributions for the RCDG program are
considered applicant cash match in accordance with this Notice. If you are
unsure, please contact your State Office because identifying your matching funds
improperly can affect your scoring.

     Third-Party: The application must include a signed letter from the third
party verifying (1) the nature of the goods and/or services to be donated and
how they will be used, (2) when the goods and/or services will be donated (i.e.,
corresponding to the proposed grant period or to specific dates within the grant
period), and (3) the value of the goods and/or services.



 To ensure that you are identifying and verifying your matching funds
appropriately, please note the following:



     If you are paying for goods and/or services as part of the matching funds
requirement, the expenditure is considered a cash match, and you must verify it
as such. Universities must verify the goods and services they are providing to
the project as a cash match and the verification must be approved by the
appropriate approval official (i.e., sponsored programs office or equivalent).

     If you have already received cash from a third-party (i.e., Foundation)
before the start of your proposed grant period, you must verify this as your own
cash match and not as a third-party cash match. If you are receiving cash from a
third-party during the grant period, then you must be verifying the cash as a
third-party cash match.

     Board resolutions for a cash match must be approved at the time of
application.

     You can only consider goods or services for which no expenditure is made as
an in-kind contribution.

     If a non-profit or another organization contributes the services of
affiliated volunteers, they must follow the third-party, in-kind donation
verification requirement for each individual volunteer.

     Expected program income may not be used to fulfill your matching funds
requirement at the time you submit your application. However, if you have a
contract to provide services in place at the time you submit your application,
you can verify the amount of the contract as a cash match.

     The valuation process you use for in-kind contributions does not need to be
included in your application, but you must be able to demonstrate how the
valuation was derived if you are awarded a grant. The grant award may be
withdrawn or the amount of the grant reduced if you cannot demonstrate how the
valuation was derived.



 Successful applicants must comply with requirements identified in Section F,
Federal Award Administration.

 3. Dun and Bradstreet Data Universal Numbering System (DUNS) and System for
Awards Management (SAM)



 In order to be eligible (unless you are excepted under 2 CFR 25.110(b), (c) or
(d), you are required to:



 (a) Provide a valid DUNS number in your application, which can be obtained at
no cost via a toll-free request line at (866) 705-5711;



 (b) Register in SAM before submitting your application. You may register in SAM
at no cost at https://www.sam.gov/portal/public/SAM/. You must provide your SAM
Cage Code and expiration date or evidence that you have begun the SAM
registration process at time of application, and



 (c) Continue to maintain an active SAM registration with current information at
all times during which you have an active Federal award or an application or
plan under consideration by a Federal awarding agency.



 If you have not fully complied with all applicable DUNS and SAM requirements,
the Agency may determine that the applicant is not qualified to receive a
Federal award and the Agency may use that determination as a basis for making an
award to another applicant. Please refer to Section F.2 for additional
submission requirements that apply to grantees selected for this program.

 4. Submission Dates and Times



 Application Deadline Date: June 2, 2017.



 Explanation of Deadlines: Complete applications must be submitted on paper or
electronically according to the following deadlines:



 Paper applications must be postmarked and mailed, shipped, or sent overnight no
later than June 2, 2017, to be eligible for grant funding. The Agency will
determine whether your application is late based on the date shown on the
postmark or shipping invoice. You may also hand carry your application to one of
our field offices, but it must be received by close of business on the deadline
date. If the due date falls on a Saturday, Sunday, or Federal holiday, the
reporting package is due the next business day. Late applications will
automatically be deemed ineligible.



 Electronic applications must be received by http://www.grants.gov no later than
midnight Eastern Time May 26, 2017, to be eligible for grant funding. Please
review the Grants.gov Web site at http://grants.
gov/applicants/organization_registration.jsp for instructions on the process of
registering your organization as soon as possible to ensure you are able to meet
the electronic application deadline. Grants.gov will not accept applications
submitted after the deadline.

 5. Intergovernmental Review of Applications



 Executive Order (E.O.) 12372, "Intergovernmental Review of Federal Programs,"
applies to this program. This E.O. requires that Federal agencies provide
opportunities for consultation on proposed assistance with State and local
governments. Many States have established a Single Point of Contact (SPOC) to
facilitate this consultation. For a list of States that maintain a SPOC, please
see the White House Web site: http://www.whitehouse.gov/omb/grants_spoc. If your
State has a SPOC, you may submit a copy of the application directly for review.
Any comments obtained through the SPOC must be provided to your State Office for
consideration as part of your application. If your State has not established a
SPOC, or if you do not want to submit a copy of the application, our State
Offices will submit your application to the SPOC or other appropriate agency or
agencies.

 6. Funding Restrictions



 a. Project funds, including grant and matching funds, cannot be used for
ineligible grant purposes (see 7 CFR 4284.10). Also, you shall not use project
funds for the following:



     To purchase, rent, or install laboratory equipment or processing machinery;


     To pay for the operating costs of any entity receiving assistance from the
Center;

     To pay costs of the project where a conflict of interest exists;

     To fund any activities prohibited by 2 CFR part 200; or

     To fund any activities considered unallowable by 2 CFR part 200, subpart E,
"Cost Principles," and the Federal Acquisition Regulation (for-profits) or
successor regulations.



 b. In addition, your application will not be considered for funding if it does
any of the following:



     Focuses assistance on only one cooperative or mutually-owned business;

     Requests more than the maximum grant amount; or

     Proposes ineligible costs that equal more than 10 percent of total project
costs. The ineligible costs will NOT be removed at this stage to proceed with
application processing. For purposes of this determination, the grant amount
requested plus the matching funds amount constitutes the total project costs.



 We will consider your application for funding if it includes ineligible costs
of 10 percent or less of total project costs, as long as the remaining costs are
determined eligible otherwise. However, if your application is successful, those
ineligible costs must be removed and replaced with eligible costs before the
Agency will make the grant award, or the amount of the grant award will be
reduced accordingly. If we cannot determine the percentage of ineligible costs,
your application will not be considered for funding.

 7. Other Submission Requirements



 a. You should not submit your application in more than one format. You must
choose whether to submit your application in hard copy or electronically.
Applications submitted in hard copy should be mailed or hand-delivered to the
State Office located in the State where you are headquartered. You can find
State Office contact information at:
http://www.rd.usda.gov/contact-us/state-offices. To submit an application
electronically, you must follow the instruction for this funding announcement at
http://www.grants.gov. A password is not required to access the Web site.



 b. National Environmental Policy Act.



 All recipients under this Notice are subject to the requirements of 7 CFR part
1970. However, technical assistance awards under this Notice are classified as a
Categorical Exclusion according to 7 CFR 1970.53(b), and usually do not require
any additional documentation.



 The Agency will review each grant application to determine its compliance with
7 CFR part 1970. The applicant may be asked to provide additional information or
documentation to assist the Agency with this determination.



 c. Civil Rights Compliance Requirements.



 All grants made under this Notice are subject to Title VI of the Civil Rights
Act of 1964 as required by the USDA (7 CFR part 15, subpart A) and Section 504
of the Rehabilitation Act of 1973.

 E. Application Review Information



 The State Offices will review applications to determine if they are eligible
for assistance based on requirements in 7 CFR part 4284, subparts A and F, this
Notice, and other applicable Federal regulations. If determined eligible, your
application will be scored by a panel of USDA employees in accordance with the
point allocation specified in this Notice. A recommendation will be submitted to
the Administrator to fund applications in highest ranking order. Applications
that cannot be fully funded may be offered partial funding at the Agency's
discretion.

 1. Scoring Criteria



 Scoring criteria will follow criteria published at 7 CFR 4284.513 as
supplemented below including any amendments made by the Section 6013 of the
Food, Conservation, and Energy Act of 2008 (Pub. L. 110-234), which is
incorporated by reference in this Notice. The regulatory and statutory criteria
are clarified and supplemented below. You should also include information as
described in Section D.2.e.5.vi. if you choose to address these items under the
scoring criteria. Evaluators will base scores only on the information provided
or cross-referenced by page number in each individual evaluation criterion. The
maximum amount of points available is 100. Newly established or proposed Centers
that do not yet have a track record on which to evaluate the following criteria
should refer to the expertise and track records of staff or consultants expected
to perform tasks related to the respective criteria. Proposed or newly
established Centers must be organized well-enough at time of application to
address its capabilities for meeting these criteria.



 a. Administrative capabilities (maximum score of 10 points). A panel of USDA
employees will evaluate your demonstrated track record in carrying out
activities in support of development assistance to cooperatively and mutually
owned businesses. At a minimum, you must discuss the following administrative
capabilities:



 1. Financial systems and audit controls;



 2. Personnel and program administration performance measures;



 3. Clear written rules of governance; and



 4. Experience administering Federal grant funding no later than the last 5
years, including but not limited to past RCDGs. Please list the name of the
Federal grant program(s) and the amount(s) of funding received.



 You will score higher on this criterion if you can demonstrate that the Center
has independent governance. For applicants that are universities or parent
organizations, you should demonstrate that there is a separate board of
directors for the Center.



 b. Technical assistance and other services (maximum score of 10 points). A
panel of USDA employees will evaluate your demonstrated expertise no later than
the last 5 years in providing technical assistance and accomplishing effective
outcomes in rural areas to promote and assist the development of cooperatively
and mutually owned businesses. You must discuss at least:



 1. Your potential for delivering effective technical assistance;



 2. The types of assistance provided;



 3. The expected effects of that assistance;



 4. The sustainability of organizations receiving the assistance; and



 5. The transferability of your cooperative development strategies and focus to
other areas of the U.S.



 A chart or table showing the outcomes of your demonstrated expertise based upon
the performance elements listed in Section D.2.e.5.iv. or as identified in your
award document on previous RCDG awards. At a minimum, please provide information
for FY 2013--FY 2015 awards. We prefer that you provide one chart or table
separating out award years. The intention here is for you to provide actual
performance numbers based upon award years even though your grant period for the
award was for the next calendar or fiscal year. Please provide a narrative
explanation if you have not received a RCDG award.



 You will score higher on this criterion if you provide more than 3 years of
outcomes and can demonstrate that the organizations you assisted within the last
5 years are sustainable. Additional outcome information should be provided on
RCDG grants awarded before FY 2013. Please describe specific project(s) when
addressing a-e of this paragraph.



 c. Economic development (maximum score of 10 points). A panel of USDA employees
will evaluate your demonstrated ability to facilitate:



 1. Establishment of cooperatives or mutually owned businesses;



 2. New cooperative approaches (i.e., organizing cooperatives among underserved
individuals or communities; an innovative market approach; a type of cooperative
currently not in your service area; a new cooperative structure; novel ways to
raise member equity or community capitalization; conversion of an existing
business to cooperative ownership); and



 3. Retention of businesses, generation of employment opportunities or other
factors, as applicable, that will otherwise improve the economic conditions of
rural areas.



 You will score higher on this criterion if you provide economic statistics
showing the impacts of your past development projects no later than 5 years old
and identify your role in the economic development outcomes.



 d. Past performance in establishing legal business entities (maximum score of
10 points). A panel of USDA employees will evaluate your demonstrated past
performance in establishing legal cooperative business entities and other legal
business entities during January 1, 2014-December 31, 2016. Provide the name of
the organization(s) established, the date of formation and your role in
assisting with the incorporation(s) under this criterion. In addition,
documentation verifying the establishment of legal business entities must be
included in Appendix C of your application and will not count against the
40-page limit for the narrative. The documentation must include proof that
organizational documents were filed with the Secretary of State's Office (i.e.
Certificate of Incorporation or information from the State's official Web site
naming the entity established and the date of establishment); or if the business
entity is not required to register with the Secretary of State, a certification
from the business entity that a legal business entity has been established and
when. Please note that you are not required to submit articles of incorporation
to receive points under this criterion. You will score higher on this criterion
if you have established legal cooperative businesses.



 e. Networking and regional focus (maximum score of 10 points). A panel of USDA
employees will evaluate your demonstrated commitment to:



 1. Networking with other cooperative development centers, and other
organizations involved in rural economic development efforts, and



 2. Developing multi-organization and multi-state approaches to addressing the
economic development and cooperative needs of rural areas.



 You will score higher on this criterion if you can demonstrate the outcomes of
your multi-organizational and multi-state approaches. Please describe the
project(s), partners and the outcome(s) that resulted from the approach.



 f. Commitment (maximum score of 10 points). A panel of USDA employees will
evaluate your commitment to providing technical assistance and other services to
under-served and economically distressed areas in rural areas of the United
States. You will score higher on this criterion if you define and describe the
underserved and economically distressed areas within your service area, provide
statistics, and identify projects within or affecting these areas, as
appropriate.



 g. Matching Funds (maximum score of 10 points). A panel of USDA employees will
evaluate your commitment for the 25 percent (5 percent for 1994 Institutions)
matching funds requirement. A chart or table should be provided to describe all
matching funds being committed to the project. However, formal documentation to
verify all of the matching funds must be included in Appendix A of your
application. You will be scored on how you identify your matching funds.



 1. If you met the 25 percent (5 percent for 1994 Institutions) matching
requirement, points will be assigned as follows:



     In-kind only--1 point,

     Mix of in-kind and cash--3-4 points (maximum points will be awarded if the
ratio of cash to in-kind is 30 percent and above of matching funds), or

     Cash only--5 points.



 2. If you exceeded the 25 percent (5 percent for 1994 Institutions) matching
requirement, points will be assigned as follows:



     In-kind only--2 points,

     Mix of in-kind and cash--6-7 points (maximum points will be awarded if the
ratio of cash to in-kind is 30 percent and above of matching funds), or

     Cash only--10 points.



 h. Work Plan/Budget (maximum score of 10 points). A panel of USDA employees
will evaluate your work plan for detailed actions and an accompanying timetable
for implementing the proposal. The budget must present a breakdown of the
estimated costs associated with cooperative and business development activities
as well as the operation of the Center and allocate these costs to each of the
tasks to be undertaken. Matching funds as well as grant funds must be accounted
for in the budget.



 You must discuss at a minimum:



 1. Specific tasks (whether it be by type of service or specific project) to be
completed using grant and matching funds;



 2. How customers will be identified;



 3. Key personnel; and



 4. The evaluation methods to be used to determine the success of specific tasks
and overall objectives of Center operations. Please provide qualitative methods
of evaluation. For example, evaluation methods should go beyond quantitative
measurements of completing surveys or number of evaluations.



 You will score higher on this criterion if you present a clear, logical,
realistic, and efficient work plan and budget.



 i. Qualifications of those Performing the Tasks (maximum score of 10 points). A
panel of USDA employees will evaluate your application to determine if the
personnel expected to perform key tasks have a track record of:



 1. Positive solutions for complex cooperative development and/or marketing
problems; or



 2. A successful record of conducting accurate feasibility studies, business
plans, marketing analysis, or other activities relevant to your success as
determined by the tasks identified in the work plan; and



 3. Whether the personnel expected to perform the tasks are full/part-time
employees of your organization or are contract personnel.



 You will score higher on this criterion if you demonstrate commitment and
availability of qualified personnel expected to perform the tasks.



 j. Local and Future Support (maximum score of 10 points). A panel of USDA
employees will evaluate your application for local and future support. Support
should be discussed directly within the response to this criterion.



 1. Discussion on local support should include previous and/or expected local
support and plans for coordinating with other developmental organizations in the
proposed service area or with state and local government institutions. You will
score higher if you demonstrate strong support from potential beneficiaries and
formal evidence of intent to coordinate with other developmental organizations.
You may also submit a maximum of 10 letters of support or intent to coordinate
with the application to verify your discussion. These letters should be included
in Appendix B of your application and will not count against the 40-page limit
for the narrative.



 2. Discussion on future support will include your vision for funding operations
in future years. You should document:



 (i) New and existing funding sources that support your goals;



 (ii) Alternative funding sources that reduce reliance on Federal, State, and
local grants; and



 (iii) The use of in-house personnel for providing services versus contracting
out for that expertise. Please discuss your strategy for building in-house
technical assistance capacity.



 You will score higher if you can demonstrate that your future support will
result in long-term sustainability of the Center.

 2. Review and Selection Process



 The State Offices will review applications to determine if they are eligible
for assistance based on requirements in 7 CFR part 4284, subparts A and F, this
Notice, and other applicable Federal regulations. If determined eligible, your
application will be scored by a panel of USDA employees in accordance with the
point allocation specified in this Notice. A recommendation will be submitted to
the Administrator to fund applications in highest ranking order. Applications
that cannot be fully funded may be offered partial funding at the Agency's
discretion. If your application is evaluated, but not funded, it will not be
carried forward into the next competition.

 F. Federal Award Administration Information

 1. Federal Award Notices



 If you are selected for funding, you will receive a signed notice of Federal
award by postal mail from the State Office where your application was submitted,
containing instructions on requirements necessary to proceed with execution and
performance of the award.



 If you are not selected for funding, you will be notified in writing via postal
mail and informed of any review and appeal rights. You must comply with all
applicable statutes, regulations, and notice requirements before the grant award
will be approved. There will be no available funds for successful appellants
once all FY 2017 funds are awarded and obligated. See 7 CFR part 11 for USDA
National Appeals Division procedures.

 2. Administrative and National Policy Requirements



 Additional requirements that apply to grantees selected for this program can be
found in 7 CFR part 4284, subpart F; the Grants and Agreements regulations of
the Department of Agriculture codified in 2 CFR parts 180, 400, 415, 417, 418,
421; 2 CFR parts 25 and 170; and 48 CFR 31.2, and successor regulations to these
parts.



 In addition, all recipients of Federal financial assistance are required to
report information about first-tier subawards and executive compensation (see 2
CFR part 170). You will be required to have the necessary processes and systems
in place to comply with the Federal Funding Accountability and Transparency Act
of 2006 (Pub. L. 109-282) reporting requirements (see 2 CFR 170.200(b), unless
you are exempt under 2 CFR 170.110(b)).



 The following additional requirements apply to grantees selected for this
program:



     Agency-approved Grant Agreement.

     Letter of Conditions.

     Form RD 1940-1, "Request for Obligation of Funds."

     Form RD 1942-46, "Letter of Intent to Meet Conditions."

     Form AD-1047, "Certification Regarding Debarment, Suspension, and Other
Responsibility Matters-Primary Covered Transactions."

     Form AD-1048, "Certification Regarding Debarment, Suspension, Ineligibility
and Voluntary Exclusion-Lower Tier Covered Transactions."

     Form AD-1049, "Certification Regarding Drug-Free Workplace Requirements (
Grants)."

     Form RD 400-4, "Assurance Agreement."

     SF LLL, "Disclosure of Lobbying Activities," if applicable.

     Form AD-3031, "Assurance Regarding Felony Conviction or Tax Delinquent
Status for Corporate Applicants." Must be signed by corporate applicants who
receive an award under this Notice.



 3. Reporting



 After grant approval and through grant completion, you will be required to
provide the following:



 a. A SF-425, "Federal Financial Report," and a project performance report will
be required on a semiannual basis (due 30 working days after end of the
semiannual period). The project performance reports shall include the following:
A comparison of actual accomplishments to the objectives established for that
period;



 b. Reasons why established objectives were not met, if applicable;



 c. Reasons for any problems, delays, or adverse conditions, if any, which have
affected or will affect attainment of overall project objectives, prevent
meeting time schedules or objectives, or preclude the attainment of particular
objectives during established time periods. This disclosure shall be accompanied
by a statement of the action taken or planned to resolve the situation; and



 d. Objectives and timetable established for the next reporting period.



 e. Provide a final project and financial status report within 90 days after the
expiration or termination of the grant.



 f. Provide outcome project performance reports and final deliverables.

 G. Agency Contacts



 If you have questions about this Notice, please contact the appropriate State
Office at http://www.rd.usda.gov/contact-us/state-offices. Program guidance as
well as application and matching funds templates may be obtained at
http://www.rd.usda.gov/programs-services/rural-cooperative-development-grant
-program. If you want to submit an electronic application, follow the
instructions for the RCDG funding announcement located at http://www.grants.gov.
You may also contact National Office staff: Natalie Melton, RCDG Program Lead,
natalie.melton@wdc.usda.gov, or call the main line at 202-690-1374.

 H. Nondiscrimination Statement



 In accordance with Federal civil rights law and U.S. Department of Agriculture
(USDA) civil rights regulations and policies, the USDA, its Agencies, offices,
and employees, and institutions participating in or administering USDA programs
are prohibited from discriminating based on race, color, national origin,
religion, sex, gender identity (including gender expression), sexual
orientation, disability, age, marital status, family/parental status, income
derived from a public assistance program, political beliefs, or reprisal or
retaliation for prior civil rights activity, in any program or activity
conducted or funded by USDA (not all bases apply to all programs). Remedies and
complaint filing deadlines vary by program or incident.



 Persons with disabilities who require alternative means of communication for
program information (e.g., Braille, large print, audiotape, American Sign
Language, etc.) should contact the responsible Agency or USDA's TARGET Center at
(202) 720-2600 (voice and TTY) or contact USDA through the Federal Relay Service
at (800) 877-8339. Additionally, program information may be made available in
languages other than English.



 To file a program discrimination complaint, complete the USDA Program
Discrimination Complaint Form, AD-3027, found online at
http://www.ascr.usda.gov/complaint_filing_cust.html and at any USDA office or
write a letter addressed to USDA and provide in the letter all of the
information requested in the form. To request a copy of the complaint form, call
(866) 632-9992. Submit your completed form or letter to USDA by:



 (1) Mail: U.S. Department of Agriculture, Office of the Assistant Secretary for
Civil Rights, 1400 Independence Avenue SW., Washington, DC 20250-9410;



 (2) Fax: (202) 690-7442; or



 (3) Email: program.intake@usda.gov

 Dated: March 15, 2017.

 Mark Brodziski,

 Acting Administrator, Rural Business-Cooperative Service.

 [FR Doc. 2017-05600 Filed 3-21-17; 8:45 am]

 BILLING CODE 3410-XY-P



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: March 23, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2017 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              264 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                              The Bismarck Tribune

                             May 20, 2000 Saturday

BRIEFLY

LENGTH: 901 words


Vandalism suspect enters innocent plea WILLISTON (AP) -- A man accused of
helping vandalize the junior high school here on Easter has pleaded innocent.
Randy Kalabza, 19, of Williston, entered the pleas this week to felony charges
of burglary, accomplice to criminal mischief, possession of drug paraphernalia,
unlawful entry into a vehicle and unlawful use of a vehicle. He also faces some
misdemeanor charges. The charges relating to the vehicle are linked to a stolen
pickup allegedly used in the vandalism incident. Kalabza and Jamie Gohl, 20,
allegedly shattered windows and glass throughout the school and sprayed fire
extinguishers throughout classrooms and the kitchen area. Arraignments for Gohl
and Ryan Riveland, 19, are set for Tuesday. Riveland is charged in connection
with the stolen pickup.

Two economic zones, co-op get grants Two economic development zones in North
Dakota and a rural electric cooperative group are getting $815,000 in federal
grants. The money will help the zones and the North Dakota Association of Rural
Electric Cooperatives in their quest to stem population loss by creating jobs
through economic development projects, said Sen. Byron Dorgan, D-N.D. North
Dakota has two zones -- the Southwest Rural Economic Area Partnership, which
includes eight counties and the Fort Berthold Indian Reservation; and the Center
of North America Coalition, which includes six counties and the Turtle Mountain
and Spirit Lake reservations. The zones are getting $615,000 for
video-conferencing and computer lab equipment, and the REC is getting $200,000
to develop e-commerce initiatives in rural North Dakota. -- Associated Press

United Way raises fund-raising goals GRAND FORKS (AP) -- The United Way has
raised its fund-raising goals here to record levels over the next two years. The
organization hopes to raise $900,000 this year and $1 million next year to
support more than 30 local agencies, including the Salvation Army and American
Red Cross. Last year, the United Way fell $30,000 short of its goal of $840,000.
"For our agency to jump to $900,000 this year is definitely going to be on the
aggressive side of things," said president Pat Berger. Berger said a study done
last fall showed that only 45 percent of potential donors in the community were
being asked to give to United Way.

Crew finds endangered pallid sturgeon OMAHA, Neb. (AP) -- A Nebraska Game and
Parks Commission crew made a rare catch from the Missouri River near
Plattsmouth. The crew on Wednesday landed, then released, an endangered pallid
sturgeon while trolling in a study of the bottom-dwelling fish. Pallid sturgeon
is one of the endangered species considered a key issue in a new management plan
being developed by federal agencies for the Missouri River. The netted sturgeon
was 49 inches long and weighed about 10 pounds. It had no identification tags,
which means it probably was spawned and raised in the wild, said Gerald Mestl,
Missouri River program coordinator for the Game and Parks Commission. The
commission had tagged hatchery-raised sturgeon in a Platte River stocking of the
species in recent years. The only evidence biologists have had in 30 years that
the species still reproduced in the wild was a tiny pallid sturgeon caught last
August near Columbia, Mo.

Downtown businesses unsure of future FARGO (AP) -- Two downtown buildings
damaged in a fire last month that destroyed three other buildings have been
deemed structurally sound, but the future for their business tenants is
uncertain. Jeanne Anderson, who owns Catherine's Collectibles, has reopened in a
temporary location across the street. The Crown Jewels jewelry store, owned by
John Stephens, reopened two weeks ago. Both business owners say they don't know
if they will continue to operate in their damaged buildings. Anderson said a big
factor in her decision will be what happens with the three lots left vacant by
the fire. "Depending on what happens, I might have a prime retail spot there
(or) I might not," she said. Jeff Schlossman, who owns one of the three vacant
parcels, said there has been some interest in the property, but nothing solid.
"It's such a good location, I think all the owners would like to see it
redeveloped," he said. The April 30 fire started in Tropics nightclub. The
nightclub's owner, John Michael "Mike" Maurer, is accused of starting the blaze.

Texas OKs merger involving NSP MINNEAPOLIS (AP) -- The Public Utility Commission
of Texas approved Northern States Power Co.'s merger with Denver-based New
Century Energies Inc. on Thursday, leaving just one federal agency to rule on
it. Minnesota and seven other states earlier approved the merger, which would
create a $6 billion holding company called Xcel Energy Inc., based in
Minneapolis. The U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission is expected to rule
within the next several weeks. The Federal Energy Regulatory Commission, the
U.S. Justice Department and the Nuclear Regulatory Commission have approved the
merger. "We are extremely pleased with the rapid progress we are making with our
merger, said Wayne Brunetti, chairman and chief executive of NCE who will serve
as president and chief executive of Xcel. NSP and NCE announced their merger
proposal in March 1999, saying it was expected to result in about $1.1 billion
in savings over 10 years. The merged company would serve customers in 12
Southwestern and Midwestern states.

LOAD-DATE: May 15, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


       Copyright 2000 The Bismarck Tribune, a division of Lee Enterprises
                              All Rights Reserved


                              265 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                                Hull Daily Mail

                                October 27, 1998

New life for old buildings in country

SECTION: Business: Development, Pg.9

LENGTH: 170 words


A GOVERNMENT agency is offering grants to turn empty buildings into workplaces
to help regenerate the rural economy in East Yorkshire.

The Rural Development Commission will provide grants of up to 25 per cent of the
cost of doing up buildings for industrial use.

Andy Tordoff, the commission's business development officer in Yorkshire and the
Humber region, said: "The environmental advantages in transforming existing
redundant buldings are significant."

Old schools, chapels, farms, former workshops and factories all qualify for
grant aid.

"Virtually any building can be eligible in a rural development area but the key
is that it must be used for business purposes," said Mr Tordoff.
Applications have to be made before work starts and can be made by businesses,
                  co-operatives, charitable trusts, partnerships or individuals.


For details write to Andy Tordoff or Claire Jackson at the Rural Development
Commission Regional Office, Spitfire House, Aviator Court, Clifton Moor, York
YO30 4GR.

LOAD-DATE: October 28, 1998

LANGUAGE: English

                         Copyright 1998 Hull Daily Mail


                              266 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               India Energy News

                    November 12, 2014 Wednesday 6:30 AM EST

Electric Co-Ops' Eddie Miller Receives National Award From USDA Secretary Thomas
Vilsack

LENGTH: 404  words


Nov. 12 -- US-based North Carolina's Electric Cooperatives issued the following
news release:

Eddie Miller, vice president of community development for North Carolina's
electric cooperatives, along with David Thigpen, USDA-NC's business program
specialist, received the Secretary's Honor Award for enhancing the economic
vitality and quality of life in rural America.

Secretary Thomas Vilsack presented the award at a ceremony in Washington, D.C.
on Nov. 6.  Miller and Thigpen were nominated by Randall Gore, state director
for USDA.

The pair was recognized for their significant work in increasing use of the
Rural Economic Development Loan and Grant (REDLG) program.  As a result of their
efforts, a number of the state's electric cooperatives committed support to the
program, which requires a 20 percent financial match to grant requests.  This
match goes into a revolving loan fund which continues to support future
projects.

The projects funded over the past three years under the leadership of Miller and
Thigpen include projects in community development, energy, education and
manufacturing.  Each of the projects is complete or in progress as the result of
funding received through the REDLG program, resulting in more than $372 million
in investments, and creating or retaining 1,700 jobs in rural North Carolina.

"The credit for these achievements must go to the boards and senior management
of the local electric cooperatives," Miller said.  "Their support of the REDLG
program reflects their commitment to their communities, and as a result North
Carolina has had more REDLG-supported projects than any other state in the
nation."

Among the projects funded* through the REDLG program are:

* Hoke County sewer expansion, (Lumbee River EMC), $14.6 million and 300-plus
jobs

* Gildan Yarns, Davie County, (EnergyUnited), $116.5 million and 292 jobs

* Town of Troy, Wright Foods expansion, $53 million, 505 jobs

* Klausner Lumber, Halifax County, (Halifax EMC), $110 million, 350 jobs.

*Please note, amounts listed are total investments.

Other community development projects included fire-fighting equipment for three
communities, (Piedmont EMC), $1.3 million, and a landfill gas to electricity
project (Edgecombe-Martin County EMC), $1.7 million.

North Carolina's electric cooperatives provide energy to 2.5 million people in
93 of 100 counties, primarily in rural parts of the state.

Source: North Carolina's Electric Cooperatives

LOAD-DATE: November 13, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


                           Copyright 2014 Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              267 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          September 25, 2014 Thursday

Nevada: USDA Announces $59 Million in Loans and Grants to Increase Economic
Opportunity, Support Rural Microenterprise Development

LENGTH: 887  words

DATELINE: Carson City


The State of Nevada has issued the following news release:

USDA Rural Development Acting Under Secretary Doug O'Brien today announced the
selection of 85 utilities and development organizations for loans and grants to
support rural business activities that will boost economic growth in rural
communities.

"These USDA investments capitalize rural small businesses, which allows the
owners to expand operations, enter into new markets and increase hiring,"
O'Brien said. "The investments we are announcing today include financing to
development organizations for microlending to very small rural businesses. Funds
are also being provided to utilities to pass on to local businesses for
development projects. These innovative programs increase economic opportunities
in rural areas - a top priority of Secretary Vilsack and President Obama."

O'Brien announced the rural business investments while in Kentucky with Governor
Steve Beshear, Congressman Hal Rogers, and the executive board of Shaping Our
Appalachian Region (SOAR)This is an external link or third-party site outside of
the United States Department of Agriculture (USDA) website. to discuss
investment opportunities in eastern Kentucky, including Promise Zones and
regional SOAR initiatives.

Funds are being provided through the Rural Economic Development Loan and Grant
Program (REDLG) and the Rural Microentrepreneur Assistance Program (RMAP). Under
the REDLG program, USDA provides zero-interest loans to local utilities which
then, in turn, relend the funds to local businesses (ultimate recipients) for
projects that will create and retain employment in rural areas. The program
funds business start-up or expansion, business incubators, education and
training facilities and equipment, community development assistance, health care
and other projects that support rural jobs.

Under RMAP, USDA provides loans to Microenterprise Development Organizations
(MDOs) that, in turn, make microloans for business start-up or development to
eligible microentrepreneurs defined as very small businesses with 10 or fewer
employees. Grants are available for MDOs to provide technical assistance and
training, particularly in rural areas experiencing persistent poverty or
significant outmigration. USDA does not directly provide funds to the ultimate
recipients.

The Rural Microentrepreneur Assistance Program was created under the 2008 Farm
Bill and recently reauthorized through the 2014 Farm Bill.

The Kentucky Highlands Investment Corporation is receiving a $500,000 RMAP loan
to capitalize a revolving loan fund to provide microloans to very small
businesses in 19 counties designated by the Appalachian Regional Commission as
distressed communities. The Kentucky Highlands Investment Corporation is the
lead organization carrying out the state's Promise Zone initiative. Its Promise
Zone work was made possible through the financial support from USDA.

MEDI, Inc., is receiving a $400,000 RMAP loan and $100,000 RMAP grant to serve
as a microlender and technical assistance provider for very small rural
businesses throughout Kentucky.

Since the start of the Obama Administration, Rural Development has invested more
than $4.4 billion in Kentucky. The agency is targeting assistance to persistent
poverty areas in Appalachian Kentucky through the USDA StrikeForce Initiative
for Rural Growth and Opportunity, and will continue its work with Governor
Beshear and his staff, the Kentucky Congressional Delegation, other federal
agencies, SOAR officials and community leaders throughout the region to benefit
rural communities in the impacted areas.

At the national level, the USDA investments are meeting a wide variety of
business and manufacturing needs across rural America. For example, in South
Carolina, the Santee Electric Cooperative is receiving a $1 million Rural
Economic Development loan to support the local "Help My House program," which
makes energy efficiency improvements in the rural areas of Williamsburg,
Georgetown, Clarendon and Florence Counties. The Nodak Electric Cooperative in
North Dakota is receiving a $775,000 Rural Economic Development loan to help S&S
Grain, Inc. purchase and renovate a building in Walhalla, N.D., for grain
drying, handling and storage.

The Rural Economic Development Loan and Grant program directly supports the
Obama Administration's Investing in Manufacturing Communities Partnership (IMCP)
initiative to boost the manufacturing sector and create well-paying
manufacturing jobs, using economic development resources available through
existing Federal programs.

Through today's announcement, USDA is providing over $59 million in loans and
grants to 85 organizations in 31 states, including the District of Columbia, to
strengthen rural businesses and promote economic development. The funding is
contingent upon the recipients meeting the terms of their loan or grant
agreements.

President Obama's historic investments in rural America have made our rural
communities stronger. Under his leadership, these investments in housing,
community facilities, businesses and infrastructure have empowered rural America
to continue leading the way - strengthening America's economy, small towns and
rural communities.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.come

LOAD-DATE: September 25, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              268 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          September 25, 2014 Thursday

Nevada: USDA Announces $59 Million in Loans and Grants to Increase Economic
Opportunity, Support Rural Microenterprise Development

LENGTH: 887  words

DATELINE: Carson City


The State of Nevada has issued the following news release:

USDA Rural Development Acting Under Secretary Doug O'Brien today announced the
selection of 85 utilities and development organizations for loans and grants to
support rural business activities that will boost economic growth in rural
communities.

"These USDA investments capitalize rural small businesses, which allows the
owners to expand operations, enter into new markets and increase hiring,"
O'Brien said. "The investments we are announcing today include financing to
development organizations for microlending to very small rural businesses. Funds
are also being provided to utilities to pass on to local businesses for
development projects. These innovative programs increase economic opportunities
in rural areas - a top priority of Secretary Vilsack and President Obama."

O'Brien announced the rural business investments while in Kentucky with Governor
Steve Beshear, Congressman Hal Rogers, and the executive board of Shaping Our
Appalachian Region (SOAR)This is an external link or third-party site outside of
the United States Department of Agriculture (USDA) website. to discuss
investment opportunities in eastern Kentucky, including Promise Zones and
regional SOAR initiatives.

Funds are being provided through the Rural Economic Development Loan and Grant
Program (REDLG) and the Rural Microentrepreneur Assistance Program (RMAP). Under
the REDLG program, USDA provides zero-interest loans to local utilities which
then, in turn, relend the funds to local businesses (ultimate recipients) for
projects that will create and retain employment in rural areas. The program
funds business start-up or expansion, business incubators, education and
training facilities and equipment, community development assistance, health care
and other projects that support rural jobs.

Under RMAP, USDA provides loans to Microenterprise Development Organizations
(MDOs) that, in turn, make microloans for business start-up or development to
eligible microentrepreneurs defined as very small businesses with 10 or fewer
employees. Grants are available for MDOs to provide technical assistance and
training, particularly in rural areas experiencing persistent poverty or
significant outmigration. USDA does not directly provide funds to the ultimate
recipients.

The Rural Microentrepreneur Assistance Program was created under the 2008 Farm
Bill and recently reauthorized through the 2014 Farm Bill.

The Kentucky Highlands Investment Corporation is receiving a $500,000 RMAP loan
to capitalize a revolving loan fund to provide microloans to very small
businesses in 19 counties designated by the Appalachian Regional Commission as
distressed communities. The Kentucky Highlands Investment Corporation is the
lead organization carrying out the state's Promise Zone initiative. Its Promise
Zone work was made possible through the financial support from USDA.

MEDI, Inc., is receiving a $400,000 RMAP loan and $100,000 RMAP grant to serve
as a microlender and technical assistance provider for very small rural
businesses throughout Kentucky.

Since the start of the Obama Administration, Rural Development has invested more
than $4.4 billion in Kentucky. The agency is targeting assistance to persistent
poverty areas in Appalachian Kentucky through the USDA StrikeForce Initiative
for Rural Growth and Opportunity, and will continue its work with Governor
Beshear and his staff, the Kentucky Congressional Delegation, other federal
agencies, SOAR officials and community leaders throughout the region to benefit
rural communities in the impacted areas.

At the national level, the USDA investments are meeting a wide variety of
business and manufacturing needs across rural America. For example, in South
Carolina, the Santee Electric Cooperative is receiving a $1 million Rural
Economic Development loan to support the local "Help My House program," which
makes energy efficiency improvements in the rural areas of Williamsburg,
Georgetown, Clarendon and Florence Counties. The Nodak Electric Cooperative in
North Dakota is receiving a $775,000 Rural Economic Development loan to help S&S
Grain, Inc. purchase and renovate a building in Walhalla, N.D., for grain
drying, handling and storage.

The Rural Economic Development Loan and Grant program directly supports the
Obama Administration's Investing in Manufacturing Communities Partnership (IMCP)
initiative to boost the manufacturing sector and create well-paying
manufacturing jobs, using economic development resources available through
existing Federal programs.

Through today's announcement, USDA is providing over $59 million in loans and
grants to 85 organizations in 31 states, including the District of Columbia, to
strengthen rural businesses and promote economic development. The funding is
contingent upon the recipients meeting the terms of their loan or grant
agreements.

President Obama's historic investments in rural America have made our rural
communities stronger. Under his leadership, these investments in housing,
community facilities, businesses and infrastructure have empowered rural America
to continue leading the way - strengthening America's economy, small towns and
rural communities.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.come

LOAD-DATE: September 25, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              269 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          September 25, 2014 Thursday

Nevada: USDA Announces $59 Million in Loans and Grants to Increase Economic
Opportunity, Support Rural Microenterprise Development

LENGTH: 887  words

DATELINE: Carson City


The State of Nevada has issued the following news release:

USDA Rural Development Acting Under Secretary Doug O'Brien today announced the
selection of 85 utilities and development organizations for loans and grants to
support rural business activities that will boost economic growth in rural
communities.

"These USDA investments capitalize rural small businesses, which allows the
owners to expand operations, enter into new markets and increase hiring,"
O'Brien said. "The investments we are announcing today include financing to
development organizations for microlending to very small rural businesses. Funds
are also being provided to utilities to pass on to local businesses for
development projects. These innovative programs increase economic opportunities
in rural areas - a top priority of Secretary Vilsack and President Obama."

O'Brien announced the rural business investments while in Kentucky with Governor
Steve Beshear, Congressman Hal Rogers, and the executive board of Shaping Our
Appalachian Region (SOAR)This is an external link or third-party site outside of
the United States Department of Agriculture (USDA) website. to discuss
investment opportunities in eastern Kentucky, including Promise Zones and
regional SOAR initiatives.

Funds are being provided through the Rural Economic Development Loan and Grant
Program (REDLG) and the Rural Microentrepreneur Assistance Program (RMAP). Under
the REDLG program, USDA provides zero-interest loans to local utilities which
then, in turn, relend the funds to local businesses (ultimate recipients) for
projects that will create and retain employment in rural areas. The program
funds business start-up or expansion, business incubators, education and
training facilities and equipment, community development assistance, health care
and other projects that support rural jobs.

Under RMAP, USDA provides loans to Microenterprise Development Organizations
(MDOs) that, in turn, make microloans for business start-up or development to
eligible microentrepreneurs defined as very small businesses with 10 or fewer
employees. Grants are available for MDOs to provide technical assistance and
training, particularly in rural areas experiencing persistent poverty or
significant outmigration. USDA does not directly provide funds to the ultimate
recipients.

The Rural Microentrepreneur Assistance Program was created under the 2008 Farm
Bill and recently reauthorized through the 2014 Farm Bill.

The Kentucky Highlands Investment Corporation is receiving a $500,000 RMAP loan
to capitalize a revolving loan fund to provide microloans to very small
businesses in 19 counties designated by the Appalachian Regional Commission as
distressed communities. The Kentucky Highlands Investment Corporation is the
lead organization carrying out the state's Promise Zone initiative. Its Promise
Zone work was made possible through the financial support from USDA.

MEDI, Inc., is receiving a $400,000 RMAP loan and $100,000 RMAP grant to serve
as a microlender and technical assistance provider for very small rural
businesses throughout Kentucky.

Since the start of the Obama Administration, Rural Development has invested more
than $4.4 billion in Kentucky. The agency is targeting assistance to persistent
poverty areas in Appalachian Kentucky through the USDA StrikeForce Initiative
for Rural Growth and Opportunity, and will continue its work with Governor
Beshear and his staff, the Kentucky Congressional Delegation, other federal
agencies, SOAR officials and community leaders throughout the region to benefit
rural communities in the impacted areas.

At the national level, the USDA investments are meeting a wide variety of
business and manufacturing needs across rural America. For example, in South
Carolina, the Santee Electric Cooperative is receiving a $1 million Rural
Economic Development loan to support the local "Help My House program," which
makes energy efficiency improvements in the rural areas of Williamsburg,
Georgetown, Clarendon and Florence Counties. The Nodak Electric Cooperative in
North Dakota is receiving a $775,000 Rural Economic Development loan to help S&S
Grain, Inc. purchase and renovate a building in Walhalla, N.D., for grain
drying, handling and storage.

The Rural Economic Development Loan and Grant program directly supports the
Obama Administration's Investing in Manufacturing Communities Partnership (IMCP)
initiative to boost the manufacturing sector and create well-paying
manufacturing jobs, using economic development resources available through
existing Federal programs.

Through today's announcement, USDA is providing over $59 million in loans and
grants to 85 organizations in 31 states, including the District of Columbia, to
strengthen rural businesses and promote economic development. The funding is
contingent upon the recipients meeting the terms of their loan or grant
agreements.

President Obama's historic investments in rural America have made our rural
communities stronger. Under his leadership, these investments in housing,
community facilities, businesses and infrastructure have empowered rural America
to continue leading the way - strengthening America's economy, small towns and
rural communities.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.come

LOAD-DATE: September 25, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              270 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                     The Journal Record (Oklahoma City, OK)

                           December 20, 2007 Thursday

Choctaw Electric Cooperative leverages three goverment grants for wireless
network

BYLINE: Journal Record Staff

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 104  words


Choctaw Electric Cooperative has leveraged three grants from the U.S. Department
of Agriculture Rural Development to provide wireless broadband networks in three
southeast Oklahoma communities.

Choctaw Electric leveraged each of the three $417,544 grants with $186,781 of
its own funds to establish broadband networks in Rattan, Haworth, and
Smithville.   Choctaw Electric will provide free broadband service to the
school, fire department, and community and senior citizens center. Brent
Kisling, USDA Rural Development state director, presented a plaque to Choctaw
Electric Cooperative for establishing the wireless network.

LOAD-DATE: January 11, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: General news

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2007 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved


                              271 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                        Western Morning News (Plymouth)

                                February 4, 1999

Supplement: Farming

SECTION: Supplement: Farming

LENGTH: 373 words


This week's grant

What does it do?

This grant helps with the costs directly associated with the conversion or
rehabilitation of disused rural buildings for industrial or commercial purposes.

Who can apply?

Individuals, partnerships, limited companies and co-operatives - either as
owner-occupiers; owners proposing to lease out the premises concerned or tenants
who have a fixed term lease with an unexpired term of at least five years.

Geographical coverage

The fund operates in areas of rural England in greatest need of additional
employment opportunities. These are designated Rural Development Areas, and much
of Cornwall, Devon and parts of Somerset and Dorset are included.

Rationale for the grant

The purpose of this grant is to assist in the development of rural economies by
realising the potential of redundant buildings. These represent "hidden assets"
which could become productive sources of income for their owners and provide
essential workspace for rural enterprise. The scheme has also contributed to the
visual enhancement of rural areas and makes a "prettier picture" when complete.

How much can you get?

Schemes of GBP 10,000 and above are considered for support. The grant is
normally up to 25% of the costs of conversion or refurbishment and subject to a
minimum grant of GBP 2,500.

What's included?

Professional fees (architects, surveyors), costs of obtaining Planning
Permission, building works including installation of services, access, car
parking and landscaping.

Any changes planned?

The RDC will become part of the new Regional Development Agency from April 1,
1999. Any commitments made before then will be honoured, and future schemes will
be at the discretion of the RDA Board and Executive.

How to apply

Contact the Rural Development Commission, who will send you an application form.
The RDC has three offices in the South West, as follows:

27 Victoria Park Road, Exeter, EX2 4NT. Tel (01392) 421245.

3 Chartfield House, Castle Street, Taunton, TA1 4AS. Tel (01823) 276905.

2nd Floor, Highshore House, New Bridge Street, Truro,

TR1 2AA. Tel (01872) 273531.

Information supplied by Ingrid Heseltine, director of DeFacto Project Management
in Falmouth. Tel: 01326 311999.

LOAD-DATE: February 9, 1999

LANGUAGE: English

                      Copyright 1999 Western Morning News


                              272 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             January 2, 2017 Monday

FEDERAL REGISTER: Submission for OMB Review; Comment Request Pages 96433 - 96433
[FR DOC # 2016-31692]

LENGTH: 935  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: Office of the Federal Register has issued the following notice:



 DEPARTMENT OF AGRICULTURE Submission for OMB Review; Comment Request December
27, 2016. The Department of Agriculture has submitted the following information
collection requirement(s) to OMB for review and clearance under the Paperwork
Reduction Act of 1995, Public Law 104-13. Comments are requested regarding (1)
whether the collection of information is necessary for the proper performance of
the functions of the agency, including whether the information will have
practical utility; (2) the accuracy of the agency's estimate of burden including
the validity of the methodology and assumptions used; (3) ways to enhance the
quality, utility and clarity of the information to be collected; and (4) ways to
minimize the burden of the collection of information on those who are to
respond, including through the use of appropriate automated, electronic,
mechanical, or other technological collection techniques or other forms of
information technology. Comments regarding this information collection received
by January 30, 2017 will be considered. Written comments should be addressed to:
Desk Officer for Agriculture, Office of Information and Regulatory Affairs,
Office of Management and Budget (OMB), New Executive Office Building, 725 17th
Street NW., Washington, DC 20502. Commenters are encouraged to submit their
comments to OMB via email to:

OIRA_Submission@OMB.EOP.GOV or fax (202) 395-5806 and to Departmental Clearance
Office, USDA, OCIO, Mail Stop 7602, Washington, DC 20250- 7602. Copies of the
submission(s) may be obtained by calling (202) 720- 8958. An agency may not
conduct or sponsor a collection of information unless the collection of
information displays a currently valid OMB control number and the agency informs
potential persons who are to respond to the collection of information that such
persons are not required to respond to the collection of information unless it
displays a currently valid OMB control number. Rural Business-Cooperative
Service Title: Rural Economic Development Loan and Grant Program. OMB Control
Number: 0570-0035. Summary of Collection: The information collected is necessary
to implement Section 313(b) (2) of the Rural Electrification Act of 1936 (7
U.S.C. 940(c)) that established a loan and grant program. Rural Business Service
(RBS) mission is to improve the quality of life in rural America by financing
community facilities and businesses, providing technical assistance and creating
effective strategies for rural development. Under this program, zero interest
loans and grants are provided to electric and telecommunications utilities that
have borrowed funds from RUS. The purpose of the program is to encourage these
electric and telecommunications utilities to promote rural economic development
and job creation projects such as business start- up costs, business expansion,
community development, and business incubator projects. Need and Use of the
Information: Various forms and narrative requirements will be used to collect
the necessary information. RBS needs this collected information to select the
projects it believes will provide the most long-term economic benefit to rural
areas. The selection process is competitive and RBS has generally received more
applications than it could fund. RBS also needs to make sure the funds are used
for the intended purpose, and in the case of the loan, the funds will be repaid.
RBS must determine that loans made from revolving loan funds established with
grants are used for eligible purposes. Description of Respondents:
Not-for-profit Institutions; Business or other for-profit. Number of
Respondents: 120. Frequency of Responses: Reporting: On Occasion, Annually.
Total Burden Hours: 4,781. Rural Business-Cooperative Service Title: Rural
Micro-Entrepreneur Assistance Program. OMB Control Number: 0570-0062. Summary of
Collection: Section 6022 of the Food, Conservation, and Energy Act of 2008 (2008
Farm Bill) authorizes the Rural Microentrepreneur Assistance Program (RMAP). The
Secretary makes direct loans to rural microenterprise development organizations
(MDOs) that are participating in the program (who are referred to as
``microlenders'') for the purpose of capitalizing microloan revolving funds to
provide fixed interest rate business loans of $50,000 or less to
microentrepreneurs, as defined in the 2008 Farm Bill. Need and Use of the
Information: The program provides rural microentrepreneurs with the skills
necessary to establish new rural microenterprises; to provide continuing
technical and financial assistance related to the successful operation of rural
microenterprises; and to assist with the cost of providing other activities and
services related to the successful operation of MDOs and rural microenterprises.
Microlenders seeking loans and/or grants will have to submit applications that
include specified information, certifications, and agreements to the Agency.
This information will be used to determine applicant eligibility and to ensure
that funds are used for authorized purposes. Description of Respondents:
Business or other for-profit; Not-for- profit Institutions; State, Local or
Tribal governments. Number of Respondents: 75. Frequency of Responses:
Reporting: Quarterly, Annually. Total Burden Hours: 3,254. Charlene Parker,
Departmental Information Collection Clearance Officer. [FR Doc. 2016-31692 Filed
12-29-16; 8:45 am] BILLING CODE 3410-XY-P



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: January 3, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2017 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              273 of 998 DOCUMENTS

              Copyright 2017 GlobalData Ltd., All Rights Reserved
                              GlobalData - Events

                               February 15, 2017

                       Central Electric Cooperative, Inc.

                             2098 North Highway 97
                                 Redmond 97756
                                 United States

* * * * * * * * * * EVENTS * * * * * * * * * *


USDA Grant Lowers Community Solar Costs

   Jul 18, 2016

   The U.S. Department of Agriculture today announced Central Electric
Cooperative will receive an $86,912 grant to help reduce the costs of the
cooperative's community solar project in Bend. Provided through the Rural Energy
for America Program (REAP), the grant's proceeds will reduce participation costs
by 20 percent for CEC members who subscribe to a portion of the energy produced
under the Shared Solar program.&ldquoWe are very grateful to have qualified for
a REAP grant,&rdquosaid Central Electric President and Chief Executive Officer
Dave Markham. &ldquoThese funds, combined with earlier grants from the Oregon
Department of Energy and the Bonneville Environmental Foundation, have greatly
reduced the cost to our members who want to receive solar energy, but can&rsquot
have a rooftop solar installation. These grants have been essential to making
solar energy more affordable for our members.&rdquoThe cooperative&rsquos
199,500-watt system, installed on 1.3 acres next to its Bend Service Center on
Southeast 27th&nbspSt., has been sending electricity directly into CEC&rsquos
distribution system since coming online in late January. Members can subscribe
to the energy produced by individual panels, or half or quarter panels. They
receive an energy credit on their monthly bill that reflects the amount of
electricity produced by their subscription that month. Prior to the REAP grant,
a full panel 20-year subscription was $1,100. The grant enabled CEC to reduce
the price of a panel to $880, $440 for a half and $220 for a quarter panel. The
Shared Solar program appeals to members who cannot install a rooftop solar
system because they don&rsquot own their home, their rooftop is not ideally
oriented to the sun&rsquos path, or systems are cost prohibitive. CEC members
who have already subscribed will receive a rebate from CEC. Of the
project&rsquos 700, 285-watt panels, half are dedicated to the Shared Solar
program. The other half is supported by co-op members who voluntarily
participate in the Green Power program. Its participants agree to pay extra on
their electricity bill with the proceeds committed to promoting the growth of
renewable energy.


Tollgate Improvement Project Continues

   Jun 28, 2016

   Central Electric Cooperative, Inc. said that the underground cable
replacement work in the Tollgate subdivision has been slightly delayed due to
unforeseen circumstances. The cooperative continues to move forward with the
project under the new constraints.Central Electric's improvement work planned
for later this summer will affect travel along Saddle and Lariat near the
Tollgate Property Owners Association's offices. The cooperative will be
excavating along a 1,160-foot long stretch of roadway to install new underground
power cable.Central Electric identified the section of underground cable as in
need of replacement late last year after the number of faults experienced
reached critical levels. The section was placed in the high priority category
for replacement. Upon completion, Tollgate residents will experience a
significant improvement in their electrical service reliability. At time, the
work is slated to begin in late July or early August, but adjustments may be
necessary depending on subcontractors' schedules and resource availability. The
work is projected to take five to seven weeks to complete.


Survalent Technology's SCADA System Enhances Central Electric Cooperative
Services

   Feb 18, 2016

   Central Electric Cooperative, Inc. (CEC), a member owned non-profit
cooperative serving members in Central Oregon since 1941, has implemented a new
SCADA system based on Survalent ONETM technology.Central Electric Cooperative
will leverage the SCADA system to further shorten response times and enhance the
reliability of its customer support services to its more than 32,000 service
accounts. Using Survalent SCADA technology, control room engineers can operate
in a virtual environment and better communicate power distribution information
to its stakeholders.CEC deployed a dual-redundant Survalent ONETM SCADA system
with a SmartVU advanced graphical user interface. The dual redundant
configuration adds resilience to the utility's operations and energy
distribution, contributing to increased reliability and customer satisfaction.
The WebSurv and SurvCentral applications provide CEC with real-time SCADA
information to share with its members via web browsers. Operational and control
room information is optimized and secured for a range of mobile devices which
can be used to view and share any graphical SmartVU display. In the event of an
outage or service issue, these applications can assist Central Electric
Cooperative decision-making when deploying resources to restore service during
power outages. "We chose Survalent Technology for its innovative ADMS suite of
applications and ease of use. This combined with their expandability, top notch
support team, and value for the price made this an easy decision," said Robert
Bronson, Electrical Engineer at Central Electric Cooperative, Inc. The new SCADA
system provides CEC with an advanced monitoring and control system to improve
customer support and the delivery of competitively priced electricity to its
members. The system investment has also established a solid technology
foundation for CEC to easily implement advanced distribution management on a
single integrated platform in the future.


Community Solar Dedication Ceremony January 21

   Jan 15, 2016

   The Central Electric Community Solar project is complete, using 700
photovoltaic panels to convert clean, renewable energy from the sun into
electricity for CEC members.Members of Central Electric and the general public
are invited to attend the project's official dedication ceremony Thursday, Jan.
21, at 1:30 p.m. Members of the CEC board of directors will "flip the switch,"
the final step to interconnecting the 200,000-watt photovoltaic system with the
cooperative's electrical distribution system.With that action, solar-generated
electricity will begin flowing directly to CEC members for the first time,
officially establishing the project as the largest community solar project in
Oregon. Its annual production will create enough carbon-emission free energy to
serve the annual electricity needs of approximately 18 CEC residential members.
Additionally, the project will help feed the growth of solar energy, ultimately
making it more economically competitive with traditional energy sources. The
project has the potential to grow its generating capacity to 500,000 watts,
depending on the rate of increase in the project's member participation. In
2016, Central Electric will be promoting the project throughout Central Oregon,
sharing the story of its forward-looking stance for meeting tomorrow's energy
needs. We also will be promoting the opportunity for co-op members to
participate in the project's success by aquiring subscriptions to the energy
produced by the solar panels or by enrolling in the long-established Green Power
program.


CEC Announces Rate Increase Effective January 2016

   Dec 01, 2015

   Due to the impacts of an October 1 increase in the wholesale rates the
Bonneville Power Administration (BPA) charges Central Electric and other
electric cooperatives, CEC will implement a 5.7 percent rate increase effective
with January's bills. The increase will be applied uniformly to all energy,
facilities, and demand charges.Central Electric's review concluded the 7.1
percent average increase in BPA's wholesale electricity rates and its 4.4
average increase in transmission service rates could not be absorbed without
negatively impacting the co-op's financial strength. BPA has increased its
wholesale electricity rates 23.9 percent and its transmission rates 15.4 percent
since October 1, 2011. During this same period, CEC absorbed almost all of the
BPA increases and raised rates only one time, 2.8 percent on January 1 this
year. The upcoming increase is just CEC's third since 2001."This decision was
driven by costs we cannot control and BPA's rates are in this category," said
Dave Markham, CEC president and chief executive officer. "We practice great
discipline when managing the costs within our control. We have kept staffing
levels under those in place 15 years ago despite a nearly 40 percent increase in
accounts served and the continued growth of our electrical system during that
time." As a result of the upcoming adjustment, CEC's 12-month average
residential rate will increase from 7.43 cents per kilowatt-hour to 7.85 cents
and the typical CEC member's monthly bill will go to $122.67 from $116.10. This
includes the co-op's monthly facilities charge that increases from $12.08 to
$12.77. "We understand that these increases will cause difficulty for some of
our members," said Markham. "I assure them that the decision to increase member
rates was because failing to take this action would undermine our ability to
keep the cooperative operating safely, efficiently and reliably. No one
associated with CEC wants to see that happen."


Central Electric facility to get solar panels

   Sep 17, 2015




USDA Announces Funding To Improve Rural Electric Service

   Oct 13, 2011

   The U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA) announced funding for rural
electric cooperative utilities to improve distribution systems and smart grid
technologies in 27 states, as part of the Obama administration's continued focus
on investments in infrastructure that create rural jobs.The announcement was
made on the secretary's behalf by Dallas Tonsager, agriculture under secretary
for rural development, during a speech to the National Rural Electric
Association regional meeting in Denver, where he also stressed the importance of
the American Jobs Act to spur job creation throughout the country.Tom Vilsack,
USDA's secretary, said, "This investment in the electric grid will help address
the growing need for electric service nationwide and spur job creation by
building out rural infrastructure," Vilsack said. "Smart grid technology can
help better manage power use, provide rate stability for businesses and create
the climate for job growth in rural America." Over $2.1 billion in loans are
provided by USDA's Rural Utilities Service, a Rural Development Agency, to help
rural electric utilities build and upgrade rural America's electric
infrastructure. These projects will fund over $40m in smart grid technologies
and will build or improve nearly 6,000 miles of line. Funding for distribution
cooperatives, which provide power to consumers, will benefit over 38,000 rural
businesses and residents. Included in the funding are three loans for Colorado
projects that will help keep electricity reliable and affordable for rural
communities. Gunnison County Electric Association will receive over $7m to build
or improve nearly 60 miles of lineover $1m of those funds will go to smart grid
technology. A loan of over $35m to Highline Electric Association will build or
improve over 280 miles of line and includes over $2m for smart grid technology.
Tri-State Generation and Transmission Association, Inc, owned by 44 distribution
cooperatives, will build or improve over 150 miles of transmission line, upgrade
substations and invest over $9m in smart grid technology with a total of $132m
in loan funds. In Virginia, a loan of $90m to Northern Virginia Electric
Cooperative will be used to build a 49.9 MW woody biomass generation facility.
The project is projected to cover approximately 6% of the cooperative's future
power needs for the years 2014 through 2030. In Georgia, a loan of almost $30m
to Amicalola Electric Membership Corporation will be used to build or improve
over 250 miles of transmission line. The loan amount includes $9,402,000 in
smart grid projects, which help utilities better manage electricity needs and
improve operational efficiencies. These investments also help rural utilities
improve their delivery and storage of renewable energy to generate electricity.
Funding is contingent upon the recipient meeting the terms of the loan
agreement.


USDA Announces Funding To Improve Rural Electric Infrastructure

   Sep 15, 2011

   The U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA) announced that 27 rural electric
cooperative utilities will receive funding for generation and transmission
projects, distribution facilities and smart grid technologies. These loans will
create jobs and finance rural electric utility improvements benefiting more than
28,000 rural customers in 18 states.Tom Vilsack, USDA's secretary, said,
"Improving the electric infrastructure in rural areas creates jobs by ensuring
that businesses have reliable and affordable power supplies. Electric
cooperatives are leaders in rural economic development by helping rural areas
retain existing jobs and attract new ones."Vilsack also noted that USDA Rural
Development is providing more than $35m to finance smart grid technologies
â[#x20ac]" such as advanced metering infrastructure â[#x20ac]" that utilities
use to better manage electric supply and demand. Dallas Tonsager, Rural
Development's under secretary made the announcement on Vilsack's behalf during a
speech in Minneapolis at a regional meeting of the National Rural Electric
Cooperative Association. The $603m in loans are being provided by USDA Rural
Development's Rural Utilities Service (RUS) to help electric utilities upgrade,
expand, maintain and replace rural America's electric infrastructure. RUS
funding will help build or improve nearly 5,000 miles of distribution line and
more than 100 miles of transmission line. USDA Rural Development also funds
energy conservation and renewable energy projects. The following is a list of
rural utilities that were selected to receive USDA funding. Funding is
contingent upon the recipient meeting the terms of the loan agreement. Arkansas
Woodruff Electric Cooperative Corporation â[#x20ac]" $31m loan to serve 1,392
customers with 86 miles of new line, improve 137 miles of existing line and make
$249,000 in smart grid investments. North Arkansas Electric Cooperative, Inc.
â[#x20ac]" $32.8m loan to serve 2,361 customers with 251 miles of new line and
improve 166 miles of existing line. Florida Peace River Electric Cooperative,
Inc. â[#x20ac]" $44.5m loan to serve 1,459 customers with 75 miles of new line,
improve 395 miles of existing line and make $546,000 in smart grid investments.
Georgia Oglethorpe Power Corporation â[#x20ac]" $127.7m loan to finance the
acquisition of the existing Murray Units I & II natural gas-fired combine cycle
generation facility. Indiana Johnson County Rural Electric Membership
Corporation â[#x20ac]" $15m loan to serve 2,100 customers with 149 miles of new
line, improve 89 miles of existing line and make $6.8m in smart grid
investments. Iowa Guthrie County Rural Electric Cooperative Association
â[#x20ac]" $6.5m loan to serve 30 customers with two miles of new line, improve
399 miles of existing line and make $20,000 in smart grid investments. Kansas
DS&O Electric Cooperative, Inc. â[#x20ac]" $14.42m loan to serve 925 customers
with 273 miles of new line, improve 88 miles of existing line and make $165,000
in smart grid investments. Prairie Land Electric Cooperative, Inc. â[#x20ac]"
$36.9m loan to serve 1,548 customers with 156 miles of new line, improve 111
miles of existing line and make $3.4m in smart grid investments. The Caney
Valley Electric Cooperative Association, Inc. â[#x20ac]" $3.6m loan to serve 516
customers with 39 miles of new line and improve 101 miles of existing line.
Minnesota Freeborn-Mower Cooperative Services (serving Minnesota and Iowa)
â[#x20ac]" $3m loan to serve 122 customers with 25 miles of new line, improve 56
miles of existing line and make $157,000 in smart grid investments.
Renville-Sibley Cooperative Power Association â[#x20ac]" $8.6m loan to serve 72
customers with 10 miles of new line, improve 32 miles of existing line and make
$1.1m in smart grid investments. North Star Electric Cooperative, Inc.
â[#x20ac]" $6.1m loan to serve 424 customers with 46 miles of new line, improve
62 miles of existing line and make $30,000 in smart grid investments. Missouri
Central Missouri Electric Cooperative â[#x20ac]" $2.m loan to serve 520
customers with 44 miles of new line and improve 28 miles of existing line. M & A
Electric Power Cooperative â[#x20ac]" $38.1m loan to finance additions and
improvements to the borrower's transmission facilities, to build five miles of
new line, improve 17 miles of existing line and make $1.8m in smart grid
investments. N.W. Electric Power Cooperative, Inc. (serving Missouri, Iowa and
Nebraska) â[#x20ac]" $43.2m loan to finance proposed additions and improvements
to transmission facilities, improve 11 miles of existing line and make $8.7m in
smart grid investments. Montana Vigilante Electric Cooperative, Inc. (serving
Montana and Idaho) â[#x20ac]" $10.3m loan to serve 1,043 customers with 153
miles of new line, improve 33 miles of existing line and make $146,000 in smart
grid investments. North Carolina Haywood Electric Membership Corporation
(serving North Carolina, Georgia and South Carolina) â[#x20ac]" $25m loan to
serve 2,660 customers with 45 miles of new line and improve 28 miles of existing
line. Albermarle Electric Membership Corporation â[#x20ac]" $12m loan to serve
1,509 customers with 107 miles of new line, improve 32 miles of existing line
and make $215,000 in smart grid investments. North Dakota Cass County Electric
Cooperative, Inc. â[#x20ac]" $22m loan to serve 4,984 customers with 246 miles
of new line, improve 36 miles of existing line and make $4.1m in smart grid
investments. Roughrider Electric Cooperative, Inc. â[#x20ac]" $15m loan to serve
727 customers with 79 miles of new line, improve 155 miles of existing line and
make $962,000 in smart grid investments. Ohio Mid-Ohio Energy Cooperative, Inc.
â[#x20ac]" $7m loan to serve 200 customers with 26 miles of new line, improve 62
miles of existing line and make $875,000 in smart grid investments.
Guernsey-Muskingum Electric Cooperative, Inc. â[#x20ac]" $20.1m loan to serve
860 customers with 47 miles of new line, improve 93 miles of existing line and
make $2.1m in smart grid investments. Oklahoma Cookson Hills Electric
Cooperative, Inc. â[#x20ac]" $12.7m loan to serve 2,004 customers with 82 miles
of new line, improve 76 miles of existing line and make $1.2m in smart grid
investments. South Dakota Charles Mix Electric Association, Inc. â[#x20ac]"
$4.8m loan to serve 160 customers with 17 miles of new line, improve 42 miles of
existing line and make $114,000 in smart grid investments. Central Electric
Cooperative, Inc. â[#x20ac]" $16.3m loan to serve 324 customers with 96 miles of
new line, improve 120 miles of existing line and make $145,000 in smart grid
investments. Texas Lighthouse Electric Cooperative, Inc. â[#x20ac]" $14m loan to
serve 984 customers with 232 miles of new line, improve 34 miles of existing
line and make $738,000 in smart grid investments. Lamb County Electric
Cooperative, Inc. â[#x20ac]" $30.3m loan to serve 1,795 customers with 284 miles
of new line, improve 26 miles of existing line and make $2m in smart grid
investments.


CEC Receives $4.65 Million Smart Grid Grant From DOE

   May 27, 2010

   Central Electric Cooperative, Inc. (CEC) has announced that it will receive
$4.65 million in matching funds from the U.S. Department of Energy (DOE) to
deploy smart grid technologies. The DOE's smart grid investment grant (SGIG)
will fund half of a five-year, $9.3 million project by CEC to enhance the
reliability and efficiency of CEC's electric system.Alan Guggenheim, member
services director for CEC, said: This grant is significant to our 24,600
members. We can accelerate the implementation of advanced metering technology
that will improve our electric system and, in the future, provide our members
with more information, enabling them to make better energy consumption
choices.The grant, provided under the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act of
2009, will enable CEC to replace more than 30,000 existing meters with advanced
metering technology. Guggenheim added: The federal grant is a testament to
Central Electric's leadership in energy innovation and shows that we are
committed to the implementation of a smart grid electric infrastructure.During
the first three years of the project, CEC plans to upgrade meters, and install
communications and other equipment, in the co-op's 5,300 square mile service
territory. The last two years of the five-year program will be spent in
partnership with DOE, monitoring, reporting and evaluating the system,
Guggenheim said. The automated metering infrastructure (AMI) project is designed
to improve billing and accounting efficiency. Automation of meter reading and
other field services will also reduce CEC's carbon footprint, in terms of
vehicular use. It provides a platform for new products and services, protection
for CEC's electric system from physical and cyber attack, and will eventually
enable members to monitor their usage to take advantage of lower price-periods,
said Guggenheim.
* * * * * * * * * * OTHER AVAILABLE REPORTS * * * * * * * * * *
Company Overview                        Events
Key Operational Employees               Key Employees
Key Facts                               Locations and Subsidiaries
Major Products and Services             Top Competitors

 * * * * * * * * * * NOTE * * * * * * * * * *

   GlobalData uses a range of research techniques to gather and verify its
information and analysis. These include primary research, in-house knowledge and
expertise, proprietary databases, and secondary sources such as company
websites, annual reports, SEC filings and press releases. Disclaimer: No part of
this publication may be reproduced, stored in a retrieval system or transmitted
in any form by any means, electronic, mechanical, photocopying, recording or
otherwise, without the prior permission of the publisher, GlobalData. The facts
of this report are believed to be correct at the time of publication but cannot
be guaranteed. Please note that the findings, conclusions and recommendations
that GlobalData delivers will be based on information gathered in good faith
from both primary and secondary sources, whose accuracy we are not always in a
position to guarantee. As such GlobalData can accept no liability whatever for
actions taken based on any information that may subsequently prove to be
incorrect.

LOAD-DATE: February 15, 2017


                              274 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                 Worcester News

                           December 8, 2010 Wednesday

Hop growers' cheers after £60,000 grant

SECTION: BUSINESS (WN NEWS BUSINESS)

LENGTH: 439 words


A CO-OPERATIVE of hop growers has received a boost after gaining funding worth
more than £60,000 to build a new store and packing shed near Malvern.

Hawkbrand Hops, a co-operative of 18 growers based mainly in Herefordshire and
Worcestershire, takes in hops from members, stores them and sells them at the
best price.

The main buyer of the hops is Charles Faram & Co, a supplier of hops in Newland,
near Malvern.

Hawkbrand has now received funding from the Rural Enterprise Grant Programme to
build a new crop store and processing plant close to the home of the Charles
Faram operation.

The unit, which was completed in the summer, is already full and is expected to
be near capacity for 10 months of the year.

Thomas Hawkins, chairman of Hawkbrand, said: "The demand for hops is increasing
for use in micro and regional breweries and we prefer to use a single storage
and handling facility rather than rely too much on members' farms.

"The new custom-made facility makes it possible to store a full range of hops in
perfect condition in vacuum packs.

"This means we have easily accessible stocks of all of the major varieties of
hops grown in this country. The support from the Rural Enterprise Grant
Programme has been instrumental in helping us to bring this project forward."

Funded under the Rural Development Programme for England, which is managed by
Advantage West Midlands and administered by Herefordshire Council, rural
enterprise grants are available for farmers and micro businesses developing and
diversifying into food and drink, environmental technologies and tourism
improvements.

Funding of up to 40 per cent (or £62,500) can be secured towards projects that
range from new processing machinery and supply chain equipment and improvements
to tourism experiences.

Dorothy Coleman, Rural Enterprise Grant Prog-ramme manager, said: "Hawkbrand
Hops has been very successful as a co-operative but had probably reached the
limit of what it could do using its own storage.

"This new facility will make a massive difference to the growers and enable them
to go from strength-to-strength."

The rural enterprise grant has been successfully supporting farmers and rural
businesses for more than a year and to date has approved nearly £2 million of
grants. The project steering group has recently reviewed the eligibility
criteria and extended the range of activities that are eligible to rural
businesses.

In addition to projects linked to priorities such as tourism, food and drink and
environmental technologies, farmers can now apply for grant funding linked to
care farming, education, on-farm retailing, farm shops and non-food processing.

LOAD-DATE: December 8, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2010 NewsQuest Media Group Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              275 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                     Monroe County Appeal (Paris, Missouri)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                  July 7, 2011

USDA invites applications for Value Added Producer Grant to assist farmers;
Investing in Rural America Essential to Job Creation and Business Growth

BYLINE: Monroe County Appeal staff

LENGTH: 396  words


Deputy Agriculture Secretary Kathleen Merrigan announced that applications are
being accepted for grants to provide economic assistance to independent
producers, farmer and rancher cooperatives and agricultural producer groups
through the Value-Added Producer Grant Program.

"By creating value-added products, farmers and ranchers can expand economic
opportunities, create jobs and keep wealth in rural communities," Merrigan
said."These funding opportunities will promote business expansion and
entrepreneurship by helping local businesses get access to capital, technical
assistance and new markets for their products and servic-es.

Application deadline is Monday, Aug. 29. For further details about eligibility
rules and application procedures, see the June 28, Federal Register. Value-Added
Producer

Grantsmay be used for feasibility studies or business plans, working capital for
marketing value-added agricultural products and for farm-based renewable energy
projects. Eligible applicants include independent producers, farmer and rancher
cooperatives, and agricultural producer groups. Value-added products are created
when a producer increases the consumer value of an agricultural commodity in the
production or processing stage.

Additional information is available by contacting Nathan Chit-wood with the
Missouri USDA Rural Development State Office at 573-876-0995. An informational
meeting and training on completion of the application packet will be held at the
Missouri USDA Rural Development State Office, 601 Business Loop 70 West, Suite
232 Parkade Center, Columbia, Missouri 65203 on Thursday, July 14, at 10 a.m.
Those interested in obtaining additional information are encouraged to attend
and/or contact Mr. Chitwood.

USDA, through its Rural Development mission area, administers and manages
housing, business and community infrastructure and facility programs through a
national network of state and local offices. Rural Development has an existing
portfolio of more than $150 billion in loans and loan guarantees. These programs
are designed to improve the economic stability of rural communities, businesses,
residents, farmers and ranchers and improve the quality of life in rural
America.

Further information on rural programs is available at a local USDA Rural
Development office or by visiting USDA Rural Development's web site at
http://www.rur-dev.usda.gov.

LOAD-DATE: June 6, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Local Government

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: MCA

                      Copyright 2011 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                      Copyright 2011 Monroe County Appeal


                              276 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                     Deseret Morning News (Salt Lake City)

                             April 8, 2010 Thursday

Grants available for business and economic development in rural areas

LENGTH: 171 words


WASHINGTON ? The U.S. Department of Agriculture is accepting applications for
business and community development grants to help rural communities create
wealth, attract residents and become economically self-sustaining.  The grants
are for rural cities with 50,000 or fewer residents. They can be used for
economic planning, technical assistance and training. Applicants must represent
public bodies, nonprofits, Indian Tribes or cooperatives with members who are
primarily rural residents. Priority will be given to applicants who best
demonstrate strong regional or multi-jurisdictional collaboration, leadership
capacity and represent diverse communities. Applicants must have significant
expertise in the activities proposed and the financial strength to ensure
objectives of the proposed grant can be accomplished. There is $2.48 million
available. Applications are due June 28.  More information on how to apply for
the grant, called the USDA Rural Business Opportunity Grant, is at
www.rurdev.usda.gov/rbs/coops/rbog.htm.

LOAD-DATE: April 8, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2010 The Deseret News Publishing Co.


                              277 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                             Ukrainian News Agency

                          January 18, 2017 6:30 AM EST

Austria Allocates EUR 0.5 Million to Support Agricultural Co-Operatives In
Chernivtsi And Odesa Regions

LENGTH: 222  words


Austrian Development Agency has allocated EUR 0.5 million to support
agricultural co-operatives in Chernivtsi region and Odesa region.

The Ukrainian office of the United Nations Development Program (UNDP) announced
this in a statement, Ukrainian News Agency reports.

The project is expected to address 150,000 locals in the two regions of Ukraine.

The project will be implemented within 18 months on the ground of mechanisms
created in the frames of a UNDP project aiming at community-oriented local
development.

In the frames of the project non-government organizations will be provided
grants for micro-projects on maintenance of schools, kindergartens and other
social facilities.

The UNDP will finance up to 50% of the expenses (EUR 6,500 per social
initiative) and 45% will be financed by local budgets and 5% by beneficiary
organizations.

Also, the project envisages facilitation of creation and development of
agricultural co-operatives through allocation of small grants to local
communities.

Thus, the project will be aiming at consolidation of potential of local
communities, bodies of local self-government, and development of small
enterprises in rural and suburban areas.

As Ukrainian News Agency earlier reported, the Swiss Confederation intends to
allocate USD 100 million of financial assistance to Ukraine before February
2017.

LOAD-DATE: January 18, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


        Copyright 2017 Ukrainian News Agency, distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              278 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           September 26, 2014 Friday

Washington: USDA Announces $59 Million in Loans and Grants to Increase Economic
Opportunity, Support Rural Microenterprise Development

LENGTH: 892  words

DATELINE: Washington


US Department of Agriculture, The Government of USA has issued the following
news release:

USDA Rural Development Acting Under Secretary Doug O'Brien today announced the
selection of 85 utilities and development organizations for loans and grants to
support rural business activities that will boost economic growth in rural
communities.

"These USDA investments capitalize rural small businesses, which allows the
owners to expand operations, enter into new markets and increase hiring,"
O'Brien said. "The investments we are announcing today include financing to
development organizations for microlending to very small rural businesses. Funds
are also being provided to utilities to pass on to local businesses for
development projects. These innovative programs increase economic opportunities
in rural areas - a top priority of Secretary Vilsack and President Obama."

O'Brien announced the rural business investments while in Kentucky with Governor
Steve Beshear, Congressman Hal Rogers, and the executive board of Shaping Our
Appalachian Region (SOAR)This is an external link or third-party site outside of
the United States Department of Agriculture (USDA) website. to discuss
investment opportunities in eastern Kentucky, including Promise Zones and
regional SOAR initiatives.

Funds are being provided through the Rural Economic Development Loan and Grant
Program (REDLG) and the Rural Microentrepreneur Assistance Program (RMAP). Under
the REDLG program, USDA provides zero-interest loans to local utilities which
then, in turn, relend the funds to local businesses (ultimate recipients) for
projects that will create and retain employment in rural areas. The program
funds business start-up or expansion, business incubators, education and
training facilities and equipment, community development assistance, health care
and other projects that support rural jobs.

Under RMAP, USDA provides loans to Microenterprise Development Organizations
(MDOs) that, in turn, make microloans for business start-up or development to
eligible microentrepreneurs defined as very small businesses with 10 or fewer
employees. Grants are available for MDOs to provide technical assistance and
training, particularly in rural areas experiencing persistent poverty or
significant outmigration. USDA does not directly provide funds to the ultimate
recipients.

The Rural Microentrepreneur Assistance Program was created under the 2008 Farm
Bill and recently reauthorized through the 2014 Farm Bill.

The Kentucky Highlands Investment Corporation is receiving a $500,000 RMAP loan
to capitalize a revolving loan fund to provide microloans to very small
businesses in 19 counties designated by the Appalachian Regional Commission as
distressed communities. The Kentucky Highlands Investment Corporation is the
lead organization carrying out the state's Promise Zone initiative. Its Promise
Zone work was made possible through the financial support from USDA.

MEDI, Inc., is receiving a $400,000 RMAP loan and $100,000 RMAP grant to serve
as a microlender and technical assistance provider for very small rural
businesses throughout Kentucky.

Since the start of the Obama Administration, Rural Development has invested more
than $4.4 billion in Kentucky. The agency is targeting assistance to persistent
poverty areas in Appalachian Kentucky through the USDA StrikeForce Initiative
for Rural Growth and Opportunity, and will continue its work with Governor
Beshear and his staff, the Kentucky Congressional Delegation, other federal
agencies, SOAR officials and community leaders throughout the region to benefit
rural communities in the impacted areas.

At the national level, the USDA investments are meeting a wide variety of
business and manufacturing needs across rural America. For example, in South
Carolina, the Santee Electric Cooperative is receiving a $1 million Rural
Economic Development loan to support the local "Help My House program," which
makes energy efficiency improvements in the rural areas of Williamsburg,
Georgetown, Clarendon and Florence Counties. The Nodak Electric Cooperative in
North Dakota is receiving a $775,000 Rural Economic Development loan to help S&S
Grain, Inc. purchase and renovate a building in Walhalla, N.D., for grain
drying, handling and storage.

The Rural Economic Development Loan and Grant program directly supports the
Obama Administration's Investing in Manufacturing Communities Partnership (IMCP)
initiative to boost the manufacturing sector and create well-paying
manufacturing jobs, using economic development resources available through
existing Federal programs.

Through today's announcement, USDA is providing over $59 million in loans and
grants to 85 organizations in 31 states, including the District of Columbia, to
strengthen rural businesses and promote economic development. The funding is
contingent upon the recipients meeting the terms of their loan or grant
agreements.

President Obama's historic investments in rural America have made our rural
communities stronger. Under his leadership, these investments in housing,
community facilities, businesses and infrastructure have empowered rural America
to continue leading the way - strengthening America's economy, small towns and
rural communities.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: September 27, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              279 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                 Hidalgo County Herald (Lordsburg, New Mexico)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                               November 13, 2009

NM ag producers missing out on great free funding opportunity;
Submitted by ERNIE WATSON/USDA

BYLINE: Hidalgo County Herald staff

LENGTH: 506  words


USDA Rural Development State Director Terry Brunner expressed surprise this week
that only a few applications for the Value-Added Producer Grant Program (VAPG)
have been received from Ag producers in New Mexico. The VAPG program is designed
to provide grant funding to assist agricultural producers increase their profits
by adding value to their products.

"In tough economic times, I would have expected that more than a handful of
applicatipns would have been submitted for this grant program," said Brunner. He
added, "This funding can really help farmers and ranchers find marketing
opportunities and produce profitable products from their crops or livestock.
More New Mexicans need to take advantage of this program.

The VAPG can be used for planning activities such as feasibility studies,
marketing and business plans, or for working capital. Some examples for which
the money can be used include the following:

Developing a marketing study to determine the sales potential of making diced
tomatoes and chile into salsa;

Working capital, including salaries and utilities;

Creation of bio-materials (plastics, fiberboard);

On-farm renewable energy and biofuels (ethanol, bio-diesel). Recently, a grant
was awarded to a dairy cooperative in New Mexico to determine if dairy wastes
can be turned into methane gas.

Planning grants of up to $100,000 and working capital grants of up to $300,000
to successful applicants will be competitively awarded. Applicants are
encouraged to propose projects that use existing agricultural products in
non-traditional ways or that merge agricultural products with technology in
creative ways: Businesses of all sizes may apply, but priority will be given to
operators of small and medium-sized family farms - those with average, annual
gross sales of $700,000 or less.

Applicants must provide matching funds equal to the amount of the grant
requested. Ten percent of the available funding is reserved for beginning
farmers or ranchers and generally disadvantaged farmers or ranchers. An
additional 10 percent is reserved for projects involving local and regional
supply networks that link independent producers with businesses and cooperatives
that market value-added products.

"The deadline to apply for a Value Added Producer Grant is Monday, November 30,
2009 and is quickly approaching. Paper applications must be submitted to the
Rural Development State Office located at 6200 Jefferson NE Room 255 by the
close of business that day or electronically through the Grants.gov Website at
http://www.grants.gov." said, Brunner.

Those that want to apply for the VAPG funding can direct questions to the USDA
Rural Development State Office at 505-761-4952.

For application requirements, consult both the funding notice at
http://www.rurdev.usda.gov/rbs/coops/vadg.htm and the regulations at
http:/www.rurdev.usda.gov/regs/regs/pdf/4284j.pdf.

Further information on rural programs is available at a local USDA Rural
Development office or by visiting USDA Rural Development's web site at
http://www.rurdev.usda.gov/

LOAD-DATE: February 18, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Regional Government

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: HDG

                      Copyright 2009 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                      Copyright 2009 Hidalgo County Herald


                              280 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                      Arizona Range News (Wilcox, Arizona)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                December 4, 2013

USDA Value-Added Producer grants for Arizona producers

BYLINE: Arizona Range News staff

LENGTH: 665  words


Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack announced the availability of nearly $10.5
million in U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA) grants to help agricultural
producers enter into value-added activities designed to give them a competitive
business edge.

"U.S. agriculture is responsible for millions of American jobs - both directly
and indirectly, "Vilsack said. "Supporting farmers and related businesses
strengthens rural economies and helps fuel innovation and product development.
It's also an important part of USDA programs that link farmers to their
communities, and it underscores the many benefits of local and regional food
systems."

The funding is being made available through the Value-Added Producer Grant
program. Grants are available to help agricultural producers create new
products, expand marketing opportunities, support further processing of existing
products or goods, or to develop specialty and niche products. They may be used
for working capital and planning activities. The maximum working capital grant
is $200,000; the maximum planning grant is $75,000.

Eligible applicants include independent producers, farmer and rancher
cooperatives, and agricultural producer groups. Funding priority is given to
socially disadvantaged and beginning farmers or ranchers, and to small- to
medium-size family farms, or farmer/rancher cooperatives.

The Value-Added Producer Grant program is one of many USDA programs that support
the development of strong local and regional food systems as part of the Know
Your Farmer, Know Your Food initiative. Launched in 2009, the initiative
strengthens ties between agricultural producers and their local communities,
helping meet growing consumer demand and creating opportunities for small
business development. Initiatives like this create new income opportunities for
farmers, generate wealth that will stay in rural communities, and increase
access to healthy, local foods in underserved communities. All of these actions
boost local economies.

Today's announcement comes as more than 1,400 communities nationwide gear up to
support Small Business Saturday, a day dedicated to championing small businesses
on one of the busiest shopping weekends of the year. This year's Small Business
Saturday is Nov. 30.

Rural Development is encouraging applications from Tribal organizations as well
as applications that support regional food hubs. Applications supporting
value-added activities related to bio-based products are also encouraged.

Since 2009, the Obama Administration has provided agricultural producers with
almost $80 million in Value Added Producer Grant assistance that has supported
more than 600 innovative, value-added projects.

Additional examples of how VAPGs assist local and regional food producers are
available on the USDA Know Your Farmer, Know Your Food Compass, which is
searchable by zip code and key word.

Grant applications are due by Feb. 24, 2014. More information about how to apply
is available on page 70260 of the November 25 http://www.gpo.
gov/fdsys/pkg/FR-2013-11-25/pdf/2013-28175.pdf Federal Register, or by
contacting any USDA Rural Development state office.

Secretary Vilsack said that today's announcement is another reminder of the
importance of USDA programs such as the Value-Added Producer Grant program for
rural America. A comprehensive new Food, Farm and Jobs Bill would further expand
the rural economy, Vilsack added, saying that's just one reason why Congress
must get a comprehensive Bill done as soon as possible.

President Obama's plan for rural America has brought about historic investment
and resulted in stronger rural communities. Under the President's leadership,
these investments in housing, community facilities, businesses and
infrastructure have empowered rural America to continue leading the way -
strengthening America's economy, small towns and rural communities. USDA's
investments in rural communities support the rural way of life that stands as
the backbone of our American values.

LOAD-DATE: October 1, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Community

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: AZR

                      Copyright 2013 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                       Copyright 2013 Arizona Range News


                              281 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           February 25, 2016 Thursday

FEDERAL REGISTER: Submission for OMB Review; Comment Request Pages 9422 - 9423
[FR DOC # 2016-03979]

LENGTH: 971 words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Washington: Office of the Federal Register has issued the following notice:



   DEPARTMENT OF AGRICULTURE Rural Business Cooperative Service Submission for
OMB Review; Comment Request February 19, 2016. The Department of Agriculture has
submitted the following information collection requirement(s) to OMB for [[Page
9423]] review and clearance under the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995, Public
Law 104-13. Comments are requested regarding (1) whether the collection of
information is necessary for the proper performance of the functions of the
agency, including whether the information will have practical utility; (2) the
accuracy of the agency's estimate of burden including the validity of the
methodology and assumptions used; (3) ways to enhance the quality, utility and
clarity of the information to be collected; and (4) ways to minimize the burden
of the collection of information on those who are to respond, including through
the use of appropriate automated, electronic, mechanical, or other technological
collection techniques or other forms of information technology. Comments
regarding this information collection received by March 28, 2016 will be
considered. Written comments should be addressed to: Desk Officer for
Agriculture, Office of Information and Regulatory Affairs, Office of Management
and Budget (OMB), New Executive Office Building, 725 17th Street NW.,
Washington, DC 20502. Commenters are encouraged to submit their comments to OMB
via email to:

OIRA_Submission@OMB.EOP.GOV or fax (202) 395-5806 and to Departmental Clearance
Office, USDA, OCIO, Mail Stop 7602, Washington, DC 20250- 7602. Copies of the
submission(s) may be obtained by calling (202) 720- 8958. An agency may not
conduct or sponsor a collection of information unless the collection of
information displays a currently valid OMB control number and the agency informs
potential persons who are to respond to the collection of information that such
persons are not required to respond to the collection of information unless it
displays a currently valid OMB control number. Rural Business Service Title:
Intermediary Re-lending Program. OMB Control Number: 0570-0021. Summary of
Collection: The objective of the Intermediary Relending Program (IRP) is to
improve community facilities and employment opportunities and increase economic
activity in rural areas by financing business facilities and community
development. This purpose is achieved through loans made by the Rural Business-
Cooperative Service (RBS) to intermediaries that establish programs for the
purpose of providing loans to ultimate recipients for business facilities and
community development. The Community Economic Development Act of 1981 (42 U.S.C.
9812(a), section 623(a)) provides for the Secretary the authority to make loans
to nonprofit entities who will in turn provide financial assistance to rural
businesses to improve business, industry and employment opportunities as well as
provide a diversification of the economy in rural areas. Need and Use of the
Information: The information requested is necessary for RBS to process
applications in a responsible manner, make prudent credit and program decisions,
and effectively monitor the intermediaries' activities to protect the
Government's financial interest and ensure that funds obtained from the
Government are used appropriately. Various forms are used to include information
to identify the intermediary, describe the intermediary's experience and
expertise, describe how the intermediary will operate its revolving loan fund,
provide for debt instruments, loan agreements, and security, and other material
necessary for prudent credit decisions and reasonable program monitoring.
Description of Respondents: Not-for-profit institutions; Business or other
for-profit. Number of Respondents: 240. Frequency of Responses: Reporting: On
occasion. Total Burden Hours: 24,580. Rural Business-Cooperative Service Title:
Agriculture Innovation Centers. OMB Control Number: 0570-0045. Summary of
Collection: The Farm Security and Rural Investment Act of 2002 (Pub. L. 107-171,
signed May 13, 2002) authorized the Secretary of the U.S. Department of
Agriculture (USDA) to award grant funds to Agriculture Innovation Centers
(Centers). The Agricultural Act of 2014 reauthorized the program through 2018.
The Centers provide a demonstration program under which agricultural producers
are to be provided with technical and business development assistance enabling
them to establish businesses producing and marketing value-added products. This
program is administered by Cooperative Programs within USDA's Rural Development.
Need and Use of the Information: Information is collected by Rural Development
State and Area office staff, as delegated, from applicants and grantees.
Cooperative Programs uses the collected information to confirm that the
applicant and use of funds meet the eligibility requirements for the program as
well as to assess the quality of the proposed project. Grantees are required to
submit financial status and performance reports to confirm that progress is
being made toward achieving the stated goals of the project. A final report is
submitted at the completion of the grant agreement. Centers may be non-profit
corporations, for-profit corporations, institutions of higher learning, and
consortia of the aforementioned entities. Description of Respondents:
Not-for-profit Institutions; Business or other for-profit. Number of
Respondents: 1. Frequency of Responses: Reporting: Semi-annually. Total Burden
Hours: 30. Charlene Parker, Departmental Information Collection Clearance
Officer. [FR Doc. 2016-03979 Filed 2-24-16; 8:45 am] BILLING CODE 3410-XY-P



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: February 25, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              282 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           February 25, 2016 Thursday

FEDERAL REGISTER: Submission for OMB Review; Comment Request Pages 9422 - 9423
[FR DOC # 2016-03979]

LENGTH: 971 words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Washington: Office of the Federal Register has issued the following notice:



   DEPARTMENT OF AGRICULTURE Rural Business Cooperative Service Submission for
OMB Review; Comment Request February 19, 2016. The Department of Agriculture has
submitted the following information collection requirement(s) to OMB for [[Page
9423]] review and clearance under the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995, Public
Law 104-13. Comments are requested regarding (1) whether the collection of
information is necessary for the proper performance of the functions of the
agency, including whether the information will have practical utility; (2) the
accuracy of the agency's estimate of burden including the validity of the
methodology and assumptions used; (3) ways to enhance the quality, utility and
clarity of the information to be collected; and (4) ways to minimize the burden
of the collection of information on those who are to respond, including through
the use of appropriate automated, electronic, mechanical, or other technological
collection techniques or other forms of information technology. Comments
regarding this information collection received by March 28, 2016 will be
considered. Written comments should be addressed to: Desk Officer for
Agriculture, Office of Information and Regulatory Affairs, Office of Management
and Budget (OMB), New Executive Office Building, 725 17th Street NW.,
Washington, DC 20502. Commenters are encouraged to submit their comments to OMB
via email to:

OIRA_Submission@OMB.EOP.GOV or fax (202) 395-5806 and to Departmental Clearance
Office, USDA, OCIO, Mail Stop 7602, Washington, DC 20250- 7602. Copies of the
submission(s) may be obtained by calling (202) 720- 8958. An agency may not
conduct or sponsor a collection of information unless the collection of
information displays a currently valid OMB control number and the agency informs
potential persons who are to respond to the collection of information that such
persons are not required to respond to the collection of information unless it
displays a currently valid OMB control number. Rural Business Service Title:
Intermediary Re-lending Program. OMB Control Number: 0570-0021. Summary of
Collection: The objective of the Intermediary Relending Program (IRP) is to
improve community facilities and employment opportunities and increase economic
activity in rural areas by financing business facilities and community
development. This purpose is achieved through loans made by the Rural Business-
Cooperative Service (RBS) to intermediaries that establish programs for the
purpose of providing loans to ultimate recipients for business facilities and
community development. The Community Economic Development Act of 1981 (42 U.S.C.
9812(a), section 623(a)) provides for the Secretary the authority to make loans
to nonprofit entities who will in turn provide financial assistance to rural
businesses to improve business, industry and employment opportunities as well as
provide a diversification of the economy in rural areas. Need and Use of the
Information: The information requested is necessary for RBS to process
applications in a responsible manner, make prudent credit and program decisions,
and effectively monitor the intermediaries' activities to protect the
Government's financial interest and ensure that funds obtained from the
Government are used appropriately. Various forms are used to include information
to identify the intermediary, describe the intermediary's experience and
expertise, describe how the intermediary will operate its revolving loan fund,
provide for debt instruments, loan agreements, and security, and other material
necessary for prudent credit decisions and reasonable program monitoring.
Description of Respondents: Not-for-profit institutions; Business or other
for-profit. Number of Respondents: 240. Frequency of Responses: Reporting: On
occasion. Total Burden Hours: 24,580. Rural Business-Cooperative Service Title:
Agriculture Innovation Centers. OMB Control Number: 0570-0045. Summary of
Collection: The Farm Security and Rural Investment Act of 2002 (Pub. L. 107-171,
signed May 13, 2002) authorized the Secretary of the U.S. Department of
Agriculture (USDA) to award grant funds to Agriculture Innovation Centers
(Centers). The Agricultural Act of 2014 reauthorized the program through 2018.
The Centers provide a demonstration program under which agricultural producers
are to be provided with technical and business development assistance enabling
them to establish businesses producing and marketing value-added products. This
program is administered by Cooperative Programs within USDA's Rural Development.
Need and Use of the Information: Information is collected by Rural Development
State and Area office staff, as delegated, from applicants and grantees.
Cooperative Programs uses the collected information to confirm that the
applicant and use of funds meet the eligibility requirements for the program as
well as to assess the quality of the proposed project. Grantees are required to
submit financial status and performance reports to confirm that progress is
being made toward achieving the stated goals of the project. A final report is
submitted at the completion of the grant agreement. Centers may be non-profit
corporations, for-profit corporations, institutions of higher learning, and
consortia of the aforementioned entities. Description of Respondents:
Not-for-profit Institutions; Business or other for-profit. Number of
Respondents: 1. Frequency of Responses: Reporting: Semi-annually. Total Burden
Hours: 30. Charlene Parker, Departmental Information Collection Clearance
Officer. [FR Doc. 2016-03979 Filed 2-24-16; 8:45 am] BILLING CODE 3410-XY-P



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: February 28, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              283 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           February 25, 2016 Thursday

FEDERAL REGISTER: Submission for OMB Review; Comment Request Pages 9422 - 9423
[FR DOC # 2016-03979]

LENGTH: 971 words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Washington: Office of the Federal Register has issued the following notice:



   DEPARTMENT OF AGRICULTURE Rural Business Cooperative Service Submission for
OMB Review; Comment Request February 19, 2016. The Department of Agriculture has
submitted the following information collection requirement(s) to OMB for [[Page
9423]] review and clearance under the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995, Public
Law 104-13. Comments are requested regarding (1) whether the collection of
information is necessary for the proper performance of the functions of the
agency, including whether the information will have practical utility; (2) the
accuracy of the agency's estimate of burden including the validity of the
methodology and assumptions used; (3) ways to enhance the quality, utility and
clarity of the information to be collected; and (4) ways to minimize the burden
of the collection of information on those who are to respond, including through
the use of appropriate automated, electronic, mechanical, or other technological
collection techniques or other forms of information technology. Comments
regarding this information collection received by March 28, 2016 will be
considered. Written comments should be addressed to: Desk Officer for
Agriculture, Office of Information and Regulatory Affairs, Office of Management
and Budget (OMB), New Executive Office Building, 725 17th Street NW.,
Washington, DC 20502. Commenters are encouraged to submit their comments to OMB
via email to:

OIRA_Submission@OMB.EOP.GOV or fax (202) 395-5806 and to Departmental Clearance
Office, USDA, OCIO, Mail Stop 7602, Washington, DC 20250- 7602. Copies of the
submission(s) may be obtained by calling (202) 720- 8958. An agency may not
conduct or sponsor a collection of information unless the collection of
information displays a currently valid OMB control number and the agency informs
potential persons who are to respond to the collection of information that such
persons are not required to respond to the collection of information unless it
displays a currently valid OMB control number. Rural Business Service Title:
Intermediary Re-lending Program. OMB Control Number: 0570-0021. Summary of
Collection: The objective of the Intermediary Relending Program (IRP) is to
improve community facilities and employment opportunities and increase economic
activity in rural areas by financing business facilities and community
development. This purpose is achieved through loans made by the Rural Business-
Cooperative Service (RBS) to intermediaries that establish programs for the
purpose of providing loans to ultimate recipients for business facilities and
community development. The Community Economic Development Act of 1981 (42 U.S.C.
9812(a), section 623(a)) provides for the Secretary the authority to make loans
to nonprofit entities who will in turn provide financial assistance to rural
businesses to improve business, industry and employment opportunities as well as
provide a diversification of the economy in rural areas. Need and Use of the
Information: The information requested is necessary for RBS to process
applications in a responsible manner, make prudent credit and program decisions,
and effectively monitor the intermediaries' activities to protect the
Government's financial interest and ensure that funds obtained from the
Government are used appropriately. Various forms are used to include information
to identify the intermediary, describe the intermediary's experience and
expertise, describe how the intermediary will operate its revolving loan fund,
provide for debt instruments, loan agreements, and security, and other material
necessary for prudent credit decisions and reasonable program monitoring.
Description of Respondents: Not-for-profit institutions; Business or other
for-profit. Number of Respondents: 240. Frequency of Responses: Reporting: On
occasion. Total Burden Hours: 24,580. Rural Business-Cooperative Service Title:
Agriculture Innovation Centers. OMB Control Number: 0570-0045. Summary of
Collection: The Farm Security and Rural Investment Act of 2002 (Pub. L. 107-171,
signed May 13, 2002) authorized the Secretary of the U.S. Department of
Agriculture (USDA) to award grant funds to Agriculture Innovation Centers
(Centers). The Agricultural Act of 2014 reauthorized the program through 2018.
The Centers provide a demonstration program under which agricultural producers
are to be provided with technical and business development assistance enabling
them to establish businesses producing and marketing value-added products. This
program is administered by Cooperative Programs within USDA's Rural Development.
Need and Use of the Information: Information is collected by Rural Development
State and Area office staff, as delegated, from applicants and grantees.
Cooperative Programs uses the collected information to confirm that the
applicant and use of funds meet the eligibility requirements for the program as
well as to assess the quality of the proposed project. Grantees are required to
submit financial status and performance reports to confirm that progress is
being made toward achieving the stated goals of the project. A final report is
submitted at the completion of the grant agreement. Centers may be non-profit
corporations, for-profit corporations, institutions of higher learning, and
consortia of the aforementioned entities. Description of Respondents:
Not-for-profit Institutions; Business or other for-profit. Number of
Respondents: 1. Frequency of Responses: Reporting: Semi-annually. Total Burden
Hours: 30. Charlene Parker, Departmental Information Collection Clearance
Officer. [FR Doc. 2016-03979 Filed 2-24-16; 8:45 am] BILLING CODE 3410-XY-P



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: February 25, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              284 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                         Deming Headlight (New Mexico)

                             June 18, 2013 Tuesday

Small Business Week declared by USDA

BYLINE: For the Headlight

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 405 words


WASHINGTON >> Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack today kicked off National Small
Business Week by highlighting USDA's actions to help rural small businesses
create jobs, get access to capital and spur economic growth. He also announced
the selection of recipients for USDA's Rural Business Enterprise Grants.

the USDA remains focused on carrying out its mission, despite a time of
significant budget uncertainty.

"Small businesses are the backbone of the economy in small towns and rural
communities, just as they are in our biggest cities," Vilsack said. "USDA
supports small businesses by providing job training, business development
opportunities, strategic community planning and other resources. We're focused
on making sure that Main Street businesses have the tools they need to grow."

USDA Rural Development State Director Terry Brunner agreed by saying, "We are
working hard to make sure that the small business in New Mexico is given the
financial support and tools needed to become successful but most importantly to
become sustainable. By doing this we are insuring that the economy will better
for many years to come."

Secretary Vilsack announced 54 awards under the Rural Business Enterprise Grants
program in 21 states -- Alaska, Arizona, California, Kansas, Kentucky,
Massachusetts, Minnesota, Montana, North Dakota, Nebraska, New Mexico, New York,
Nevada, Oklahoma, Oregon, Pennsylvania, South Dakota, Tennessee, Utah, Vermont,
Washington and Wisconsin.

Two of those awards announced today were made to the Northwest New Mexico
Council of Governments for $40,000 to provide training and technical assistance
to Native American entrepreneurs. The second award was made to the Pueblo of
Acoma-Acoma Business Enterprise in the amount of $75,000 to develop a business
plan and marketing study for the Indian food hub. Funding is contingent upon the
recipients meeting the conditions for the grant.

USDA has several initiatives underway to support small businesses and the
communities they serve. Altogether, USDA business and cooperative development
programs have had a significant impact on rural communities -- achieving record
results under President Obama. Since 2009, USDA has provided more than 15,000
loans and grants through its business programs, helping more than 60,000 rural
small businesses. For more information on USDA's business and cooperative
development programs, visithttp://rurdev.usda.gov/Business.html .

LOAD-DATE: June 19, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


          Copyright 2013 Deming Headlight, a MediaNews Group Newspaper
                              All Rights Reserved


                              285 of 998 DOCUMENTS

              Copyright 2015 GlobalData Ltd., All Rights Reserved
                            GlobalData - Investments

                                December 3, 2015

                      Associated Electric Cooperative Inc.

                      P.O. Box 754, 2814 S. Golden Avenue
                             Springfield 65801-0754
                                 United States

* * * * * * * * * * INVESTMENTS * * * * * * * * * *


AECI Completes Project Financing Of US$160 Million For Thomas Hill Energy
Center, U.S.

   6/15/2009 12:00:00 AM

   Associated Electric Cooperative, Inc. (AECI), a Springfield-based electric
cooperative that serves rural customers, completed project financing of $160
million, for upgradation of its Thomas Hill Energy Center near Moberly, north of
Columbia in Missouri, United States. The project has a total installed capacity
of 1,153 MW.

With the loan three of its coal-fired plants would be installed with catalytic
reduction equipment to reduce 90% of nitrogen oxides. The total cost of this
environmental control upgradation is $424 million. The loan was provided by the
US Department of Agriculture's Rural Development loan and grant program.


AECI Completes Project Financing Of US$40 Million For Dell Power Plant In
Arkansas, U.S.

   6/15/2009 12:00:00 AM

   Associated Electric Cooperative, Inc. (AECI), a Springfield-based electric
cooperative that serves rural customers, completed project financing of $40
million, for upgradation of its natural gas fired Dell Power Plant project
located near Dell, Arkansas, south of the Missouri Bootheel, United States. The
plant has a total installed capacity of 580 MW. The loan was provided by the US
Department of Agriculture's Rural Development loan and grant program
* * * * * * * * * * OTHER AVAILABLE REPORTS * * * * * * * * * *
Business Description                    Corporate Strategy
Company Overview                        Company Statement
Events                                  History
Investments                             Key Employee Biographies
Key Employees                           Key Facts
Major Products and Services             SWOT Analysis
Top Competitors

 * * * * * * * * * * NOTE * * * * * * * * * *

   GlobalData uses a range of research techniques to gather and verify its
information and analysis. These include primary research, in-house knowledge and
expertise, proprietary databases, and secondary sources such as company
websites, annual reports, SEC filings and press releases. Disclaimer: No part of
this publication may be reproduced, stored in a retrieval system or transmitted
in any form by any means, electronic, mechanical, photocopying, recording or
otherwise, without the prior permission of the publisher, GlobalData. The facts
of this report are believed to be correct at the time of publication but cannot
be guaranteed. Please note that the findings, conclusions and recommendations
that GlobalData delivers will be based on information gathered in good faith
from both primary and secondary sources, whose accuracy we are not always in a
position to guarantee. As such GlobalData can accept no liability whatever for
actions taken based on any information that may subsequently prove to be
incorrect.

LOAD-DATE: December 3, 2015


                              286 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               South West Farmer

                           November 11, 2010 Thursday

Kernow Grain expands

BYLINE: Stephen Ivall

SECTION: FARMING NEWS (SWF FARMING NEWS)

LENGTH: 481 words


The major development to increase grain storage facilities at Kernow Grain, near
Bodmin, is complete and four new silos, each with 1,000 tonnes capacity, are now
operational.

Kernow Grain began work to install the new grain silos in April this year after
receiving a grant of almost £380,000 from the Rural Development Programme for
England (RDPE).

The additional four silos have increased the storage facility by 30% and the
grain drying capacity doubled to eighty tonnes per hour throughput. Kernow Grain
Ltd was set up in 1997. It was established to provide drying and storage
facilities to arable farmers in Cornwall and Devon, to enable them to store and
process grain centrally. Until recently Kernow Grain Ltd had been working to
full capacity, handling 14,000 tonnes of grain and oil seed each year. The
completion of the development will help growth in existing and new markets. Of
the 4,000 tonnes of additional storage space being created, 2,000 tonnes will be
used to process existing allocations and the other 2,000 is available to meet
increased demand and to provide facilities to farmers interested in joining to
co-operative. Already Kernow Grain has received requests from farmers wishing to
join the co-operative to make use of the storage and processing facilities.

Kernow Grain Ltd, a 70-member grain farmers' co-operative, held an open event
for its members during November to showcase the completed development. Members
were able to tour the new facilities and meet the contractors from T.H. White
Installation and Gilbert Controls, who were responsible for the development.

Jeremy Oatey, Chairman, of Kernow Grain Ltd said: "We are extremely proud of the
high standard of work that has been carried out by the contractors working on
site this year. The four new silos give Kernow Grain, and more importantly our
members, even better storage and processing facilities.

"This has been a major development for Kernow Grain and securing the funding
from RDPE has enabled us to grow the business in a way that directly benefits
our members. It shows we are committed to delivering the very best products to
our customers and that we want to grow the business in a responsible and
effective way." The RDPE grant contributes half the cost of creating additional
reception and storage bins and enhanced laboratory facilities with the
additional funding from the co-operative.

The aim of RDPE, which is jointly funded by the EU and national government, is
to support the creation of genuinely sustainable farming forestry and food
sectors, thus bringing wider benefits for the economy, the environment and rural
communities. The project is part financed by the European Agricultural Fund for
European Development 2007-2013: Europe investing in rural areas and is being
delivered through the South West of England Regional Development Agency with
Defra as the Managing Authority.

LOAD-DATE: November 11, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2010 NewsQuest Media Group Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              287 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                              The Bismarck Tribune

                            November 2, 2014 Sunday

4 groups get rural development grants

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 10C

LENGTH: 139 words


Four groups in the Dakotas are getting grants through the federal Agriculture
Department's Rural Cooperative Development Grant Program.

The program aims to help develop or expand rural businesses, especially co-ops
and mutually owned businesses.

In North Dakota, the Mandan-based Common Enterprise Development Corp. is getting
$200,000 to provide technical assistance to American Indian co-ops and
businesses in the Dakotas and Minnesota. The North Dakota Association of Rural
Electric Co-ops is getting the same amount to help co-ops and mutually owned
businesses in the state.

In South Dakota, the Value Added Agriculture Development Center in Pierre is
getting about $72,000 for the same purpose. The Sturgis-based West River
Foundation is getting $750,000 to provide for low-interest loans for community
development.

- Associated Press

LOAD-DATE: November 2, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


       Copyright 2014 The Bismarck Tribune, a division of Lee Enterprises
                              All Rights Reserved


                              288 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                 BusinessWorld

                           February 9, 2011 Wednesday

Bukidnon electricity cooperative receives P135.9-million funding

SECTION: Pg. S1/2

LENGTH: 654 words


AN ELECTRICITY COOPERATIVE in Bukidnon will receive P135.9 million in fresh
financing to improve power supply to some 86,000 households in its area, the
World Bank said in a press statement it issued yesterday.

Ayala-led Bank of the Philippine Islands (BPI), the LGU Guarantee Corp. (LGUGC)
and the Bukidnon Second Electric Cooperative, Inc. (BUSECO) yesterday signed a
P135.901-million financing agreement aimed at improving the power supply in that
rural area in northern Mindanao.

BUSECO's services cover the northern part of Bukidnon province consisting of the
city of Malaybalay as well as the nine municipalities of Baungon, Malitbog,
Libona, Manolo Fortich, Sumilao, Impasug-ong, Lantapan, Cabanglasan and Talakag.

The World Bank said that the P135.901 million will be used by BUSECO to build a
10-megavolt ampere substation in Kisolon town, a 25-kilometer 69-kilovolt
transmission line from Lunocan to Kisolon, as well as replace and calibrate
meters.

The statement said the amount involves a BPI loan to the cooperative.

"The BPI financial support to BUSECO is guaranteed by the Partial Credit
Guarantee program under the Electric Cooperative System Loss Reduction Project
(ECSLRP) financed by the Global Environment Facility (GEF) and administered by
the World Bank," the statement read.

The ECSLRP, which aims to provide reliable, affordable electricity services to
rural areas while reducing carbon dioxide emissions, is funded by a $12-million
grant from the GEF.

The grant from the GEF is being managed by the LGUGC, a private corporation that
extends guarantees to water districts, electricity cooperatives, developers of
renewable energy technologies, as well as state universities and colleges.

The Partial Credit Guarantee program, the World Bank said, covers up to 80% of
the total amount of financing extended by commercial lenders like BPI to
electricity cooperatives.

The World Bank said such credit assistance is necessary since rural electricity
cooperatives being perceived as "poor credit risks," hence, qualify for small
commercial loans at best.

"This financing arrangement involving the BPI, BUSECO and our firm, the LGUGC,
is an excellent model of how the private sector, electric cooperatives, and
development partners like the World Bank could effectively work together to
address a common development objective - providing electricity to rural homes
while reducing greenhouse gas emissions that harm the environment," Lydia N.
Orial, president and chief executive officer of LGUGC, was quoted as saying in
the statement.

For his part, Alfonso L. Salcedo, BPI executive vice-president and group head
for corporate banking, said that the agreement demonstrates public-private
partnership.

"A collective effort such as this could catalyze development not only in the
power sector but in other industries as well," he said.

Edgardo R. Masongsong, BUSECO's general manager and chief executive officer,
said in the statement that the improved capacity of the cooperative should
enable it to address the power needs not only of households but also of small-
and medium-scale enterprises in the areas covered.

In the same statement, World Bank Country Director Bert Hofman agreed, saying:
"We believe that this is the kind of partnership that can deliver benefits to
the households and businesses of the country through more reliable and
lower-cost energy."

He noted that financially strong electricity cooperatives are necessary if the
full benefits of Republic Act No. 9136, or the Electric Power Industry Reform
Act of 2001, were to be realized.

"Financially strong electricity cooperatives will be better able to keep rates
as low as possible and will have a stronger hand in securing long-term power
supply agreements with investors in power generation," Mr. Hofman said.

"We are keen to work with the authorities to further strengthen electricity
cooperatives and their role in power supply in the Philippines."

LOAD-DATE: February 8, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


              Copyright 2011 BusinessWorld Publishing Corporation
                              All Rights Reserved


                              289 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                        Lincoln Journal Star (Nebraska)

                            October 15, 2004 Friday
                                  City Edition

USDA grants for wine, cheese, bean-diesel, tourism

BYLINE: ART HOVEY, Lincoln Journal Star

SECTION: A; Pg. 12

LENGTH: 467 words

DATELINE: Lincoln, NE


It was a showcase for adding both value and variety to agriculture in Nebraska.

Grants presented in Lincoln Thursday by the U.S. Department of Agriculture's
Rural Development section will support two efforts to use more Nebraska soybeans
for food, feed and fuel purposes.

Other portions of some $800,000 in federal financial support will pay for
attempts to pair wine production and tourism at Pawnee City and to study the
feasibility of farm-based production of cheese, butter and yogurt near Raymond.

"In the last four years, we've pumped $50 billion into rural development out of
this administration," said Tom Dorr, a senior policy advisor at USDA.

Dorr joined Lt. Gov. Dave Heineman, state Rural Development Director Jim Barr
and an audience of agricultural promoters for check presentations to Thursday's
procession of smiling recipients.

The annual distribution of value-added grants made a second stop later in the
day in Grand Island, where three more agriculturally oriented ideas, aimed at
chili peppers, meat and alfalfa and offered from Sutherland, Kearney and West
Point, attracted another $530,000.

"We're not bringing you money," Dorr said in Lincoln. "We're bringing your money
back to you."

The largest of the seven grants, $415,000, will go to the Country Side
Cooperative in Firth and to a feasibility study aimed largely at using more
soybeans in a mill built to replace one that burned down several years ago.

"That was the start of our dream," said Cooperative Manager Ron Preston.
"Hopefully, that dream will continue."

The smallest grant, $13,315, goes to three small dairies in the Lincoln area
that want to provide milk for a range of value-added dairy products that could
be distributed here and in the Omaha area.

"We want to set up dairy farm processing," said Krista Peeks Dittman of Raymond,
speaking for the potential three-way partnership.

The other grant recipients stepping forward at the Holiday Inn Downtown were
from the Stonebridge Vineyard and the Nebraska Soybean Association.

Jim Stewart of the Lincoln-based soybean group said that $237,300 will go toward
development of a database that could be used for site selection for a statewide
bio-diesel plant and other types of soybean-processing plants.

"We'd much rather rely on the Midwest than the Middle East for our oil
supplies," Stewart said.

The Stonebridge Vineyard will use some $92,000 as working capital at a
seven-acre vineyard, said co-owner Sharon Schilling.

"We're the third generation of Schillings who have spent our business lives
trying to revitalize small communities," she said.

"I think entrepreneurship seems like a curse sometimes," Schilling added. "But
we're among those fighting tooth and nail to provide communities that our kids
can come back to."

Reach Art Hovey at 523-4949 or at ahovey@alltel.net.

LOAD-DATE: October 20, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2004 Lincoln Journal Star,
                              All Rights Reserved


                              290 of 998 DOCUMENTS

              Copyright 2017 GlobalData Ltd., All Rights Reserved
                              GlobalData - Events

                               February 27, 2017

                   Gunnison County Electric Association, Inc.

                             37250 West Highway 50
                              Gunnison 81230-0180
                                 United States

* * * * * * * * * * EVENTS * * * * * * * * * *


Agriculture Secretary Announces Projects in 42 States and Two Territories
Designed to Improve Farm and Rural Business Energy Efficiency

   Aug 15, 2013

   Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack today announced funding for 631 projects
across the nation - including 45 in North Carolina - that will help agricultural
producers and rural small businesses reduce their energy consumption and costs,
use renewable energy technologies in their operations and/or conduct feasibility
studies for renewable energy projects.Grant and loan funding is made available
through the U.S. Department of Agriculture's (USDA) Rural Energy for America
Program (REAP), which is authorized by the 2008 Farm Bill.With today's
announcement, USDA is making investments of more than $21 million in energy
projects nationwide. Despite budget uncertainties, USDA remains focused on
strengthening the rural economy. "As part of the Obama Administration's
'all-of-the-above' energy strategy, USDA continues to work with America's
farmers, ranchers and rural businesses to help them save energy and improve
their bottom line," Vilsack said. "This program and others like it would not be
available without a Food, Farm and Jobs Bill, and again I urge members of
Congress to pass a bill when they return to Washington next month." REAP helps
producers reduce energy costs and increase production efficiency. For example:
The Tate Family Farm in Climax, N.C., will use a $7,403 grant to install an
energy-efficient geothermal system. Yarbro Farms in Lawndale, N.C., was awarded
a $15,624 grant to make lighting, heating and insulation improvements to four
poultry houses. Butler Farms in Lillington, N.C., was selected to receive a
$16,250 grant to upgrade an anaerobic digester system to produce electricity
from the farm's waste stream.Farmers, ranchers, business owners and agriculture
producers in 41 other states, the U.S. Virgin Islands and the Commonwealth of
Puerto Rico will also receive funding. For example, Iron Mountain Nursery in
Stagecoach, Nev., will use a $12,476 grant to install a 7 kW solar photovoltaic
system to provide power for its farm and nursery. This project is expected to
generate 13,000 kW of energy annually. Finca Gonzalez, a fruit and vegetable
farmer in Lajas, Puerto Rico, will use a $20,000 grant to install a 23 kW
photovoltaic system to replace 97 percent of the farm's energy consumption.
Under the terms of REAP, up to 25 percent of an eligible energy production or
conservation project can be funded through a grant, and additional support can
be provided in the form of a loan. Since the start of the Obama Administration,
REAP has helped fund nearly 7,000 renewable energy and energy efficiency
projects nationwide. Today's announcement includes almost $300,000 in grants to
19 agricultural producers and rural businesses to conduct feasibility studies
for renewable energy systems. For example: The Gunnison County Electric
Association, Inc., in Gunnison, Colo., will receive a $6,739 grant to assess the
feasibility of installing a small hydropower generating plant at the Taylor
Reservoir Dam. If built, the plant would generate 4 megawatts of power. Salmon
River Electric Cooperative, Inc. in Challis, Idaho, will use a $23,759 grant to
determine the feasibility of building a 200 kilowatt gasification system to
create electricity out of waste biomass. Pioneer Energy, LLC in Hesperus, Colo.,
was selected to receive a $25,000 grant to help fund a feasibility study on
building a 99 megawatt wind farm near Lake Andes, S.D. View the list of
recipients for Rural Energy for America Program feasibility studies. REAP offers
financial assistance to farmers, ranchers and rural small businesses to purchase
and install renewable energy systems and make energy efficiency improvements.
These federal funds leverage other private funding sources for businesses. REAP
also helps the conservation of natural resources and the development of new
forms of energy that reduces America's dependence on fossil fuels and creates a
stronger rural economy. View the list of recipients for Rural Energy for America
Program grants and loans. Minnesota REAP recipients were previously announced.
President Obama's plan for rural America has brought about historic investment
and resulted in stronger rural communities. Under the President's leadership,
these investments in housing, community facilities, businesses and
infrastructure have empowered rural America to continue leading the way -
strengthening America's economy, small towns and rural communities. USDA's
investments in rural communities support the rural way of life that stands as
the backbone of our American values. President Obama and Agriculture Secretary
Vilsack are committed to a smarter use of Federal resources to foster
sustainable economic prosperity and ensure the government is a strong partner
for businesses, entrepreneurs and working families in rural communities. USDA,
through its Rural Development mission area, has a portfolio of programs designed
to improve the economic stability of rural communities, businesses, residents,
farmers and ranchers and improve the quality of life in rural America. USDA has
made a concerted effort to deliver results for the American people, even as the
Department implements sequestration - the across-the-board budget reductions
mandated under terms of the Budget Control Act. USDA has already undertaken
historic efforts since 2009 to save more than $828 million in taxpayer funds
through targeted, common-sense budget reductions. These reductions have put USDA
in a better position to carry out its mission, while implementing sequester
budget reductions in a fair manner that causes as little disruption as possible.



USDA Announces Funding To Improve Rural Electric Service

   Oct 13, 2011

   The U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA) announced funding for rural
electric cooperative utilities to improve distribution systems and smart grid
technologies in 27 states, as part of the Obama administration's continued focus
on investments in infrastructure that create rural jobs.The announcement was
made on the secretary's behalf by Dallas Tonsager, agriculture under secretary
for rural development, during a speech to the National Rural Electric
Association regional meeting in Denver, where he also stressed the importance of
the American Jobs Act to spur job creation throughout the country.Tom Vilsack,
USDA's secretary, said, "This investment in the electric grid will help address
the growing need for electric service nationwide and spur job creation by
building out rural infrastructure," Vilsack said. "Smart grid technology can
help better manage power use, provide rate stability for businesses and create
the climate for job growth in rural America." Over $2.1 billion in loans are
provided by USDA's Rural Utilities Service, a Rural Development Agency, to help
rural electric utilities build and upgrade rural America's electric
infrastructure. These projects will fund over $40m in smart grid technologies
and will build or improve nearly 6,000 miles of line. Funding for distribution
cooperatives, which provide power to consumers, will benefit over 38,000 rural
businesses and residents. Included in the funding are three loans for Colorado
projects that will help keep electricity reliable and affordable for rural
communities. Gunnison County Electric Association will receive over $7m to build
or improve nearly 60 miles of lineover $1m of those funds will go to smart grid
technology. A loan of over $35m to Highline Electric Association will build or
improve over 280 miles of line and includes over $2m for smart grid technology.
Tri-State Generation and Transmission Association, Inc, owned by 44 distribution
cooperatives, will build or improve over 150 miles of transmission line, upgrade
substations and invest over $9m in smart grid technology with a total of $132m
in loan funds. In Virginia, a loan of $90m to Northern Virginia Electric
Cooperative will be used to build a 49.9 MW woody biomass generation facility.
The project is projected to cover approximately 6% of the cooperative's future
power needs for the years 2014 through 2030. In Georgia, a loan of almost $30m
to Amicalola Electric Membership Corporation will be used to build or improve
over 250 miles of transmission line. The loan amount includes $9,402,000 in
smart grid projects, which help utilities better manage electricity needs and
improve operational efficiencies. These investments also help rural utilities
improve their delivery and storage of renewable energy to generate electricity.
Funding is contingent upon the recipient meeting the terms of the loan
agreement.
* * * * * * * * * * OTHER AVAILABLE REPORTS * * * * * * * * * *
Company Overview                        Events
Key Employees                           Key Facts
Locations and Subsidiaries              Major Products and Services
Top Competitors

 * * * * * * * * * * NOTE * * * * * * * * * *

   GlobalData uses a range of research techniques to gather and verify its
information and analysis. These include primary research, in-house knowledge and
expertise, proprietary databases, and secondary sources such as company
websites, annual reports, SEC filings and press releases. Disclaimer: No part of
this publication may be reproduced, stored in a retrieval system or transmitted
in any form by any means, electronic, mechanical, photocopying, recording or
otherwise, without the prior permission of the publisher, GlobalData. The facts
of this report are believed to be correct at the time of publication but cannot
be guaranteed. Please note that the findings, conclusions and recommendations
that GlobalData delivers will be based on information gathered in good faith
from both primary and secondary sources, whose accuracy we are not always in a
position to guarantee. As such GlobalData can accept no liability whatever for
actions taken based on any information that may subsequently prove to be
incorrect.

LOAD-DATE: February 27, 2017


                              291 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                  The Press-Republican (Plattsburgh, New York)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                             April 17, 2015 Friday

Franklin Co. mulls broadband-grant idea

BYLINE: Denise A. Raymo, The Press-Republican, Plattsburgh, N.Y.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 453 words


April 17--MALONE -- Franklin County residents with limited, poor or no Internet
service may be able to fund, own and control a new, cooperative broadband system
themselves.

May 1 is the deadline to file a funding application with the U.S. Department of
Agriculture, which has a multi-billion-dollar grant program to improve rural
-service accessibility.

Legislators see this as an economic-development issue -- those living in less
populated, remote areas who want access can have it, and the availability, in
turn, could draw more interest from second-home buyers and outside business
investors.

LOCAL GAPS

Phil Wagschal, president of Slic Networks, spoke Thursday before the Franklin
County Legislature, at the request of Legislator Barbara Rice.

He said the study would look at four areas of the county with gaps in broadband
coverage and determine which to pursue to do the most good for the most people.

Slic already serves customers in Bangor, Dickinson, Brandon and a portion of
Malone and would look at, among other factors, which could easily be added
easily to the existing infrastructure, he said.

The company had already done service surveys in the town of Fort Covington and
Franklin, Wagschal said.

MONTHLY RATE

How a cooperative could be formed and operate would be up to the
customer/owners, he said, who would negotiate a monthly Internet rate with the
company.

Slic would tack on a small separate fee dedicated to its equipment, upkeep and
personnel, he said.

Seasonal users would likely be assessed a special rate; they would still pay the
maintenance fee each month, but the service fee would apply only to the months
they have active service.

Some areas may have too few people or households to make the project financially
possible in that community, Wagschal said, but others might get connected
through wireless or some other form of service.

The feasibility study would explore all of the options and generate a report for
the county to review and act upon.

COOPERATIVES FAVORED

Wagschal said the USDA has $10 billion to loan to rural projects "with a high
degree of compassion for cooperatives," so the region could gain some funding if
a cooperative is determined to be feasible.

Rice said the county needs to get broadband service to its schoolchildren and to
attract interest from people "who will spend dollars."

Sharon Kimball, grant administrator at Slic, will handle the application process
in cooperation with County Auditor Fran Perry and County Manager Donna Kissane.

Email Denise A. Raymo: draymo@pressrepublican.com

Twitter: @DeniseRaymo

___ (c)2015 the Press-Republican (Plattsburgh, N.Y.) Visit the Press-Republican
(Plattsburgh, N.Y.) at pressrepublican.com Distributed by Tribune Content
Agency, LLC

LOAD-DATE: April 18, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20150417-ZI-Franklin-Co-mulls-broadband-grant-idea-0417-20150417

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: ZI


                      Copyright 2015 The Press-Republican


                              292 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             July 22, 2014 Tuesday

Nevada: USDA Awards Grants to Native American Communities to Strengthen Small
Businesses and Create Jobs

LENGTH: 938  words

DATELINE: Carson City


United States Department of agriculture, The State of Nevada has issued the
following news release:

Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack today announced that USDA is providing support
to Native American communities in 18 states to help strengthen tribal business
and create jobs. The funding is from USDA's Rural Business Enterprise Grant
(RBEG) program, which promotes the development of small and emerging businesses
in rural areas.

"USDA continues to create ladders of opportunity in Native American communities
by investing in the tools needed to create good-paying jobs and raise the
quality of life for residents," Vilsack said. "These strategic investments will
help deliver more products and services to local customers, boost residents'
earnings and improve the economic vitality of these tribal communities."

Rural Business Enterprise Grants also may be used to help fund distance learning
networks and employment-related adult education programs. Eligible applicants
include local governments, non-profit corporations and federally recognized
Indian Tribes.

Since the start of the Obama Administration, the RBEG program has helped create
or save more than 73,000 rural jobs, expanded or helped establish more than
41,000 rural businesses and community projects and provided more than $170
million in economic development assistance.

Below is the complete listing of the 18 recipients receiving more than $2.7
million in USDA funding. The assistance is contingent upon the recipients
meeting the terms of the grant agreement.

Alaska

Alaska Village Electric Cooperative - $200,000 grant. To provide technical
assistance through commercial energy audits.

Arizona

Steamboat Chapter - $80,000 grant. To provide business training and financial
literacy workshops and establish an artisan association for more than 100 Native
American artists in the Navajo Nation.

California

North Fork Rancheria of Mono Indians - $216,000 grant. To purchase automotive
training equipment for 60 future mechanics.

Connecticut

Mohegan Tribe of Indians of Connecticut - $97,609 grant. To provide entry-level
job training for tribe members.

Idaho

Nez Perce Tribe - $22,554 grant. To provide federal contracting certification
training and business assistance for small businesses.

Louisiana

United Houma Nation, Inc. - $89,520 grant. To provide technical assistance and
training to 10-12 entrepreneurs seeking to start small businesses in six
Louisiana parishes.

Maine

Passamaquoddy Tribe - $99,500 grant. To establish a revolving loan fund for a
small business that will produce maple syrup.

Michigan

Saginaw Chippewa Indian Tribe of Michigan - $200,000 grant. To build a farmers
market pavilion.

Minnesota

White Earth Tribal Council - $200,000 grant. To help expand and renovate a
tribal business in Waubun.

Montana

Fort Belknap Indian Community - $317,000 grant. To help build a trading post and
establish a cooperative that will market and sell fruits and vegetables that are
not readily available to local residents, and to serve as an incubator for other
small and emerging businesses.

Nebraska

Center for Rural Affairs - $99,000 grant. To provide training and business
assistance to two small businesses in Santee and Macy that will specialize in
growing vegetables for high-value markets.

Nevada

Fort McDermitt Paiute and Shoshone Tribe - $99,950 grant. To create a revolving
loan fund to assist small and emerging businesses.

New Mexico

Capacity Builders Inc. - $50,000 grant. To provide mentoring and marketing
assistance to small and emerging Navajo artist-owned firms and approximately 50
artists.

North Dakota

Coalition of Indian Housing Authorities of North Dakota - $177,614 grant. To
establish a revolving loan fund to provide technical assistance for small and
emerging businesses that benefit Native Americans living on or near reservations
in the state.

Oklahoma

Thlopthlocco Tribal Town - $497,530 grant. To build a learning center in
Southeast Tulsa County.

Oregon

The Klamath Tribes - $98,394 grant. To provide technical assistance for planning
and developing a member-owned small business micro-enterprise program.

South Dakota

Cloud Horse Art Institute - $99,000 grant. To provide technical assistance and
training on producing professional media products.

Wisconsin

Great Lakes Inter-Tribal Council, Inc. - $99,999 grant. To provide job skills
training and financial literacy education to tribal members.

President Obama's plan for rural America has brought about historic investment
and resulted in stronger rural communities. Under the President's leadership,
these investments in housing, community facilities, businesses and
infrastructure have empowered rural America to continue leading the way -
strengthening America's economy, small towns and rural communities. USDA's
investments in rural communities support the rural way of life that stands as
the backbone of our American values. President Obama and Agriculture Secretary
Vilsack are committed to a smarter use of Federal resources to foster
sustainable economic prosperity and ensure the government is a strong partner
for businesses, entrepreneurs and working families in rural communities.

USDA's investments in rural communities support the rural way of life that
stands as the backbone of our American values. President Obama and Agriculture
Secretary Vilsack are committed to a smarter use of federal resources to foster
sustainable economic prosperity and ensure the government is a strong partner
for businesses, entrepreneurs and working families in rural communities.

For more information please visit: http://www.usda.gov/

LOAD-DATE: July 25, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              293 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                         Deming Headlight (New Mexico)

                           November 28, 2013 Thursday

Shoppers urged to support local merchants

BYLINE: For the Headlight

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 622 words


ALBUQUERQUE, N.M. >> USDA Rural Development State Director Terry Brunner is
urging everyone to support local small businesses this Small Business Saturday
celebration this weekend.

"Please take time to thank the small business owners in your community for their
contributions to the local economy by purchasing their products and services,"
said Brunner. His comments coincide with the U.S. Department of Agriculture's
(USDA) partnership with the White House and the Small Business Administration's
support of small businesses this holiday shopping season.

According to the U.S. Census Bureau there are over 28 million small businesses
throughout the United States, representing 44 percent of U.S. private sector
payroll. These small businesses also create 2 out of every 3 new American jobs.

Many jobs in rural America have been created through USDA Rural Development's
(RD) Rural Business-Cooperative programs which include; over a dozen loan
guarantee, direct loan, and grant opportunities. Generally these programs are
available to small business owners in rural communities of 50-thousand people or
less. The financial support helps small businesses expand, purchase new
equipment, receive training and technical assistance, and become energy
efficient in their operation - which lowers operating cost, preserves the
environment, and makes America less dependent on foreign fuel.

USDA Rural Development also partners with lenders, local governments, Tribal
groups, intermediaries, and cooperatives to help small businesses develop new
products and expand into new markets.

Brunner added, "So as you do your holiday shopping I urge you to please support
your local business such as the ones that have received financial support from
USDA Rural Development." said Brunner.

Some of the small businesses that USDA Rural Development (RD) supports include
many that received funds through various intermediary partners that were funded
by Rural Development.

One such business is Joliesse Chocolates located in Los Ranchos de Albuquerque
which received funding from the New Mexico Community Development Loan Fund
through a financial program offered by USDA Rural Development. State Director
Brunner and Congresswoman Lujan Grisham visited Joliesse Chocolates on Saturday
to some of their holiday shopping.

Grace Lapsys the owner of Joliesse Chocolates said, "Our business began on the
internet in May of 2012, and today we are already getting ready to expand by
leasing more space and hiring more people. We are very grateful for the
opportunity and support we have received."

USDA Rural Development provided a $500,000 Rural Microentrepreneur Assistance
Program (RMAP) loan and a $105,000 RMAP grant plus a $400,000 Intermediary
Relending Program (IRP) loan to the New Mexico Loan Fund. The Loan Fund then
provides technical assistance and financial support to small businesses around
the state of New Mexico.

USDA Rural Development also provided a $400,000 Rural Microentrepreneur
Assistance Program (RMAP) loan and a $100,000 RMAP grant to the Women's Economic
Self-Sufficiency Team, Corp. (WESST). The funding is also being used to provide
technical assistance and microloans to eligible rural microentrepreneurs for
startup and growing microenterprises. President Obama's plan for rural America
has brought about historic investment and resulted in stronger rural
communities. Under the President's leadership, these investments in housing,
community facilities, businesses and infrastructure have empowered rural America
to continue leading the way - strengthening America's economy, small towns and
rural communi-ties. USDA's investments in rural communities support the rural
way of life that stands as the backbone of our American values.

LOAD-DATE: November 29, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


          Copyright 2013 Deming Headlight, a MediaNews Group Newspaper
                              All Rights Reserved


                              294 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             October 7, 2016 Friday

Washington: Hoeven Announces More than $1.7 Million in USDA Funds for Rural
Economic Development in North Dakota

LENGTH: 292  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: Office of the Senator John Hoeven has issued the following news
release:



 Senator John Hoeven, a member of the Senate Appropriations and Agriculture
Committees, today announced that the U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA) has
awarded a loan of $1,000,000 to build medical facilities in Hazen and grants
totaling $718,117 to support economic growth in rural North Dakota communities.
The funds are awarded as follows:





 Rural Economic Development Loan (REDL)



 The Rural Economic Development Loan program funds rural projects through local
utility organizations.



 o West River Telecommunications Cooperative - $1,000,000 - The loan will be
used to construct of a hospital and clinic facility at the Sakakawea Medical
Center in Hazen.



 Rural Business Development Grants



 Rural Business Development Grants provide assistance and training to develop or
expand rural businesses with fewer than 50 employees and less than $1 million in
gross revenues.



 o City of Anamoose - $218,462

 o Dakota College at Bottineau - $130,282

 o Turtle Mountain Band of Chippewa Indians - $103,994

 o REAP Investment Fund, Inc. - $86,764

 o Tuttle Betterment Club, Inc. - $51,990

 o Bowman County Fair Association - $37,000

 o Pembina County Job Development Authority - $30,000

 o City of Michigan - $26,910

 o Sacred Pipe Resource Center - $17,000

 o City of Hettinger - $15,715



 "These grants will help support business and economic growth in rural areas and
meet the needs of these communities and their residents," Hoeven said. "The USDA
loan will help individuals in the Hazen area have better access to healthcare
and improve their quality of life."



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 8, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              295 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                 Hidalgo County Herald (Lordsburg, New Mexico)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                 June 21, 2013

USDA celebrates Small Business Week with continued investments to help rural
business grow

BYLINE: Hidalgo County Herald staff

LENGTH: 972  words


Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack this week kicked off National Small Business
Week by highlighting USDA's actions to help rural small businesses create jobs,
get access to capital and spur economic growth. He also announced the selection
of recipients for USDA's Rural Business Enterprise Grants. USDA remains focused
on carrying out its mission, despite a time of significant budget uncertainty.

"Small businesses are the backbone of the economy in small towns and rural
communities, just as they are in our biggest cities," Vilsack said. "USDA
supports small businesses by providing job training, business development
opportunities, strategic community planning and other resources. We're focused
on making sure that Main Street businesses have the tools they need to grow."

USDA Rural Development State Director Terry Brunner agreed by saying, "We are
working hard to make sure that the small business in New Mexico is given the
financial support and tools needed to become successful but most importantly to
become sustainable. By doing this we are insuring that the economy will
better.for many years to come."

Secretary Vilsack announced 54 awards under the Rural Business Enterprise Grants
program in 21 states - Alaska, Arizona, California, Kansas, Kentucky,
Massachusetts, Minnesota, Montana, North Dakota, Nebraska, New Mexico, New York,
Nevada, Oklahoma, Oregon, Pennsylvania, South Dakota, Tennessee, Utah, Vermont,
Washington and Wisconsin. Please click here for a complete list of Rural
Business Enterprise Grants awarded today.

Two of those awards announced today were made to the Northwest New Mexico
Council of Governments for $40,000 to provide training and technical assistance
to Native American entrepreneurs. The second award was made to the Pueblo of
Acoma-Acoma Business Enterprise in the amount of $75,000 to develop a business
plan and marketing study for the Indian food hub. Funding is contingent upon the
recipients meeting the conditions for the grant.

USDA has several initiatives underway to support small businesses and the
communities they serve. Altogether, USDA business and cooperative development
programs have had a significant impact on rural communities -achieving record
results under President Obama. Since 2009, USDA has provided more than 15,000
loans and grants through its business programs, helping more than 60,000 rural
small businesses. For more information on USDA's business and cooperative
development programs, visit http://www.rurdev.usda.gov/Business.html.

This assistance has also been directed toward historically underserved
communities. For example, USDA Rural Development is working closely with the
Appalachian Regional Commission on a public/private partnership to help
economies prosper. This partnership is intended to create a stronger and more
diversified Appalachian economy. It compliments several other initiatives USDA
has in place. Additionally, USDA is working in persistent poverty areas in 16
states to leverage local partnerships and grow the economy through its
StrikeForce for Rural Growth and Opportunity.

Rural small businesses are encouraged to contact their nearest USDA Rural
Development office for information about available assistance. A list of these
offices is available at http://www.rurdev.usda.gov/StateOfficeAddresses.html.

The funding announced today under the Rural Business Enterprise Grants program
will help support the Obama Administration's vision by providing rural
communities with resources to support small businesses, improve public
facilities, and create new, sustainable jobs. Funding is contingent upon the
recipient meeting the conditions for the grant.

The Rural Business Enterprise Grant program also supports the development of
local food systems. For example, in 2010, the Dutchess County Economic
Development Corporation (EDC) in Poughkeepsie, N.Y., received a $35,000 Rural
Business Enterprise Grant to support the county's Farm Fresh program. It is
designed to enhance agri-tourisim. As a result, EDC provides transportation for
more than 2,300 visitors from metropolitan areas to small farms and vineyards
throughout rural New York. The funding has increased tourism in rural New York
and expanded markets for several small businesses.

Rural Business Enterprise Grants and other USDA programs help rural small
businesses manufacture new products, expand local food systems and create jobs.
Secretary Vilsack continued a call this week for Congress to pass a
comprehensive, multiyear Food, Farm and Jobs Bill as soon as possible. Leaders
from both parties have signaled a willingness to come together and get this
critically important legislation passed. On June 10, 2013, the U.S. Senate
passed a bipartisan version of a Food, Farm and Jobs Bill. Secretary Vilsack
noted that he is encouraged by signs that the House of Representatives will
consider a bill this week.

President Obama's plan to revitalize the rural economy has brought about
historic investment over the past four years -including in America's small towns
and rural communities. USDA, through its Rural Development mission area, has a
portfolio of programs designed to improve the economic stability of rural
communities, businesses, residents, farmers and ranchers and improve the quality
of life in rural America.

USDA has made a concerted effort to deliver results for the American people,
even as USDA implements sequestration - the across-the-board budget reductions
mandated under terms of the Budget Control Act. USDA has already undertaken
historic efforts since 2009 to save more than $828 million in taxpayer funds
through targeted, common-sense budget reductions. These reductions have put USDA
in a better position to carry out its mission, while implementing sequester
budget reductions in a fair manner that causes as little disruption as possible.

LOAD-DATE: April 11, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Business

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: HDG

                      Copyright 2013 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                      Copyright 2013 Hidalgo County Herald


                              296 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               South West Farmer

                             April 30, 2010 Friday

Bigger and better

SECTION: FARMING NEWS (SWF FARMING NEWS)

LENGTH: 488 words


AFTER receiving a grant of almost £380,000 from the Rural Development Programme
for England, Kernow Grain Ltd, based near Bodmin, in Cornwall, has started work
on expanding its grain storage facility.

Four new grain silos, each of 1,000 tonnes capacity are being constructed to
increase storage capacity on site by 30 per cent. This will enable Kernow Grain
to meet continued growing demand. The new facility will also see the grain
drying capacity doubled to eighty tonnes per hour throughput.

The first stage of work has now begun, with engineers clearing and preparing the
site area ready to build the foundations for the new silos. The work is
scheduled to be completed by this summer.

At present, Kernow Grain Ltd is working to full capacity, handling 14,000 tonnes
of grain and oil seed each year, the development will help growth in both
existing and new markets.

The company is a 70-member, grain farmers' co-operative which started in 1997.
The business was set up to provide drying and storage facilities to arable
farmers in Cornwall and Devon, to enable them to store and process grain
centrally. In 2009 the intake consisted of feed barley, feed wheat, oats,
oilseed rape and beans. It is Kernow Grain's ambition to increase business in
this area and also grow business in the production of Cornish Milling Wheat, for
pasty production. Jeremy Oatey, the company's chairman, said: "Securing funding
from the RDPE has enabled us to move forward with our plans to grow and develop.
I hope that our members will be as excited about the increased capacity of our
facility as we are. This is a major development for us and shows that we are
committed to delivering the very best products to our customers. It also
highlights the success of the cooperative model in the agricultural sector.

"We have scheduled works to take place now so that the new facilities will be
fully operational by harvest time in the summer."

Since Kernow Grain Ltd was set up the business has grown dramatically.
Originally started with just a handful of farmers in the co-operative and a
greenfield site, the business has grown to become recognised as "the" facility
for grain storage in Cornwall.

Now the business looks set to go from strength to strength with what is the
largest grain cooperative facility in Cornwall.

The RDPE grant will contribute half the cost of creating additional reception
and storage bins and enhanced laboratory facilities.

The aim of RDPE, which is jointly funded by the EU and national government, is
to support the creation of genuinely sustainable farming forestry and food
sectors, thus bringing wider benefits for the economy, the environment and rural
communities.

The project is part financed by the European Agricultural Fund for European
Development 2007-2013: Europe investing in rural areas and is being delivered
through the South West of England Regional Development Agency with Defra as the
managing authority.

LOAD-DATE: April 30, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2010 NewsQuest Media Group Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              297 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           November 20, 2014 Thursday

FORM 8-K: NATIONAL RURAL UTILITIES COOPERATIVE FINANCE CORP /DC FILES Current
report

LENGTH: 312  words

DATELINE: Washington


NATIONAL RURAL UTILITIES COOPERATIVE FINANCE CORP /DC, District of Columbia, has
filed FORM 8-K (Current report) with Securities and Exchange Commission on
November 20, 2014

State or other Jurisdiction of Incorporation: District of Columbia

Item 2.03

Creation of a Direct Financial Obligation or an Obligation under an Off-Balance
Sheet Arrangement of a Registrant.


On November 18, 2014, National Rural Utilities Cooperative Finance Corporation
("CFC") closed on the $250 million committed loan facility ("Series H") from the
U.S. Treasury Department's Federal Financing Bank ("FFB") guaranteed by the
United States of America, acting through the Rural Utilities Service ("RUS").
Under this Series H facility, CFC is able to borrow any time before October 15,
2017, with each advance having a final maturity not longer than 20 years from
the advance date. In connection with any advance, CFC is required to deposit
collateral satisfactory to RUS pursuant to the terms of the facility. Interest
rates, including all fees (30 basis points of which are used to support the
United States Department of Agriculture's Rural Economic Development Loan and
Grant Program), will be at a spread over comparable maturity Treasury Bonds as
follows:


10 years or less



42.5 basis points
Greater than 10 years



55 basis points

This new commitment increases total funding available to CFC under committed
loan facilities from the FFB to $874 million. The proceeds of the guaranteed
loans are to be used by CFC to make loans for electrification (excluding
generation) or telephone purposes, eligible for assistance under the Rural
Electrification Act of 1936, as amended, or to refinance bonds or notes issued
for such purposes.

For more information please visit: http://www.sec.gov

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: November 21, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              298 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                         TendersInfo - Project Notices

                            February 20, 2015 Friday

Safety Net and Skills Development

LENGTH: 399  words


The Southern Sudan Emergency Food Crisis Response Project is financed by World
Bank  s grants totaling US$10.2 million from the Food Price Crisis Trust Fund
and implemented by the
Ministry of Agriculture, Forestry, Cooperatives, and Rural Development (MoAFCRD)
with NGO counterparts (Norwegian People's Aid, Action Africa Help International,
World Vision,
Acted, and Mercy Corps).


The project, which runs from October 2008 to June 2013, aims to increase access
to food for consumption by food insecure rural households or groups living in
six of the most distressed counties of Southern Sudan (one county each from
Unity, Upper Nile, Western Bahr-el-Ghazal, Warrap, Western Equatoria, and
Central Equatoria states). The project targets 228,500 individuals through three
main components:
a) Support to Agricultural Productivity (US$5.7 million): This component aims to
reduce vulnerability to food price escalation through increased production and
improved postharvest handling of key staples. The component also provides inputs
and tools to farming cooperatives to
expand their agricultural land. The component provides grants for construction
of low-cost food banks and granaries at the household and community levels.
b) Strengthening Community Safety Nets (US$3.7 million): The objective of this
component is to increase the ability of targeted food insecure households to buy
food by providing cash-for-work or obtain it directly through food-for-work. The
public works undertaken enhance agricultural productivity or reduce postharvest
losses. This component targets 31,300 individuals, who work for receive US$10
per day, for a period that ranges from 10 20 days depending on the task.
c) Support to Project Implementation Arrangements (US$0.8 million): This
component finances the administrative costs of implementing NGOs, project
operational costs, and the strengthening of public institutions for coordination
at the different levels. Support under this component, also defrays costs
associated with M&E.
Implementing Agency:
Ministry of Agriculture, Forestry, Cooperatives, and Rural Development
Project completion date : 2017-12-31 12:00:00
Major organization : Ministry of Finance and Economic Planning

Address : -

Financier : World Bank (WB),

Financier address : World Bank - WB
1818 H St NW, Washington, DC 20433, United States
Ph:+1 202-473-1000
fax:(202) 477-6391
www.worldbank.org

LOAD-DATE: February 20, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: 811


                          Copyright 2015 Tenders Info
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              299 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                   September 29, 1980, Monday, Final Edition

'Decisive Support' For Developing Countries Urged

SECTION: Washington Business; International Lending; Special Report: World Bank
& The International Monetary Fund; Pg. 19

LENGTH: 1026 words


The president of the Inter-American Development Bank has called upon the world's
industrialized nations to continue financial assistance to developing nations.

Antonio Ortiz Mena, in a speech before the 21st Latin American Iron and Steel
Congress in Mexico City, said that the only way that industrialized nations can
insure progress and oil-exporting nations can preserve their price gains is by
helping improve the situation of underdeveloped countries.

"There must be a frank acknowledgement by the industrialized and oil-exporting
countries that the developing countries should receive decisive support over and
above current difficulties and beyond circumstantial and transitory situations,"
he said.

Mena stated that international lending organizations should "continue their
efforts to secure a larger volume of resources to promote industrial
development."

"They must also expand the share of concessional loans in the net capital flows
entering the region, thus easing the adverse impact that the recent changes in
the financial markets have had on the external debt situation in our countries
and also reduce the average cost of external financing."

The World Bank's board of governors has accepted China's subscription to an
additional 4,500 shares of the bank's capital stock.  The authorization raises
China's subscription to 12,000 shares from the original 7,500.

In accordance with a resolution by the board, the number of elected executive
directors at this week's annual meeting will be increased from 15 to 16,
enabling China to occupy a seat.  The bank's executive directors decided earlier
this year that the People's Republic of China represents China in the Bank.

The International Monetary Fund recently prescribed the Arab Monetary Fund, Abu
Dhabi, as an "other holder" of special drawing rights (SDRs), bringing to seven
the number of official entities authorized to deal in SDRs.  "Other holders"
have the same degree of freedom as fund members to buy and sell SDRs both spot
and forward, to borrow, loan or pledge SDRs and to use SDRs in swaps.

Recent agreements by international lending and financial institutions based in
Washington include:
Export-Import Bank

A $6.9 million credit to Chambre de Commerce d'Industrie et des Mines, a
development branch of the government of Cameroon, for construction of a
warehouse complex in the port area of Douala.  The warehouse buildings will be
built by H. Kalicak Construction Co. of St. Louis.

A $20 million loan guarantee to Tame, an airline owned by the government of
Ecuador, for the purchase of one Boeing B-727-200 jet aircraft, personnel
training, avionics, ground equipment, spare parts and one spare engine.
Inter-American Development Bank

A $10 million loan to the government of Honduras to help carry out a forest
management program designed to increase production of forest products and reduce
soil erosion.  The program will improve the presently degraded pine forest in
the Department of Comayagua and gradually increase the yield to more than double
what it is today.

A $500,000 loan to stimulate handicraft production of a cooperative dedicated to
the manufacture of hand-carved furniture in Ecuador.  The program is expected to
benefit about 1,040 low-income residents of the town of Atahualpa.  The program
will expand membership in the Atahualpa Artisanal Production Cooperative,
purchase new tools and equipment, provide courses on cabinet-making and
establish an accounting and administrative system for the cooperative.
Agency for International Development

A $7.4 million grant to the government of Togo to provide safe water, health
education and means to improve village sanitation to the rural population.

A $1 million grant to the regional Sahel Institute in Bamako, Mali, to promote
the institute's role in assisting the eight Sahelian countries collect and
analyze demographic data.

A $2.4 million grant to the government of the Republic of Mali to fund detailed
design and bid documents for a 250 kilometer road linking the towns of Kayes and
Nioro in the northwestern part of the country.

A $6.2 million grant to Lesotho to contribute toward the attainment of a
prosperous, agriculturally led economy through improved planning.

A $6 million grant to Malawi to improve critical water supplies in rural areas.

A $774,243 grant to the World Organization of Cooperative Credit Unions/Credit
Union National Association to assist the Malawi Union of Savings and Credit
Cooperatives Organization develop a national credit union system.

A $4.7 million grant to Zambia to improve agricultural planning, analysis and
management.

A $2 million grant to the United Republic of Tanzania to finance imports of
scarce commodities, materials, equipment and technical assistance for the
intitutional development of the Tanzania Rural Development Bank.

A $2.8 million grant to the government of Kenya to provide isolated rural areas
with all-weather access to agricultural and social services by expanding the
network of rural roads.

A $4.8 million grant to Kenya to develop and implement a national energy
strategy with emphasis on renewable energy for rural areas.

An $11 million grant to the government of Somali Democratic Republic to provide
agricultural extension outreach throughout its bay region.

A $10 million grant to Sudan for the construction and rehabilitation of a road
between Juba, Sudan and Lodwar, Kenya to provide access to critical commodities
and domestic and international markets.

A $2.7 million grant to Sudan for the final design and engineering for
rehabilitation of two 440-kilometer roads in southern Sudan as well as for
design of a road maintenance center.

A $10 million grant to Portugal to finance technical services and commodities in
support of the Ministry of Agriculture and Fisheries' program to improve
agricultural production.

A $21 million loan and a $2.5 million grant to the government of Jordan to
finance the improvement of the existing water distribution system and to
construct new wastewater collection and treatment facilities in Ibrid.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 1980 The Washington Post


                              300 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                           Sherbrooke Record (Quebec)

                            April 18, 2013 Thursday
                                 Final Edition

MRC Memphremagog announces latest projects funded

BYLINE: Matthew Farfan, The Record

SECTION: THE BORDER REPORT; Pg. 13

LENGTH: 333 words


The Memphremagog MRC recently announced that nine new projects will be receiving
funding from the MRC's "Pacte rural" funding envelope, which is a program that
is aimed at stimulating local development in rural communities across the
region.

Applications to the program are studied by a committee, which makes
recommendations to the council of mayors, which then has the final decision. The
current round of projects is being funded in amounts ranging from just over
$3,000 to as much as $100,000.

The smallest project is the development of an outdoor leadership program for
Potton's day camp ($3,696). In the medium range, the CLD of Memphremagog will
receive support to hire someone to assist with development in Stanstead, Ogden
and Stanstead Township ($10,000), while the Municipality of
Saint-Étienne-de-Bolton will get help with the construction of a small multi-use
platform in the village park ($15,000).

The Coopérative de solidarité de Petits Ziboux will receive a grant of $23,300
to help it set up a daycare service, while the Île du Marais will get $30,000 to
assist with the reconstruction of footbridges in the Katevale Marsh.

Somewhat larger amounts will go to the Coopérative de solidarité d'Austin, which
will get $50,000 to help pay for studies and a business plan to develop a fibre
optic network in that municipality, and Sainte-Catherine-de-Hatley, which will
receive a grant for $59,600 to help with the construction of a large platform in
the village park and with the purchase of sports equipment.

The largest grants will be going to Ayer's Cliff, which will receive $100,000 to
help defray the costs of a pavilion and a boardwalk along Lake Massawippi, and
the Municipality of Hatley, which will receive a like amount to help with the
renovation of St. James Hall in Hatley Village and with the conversion of that
historic building into a community centre.

The next round of Pacte rural grants in the MRC will take place in the fall,
with the deadline for submissions on September 9.

LOAD-DATE: April 18, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:
Photo: Matthew Farfan, The Record; The old St. James Hall  overlooking the
Hatley Village Common will be renovated with the  help of the MRC.

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2013 Sherbrooke Record
                              All Rights Reserved


                              301 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                Cornish Guardian

                                 August 4, 2010
                                   Edition 4;
                                National Edition

£380,000 grain silo project will boost storage capacity

BYLINE: EMMA WHERRY

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 7

LENGTH: 346 words


A £380,000 development to boost a Bodmin company could be completed by the end
of August.

Work has started at the Kernow Grain site to install four new grain silos, each
with 1,000 tonnes' capacity. The project has been funded by a grant from the
Rural Development Programme for England (RDPE).

The additional four silos will increase the storage facility by 30% and will
also see the grain drying capacity doubled to 80 tonnes per hour throughput.

At present Kernow Grain Ltd is working to full capacity, handling 14,000 tonnes
of grain and oil seed each year.

The development will help growth in existing and new markets. Of the 4,000
tonnes of storage space being created, 2,000 tonnes will be used to process
existing allocations and the other 2,000 is available to meet increased demand
and to provide facilities to farmers interested in joining the co-operative.
Kernow Grain Ltd is a 70-member, grain farmers' co-operative which started in
1997. The business was set up to provide drying and storage facilities to arable
farmers in Cornwall and Devon, to enable them to store and process grain
centrally.

Chairman, of Kernow Grain Ltd, Jeremy Oatey, said: "We are very pleased that the
development is running to schedule and that we will have the extra storage
facility for our existing and new members in time for the harvest.

"This is a major development for Kernow Grain and securing the funding from RDPE
has enabled us to grow the business in a way that directly benefits our members.
It shows we are committed to delivering the very best products to our customers
and that we want to grow the business in a responsible and effective way."

The RDPE grant will contribute half the cost of creating additional reception
and storage bins and enhanced laboratory facilities with the additional funding
from the co-operative. The project is part financed by the European Agricultural
Fund for European Development 2007-2013: Europe investing in rural areas and is
being delivered through the South West of England Regional Development Agency
with Defra as the managing authority.

LOAD-DATE: October 6, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: COG


                        Copyright 2010 Cornish Guardian
                              All Rights Reserved


                              302 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             January 1, 2017 Sunday

Agency Information Collection Activities; Proposals, Submissions, and Approvals

LENGTH: 925  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington, DC:  This Notice document was issued by the Department of
Agriculture (USDA)



  The Department of Agriculture has submitted the following information
collection requirement(s) to OMB for review and clearance under the Paperwork
Reduction Act of 1995, Public Law 104-13. Comments are requested regarding (1)
whether the collection of information is necessary for the proper performance of
the functions of the agency, including whether the information will have
practical utility; (2) the accuracy of the agency's estimate of burden including
the validity of the methodology and assumptions used; (3) ways to enhance the
quality, utility and clarity of the information to be collected; and (4) ways to
minimize the burden of the collection of information on those who are to
respond, including through the use of appropriate automated, electronic,
mechanical, or other technological collection techniques or other forms of
information technology.





 Comments regarding this information collection received by January 30, 2017
will be considered. Written comments should be addressed to: Desk Officer for
Agriculture, Office of Information and Regulatory Affairs, Office of Management
and Budget (OMB), New Executive Office Building, 725 17th Street NW.,
Washington, DC 20502. Commenters are encouraged to submit their comments to OMB
via email to: OIRA_Submission@OMB.EOP.GOV or fax (202) 395-5806 and to
Departmental Clearance Office, USDA, OCIO, Mail Stop 7602, Washington, DC
20250-7602. Copies of the submission(s) may be obtained by calling (202)
720-8958.



 An agency may not conduct or sponsor a collection of information unless the
collection of information displays a currently valid OMB control number and the
agency informs potential persons who are to respond to the collection of
information that such persons are not required to respond to the collection of
information unless it displays a currently valid OMB control number.

 Rural Business-Cooperative Service



 Title: Rural Economic Development Loan and Grant Program.



 OMB Control Number: 0570-0035.



 Summary of Collection: The information collected is necessary to implement
Section 313(b) (2) of the Rural Electrification Act of 1936 (7 U.S.C. 940(c))
that established a loan and grant program. Rural Business Service (RBS) mission
is to improve the quality of life in rural America by financing community
facilities and businesses, providing technical assistance and creating effective
strategies for rural development. Under this program, zero interest loans and
grants are provided to electric and telecommunications utilities that have
borrowed funds from RUS. The purpose of the program is to encourage these
electric and telecommunications utilities to promote rural economic development
and job creation projects such as business start-up costs, business expansion,
community development, and business incubator projects.



 Need and Use of the Information: Various forms and narrative requirements will
be used to collect the necessary information. RBS needs this collected
information to select the projects it believes will provide the most long-term
economic benefit to rural areas. The selection process is competitive and RBS
has generally received more applications than it could fund. RBS also needs to
make sure the funds are used for the intended purpose, and in the case of the
loan, the funds will be repaid. RBS must determine that loans made from
revolving loan funds established with grants are used for eligible purposes.



 Description of Respondents: Not-for-profit Institutions; Business or other
for-profit.



 Number of Respondents: 120.



 Frequency of Responses: Reporting: On Occasion, Annually.



 Total Burden Hours: 4,781.

 Rural Business-Cooperative Service



 Title: Rural Micro-Entrepreneur Assistance Program.



 OMB Control Number: 0570-0062.



 Summary of Collection: Section 6022 of the Food, Conservation, and Energy Act
of 2008 (2008 Farm Bill) authorizes the Rural Microentrepreneur Assistance
Program (RMAP). The Secretary makes direct loans to rural microenterprise
development organizations (MDOs) that are participating in the program (who are
referred to as  "microlenders") for the purpose of capitalizing microloan
revolving funds to provide fixed interest rate business loans of $50,000 or less
to microentrepreneurs, as defined in the 2008 Farm Bill.



 Need and Use of the Information: The program provides rural microentrepreneurs
with the skills necessary to establish new rural microenterprises; to provide
continuing technical and financial assistance related to the successful
operation of rural microenterprises; and to assist with the cost of providing
other activities and services related to the successful operation of MDOs and
rural microenterprises. Microlenders seeking loans and/or grants will have to
submit applications that include specified information, certifications, and
agreements to the Agency. This information will be used to determine applicant
eligibility and to ensure that funds are used for authorized purposes.



 Description of Respondents: Business or other for-profit; Not-for-profit
Institutions; State, Local or Tribal governments.



 Number of Respondents: 75.



 Frequency of Responses: Reporting: Quarterly, Annually.



 Total Burden Hours: 3,254.

 Charlene Parker,

 Departmental Information Collection Clearance Officer.

 [FR Doc. 2016-31692 Filed 12-29-16; 8:45 am]

 BILLING CODE 3410-XY-P



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: January 2, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2017 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              303 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                        St. Joseph News-Press (Missouri)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                             January 4, 2015 Sunday

Rural broadband funds still flowing

BYLINE: Clinton Thomas, St. Joseph News-Press, Mo.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 329 words


Jan. 04--The stream of federal funds that brought rural broadband access to
Northwest Missouri continues to flow.

The U.S. Department of Agriculture will once again offer grant funds to help pay
for projects to bring high-speed Internet access to communities that lack access
to such a network.

Janie Dunning, state director of USDA Rural Development in Missouri, announced
in late December that the USDA would accept applications for its 2015 Community
Collect Program grants until Feb. 17. The amount awarded will fall between
$100,000 and $3 million.

"To move our rural communities toward their full potential, we must recognize
our global connection," Ms. Dunning said. "Rural communities and economies can
benefit from accessing the world. Unfortunately, many rural communities in
Missouri do not have access to broadband."

Much of rural Northwest Missouri gained broadband access as a result of the
American Recovery & Reinvestment Act, which set aside funds for such projects in
2009.

Grand River Mutual Telephone Corp., of Princeton, Mo., received a $40.9 million
grant in July 2010 to provide broadband access to 1,221 people and 47 businesses
in Lathrop, Mo., and the surrounding area, along with thousands more in other
communities in northern Missouri and southern Iowa. The next month, Grand River
Mutual received additional grants worth more than $23 million to extend service
to an estimated 4,300 people, 1,100 businesses and 28 institutions in the
Missouri communities of Browning, Denver, Gentry, Linneus, Meadville, New
Hampton and Purdin.

United Electric Cooperative received a $21.2 million grant in August 2010 to
build a network potentially serving 4,224 households, 58 businesses and 150
institutions in parts of Andrew, Buchanan, Clinton, DeKalb, Gentry and Nodaway
counties.

___ (c)2015 the St. Joseph News-Press (St. Joseph, Mo.) Visit the St. Joseph
News-Press (St. Joseph, Mo.) at www.newspressnow.com/index.html Distributed by
Tribune Content Agency, LLC

LOAD-DATE: January 4, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20150104-JM-Rural-broadband-funds-still-flowing-0104-20150104

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: JM


                      Copyright 2015 St. Joseph News-Press


                              304 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                         TendersInfo - Project Notices

                            August 25, 2011 Thursday

Philippines: Supplemental Project to the Rural Power Project

LENGTH: 291  words


Project ID: P072096
Project Status: Active
Approval Date 04-DEC-2003
Region East Asia And Pacific
Major Sector (Sector) (%) Energy and mining (Renewable energy) (100%)


Themes (%) Climate change (67%)
Rural services and infrastructure (33%)
Environmental Category B
Bank Team Lead Townsend, Alan F.
Borrower/Recipient REPUBLIC OF THE PHILIPPINES
Implementing Agency DEPARTMENT OF ENERGY, DEVELOPMENT BANK OF THE PHILIPPINES
The objective of the Rural Power Project for Philippines is to mitigate global
climate change caused by greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions through wider user of
clean energy technologies. With the re-allocation, the physical condition of the
solar systems will be restored; complementing this activity, the Department of
Energy (DOE) is undertaking a series of institutional strengthening workshops to
ensure that local governments can manage contractors or perform maintenance
themselves (if they own the systems directly). Additionally, DOE is working with
electric cooperatives that are piloting solar system services to households by
the cooperative; again, the main focus of this pilot is on the sustainability
aspects. This set of activities should help to reduce sustainability risks after
the Global Environment Facility (GEF) project closes at the end of 2011. As of
end-September 2010, the grant had disbursed US$5.69 million (63 percent of the
total grant amount). The objective of the proposed re-allocation, in part, is to
allow the balance of the grant proceeds to be fully committed and ultimately
disbursed by the grant closure date of Dec. 31, 2011. There are no outstanding
safeguards, financial management or procurement issues. There are no outstanding
audits for this project.

country :Philippines
Ltd.

LOAD-DATE: August 25, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: 811


                          Copyright 2011 Tenders Info
                         Syndigate.info, Al bawaba.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              305 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                         Deming Headlight (New Mexico)

                            October 19, 2015 Monday
                                   1 Edition

Udall sees growth in Luna County

BYLINE: By, For the Headlight

SECTION: A; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 629 words


"USDA-RD is a lifeline to New Mexico's rural communities, providing over $1.5
billion in

funding in the past 7 years."

Tom Udall

US Senator

DEMING - USDA Deming Day was celebrated Thursday by USDA Rural Development State
Director Terry Brunner and by U.S. Senator Tom Udall at the Mimbres Valley
Special Events Center. The highlight of the celebration was the presentation of
four certificates of obligation to fund economic development projects throughout
Luna County.

"USDA-RD is a lifeline to New Mexico's rural communities, providing over $1.5
billion in funding in the past 7 years," Udall said. "Rural communities are the
critical backbone of our state's history and our future. These award projects
are great examples of how we can provide comprehensive and long-term support to
rural communities and strengthen our economy.

Sen. Udall began a whirlwind tour of New Mexico cities last week to promote
economic growth through rural development.

During the celebration ceremony Brunner said, "Today's announcement is an
example of USDA an example of the Obama Administration's efforts to create
Ladders of Opportunities for people in rural communities facing challenges.

By elevating efforts in several important areas we are helping the residents in
Luna County have access to better electric service, the opportunity to build a
new homes and the chance to run a more profitable business.

We hope to see these efforts lift up the entire community here in Luna County"

The four certificates of obligation were given to:

· Columbus Electric Cooperative, which received a loan for $14,705,000 from
Rural Development's Rural Utility Service (RUS) to make 316 consumer
connections, and to upgrade equipment and make other system improvements.

· Luna County, received a $50,000 Rural Business Development Grant (RBDG) which
will be used to; identify, train, and provide technical assistance to existing
small and emerging businesses. The program will meet with local businesses to
tailor a training program to their specific needs.

· NM Small Business Development Center received a $84,183 Rural Business
Development Grant to provide hands-on education with an experienced business
advisor who understands their particular business needs and help them access the
tools and resources to start or build their business. Workshops will provide
introductions to topics that will directly improve the business owner's success.
The business advisor will follow-up with workshop attendees to assist the
business owner to implement the classroom information acquired as it fits their
business.

· The Southwest Regional Housing and Community Development (SWRHCD) received a
$252,872 Self-Help Technical Assistant Grant to provide guidance and assistance
to 13 low and very-low income families in qualifying and packaging loans for the
USDA RD 502 Housing Loan program. Once the families qualify for a home loan they
will help each other build their homes. The home buyers will also get homebuyer
education by SWRHCD prior to the closing of the loan. The families will also
receive technical support and hands on education on how to build their home
throughout the construction process.

"These smart investments will help Luna County create jobs and grow by enabling
more customers to have upgraded utility service, more workers to get the
training they need, more small businesses to get technical assistance and expand
their business, and more families to own their own home," Udall said. "I will
continue to strongly support USDA-RD grants and loans for projects like these
that make a difference for New Mexico families and help move our rural
communities forward."

"USDA-RD is a lifeline to New Mexico's rural communities, providing over $1.5
billion in

funding in the past 7 years."

Tom Udall

US Senator

LOAD-DATE: July 6, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: dnm


                        Copyright 2015 Deming Headlight
                              All Rights Reserved


                              306 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                         Deming Headlight (New Mexico)

                            October 19, 2015 Monday
                                   1 Edition

Udall sees growth in Luna County

BYLINE: By, For the Headlight

SECTION: A; Pg. 5

LENGTH: 629 words


"USDA-RD is a lifeline to New Mexico's rural communities, providing over $1.5
billion in

funding in the past 7 years."

Tom Udall

US Senator

DEMING - USDA Deming Day was celebrated Thursday by USDA Rural Development State
Director Terry Brunner and by U.S. Senator Tom Udall at the Mimbres Valley
Special Events Center. The highlight of the celebration was the presentation of
four certificates of obligation to fund economic development projects throughout
Luna County.

"USDA-RD is a lifeline to New Mexico's rural communities, providing over $1.5
billion in funding in the past 7 years," Udall said. "Rural communities are the
critical backbone of our state's history and our future. These award projects
are great examples of how we can provide comprehensive and long-term support to
rural communities and strengthen our economy.

Sen. Udall began a whirlwind tour of New Mexico cities last week to promote
economic growth through rural development.

During the celebration ceremony Brunner said, "Today's announcement is an
example of USDA an example of the Obama Administration's efforts to create
Ladders of Opportunities for people in rural communities facing challenges.

By elevating efforts in several important areas we are helping the residents in
Luna County have access to better electric service, the opportunity to build a
new homes and the chance to run a more profitable business.

We hope to see these efforts lift up the entire community here in Luna County"

The four certificates of obligation were given to:

· Columbus Electric Cooperative, which received a loan for $14,705,000 from
Rural Development's Rural Utility Service (RUS) to make 316 consumer
connections, and to upgrade equipment and make other system improvements.

· Luna County, received a $50,000 Rural Business Development Grant (RBDG) which
will be used to; identify, train, and provide technical assistance to existing
small and emerging businesses. The program will meet with local businesses to
tailor a training program to their specific needs.

· NM Small Business Development Center received a $84,183 Rural Business
Development Grant to provide hands-on education with an experienced business
advisor who understands their particular business needs and help them access the
tools and resources to start or build their business. Workshops will provide
introductions to topics that will directly improve the business owner's success.
The business advisor will follow-up with workshop attendees to assist the
business owner to implement the classroom information acquired as it fits their
business.

· The Southwest Regional Housing and Community Development (SWRHCD) received a
$252,872 Self-Help Technical Assistant Grant to provide guidance and assistance
to 13 low and very-low income families in qualifying and packaging loans for the
USDA RD 502 Housing Loan program. Once the families qualify for a home loan they
will help each other build their homes. The home buyers will also get homebuyer
education by SWRHCD prior to the closing of the loan. The families will also
receive technical support and hands on education on how to build their home
throughout the construction process.

"These smart investments will help Luna County create jobs and grow by enabling
more customers to have upgraded utility service, more workers to get the
training they need, more small businesses to get technical assistance and expand
their business, and more families to own their own home," Udall said. "I will
continue to strongly support USDA-RD grants and loans for projects like these
that make a difference for New Mexico families and help move our rural
communities forward."

"USDA-RD is a lifeline to New Mexico's rural communities, providing over $1.5
billion in

funding in the past 7 years."

Tom Udall

US Senator

LOAD-DATE: July 6, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: dnm


                        Copyright 2015 Deming Headlight
                              All Rights Reserved


                              307 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                 BusinessWorld

                            January 25, 2008 Friday

Japanese fund targets rural power coops

BYLINE: Maria Kristina C. Conti

SECTION: Pg. S1/6

LENGTH: 816 words


RESIDENTS in remote areas of the Philippines with limited access to electricity
are expected to benefit from a new financial package from Japan and the Asian
Development Bank (ADB), starting with a feasibility study for a project that
targets electric cooperatives, a statement yesterday of the bank said.

Electric cooperatives - small distribution utilities in which the users own
shares - operate in rural areas not served by larger national utilities.

However, even villages with access to electricity through these cooperatives
have many households that are not able to connect to the electricity because of
cost or technical limitations, ADB noted.

At the end of 2006, about 95% of the 36,030 villages in the Philippines had
access to electricity. Most of those without access are located in isolated
areas.

Hence, it said, the Japan Special Fund is providing a $550,000 grant, to be
managed by ADB, to prepare the Rural Electric Cooperatives Development Project,
specifically covering a feasibility study.

The government, through the National Electrification Administration (NEA) which
will implement the technical assistance, will provide $236,000 in counterpart
funds.

"In line with its poverty-reduction program, the Philippines is eyeing 100%
electrification of villages by 2009," the statement quoted Yongping Zhai,
principal energy specialist of ADB's Southeast Asia Department, as saying. "But
the technical and financial capability of electric cooperatives is still
inadequate to ensure quality supply to consumers."

"[We are undertaking] the feasibility study to prepare a future investment
project with rural ECs [electric cooperatives], the upgrading of distribution
systems, readiness for participation in WESM [Wholesale Electricity Spot
Market]," Yongping Zhai, principal energy specialist of ADB's Southeast Asia
department, said in an e-mail yesterday. "This initial study will determine the
scope of the investment project, its financing modality, and [actual] amount [to
be used]."

Specifically, the grant will be used to cover consultants' remuneration, travel
and other expenses such as computers, training, and reporting. "This will be
paid directly to the consultant firm who will carry out this study. ADB, in
consultation with NEA, is in the process of selecting a consulting firm," said
Mr. Zhai.

NEA Director Rod D. Padua said in a phone interview yesterday that "our part now
is, basically, to make it easier for the consultancy first to make an
assessment."

"The [consultants' report could] focus on rehabilitation of distribution lines
of electric cooperatives, participation in the spot market, acquisition of
subtransmission assets [from the National Transmission Corp.], and the
development of information technology infrastructure of the ECs," Mr. Padua
said.

NEA will provide the offices - including telephone lines and internet connection
- a secretariat, as well as all data required, he explained.

The consultancy work, which NEA expects to start in April, will stretch over 10
months.

Mr. Padua said the initial study could lead to a soft loan of $80 million-$100
million, which NEA would re-lend to qualified cooperatives.

The Rural Electric Cooperatives Development Project aims to strengthen the
technical and financial capability of electric cooperatives, particularly those
that are not viable, to enable them to provide efficient, adequate and reliable
service to rural communities at reasonable rates. Approved on July 27 last year,
the project will provide financing to upgrade distribution systems, including
acquisition of subtransmission systems from the National Transmission Corp., and
enable these cooperatives to participate in the WESM.

Launched in July 2006, WESM provides an electronic venue where electricity is
sold and bought, hence, ensuring that electricity prices are kept competitive
since their are the result of market forces. Currently operating in Luzon, the
facility's launch in the Visayas - originally scheduled for tomorrow - has been
deferred, tentatively, to Feb. 26 due to problems in the facility's
Luzon-Visayas connection. But this postponement, WESM operator Philippine
Electricity Market Corp. said last Tuesday, should give prospective
Visayas-based participants in the market more time to complete their
registration requirements and their test-run of the system.

The current preparation stage of the project focuses on providing all
documentation for processing of the loan, including technical, financial, social
and environmental analyses, as well as mitigating measures to ensure project
feasibility.

The project, in turn, forms part of ADB's Power Sector Development Program,
which aims to help develop a competitive power sector through privatization of
state power assets. An ADB project brief noted that the creditworthiness of
cooperatives has been one of the factors affecting investors' appetite for
generation assets.

LOAD-DATE: January 24, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


              Copyright 2008 BusinessWorld Publishing Corporation
                              All Rights Reserved


                              308 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                Sarke Daily News

                             March 11, 2014 Tuesday

EU ALLOCATED 15M EUR TO SUPPORT SMALL FARMERS' COOPERATIVES

BYLINE: Sarke Daily News

LENGTH: 187 words


EU  has  signed  four  grants,  totaling  to 15 million EUR, in support of small

farmers  in  Georgian  within  the  ENPARD  (European  Neighborhood  Program for

Agriculture   and   Rural   Development).   The   event   took  place  today  in

Tsinamzgvriantkari village (Kvemo Kartli region).

The  grants  have been awarded to four NGO consortiums: "Oxfam" (Great Britain),

"Care"  (Austria),  "People  in  Need" and "Mercy Corps" (Scotland), which bring

together some 16 national and international organizations, including agriculture

associations and academic institutions.

The  projects  will assist establishment of more than 160 cooperatives in all 45

districts  of  the  country, with following technical assistance, development of

new capacities and direct investments.

Signed  in  December  2012,  ENPARD  of  40  million  EUR  aims  at boosting the

production  of  food  in  Georgia and reducing rural poverty. Besides the grants

component, ENPARD also provides direct budget support to the Georgian government

for  the  implementation of the agriculture sector strategy and brings expertise

and know-how to the Agriculture Ministry.

LOAD-DATE: March 11, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1168


                    Copyright 2014 Sarke Information Agency
              Provided by Syndigate.info, an Albawaba.com company
                              All Rights Reserved


                              309 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                             Watertown Daily Times

               Distributed by Knight/Ridder Tribune News Service

                           February 28, 2006 Tuesday

Solar generator firm seeks federal funding to serve farms

BYLINE: Steve Virkler, Watertown Daily Times, N.Y.

SECTION: BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL NEWS

LENGTH: 771 words


Feb. 28--HARRISVILLE -- A fledgling solar generator company headed by
Harrisville's mayor hopes to secure federal funds to set up renewable energy
systems on local farms.

However, company officials need to find several interested farmers before May
12, when grant applications are due.

"Eight to 10 would be a good start," said Gary L. Williams, Harrisville's mayor
and vice president of operations of North Star Energy Services Inc.

Mr. Williams's company -- which he started with his son, Anthony H. Williams of
Florida -- plans to produce portable solar generators as an environmentally
friendly alternative to gas-powered models or a primary power source for camps,
farms or other locations.

While conducting research for the business venture, Mr. Williams learned about
the federal Renewable Energy Systems and Energy Efficiency Improvements Program,
which is administered through the U.S. Department of Agriculture's Rural
Development office.

And he discovered that most of that program's grant funding last year went to
Midwestern states including Iowa, Minnesota and Nebraska, while only two
projects in New York -- neither in the north country -- were funded.

Since agriculture remains one of the area's most important industries and
provides "a good share of the tax base," Mr. Williams said, he felt some of that
money should go to this region. And by working with an existing farmer
cooperative or a new "energy cooperative" of farmers, he hopes to develop a
proposal for USDA funding.

"The proposal will identify large solar energy or solar-wind energy systems that
will be designed to be grid-tied, provide emergency power in the event of grid
failures, provide stand-alone power for remote applications and be portable,"
according to the company's Web site.

"Portable doesn't mean it's got to be small," Mr. Williams said, noting that
some solar generators are the size of a trailer.

While solar panels may be roof-mounted, he said, a portable solar generator can
be adjusted to receive maximum sunlight and, being at ground level, is easier to
clean off following a snowstorm.

North Star will conduct energy assessments for interested farmers, apply for
grant funding, manufacture systems and assist in fund administration, according
to the Web site.

The company can design complete systems, including hybrid ones, using a
combination of its products and those from other companies, Mr. Williams said.
However, he said, farmers who receive grant money won't be required to do
business with North Star.

Through the USDA program, grant funding is available to farmers and rural small
businesses to cover up to 25 percent of the costs for renewable energy system
development and energy efficiency improvements, while low-interest loans are
available for up to 50 percent of project costs. Renewable energy grants can
range from $2,500 to $500,000, while energy efficiency grants may range from
$1,500 to $250,000.

This year, $11.39 million in grants and $176.5 million in loans are available
nationwide. Guaranteed loan funds not used by Aug. 1 will be distributed as
grants in a second round of funding.

Extra funding for such projects may also be available through the New York State
Energy Research and Development Authority.

Farmers may sell excess electricity back to National Grid, and other farmers
within the same cooperative could then purchase it at a reduced rate, Mr.
Williams said.

Anyone interested is asked to call Mr. Williams at 543-2137 or visit the Web
site.

Company production plans have been delayed by a pending lawsuit filed last
August in state Supreme Court in Lowville against Gary and Anthony Williams by
Harrisville-area resident Jerry W. Tucker. Mr. Tucker claims the Williamses are
using solar "trade secrets" he developed and a customer list that belongs to him
in violation of a confidentiality agreement.

While declining to comment specifically on the lawsuit, Mr. Williams has said
that Syracuse law firm Bond, Shoeneck & King conducted complete patent research
on North Star's behalf.

An increase in "backyard power" production will not only reduce America's
dependence on foreign fuel sources but also relieve the burden on the country's
electrical grid, Mr. Williams said.

"Everybody's backyard is a potential source of energy," he said.

To see more of the Watertown Daily Times, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go
to http://www.wdt.net. Copyright (c) 2006, Watertown Daily Times, N.Y.
Distributed by Knight Ridder/Tribune Business News. For information on
republishing this content, contact us at (800) 661-2511 (U.S.), (213) 237-4914
(worldwide), fax (213) 237-6515, or e-mail reprints@krtinfo.com.

LOAD-DATE: February 28, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20060228-WE-SOLAR-GENERATOR-20060228

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: WE


                      Copyright 2006 Watertown Daily Times


                              310 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           February 25, 2016 Thursday

Agency Information Collection Activities; Proposals, Submissions, and Approvals

LENGTH: 954 words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Washington, DC:  This Notice document was issued by the Rural Business
Cooperative Service (RBS)



 The Department of Agriculture has submitted the following information
collection requirement(s) to OMB for review and clearance under the Paperwork
Reduction Act of 1995, Public Law 104-13. Comments are requested regarding (1)
whether the collection of information is necessary for the proper performance of
the functions of the agency, including whether the information will have
practical utility; (2) the accuracy of the agency's estimate of burden including
the validity of the methodology and assumptions used; (3) ways to enhance the
quality, utility and clarity of the information to be collected; and (4) ways to
minimize the burden of the collection of information on those who are to
respond, including through the use of appropriate automated, electronic,
mechanical, or other technological collection techniques or other forms of
information technology.





 Comments regarding this information collection received by March 28, 2016 will
be considered. Written comments should be addressed to: Desk Officer for
Agriculture, Office of Information and Regulatory Affairs, Office of Management
and Budget (OMB), New Executive Office Building, 725 17th Street NW.,
Washington, DC 20502. Commenters are encouraged to submit their comments to OMB
via email to: OIRA_Submission@OMB.EOP.GOV or fax (202) 395-5806 and to
Departmental Clearance Office, USDA, OCIO, Mail Stop 7602, Washington, DC
20250-7602. Copies of the submission(s) may be obtained by calling (202)
720-8958.



 An agency may not conduct or sponsor a collection of information unless the
collection of information displays a currently valid OMB control number and the
agency informs potential persons who are to respond to the collection of
information that such persons are not required to respond to the collection of
information unless it displays a currently valid OMB control number.

 Rural Business Service



 Title: Intermediary Re-lending Program.



 OMB Control Number: 0570-0021.



 Summary of Collection: The objective of the Intermediary Relending Program
(IRP) is to improve community facilities and employment opportunities and
increase economic activity in rural areas by financing business facilities and
community development. This purpose is achieved through loans made by the Rural
Business-Cooperative Service (RBS) to intermediaries that establish programs for
the purpose of providing loans to ultimate recipients for business facilities
and community development. The Community Economic Development Act of 1981 (42
U.S.C. 9812(a), section 623(a)) provides for the Secretary the authority to make
loans to nonprofit entities who will in turn provide financial assistance to
rural businesses to improve business, industry and employment opportunities as
well as provide a diversification of the economy in rural areas.



 Need and Use of the Information: The information requested is necessary for RBS
to process applications in a responsible manner, make prudent credit and program
decisions, and effectively monitor the intermediaries' activities to protect the
Government's financial interest and ensure that funds obtained from the
Government are used appropriately. Various forms are used to include information
to identify the intermediary, describe the intermediary's experience and
expertise, describe how the intermediary will operate its revolving loan fund,
provide for debt instruments, loan agreements, and security, and other material
necessary for prudent credit decisions and reasonable program monitoring.



 Description of Respondents: Not-for-profit institutions; Business or other
for-profit.



 Number of Respondents: 240.



 Frequency of Responses: Reporting: On occasion.



 Total Burden Hours: 24,580.

 Rural Business-Cooperative Service



 Title: Agriculture Innovation Centers.



 OMB Control Number: 0570-0045.



 Summary of Collection: The Farm Security and Rural Investment Act of 2002 (Pub.
L. 107-171, signed May 13, 2002) authorized the Secretary of the U.S. Department
of Agriculture (USDA) to award grant funds to Agriculture Innovation Centers
(Centers). The Agricultural Act of 2014 reauthorized the program through 2018.
The Centers provide a demonstration program under which agricultural producers
are to be provided with technical and business development assistance enabling
them to establish businesses producing and marketing value-added products. This
program is administered by Cooperative Programs within USDA's Rural Development.




 Need and Use of the Information: Information is collected by Rural Development
State and Area office staff, as delegated, from applicants and grantees.
Cooperative Programs uses the collected information to confirm that the
applicant and use of funds meet the eligibility requirements for the program as
well as to assess the quality of the proposed project. Grantees are required to
submit financial status and performance reports to confirm that progress is
being made toward achieving the stated goals of the project. A final report is
submitted at the completion of the grant agreement. Centers may be non-profit
corporations, for-profit corporations, institutions of higher learning, and
consortia of the aforementioned entities.



 Description of Respondents: Not-for-profit Institutions; Business or other
for-profit.



 Number of Respondents: 1.



 Frequency of Responses: Reporting: Semi-annually.



 Total Burden Hours: 30.

 Charlene Parker,

 Departmental Information Collection Clearance Officer.

 [FR Doc. 2016-03979 Filed 2-24-16; 8:45 am]

 BILLING CODE 3410-XY-P



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: February 26, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              311 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           February 25, 2016 Thursday

Agency Information Collection Activities; Proposals, Submissions, and Approvals

LENGTH: 954 words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Washington, DC:  This Notice document was issued by the Rural Business
Cooperative Service (RBS)



 The Department of Agriculture has submitted the following information
collection requirement(s) to OMB for review and clearance under the Paperwork
Reduction Act of 1995, Public Law 104-13. Comments are requested regarding (1)
whether the collection of information is necessary for the proper performance of
the functions of the agency, including whether the information will have
practical utility; (2) the accuracy of the agency's estimate of burden including
the validity of the methodology and assumptions used; (3) ways to enhance the
quality, utility and clarity of the information to be collected; and (4) ways to
minimize the burden of the collection of information on those who are to
respond, including through the use of appropriate automated, electronic,
mechanical, or other technological collection techniques or other forms of
information technology.





 Comments regarding this information collection received by March 28, 2016 will
be considered. Written comments should be addressed to: Desk Officer for
Agriculture, Office of Information and Regulatory Affairs, Office of Management
and Budget (OMB), New Executive Office Building, 725 17th Street NW.,
Washington, DC 20502. Commenters are encouraged to submit their comments to OMB
via email to: OIRA_Submission@OMB.EOP.GOV or fax (202) 395-5806 and to
Departmental Clearance Office, USDA, OCIO, Mail Stop 7602, Washington, DC
20250-7602. Copies of the submission(s) may be obtained by calling (202)
720-8958.



 An agency may not conduct or sponsor a collection of information unless the
collection of information displays a currently valid OMB control number and the
agency informs potential persons who are to respond to the collection of
information that such persons are not required to respond to the collection of
information unless it displays a currently valid OMB control number.

 Rural Business Service



 Title: Intermediary Re-lending Program.



 OMB Control Number: 0570-0021.



 Summary of Collection: The objective of the Intermediary Relending Program
(IRP) is to improve community facilities and employment opportunities and
increase economic activity in rural areas by financing business facilities and
community development. This purpose is achieved through loans made by the Rural
Business-Cooperative Service (RBS) to intermediaries that establish programs for
the purpose of providing loans to ultimate recipients for business facilities
and community development. The Community Economic Development Act of 1981 (42
U.S.C. 9812(a), section 623(a)) provides for the Secretary the authority to make
loans to nonprofit entities who will in turn provide financial assistance to
rural businesses to improve business, industry and employment opportunities as
well as provide a diversification of the economy in rural areas.



 Need and Use of the Information: The information requested is necessary for RBS
to process applications in a responsible manner, make prudent credit and program
decisions, and effectively monitor the intermediaries' activities to protect the
Government's financial interest and ensure that funds obtained from the
Government are used appropriately. Various forms are used to include information
to identify the intermediary, describe the intermediary's experience and
expertise, describe how the intermediary will operate its revolving loan fund,
provide for debt instruments, loan agreements, and security, and other material
necessary for prudent credit decisions and reasonable program monitoring.



 Description of Respondents: Not-for-profit institutions; Business or other
for-profit.



 Number of Respondents: 240.



 Frequency of Responses: Reporting: On occasion.



 Total Burden Hours: 24,580.

 Rural Business-Cooperative Service



 Title: Agriculture Innovation Centers.



 OMB Control Number: 0570-0045.



 Summary of Collection: The Farm Security and Rural Investment Act of 2002 (Pub.
L. 107-171, signed May 13, 2002) authorized the Secretary of the U.S. Department
of Agriculture (USDA) to award grant funds to Agriculture Innovation Centers
(Centers). The Agricultural Act of 2014 reauthorized the program through 2018.
The Centers provide a demonstration program under which agricultural producers
are to be provided with technical and business development assistance enabling
them to establish businesses producing and marketing value-added products. This
program is administered by Cooperative Programs within USDA's Rural Development.




 Need and Use of the Information: Information is collected by Rural Development
State and Area office staff, as delegated, from applicants and grantees.
Cooperative Programs uses the collected information to confirm that the
applicant and use of funds meet the eligibility requirements for the program as
well as to assess the quality of the proposed project. Grantees are required to
submit financial status and performance reports to confirm that progress is
being made toward achieving the stated goals of the project. A final report is
submitted at the completion of the grant agreement. Centers may be non-profit
corporations, for-profit corporations, institutions of higher learning, and
consortia of the aforementioned entities.



 Description of Respondents: Not-for-profit Institutions; Business or other
for-profit.



 Number of Respondents: 1.



 Frequency of Responses: Reporting: Semi-annually.



 Total Burden Hours: 30.

 Charlene Parker,

 Departmental Information Collection Clearance Officer.

 [FR Doc. 2016-03979 Filed 2-24-16; 8:45 am]

 BILLING CODE 3410-XY-P



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: February 28, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              312 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                     Agweek

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           February 27, 2007 Tuesday

N.D. co-op developer sticks with populism

BYLINE: Mikkel Pates, Agweek Magazine

SECTION: BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL NEWS

LENGTH: 1216 words


Feb. 27--MINNEAPOLIS -- As a cooperative developer, Bill Patrie isn't always
popular but he's always a populist.

Patrie, 57, has had a hand in many of the farmer-owned projects that have worked
in North Dakota during the past 20 years, as well as those that haven't worked.

Honest failure doesn't bother Patrie.

"I believe people can organize, can become smart and do good things," Patrie
says. "It's not always true, but it's where I want to put my energies." Patrie
is proud of a dozen North Dakota ranchers that he helped shepherd into a
relationship with Country Natural Beef, an Oregon-based co-op, and North Dakota
producers and The Wedge, a Minneapolis consumer co-op that is one of the owners
of the fund for which he works.

Long a staffer at the North Dakota Association of Rural Electric Cooperatives,
Patrie left that job last year and became director of cooperative business
strategies for Northcountry Cooperative Development Fund, a Minneapolis-based
lender for cooperatives of all description.

The fund was started in 1978 by "a group of hippies who wanted to buy organic
vegetables." It started when a grocery store in the city wanted to borrow $4,000
to put in a cooler, but couldn't get a bank loan. Instead, they formed their own
lending pool, which today has an $11 million revolving fund and 164 members. It
also has a development fund and a community development credit union. The
average loan is $60,000 to $70,000.

Among other groups, Patrie works with Indian reservations in the North Dakota
and South Dakota, trying to establish heirloom seed businesses and hog
production. He works on cooperative housing and health care projects.

"All I do is co-ops," Patrie says.

Patrie cites Robert Kurzban, an evolutionary psychology researcher from the
University of Pennsylvania who shows that co-op thinking is not universal.
Kurzban says 13 percent of people are "born cooperators" who serve on boards and
give bigger numbers of dollars. Another 63 percent are "intolerant
reciprocators" -- the larger body of people to deal with. They give only when
they receive.

"That's the bulk of what you see every day," he says.

And there are 20 percent who are "free riders" who want something for nothing
and are proud of it.

"The middle group will give as long as they're not being 'free-ridden,' so the
key is to be transparent and identify and not tolerate free riders," Patrie
says.

Country Natural works because it tries to "select the 13 percent" in the first
place, he says.

Patrie has been thinking like this for a long time. He grew up near Bowdon,
N.D., the second youngest in a family of five. After graduating from high school
in Fessenden, N.D., he went to the Church of God's Warner Pacific College in
Portland, Ore., as a pre-ministerial student, but soon changed majors to
political science and history. He transferred to Anderson University in Indiana,
where he majored in political science, minored in religion and was student
government president.

Failing to get into law school, he went to Ball State University in Muncie, Ind.

He later met his wife at Anderson and got his master's in public administration.
After she finished college, the couple moved in 1975 to Devils Lake, N.D., where
he started working for North Central Planning Council.

He was one of a cadre of planning agency people who moved beyond zoning and land
use issues and into economic development. Patrie did staff work and financial
paperwork for Noodles by Leonardo of Cando, N.D., the state's first integrated
mill/pasta plant.

When George Sinner became governor in 1985, Patrie was tapped to head state
economic development.

Until then, economic development had focused on recruiting large industries into
the state. Instead, Patrie focused on growing industries.

When Patrie started, the department had 20 employees and a biennial budget of
$2.9 million. Five years later, the budget had grown to $8.9 million and went on
toward $23 million.

The Legislature created Technology Transfer Inc., designed to commercialize new
ideas, and the North Dakota Development Fund.

"That completely changed how we do economic development in North Dakota,
forever," Patrie says.

In 1990, Patrie left to go to work for the North Dakota Association of Rural
Electric Cooperatives. He toiled there for 16 years, building a concept of
"professional cooperative development." That year, then-Sens. Quentin Burdick,
D-N.D., and Dale Bumpers, D-Ark., pushed through funding for Rural Cooperative
Development Grants, which led to funding in 1994.

"North Dakota became the leader in providing technical assistance," Patrie says.
"About five grants were awarded the first year."

The Rural Electric and Telephone Development Center ("Rural Enterprise Center")
became the most active of any of its type.

Center of history Patrie was at the center of the 1990s "new generation"
cooperative history.

Over 16 years, he was involved in more than 104 projects, involving 30 companies
and $800 million in investment debt and equity, Patrie says.

He was there when Dakota Growers Pasta Co. started. He called the first meeting
and helped raise money for a feasibility study. The company now employs 225
people in Carrington, N.D., and has $130 million in sales, even though it has
changed to a corporate form.

In 1994, he worked on the ground floor of the North American Bison Cooperative,
when it still was deciding between locating in Washburn or New Rockford, N.D.

He helped start one big project of $263 million -- ProGold L.L.C., the corn
fructose plant in Wahpeton, N.D. It later became a venture involving a corn
producer's co-op and two sugar co-ops.

Patrie was the incorporating secretary of what initially was Northern Corn
Growers, before it became Golden Growers Cooperative. He helped start the
Cloverdale Growers Alliance and helped form the North Dakota Dairy Coalition.

In 1995, Patrie was "intentional" chief executive officer of the Northern Plains
Premium Beef Co-op and staffed the launch of an equity drive that raised $11.8
million and commitments for 118,000 cattle. The would-be co-op was the cover
story for the March 25, 1997, Wall Street Journal, but by 1998, it dissolved
because it had fallen short of its equity goals.

The effort went on as Dakota Beef Development Corp. and then into Dakota Beef
Cooperative in 2000. Patrie's efforts helped snag an Ag Innovation Center Grant
of $1 million. Patrie expected it to be used in connection with Dakota Beef
Cooperative, but that fizzled and the funds later were linked to North Dakota
State University's Beef Centers of Excellence program, which also wants to get
into the "natural" beef market.

Patrie still believes in co-ops and looks for ways to keep them fresh and
vibrant. That's hard. The first generation that builds a co-op tends to "see
over the horizon" and sacrifice. By the third generation, members focus more on
"trying to get through the day, trying to make the books balance," he says.

]

To see more of Agweek, or to subscribe to the magazine, go to
http://www.agweek.com. Copyright (c) 2007, Agweek Magazine Distributed by
McClatchy-Tribune Business News. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: February 28, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20070227-AW-CO-OPS-FARMERS-20070227

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: AW


                             Copyright 2007 Agweek


                              313 of 998 DOCUMENTS

              Copyright 2017 GlobalData Ltd., All Rights Reserved
                              GlobalData - Events

                                February 7, 2017

                 Poudre Valley Rural Electric Association, Inc.

                                 7649 REA Pkwy
                               Fort Collins 80528
                                 United States

* * * * * * * * * * EVENTS * * * * * * * * * *


Board of Directors Approves 2017 Rates: Poudre Valley REA

   Dec 27, 2016

   The PVREA Board of Directors approved the proposed 2017 rates at the November
board meeting. After receiving comments from members at the public rate hearing
on November 29, the Board of Directors voted and approved changes to rate
tariffs for 2017.<span id="ctl00_mainContent_ctl00_News">This increase results
in about a 1.7% overall increase to PVREA members. The 2017 rate changes are the
result of a four percent rate increase from PVREA&rsquos wholesale power
provider. PVREA did not increase any rates for PVREA operating costs. The
average residential member will see a little over $2 per month increase on their
bill.</span>


Skylark II Solar Facility Energized

   Oct 06, 2016

   Another two-megawatts of solar energy has been added to PVREA's energy
portfolio. The Cooperative energized Skylark II, an addition to the existing
Skylark Solar Facility in Weld County. Through a 20-year Power Purchase
Agreement with Silicon Ranch Corporation, over 24,000 more solar panels were
installed that generates enough energy to power 460 homes.&ldquoWith the
continuation of added load to our system and the competitive pricing large-scale
solar projects offer, adding another source of renewable energy to our
members&rsquolocal electric grid makes sense,&rdquoPVREA CEO Jeff Wadsworth
explains.


Funding Awarded for Two Small Hydropower Projects

   Mar 02, 2016

   Two small hydropower projects have been awarded grants through the "Advancing
Colorado's Renewable Energy and Energy Efficiency" (ACRE) program. Both hydro
projects generate electricity as water flows to the fields through irrigation
pipelines.The funding is part of the Regional Conservation Partnership Program
(RCPP) through the U.S. Department of Agriculture's Natural Resources
Conservation Service (NRCS). The RCPP small hydropower program provides funding
for technical and financial assistance to agricultural producers to install and
maintain projects that address natural resource concerns in Colorado."The
program addresses water quantity, water quality, and energy resource concerns by
helping farmers upgrade outdated and labor intensive flood irrigation systems to
more efficient pressurized irrigation systems using hydropower, or retrofit
existing sprinkler systems with a hydropower component," said Sam Anderson,
CDA's Energy Specialist. "Over the next three years, the project plans to
install 30 hydro-mechanical or hydro-electric power systems across
Colorado."2015 Grant Recipients:- Park Family Farm, Kersey, Colo., will receive
$9,568 to install hydroelectric turbines that generate 10 kW of power for
operating two center-pivot irrigation systems on 125 acres. The hydro turbines
will power the center pivots through a net-metering agreement with Poudre Valley
Rural Electric Association. - Susan Raymond, Hotchkiss, Colo., will receive
$11,400 to install hydro-electric turbines for generating 8 kW through a
net-metering agreement with Delta-Montrose Electric Association. The hydropower
will produce electricity to run three center pivots on 37 acres and provide
electricity for an on-site veterinary practice. In addition to the $20,968
awarded by the ACRE program, the two projects will receive combined funding of
$28,100 from the USDA's Natural Resources Conservation Service Environmental
Quality Incentive Program (EQIP) and additional funding from the USDA's Rural
Development REAP (Rural Energy for America Program) Program. These funds are
made possible through the RCPP Pressurized Irrigation Small Hydropower
Partnership Project, a partnership between CDA's ACRE program and the NRCS, with
the support of USDA Rural Development. The two grant recipients will use the
funding to pay for the hydro turbines, improvements to the irrigation systems
and pipelines, and water management planning.Now Accepting Applications: CDA is
currently accepting applications for the next round of RCPP Irrigation Hydro
Projects and will award funding for six more projects this year.


Construction of Solar Facilities Underway: Silicon Ranch Corporation

   Oct 26, 2015

   Nashville-based renewable energy provider Silicon Ranch Corporation and the
Phoenix-based Renewable Energy Team of McCarthy Building Companies, Inc.
announce that construction is underway at Silicon Ranch's 8-Megawatt (MW)AC
solar power project in Weld County, Colorado that will provide power to Poudre
Valley Rural Electric Association (PVREA) for the next twenty years.Poudre
Valley REA announced earlier this year their signed Purchase Power Agreement
with Silicon Ranch to develop the large 8-megawatt project that will deliver
renewable energy to PVREA members in Northern Colorado."PVREA strives to be
leading-edge in affordable and reliable energy in Northern Colorado for our
members, and continually researches ways to further diversify the resource base.
We're pleased to be providing renewable energy to our members that maintains
reliability, makes economic sense for the membership and conserves natural
resources," PVREA CEO Jeff Wadsworth said. Silicon Ranch, owner and operator of
the solar project, selected McCarthy, one of the largest American-owned
construction firms, for its extensive track record with utility-scale power
projects. McCarthy has an office in Denver and is expanding its renewable
operations in Northern Colorado with plans to secure various local
subcontractors and craftsmen to provide on-site construction work for the
3-month project, which began on September 17, 2015. Silicon Ranch President and
CEO Matt Kisber said, "As long-term owners of our projects across the nation,
Silicon Ranch takes great pride in being excellent neighbors and active partners
with the communities where we do business. To that end, we have spent
considerable time and effort over the past several months listening, learning,
and responding to various stakeholders in Weld County. We're excited about the
environmental and economic benefits this project will bring to the PVREA
membership, the community, and the surrounding region." Once construction
completes in December, the 8 MWAC solar project will produce clean electrical
power from nearly 100,000 solar modules, enough to power some 1,300 households.
The solar initiative includes two Northern Colorado project sites of
approximately 70 acres each"Valley View Solar" is located in Greeley, near the
Windsor substation, and "Skylark Solar" is located near Severance, close to the
Carey substation. "Although it is too early to share exact figures the solar
field represents a substantial investment on the part of Silicon Ranch in Weld
County and, based on experience, is expected to result in over $8 million
dollars of economic benefit during the construction phase alone," said Kisber.
"McCarthy is honored to partner with Silicon Ranch for this solar power
project," said Scott Canada, vice president of Renewable Energy at McCarthy. "We
understand the challenges facing solar facility owners contracting for new solar
assets and look forward to providing our expertise in utility solar for
successfully building this important project for Silicon Ranch and PVREA."


New solar farms underway in Weld County

   Oct 26, 2015




PVREA And CEC Sign Agreement To Construct Solar PV Project In US

   Mar 12, 2013

   Poudre Valley Rural Electric Association, Inc. (PVREA) and Clean Energy
Collective, LLC (CEC) signed an agreement to construct a second community solar
farm for PVREA consumers in US. The new array will be more than four times the
size of the first one at 500,000 W. The site for the new array is still to be
determined. The first facility was constructed at the PVREA headquarters near
Windsor but space requirements will not allow further expansion at that site.The
facility will provide an opportunity for members of the electric cooperative to
purchase solar power to offset the electric use.CEC will fund construction of
the project and PVREA will purchase the electricity under a purchase power
agreement. Once completed, PVREA consumers may purchase individual panels and
the electric bills will be credited for the electricity generated each month.
Both residential and small commercial accounts may participate in the program.
The environmental impact over the life of the array is equal to taking
17,000,000 automobile miles off the road. Brad Gaskill, CEO of PVREA, said, "The
board of directors and management carefully evaluated the initial project and
were very pleased with its success. This expansion is an affirmation of our
commitment to economically incorporate renewable energy initiatives that allow
our consumers to benefit from a more diverse energy portfolio." Paul Spencer,
founder and CEO of CEC, said, "The fact that the first phase sold out before it
was even completed shows that Poudre Valley REA's members are committed to using
locally-produced renewable energy."


USDA Announces Recipients For Energy Audits, And Renewable Energy Development
Assistance

   Mar 30, 2012

   The U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA) selected for funding 10 projects
nationwide to help rural small businesses and agricultural producers reduce
energy consumption and implement renewable energy technologies. The funding will
be made available through the Rural Energy for America Program (REAP), which was
authorized by the 2008 Farm Bill.Tom Vilsack, secretary for USDA, said, "For the
first time in 13 years, imported oil accounts for less than 50% of the oil
consumed in America. That is because we are producing more domestically, using
more alternative fuels, and using less energy through energy efficiency efforts.
Through the REAP program, USDA has partnered with more than 13,000 of America's
farmers, ranchers and rural businesses to save energy and improve their bottom
line by installing renewable energy systems and energy efficiency solutions.
USDA will continue to help make America more energy efficient, and in doing so,
more competitive by encouraging rural small businesses to continue to build
renewable energy systems."In Cumberland county, Maine the Greater Portland
Council of Governments has been selected for an $80,000 grant to develop on- and
off-shore wind projects. In Somerset county, the Maine Community College System
(Kennebec Valley Community College) has been selected to receive a $100,000
grant to provide four energy audits and renewable energy development assistance
for 140 agricultural producers and rural small businesses across the state. In
Weld, Larimer and Boulder Counties, Colorado, the Poudre Valley Rural Electric
Association, Inc. has been selected for a $50,000 grant to conduct energy audits
for farmers, ranchers, and rural small businesses in making energy-efficiency
improvements to their operations. It is estimated that 140 rural businesses and
60 agricultural producers will be assisted through this project. REAP loan
guarantees and grants can be used for renewable energy systems and energy
efficiency improvementsand grants for feasibility studies, renewable energy
development assistance and energy audits. Funding of each recipient is
contingent upon the recipient meeting the conditions for the grant. The
following is a complete list of award recipients announced. Energy audits and
renewable energy development assistance recipients by state Arizona Navajo
Tribal Utility Authority$100,000 grant Colorado Poudre Valley Rural Electric
Association, Inc.$50,000 grant Florida Talquin Electric Cooperative,
Inc.$100,000 grant Georgia University of Georgia$100,000 grant Kentucky
University of Louisville Research Foundation, Inc.$100,000 grant Maine Greater
Portland Council of Governments$80,000 grant Maine Community College
System$100,000 grant Oregon Oregon Department of Energy$100,000 grant Washington
Washington State University$90,000 grant WisconsinDairyland Power Cooperative$
60,000 grant.


PVREA And CEC Enter Into Agreement To Launch PVREA's Community Solar Program

   Mar 09, 2012

   Poudre Valley Rural Electric Association Inc. (PVREA) and the Clean Energy
Collective (CEC) of Carbondale, Colorado entered into an agreement to launch
PVREA's community solar program with a solar garden at the PVREA headquarters
site near Windsor. The facility will provide an opportunity for members of the
electric cooperative to purchase solar panels to offset their electric use.The
project will encompass more than 400 solar panels generating 115,000 W of
electricity. CEC will fund construction of the project, slated for late spring,
2012. Once completed, PVREA consumers may purchase panels for $618 per panel and
will receive monthly bill credits for the power produced by their panels. Under
the power purchase agreement, the project may be expanded up to 2 MW as new
members join.Brad Gaskill, CEO of PVREA, said, "We are committed to economically
incorporating renewable energy initiatives and seeking ways for our consumers to
benefit from a more diverse energy portfolio. Clean Energy Collective provided a
turn-key solution that we can easily integrate and will be attractive for our
consumers." The solar garden concept allows all consumers to participate in
renewable energy, including renters, those with poorly sighted properties and
individuals of all income levels, without having to build a costly system of
their own, and reap the benefits directly on their monthly electric bills
through the utility. Paul Spencer, founder and president of CEC, said, "Poudre
Valley is an ideal partner for community solar and we look forward to offering
all of their consumers the opportunity to benefit from solar ownership."


USDA Announces Rural Electric Funding To Benefit Rural Residents

   Apr 06, 2011

   The U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA) has announced that 10 rural
electric cooperatives and utilities have been awarded funding to build or expand
transmission and distribution lines and provide smart grid technology to benefit
nearly 20,000 rural consumers. The department is announcing loans totaling
$376m, including nearly $14m in smart grid technology.The funds are being
awarded through USDA Rural Development's Rural Utilities Service to assist
electric utilities with upgrades, expansion, maintenance and replacement of
rural America's electric infrastructure. Smart grid technology, such as advanced
metering, can provide data to consumers and utilities to better manage power use
and costs. USDA Rural Development also helps fund energy conservation and
renewable energy projects.Tom Vilsack, USDA's secretary, said, "This funding
will lay the foundation for sustainable economic growth by out-building and
out-innovating our competition to build a more robust rural economy. The
investments rural electric cooperatives make in infrastructure and smart grid
technology highlight the importance of innovation in ensuring a constant and
affordable supply of electricity." The following is a list of rural utilities
that were awarded funding, which is contingent upon the borrowers meeting the
conditions in the loan agreement. Arkansas, MissouriCarroll Electric Cooperative
Corporation â[#x20ac]" $109,406,000. Funds will be used to connect 8,920 new
consumers, build 268 miles of new distribution line and 22 miles of transmission
line, and make other system improvements. Arizona, New Mexico:Navopache Electric
Cooperative, Inc. â[#x20ac]" $49,329,000. Funds will be used to connect 2,640
new consumers, build 93 miles of new distribution line, make improvements to 36
miles of distribution line, and make other system improvements, including $5.8m
in smart grid technologies. ColoradoPoudre Valley Rural Electric Association
â[#x20ac]" $43,246,000. Funds will be used to connect 2,069 new consumers, build
54 miles of new distribution line, make improvements to 186 miles of
distribution line, and make other system improvements, including $6.7m in smart
grid technologies. Georgia, Alabama, FloridaGeorgia Transmission Corporation
â[#x20ac]" $75,327,000. Funds will be used for transmission system projects to
build 21 miles of new transmission line and three new substations.
KansasSouthern Pioneer Electric Company â[#x20ac]" $30,000,000. Funds will be
used to connect 480 new consumers, build 18 miles of new distribution line and 8
miles of transmission line, and make other system improvements, including
$825,000 in smart grid technologies. MarylandSouthern Maryland Electric
Cooperative â[#x20ac]" $37,000,000. Funds will be used to serve 3,691 consumers,
build 155 miles of new distribution line, make improvements to 71 miles of
existing distribution line, and make other system improvements.
MinnesotaBeltrami Electric Company â[#x20ac]" $9,057,000. Funds will be used to
connect 602 new consumers, build 46 miles of new distribution line, make
improvements to 56 miles of distribution line, and make other system
improvements, including $185,500 in smart grid technologies. MissouriOzark
Electric Cooperative â[#x20ac]" $10,000,000. Funds will be used to connect 605
new consumers, build 52 miles of new distribution line, and make other system
improvements. Missouri, IowaGrundy Electric Cooperative â[#x20ac]" $2,000,000.
Funds will be used to connect 79 new consumers, build 4 miles of new
distribution line, and make other system improvements. South DakotaDakota Energy
Cooperative, Inc. â[#x20ac]" $10,695,000. Funds will be used to connect 253 new
consumers, build 51 miles of new distribution line, make improvements to 255
miles of distribution line, and make other system improvements, including
$175,904 in smart grid technologies.
* * * * * * * * * * OTHER AVAILABLE REPORTS * * * * * * * * * *
Business Description                    Company Overview
Company Statement                       Events
History                                 Key Employees
Key Facts                               SWOT Analysis
Top Competitors

 * * * * * * * * * * NOTE * * * * * * * * * *

   GlobalData uses a range of research techniques to gather and verify its
information and analysis. These include primary research, in-house knowledge and
expertise, proprietary databases, and secondary sources such as company
websites, annual reports, SEC filings and press releases. Disclaimer: No part of
this publication may be reproduced, stored in a retrieval system or transmitted
in any form by any means, electronic, mechanical, photocopying, recording or
otherwise, without the prior permission of the publisher, GlobalData. The facts
of this report are believed to be correct at the time of publication but cannot
be guaranteed. Please note that the findings, conclusions and recommendations
that GlobalData delivers will be based on information gathered in good faith
from both primary and secondary sources, whose accuracy we are not always in a
position to guarantee. As such GlobalData can accept no liability whatever for
actions taken based on any information that may subsequently prove to be
incorrect.

LOAD-DATE: February 7, 2017


                              314 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                             The News International

                           November 29, 2014 Saturday

Canada grants $9.4mn

SECTION: Vol. 24 No. 280

LENGTH: 201  words


Punjab Board of Investment and Trade (PBIT)'s technical facilitation has secured
$9.4 million Canadian grant for the economic empower of rural women, a
spokesperson said on Friday.

The grant is for the project entitled "Rural Women's Economic Empowerment
through Enhanced Participation in South Punjab's Dairy Sector".

The spokesperson said the grant would be used to economically empower poor rural
women, their families and communities by strengthening the dairy sector and
increasing the participation and decision making capacity of Pakistani women in
supplying quality milk to the market processors and consumers. Director
Agriculture, Livestock and Dairy Development PBIT Dr Suhail Saleem provided
technical facilitation for the project.

PBIT would work with Plan International, Pakistan to implement the Department of
Foreign Affairs, Trade and Development, Government of Canada-funded project.

The project aims at supporting 350 village level Farmers Milk Cooperative (FMCs)
in three districts of Punjab.

The newly organised FMCs will have up to 75 percent women members, in addition
to 50 percent mandatory representation of women voices and their perspectives
would influence cooperative decision making.

LOAD-DATE: March 10, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2014 The News International
                              All Rights Reserved


                              315 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                              The Bismarck Tribune

                          September 19, 2001 Wednesday

Five state ag ventures will receive grants

LENGTH: 288 words


Five North Dakota value-added agricultural ventures added some value with grant
money from the USDA Rural Development Program totaling $1.7 million. The money
is for product market development. The money went to projects in Mandan, Leeds,
Fargo, Northwood and Harvey.

It's part of 32 grants totaling $10 million that went out to projects in 21
states. The funds come through USDA's Value-Added Agricultural Product Market
Development Grants Program. In Mandan, $91,850 will go to Dakota Beef
Cooperative, a closed co-op that intends to buy an existing high-quality beef
packing, processing and marketing company. The money will be used to conduct a
membership and equity drive. The other four grants went to: n Golden Plains
Frozen Foods LLC of Leeds. The $500,000 grant will be used as working capital
for the start of operations of a facility that produces fresh frozen filled
pasta, such as ravioli. n United Spring Wheat Processors Cooperative of Fargo.
The $500,000 grant will be used for market development of new products. n Dakota
Halal Processing Company Inc. of Harvey. The $487,708 will be used mainly for
packaging design, advertising, promotion and operating expenses. The company
produces a variety of Halal products, including Kubbah. n Dakota Lamb Growers
Cooperative of Northwood. The $144,000 will be used to pay salaries, marketing
costs and label and packaging design. The group is looking to expand the amount
of natural lamb sold by marketing four new processed lamb products. "North
Dakota value-added enterprises competed for these grants with some of the most
innovative proposals in the country," said Gov. John Hoeven. "Now they'll have
the capital to start or expand new operations around the state."

LOAD-DATE: May 17, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


       Copyright 2001 The Bismarck Tribune, a division of Lee Enterprises
                              All Rights Reserved


                              316 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                   Turtle Mountain Star (Rolla, North Dakota)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                November 4, 2013

Internet service may pick up speed

BYLINE: Turtle Mountain Star staff

LENGTH: 390  words


Officials who are working to provide Internet service in rural areas of North
Dakota say they are trying to fulfill the need for speed.

Jasper Schneider, state director for the Agriculture Department's rural
development agency, which manages a broadband grant program, said the focus is
changing from just getting rural residents connected to getting them high-speed
fiber-optic service.

"We've moved past the point of just having connectivity. We're living in a data
rich environment with streaming video and enriched websites," Schneider said
Monday. "High speed internet is permanently changing the game for rural."

The challenge, Schneider said, is the cost. The rural development office
recently announced a $6 million grant to BEK Communications Cooperative that
will help provide fiber-to-the-home technology to a small, Sparsely populated
area of Barnes County, in southeastern North Dakota.

It takes a lot of work to reach limited customers in areas of low population
density.

"It's expensive to put fiber in the ground and dig the trench from point A to
point B, because you have less of a user base," Schneider said. "Having this
backbone is significant in making sure that we're not just having connectivity
everywhere, but making sure it's a high-speed connection."

The USDA said it has invested more than $344 million in North Dakota broadband
and telecommunications projects since 2009.

David Crothers, executive vice president of the North Dakota Association of
Telecommunications Cooperatives, said Monday that the 13 telephone cooperatives
and five small commercial companies he represents are spending $110 million a
year upgrading broadband service.

Those companies should have 100 percent fiber-to-the-home service in place by
2017, which would cover more than 96 percent of the state's geographic
territory, he said.

"We're going gangbusters," Crothers said. "We're going 100 miles per hour."

Schneider said that customers are no longer satisfied with dial-up service or
even a slow DSL or wireless service. He said the goal is to get everyone's
service to three megabits per second and above.

"We're going to fiber because there's nothing better than fiber," Crothers said.
"It's got such huge capacity and huge speed. We can send video over it, and
that's what everybody wants right now.

"Of course," he added, "speed costs more."

LOAD-DATE: September 19, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Technology

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: TUR

                      Copyright 2013 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                      Copyright 2013 Turtle Mountain Star


                              317 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                        Duluth News-Tribune (Minnesota)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            February 13, 2012 Monday

BRIEF: Duluth growers win grant to study feasibility of farmer cooperative

BYLINE: Duluth News Tribune, Minn.

SECTION: BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL NEWS

LENGTH: 228 words


Feb. 13--A group of Duluth area growers have won a $19,000 federal grant to
explore the feasibility of setting up a cooperative of local farmers and
producers.

The Duluth Market Gardeners and Berry Association will receive the grant from
the Department of Agriculture's Office of Rural Development.

The group will use the grant to pay for a study looking into establishing a
formal farmer cooperative made up of independent producers at the Duluth Farmers
Market.

The grant is intended to help small and independent producers to develop
value-added products. These are products whose value is increased during
production or processing, such as turning raspberries into jam.

Together, Minnesota senators Amy Klobuchar and Al Franken announced the grant on
Tuesday.

"This support will help develop local markets and ensure that Duluth's family
farmers and producers can continue to grow their businesses well into the
future," Klobuchar said in a statement.

Franken noted the role of family farms in job creation and the state's economy.

"This funding will allow Duluth's family farmers to expand their operations and
continue to produce the top quality products

enjoyed by people all over the country," he said.

___ (c)2012 the Duluth News Tribune (Duluth, Minn.) Visit the Duluth News
Tribune (Duluth, Minn.) at www.duluthnewstribune.com Distributed by MCT
Information Services

LOAD-DATE: February 13, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20120213-DU-BRF-Duluth-growers-win-grant-to-study-feasibility-of-farmer-
cooperative-0213-20120213

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: DU


                       Copyright 2012 Duluth News-Tribune


                              318 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               New Indian Express

                          September 19, 2015 Saturday

Size Does Matter for Financial Inclusion

LENGTH: 418 words

DATELINE: Chennai


Chennai, Sept. 19 -- The RBI's decision to grant licences for 10 Small Finance
Banks, just a few weeks after allowing 12 Payments Banks, reflects India's shift
from operating a small number of large banks to having a large number of small
banks to aid financial inclusion. Undeniably, small banks play an important role
in credit supply to small businesses, farmers and other unorganised entities.
They require less infrastructure and staff, have low operational expenses,
improve penetration, carry a 'local feel' and offer services suiting cultural
synergies. There are precedents in this regard. For instance, there are
7,000-odd small community banks in the US focusing on 'relationship banking.'

Interestingly, this is not a first for India either. Our brush with small banks
started in 1996, when the RBI opened up to Local Area Banking (LAB) - conceived
as low-cost structures to provide competitive financial services in rural and
semi-urban areas. Of the six LABs, two were shut down owing to mismanagement.
The overall performance of the other LABs is less than satisfactory due to their
inherent weaknesses - small size and concentration risk. The RBI has to exercise
caution now, and issues relating to size, area of operations, regulatory
prescriptions, corporate governance, and resolution need to be suitably
addressed. Not because two LABs were shut, but performance of our regional banks
also leaves much to be desired. As on March, 2013, there are 64 Regional Rural
Banks, 1,606 Urban Cooperative Banks, 31 State Cooperative Banks, 371 District
Central Cooperative Banks, 20 State Cooperative Agriculture & Rural Development
Banks and 697 Primary Cooperative Agriculture & Rural Development Banks. But
their performance has been unsatisfactory due to fundamental weaknesses, also
inherent in the business model of small banks like narrow capital base,
restrictive geographic jurisdiction and concentration of risk.

Failure of a few small banks may not have systemic consequences, but it is
possible that more small banks may increase failures given their latent
vulnerability. There's an urgent need for robust resolution framework and quick
settlement processes. There is merit in allowing new players, but specific risks
on account of the business model, among others, must be addressed.

Published by HT Syndication with permission from New Indian Express. For any
query with respect to this article or any other content requirement, please
contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: September 18, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2015 Expressbuzz.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              319 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                           Heavener Ledger (Oklahoma)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                 August 2, 2012

Oklahoma Counties Selected To Take Part In National Economic Development
Opportunity

BYLINE: Heavener Ledger staff

LENGTH: 597  words


The Kiamichi Regional Team and Western Oklahoma 1-40 Corridor programs have been
announced as the two Oklahoma areas that will take part in OK-SET, part of Phase
Three of "Stronger Economies Together," a partnership between the U.S.
Department of Agriculture Rural Development and the Cooperative Extension
Service.

"SET is a proven, highly interactive program that helps rural residents and
leaders build regional partnerships focused on their particular economic
strengths," said Brian Whitacre, Oklahoma State University Cooperative Extension
rural development specialist and an associate professor in the department of
agricultural economics.

Oklahoma was one of seven states selected to participate in Phase Three of the
collaborative program. The Kiamichi Regional Team is comprised of Choctaw,
Haskell, Latimer, Leflore,

McCurtain and Pushmataha counties.

The Western Oklahoma 1-40 Corridor is comprised of Custer, Beckham, Caddo and
Washita counties.

"We see a lot of potential for economic development in the counties situated
along the interstate, and OK-SET provides us with the expertise necessary to
help us turn that potential into actual benefits," said Larry Wright, who led
the application process for the Western Oklahoma I-40 Corridor program.

The basic format is that community and county residents and leaders in the
regional program work together to identify and understand their strengths and
weaknesses with the help of OK-SET professionals drawn from key state and
federal agencies, land-grant university Extension programs and other public and
private organizations.

Thirty-five hours of training is delivered to each SET-approved region of three
or more counties.

Much of the training involves hands-on work on the regional plan by team
members. In addition, as many as 40 hours of technical assistance may be offered
to facilitate the implementation of the regional plan.

"Our OSU Cooperative Extension county offices have done a marvelous job of
getting local residents and community leaders to take part in this important
economic development effort, just the type of collaborative partnership promoted
by OK-SET," said Lani Vasconcellos, Southeast District Extension family and
consumer science specialist who led the application process for the Kiamichi
Regional Team program.

USDA Rural Development Deputy Undersecretary Doug O'Brien and Ryan McMullen,
Oklahoma director of USDA Rural Development, agree with Vasconcellos.

"We hear from across the nation that SET enables rural citizens to work together
to determine their region's future," O'Brien said.

McMullen added that an increasing number of community leaders and county
officials are realizing that a vital element of economic enhancement is in
finding some way to reach the needed critical mass of knowledge, talents, skills
and resources to effectively develop and enact a successful plan of action.

"Previous SET participants in other states have gone on to develop industry
specific training programs and successfully apply for grants and other monetary
assistance targeted toward economic enhancement and development," he said.

Anyone seeking additional information about OK-SET should contact McMullen at
405-742-1000 or Whitacre at 405-744-6083.amended, Title IX of the Education
Amendments of 1972, Americans with Disabilities Act of 1990, and other federal
and state laws and regulations, does not discriminate on the basis of race,
color, national origin, gender, age, religion, disability, or status as a
veteran in any of its policies, practices, or procedures, and is an equal
opportunity employer

LOAD-DATE: December 11, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Economy

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: HVL

                      Copyright 2012 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                         Copyright 2012 Heavener Ledger


                              320 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               Leadership (Abuja)

                                 April 24, 2014

Poverty - Nasarawa Govt Disburses N5 Million Grant to Rural Communities

LENGTH: 290 words


Nasarawa State Government has disbursed more than N5 million grant to rural
communities towards meeting the Millennium Development Goals (MDGs) of reducing
extreme poverty and hunger.

Dr Salisu Rajj, Senior Special Assistant to Gov. Umaru Al-Makura on MDGs,
presented the cheques to agro-based cooperative societies in Lafia on Thursday.

Rajj said reduction of extreme poverty and hunger was a cardinal policy thrust
of the administration.

The aide said the first phase of the grant covers Awe, Nasarawa-Eggon, Kokona
and Nasarawa Local Government Areas.

According to him, three cooperative societies were selected from each of the
four local government areas and given N450,000 as grant to boost their agro
businesses.

He said the gesture would go a long way in turning around the economic fortune
of the people, provide employment at the local level and recapitalise small
scale businesses.

Rajj said the grant would be monitored by the MDGs office to ensure proper
utilisation.

He urged the chairmen of the various cooperative groups to ensure that every
member benefited maximally, adding that the grant was expected to have a
multiplier effect on the community over a period of time.

In a remark, Mr Emmanuel Brass-Yaji, Commissioner for Commerce, Industry and
Cooperatives lauded the initiative, saying it would help to ameliorate the
plight of the extremely poor people in rural areas.

Brass-Yaji, who was represented by the Director, Cooperative in the ministry, Mr
Danlami Yakubu, however, cautioned the beneficiaries against misusing the grant
for "personal pleasures".

He charged the beneficiaries to see the grant given to them as seed money that
should be allowed to grow so as to impact on the lives of other people within
the community.

NAN

LOAD-DATE: April 25, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2014 AllAfrica Global Media.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              321 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                         Telegraph Herald (Dubuque, IA)

                            February 19, 2010 Friday

City qualifies for USDA funding programs, grants

BYLINE: Theresa Riniker

SECTION: A; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 358 words


No longer is the City of East Dubuque slighted by a federal agency because it is
a next door neighbor to Dubuque, Iowa. East Dubuque now meets the requirements
and qualifies for U.S. Department of Agriculture funding available to spur
business development and job creation. The annoucnement was made to city
officials in early February and released to the public at the Tuesday, Feb.

16 city council session. Mayor Geoff Barklow and Al Grifiths were told of the
funding opportunity during a recent meeeting with Illinois State Director of
Rural Development Colleen Callahan. "This is good news," said Griffiths. "We
will be announcing plans for a roundtable for East Dubuque businesses and
organizations to discuss program options with the USDA." Two other northern
Illinois cities, Belvidere and Winnebago, also qualified for the funding. A
change in the 2008 Farm Bill paved the way for businesses, non-profits and
public entities in the three communtiies to be eligible for five of the agency's
grant and low cost loan programs. The three communities had previously been
ineligible for the funding due to their proximity to urbanized areas; in East
Dubuque's case, Dubuque. The change in elibility was based on the fact the only
a highway or road, which was two census blocks wide or less, connected these
towns to the urbanized ares of Rockford or Dubuque. The five business programs
open to the three communities provide a variety of financing options, including
loan guarantees for businesses, grants for public entities and non-profits to
support business development, loan guarantees and grants to help businesses
become more energy efficient, and zero interest loans available through a
partnership with local rural utility cooperatives. The programs are designed to
create jobs through partnerships with private lenders, local units of government
and community-based organizations. Eligible applicants include individuals,
corporations, partnerships, cooperatives, public bodies, non-profit cooperatives
and private companies. More information is on the web at www.rurdev.usda.gov/il
or by calling the office in Oregon, 815-732-6127, ext. 4.

LOAD-DATE: February 19, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2010 Woodward Communications, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              322 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                     The Leader-Post (Regina, Saskatchewan)

                             April 17, 2012 Tuesday
                                 Final Edition

'Dark days' ahead for co-ops warns leader

BYLINE: Will Chabun, Leader-Post

SECTION: BUSINESS & AGRICULTURE; Pg. D1

LENGTH: 446 words


What was intended as an international year to salute co-operatives has turned
into "dark days".

That's the opinion of Beryl Bauer, president of the Saskatchewan Co-operatives
Association, reacting to news that federal budget cuts will mean the end of
Ottawa's Cooperative Development Initiative (CDI) and a reduction in the size of
the Agriculture and Agri-Foods Canada (AAFC) branch that administered it, the
Rural and Cooperatives Secretariat.

Bauer said the CDI goes back to 2003 and has helped with the creation of
numerous co-operatives.

And Tuesday will see Bauer in Regina to ask Economic Development Minister Jeremy
Harrison about rumours that the $65,000 payment his ministry gives, under a
contract, to the SCA to pay for a co-operative development officer - a full-time
organizer of co-operatives - will be cut too.

On the federal scene, Bauer said the Canadian Co-operatives Association has been
unsuccessful so far in getting a meeting with federal agriculture minister Gerry
Ritz, though his department sent to the Leader-Post an email stating it and the
CDI "have laid the groundwork for communities to more effectively interact and
take advantage of opportunities on their own. In addition, other departments are
increasingly sensitive to the issues of rural Canadians, allowing AAFC to end
the Community Development and the Co-operatives Development Initiative programs.

"Furthermore, all government departments operate with a rural lens and will
continue to play a role in supporting rural communities. AAFC will retain a
reduced policy and research function on rural issues to reflect and meet the
needs of Canadians in rural communities."

The federal NDP said these cuts "will effectively bring an end to co-operative
innovation in rural Canada, jeopardizing jobs and economic growth."

Bauer said he's heard CDI grants that have already been approved will be paid
out; those not yet approved will languish. He added he can remember when the
provincial government itself had eight full-time co-operative organizers, but
"when they retired, they didn't get replaced."

That's odd, he added, because the provincial co-operatives association shares a
common goal with the government: "develop business and 'grow' the province."

As well, he's noticed interest from Social Services Minister June Draude in
cooperatives, particularly in meeting the province's shortage of housing.

The United Nations declared 2012 as the "International Year of Co-operatives" to
salute and encourage this economic sector, which worldwide has one billion
members and employs 100 million people - 20 per cent more than are employed by
the world's multinational corporations.

wchabun@leaderpost.com

LOAD-DATE: April 17, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: L-P Files; Bauer;

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


  Copyright 2012 The Leader-Post, a division of Canwest MediaWorks Publication
                                      Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              323 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                Sarke Daily News

                           February 4, 2015 Wednesday

CAPITAL GRANTS ISSUED TO 35 SMALL COOPERATIVES WITHIN ENPARD

BYLINE: Sarke Daily News

LENGTH: 120 words


EU Neighborhood Info Center reported that capital grants were issued to 35 small

cooperatives  in  Georgia with European Neighborhood Program for Agriculture and

Rural Development (ENPARD).

These  grants  will  be  used  for  procurement  of tractors, trucks, processing

equipment  and  seedlings,  the  Center  said,  do  not mentioning volume of the

grants.

The beneficiaries were selected from over 700 small farmers' groups, who applied

for  ENPARD  support,  the  Center  pointed,  adding  that over 200 of them were

trained in cooperative management and business planning.

ENPARD  with  total  budget  of 52 million EUR was launched in 2012. The program

aims boost of food production in Georgia and reduction of rural poverty.

LOAD-DATE: February 5, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1168


                    Copyright 2015 Sarke Information Agency
                Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.(Syndigate.info)
                              All Rights Reserved


                              324 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                              The Bismarck Tribune

                           February 11, 2014 Tuesday

Dakotas projects getting aid from federal Ag Dept

SECTION: DAKOTA WIRE; Pg. 1B

LENGTH: 130 words


Dakotas projects getting aid from federal Ag Dept

BISMARCK, N.D. (AP) - Three rural cooperatives and one city in the Dakotas are
getting money through a federal Agriculture Department effort to invest in rural
businesses and spur economic development.

Nearly $17.6 million in loans and grants is going to projects in 15 states and
the Northern Mariana Islands.

In North Dakota, Dakota Valley Electric Co-op is getting a $1 million loan for a
manufacturing building, and Minn-Dak Farmers Co-op is getting a $1 million loan
to buy equipment to process molasses byproducts.

In South Dakota, Lake Region Electric Association is getting a $300,000 grant
for an economic development loan fund, and the city of McLaughlin is getting a
$42,455 grant for equipment for a local youth organization.

LOAD-DATE: March 27, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


       Copyright 2014 The Bismarck Tribune, a division of Lee Enterprises
                              All Rights Reserved


                              325 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                              The Bismarck Tribune

                           February 11, 2014 Tuesday

Dakotas projects getting aid from federal Ag Dept

SECTION: DAKOTA WIRE; Pg. 1B

LENGTH: 130 words


Dakotas projects getting aid from federal Ag Dept

BISMARCK, N.D. (AP) - Three rural cooperatives and one city in the Dakotas are
getting money through a federal Agriculture Department effort to invest in rural
businesses and spur economic development.

Nearly $17.6 million in loans and grants is going to projects in 15 states and
the Northern Mariana Islands.

In North Dakota, Dakota Valley Electric Co-op is getting a $1 million loan for a
manufacturing building, and Minn-Dak Farmers Co-op is getting a $1 million loan
to buy equipment to process molasses byproducts.

In South Dakota, Lake Region Electric Association is getting a $300,000 grant
for an economic development loan fund, and the city of McLaughlin is getting a
$42,455 grant for equipment for a local youth organization.

LOAD-DATE: March 27, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


       Copyright 2014 The Bismarck Tribune, a division of Lee Enterprises
                              All Rights Reserved


                              326 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                              The Bismarck Tribune

                           February 11, 2014 Tuesday

Dakotas projects getting aid from federal Ag Dept

SECTION: DAKOTA WIRE; Pg. 1B

LENGTH: 130 words


Dakotas projects getting aid from federal Ag Dept

BISMARCK, N.D. (AP) - Three rural cooperatives and one city in the Dakotas are
getting money through a federal Agriculture Department effort to invest in rural
businesses and spur economic development.

Nearly $17.6 million in loans and grants is going to projects in 15 states and
the Northern Mariana Islands.

In North Dakota, Dakota Valley Electric Co-op is getting a $1 million loan for a
manufacturing building, and Minn-Dak Farmers Co-op is getting a $1 million loan
to buy equipment to process molasses byproducts.

In South Dakota, Lake Region Electric Association is getting a $300,000 grant
for an economic development loan fund, and the city of McLaughlin is getting a
$42,455 grant for equipment for a local youth organization.

LOAD-DATE: February 11, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


       Copyright 2014 The Bismarck Tribune, a division of Lee Enterprises
                              All Rights Reserved


                              327 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            October 28, 2016 Friday

Information Services to Rural Hospital Flexibility Grantees Program Cooperative
Agreement (Technical Assistance Center)

LENGTH: 737 words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: US Government has issued the following grant:
  Document Type:






    Grants Notice



    Funding Opportunity Number:

    HRSA-17-004



    Funding Opportunity Title:

    Information Services to Rural Hospital Flexibility Grantees Program
Cooperative Agreement (Technical Assistance Center)





    Opportunity Category:

    Discretionary



    Opportunity Category Explanation:





    Funding Instrument Type:

    Cooperative Agreement



    Category of Funding Activity:

    Health



    Category Explanation:

    https://grants.
hrsa.gov/2010/Web2External/Interface/FundingCycle/ExternalView.aspx?fCycleID=a72
66030-ef5d-43fb-b3ab-0f9189f2f116



    Expected Number of Awards:

    1



    CFDA Number(s):

    93.241 -- State Rural Hospital Flexibility Program



    Cost Sharing or Matching Requirement:

    No














         Version:

         Synopsis 1



         Posted Date:

         Oct 27, 2016



         Last Updated Date:

         Oct 27, 2016



         Original Closing Date for Applications:

         Jan 05, 2017



         Current Closing Date for Applications:

         Jan 05, 2017



         Archive Date:

         Mar 06, 2017



         Estimated Total Program Funding:

         $1,100,000



         Award Ceiling:

         $0



         Award Floor:

         $0









 Eligibility





      Eligible Applicants:

      Others (see text field entitled "Additional Information on Eligibility"
for clarification)



      Additional Information on Eligibility:

      Eligible applicants include domestic public or private, non-profit or
for-profit organizations.  Eligible organizations may include State, local, and
Indian tribal governments; institutions of higher education; other non-profit
organizations (including faith-based, community-based, and tribal
organizations); and hospitals. Applicants must have significant experience with
providing technical assistance virtually and onsite to a wide range of
stakeholders, including state and hospital staff.  Expert knowledge and
demonstrable national recognition in the realm of CAH Finance, Performance
Improvement, Quality Improvement, Health Systems Development, Emergency Medical
Services, Community Engagement, Population Health, and Network Development are
required.  Applicants must have established methodologies for the creation and
dissemination of TA related to the aforementioned focus areas.  Applicants must
have demonstrate national-level experience providing rural health-related TA,
and be able to provide, upon request, proof of completed TA products associated
with the focus areas. Foreign entities are not eligible for this award.






 Additional Information





      Agency Name:

      Health Resources and Services Administration



      Description:

      This announcement solicits applications for Information Services to Rural
Hospital Flexibility Program Grantees Cooperative Agreement.  The purpose of
this program is improve quality and financial viability in rural communities
through technical assistance to beneficiaries of FORHP initiatives, such as
grant recipients, Critical Access Hospitals, small rural hospitals, and rural
health networks.  Assistance will be provided in the areas of: financial and
operational performance improvements and benchmarking; community engagement and
population health initiatives; provision of rural emergency medical services;
quality improvement; and building capacity to participate in alternative payment
models.



      Link to Additional Information:





      Grantor Contact Information:

      If you have difficulty accessing the full announcement electronically,
please contact:



      Department of Health and Human Services, Health Resources and Services
Administration mmcneely@hrsa.gov



      Contact MIchael McNeely at (301)443-5812 or email mmcneely@hrsa.gov






   In case of any query regarding this article or other content please contact:
editorial@plusmediasolutions.com






LOAD-DATE: October 29, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              328 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                              The Bismarck Tribune

                              June 11, 1995 Sunday

LENGTH: 447 words


Equipment export studied North Dakota State University is funding a project to
explore internationally exporting farm equipment that is manufactured within the
state. The potential exists for regional farm equipment manufacturers to develop
as an industry and export as an industry, said Frank Dooley, principal
investigator and assistant professor of agricultural economics at NDSU. NDSU
researchers are looking at how much export assistance is available to small
companies in other states. Researchers are also investigating agricultural
systems in the world that are similar to that of the United States. They plan to
conduct in-country studies of the potential of several countries, including
Russia. They have already researched Brazil and Argentina. The final step of the
investigators' work, Dooley said, is to construct a research-based introduction
to exporting farm machinery for small manufacturers. ""People in the companies
here are very entrepreneurial and they're looking for opportunities,'' he said.
""If they think they can go into a market, make money and serve their customers,
they're going to do that.''

Bison group receives grant The North American Bison Cooperative at New Rockford
has received a federal $60,000 Rural Business Enterprise Grant. Funds from the
Rural Economic and Community Development Administration will be used to maintain
federal inspection procedures at the bison plant while the cooperative becomes
self-supporting. Unless Bison meat is processed under federal inspection, it
cannot be exported to Europe which is a major purchaser.

MetLife sells Century 21 Metropolitan Life Insurance Co. has sold its Century 21
real estate division to Hospitality Franchise Systems Inc. of Parsippany,
N.J.Century 21, of Irvine, Calif., has 6,000 independently owned and operated
franchises in 16 countries, including Landmark Realty and Morrison Realty Inc.
of Bismarck-Mandan. In 1994 the company reported profits of $130 million on $90
billion in sales. MetLife bought the real estate company for $251 million in
1986. It plans to attempt to refocus on its core insurance business.

Oil probe positive Summit Resources Limited officials said their Mississippian
Lodgepole oil venture in North Dakota has tested positive at the
Armstrong/Summit Haller well. The test well encountered the carbonate reservoir
in the Lodgepole formation and recovered gas and oil, the Calgary, Alberta-based
company said last week. The test well is being cored, with further evaluation to
follow receipt of well logs, the company said. Summit holds a 40 per cent
interest in the Haller well, which is located within two miles of recently
drilled Lodgepole reef discoveries.

LOAD-DATE: May 9, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


       Copyright 1995 The Bismarck Tribune, a division of Lee Enterprises
                              All Rights Reserved


                              329 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                          Sarke Economic Press Monitor

                              May 23, 2014 Friday

WHAT ARE PROSPECTS OF AGRICULTURAL COOPERATIVES' DEVELOPMENT IN GEORGIA

BYLINE: Bankebi da Finansebi

LENGTH: 187 words


The  newspaper  reports  that  41  cooperatives operate currently in Georgia, of

which 30 ones are established in Eastern Georgia.

The  article brings comments of organizations ("Oxfam" and "Care" "International

in  the"  "Caucasus"), involved in European Neighborhood Program for Agriculture

and Rural Development (ENPARD) in Georgia.

Manager  of  "Oxfam"  Levan Dadiani says that grant scheme will be participatory

and the organization will fund 75% of the project's total cost.  So far, studies

are  underway  in  target region, which will complete in July, while issuance of

grants will presumably launch in autumn, he declares.

Program   director   of   "Care"   Vakhtang  Piranishvili  declares  that  their

organization does not issue grants anymore, but offers agricultural cooperatives

interest-free loans.  It serves creation of renewable fund, which in future will

offer financial resources to other cooperatives as well, he points.

Agriculture  Ministry  reports  that there are about 700,000 farmers in Georgia,

while  ENPARD  program  of  $15  million  covers  only  1%  of their number, the

newspaper reports.

(Syndigate.info).

LOAD-DATE: May 23, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1171


                    Copyright 2014 Sarke Information Agency
              Provided by Syndigate.info, an Albawaba.com company
                              All Rights Reserved


                              330 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                           Manila Times (Philippines)

                           February 9, 2011 Wednesday

Power project gets P135.9-M guarantee

BYLINE: BY EUAN PAULO C. AÑONUEVO REPORTER

LENGTH: 458 words


SOURCED FROM CURRENT GLOBAL NEWSPAPERS AND JOURNALS

A RURAL electrification project in Mindanao has received a total of
P135.9-million World Bank-backed funding support from the Bank of the Philippine
Islands (BPI).

In a statement, the World Bank said that BPI, LGU Guarantee Corp. (LGUGC) and
the Bukidnon Second Electric Cooperative Inc. (Buseco) signed on Tuesday the
financing agreement for improving power supply to about 86,000 households in the
rural communities served by the latter in Northern Mindanao.

Buseco will use the funds for the installation of a 10-megavolt ampere
substation in Kisolon in Bukidnon, construction of a 25-kilometer 69-kilovolt
transmission line from Lunocan to Kisolon, and replacement and calibration of
installed meters.

"With improved capacity, our electric cooperative will be able to bring better
electricity services to 86,000 rural homes in 170 barangays [villages] in
Bukidnon as well as meet the increasing power demand by small and medium
agribusiness enterprises, thus contributing to the expansion of economic
opportunities and job creation in the countryside," Edgardo Masongsong, Buseco
general manager and chief executive officer, said.

BPI's financial support to Buseco is guaranteed by the partial credit guarantee
(PCG) program under the Electric Cooperative System Loss Reduction Project
(ECSLRP) financed by the Global Environment Facility (GEF) and administered by
the World Bank.

Funded by a $12-million grant from GEF, ECSLRP aims to bring reliable and
affordable electricity services to rural communities as well as reduce carbon
dioxide emissions and other pollutants that harm the environment.

This fund is managed in the Philippines by the LGUGC, a private corporation that
facilitates development financing for projects of local governments, water
districts, electric cooperatives, state universities and colleges, and renewable
energy technology companies through credit enhancement.

World Bank Country Director Bert Hofman said that BPI's support to Buseco is the
fourth of such financing arrangements to have been made under ECSLRP's partial
guarantee program and over a dozen more for several electric cooperatives are
under preparation.

The PCG program covers up to 80 percent of the total amount of financing made by
commercial lenders such as BPI, one of 11 accredited financial institutions in
the program, to electric cooperatives.

This credit enhancement is critical because rural electricity cooperatives have
been perceived as "poor credit risks" and, as a result, little commercial credit
has flowed to the sector. By guaranteeing a portion of commercial banks'
exposure, the PCG helps lower borrowing cost while enhancing commercial
discipline among electric cooperatives.

LOAD-DATE: February 21, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

                       Copyright 2011 News Bites Pty Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved

                               Global News Bites


                              331 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                             The Financial Express

                            November 9, 2009 Monday

Nabard revises grant assistance for SHGs

BYLINE: Sanjay Jog

LENGTH: 217  words

DATELINE: Mumbai


State-run National Bank for Agriculture & Rural Development (Nabard) has revised
guidelines for promotional grant assistance for NGOs, regional rural banks,
district central cooperative banks, farmers' club and individual rural
volunteers to boost the growth of credit linkage of self-help groups ( SHGs).

The government, along with Nabard, is keen on the proliferation of SHGs,
especially in the hilly districts of Himalayana region. "Nabard has been
supporting various partner agencies with grant assistance to promote and credit
link SHGs to banks with the objective of increasing the stock of good quality
SHGs. The approach has been to supplement the resources of such self help
promoting institutions (SHPIs) which take up SHG promotion as an add on activity
with promotional grants," a Nabard source told FE.

As per the revised guidelines, grant assistance has been revised to Rs 4,500 for
SHGs of 15 to 20 members, from Rs 3,000 for 10 to 20 members. For hilly
districts of the northeastern region, it has been increased to Rs 5,000 for SHGs
of 5 members and above and for hilly districts of Himalayan region maximum of Rs
5,000 for SHGs of 5 members and above. A new category of tough district has been
introduced wherein an assistance of Rs 6,000 for SHGs of 15 to 20 members would
be provided.

LOAD-DATE: July 28, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


        Copyright 2009 The Financial Express, distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              332 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                           Bangor Daily News (Maine)

                            November 13, 2015 Friday

Westfield venture nets federal grant

LENGTH: 479 words

DATELINE: WESTFIELD


- A growing hops business is among four companies in Maine to receive grant
funding from USDA Rural Development.


Rural agricultural businesses located in Livermore, Waldoboro, Westfield, and
Acton will receive Value-Added Producer Grants totaling $247,702 to boost their
production efforts, announced Rural Development Deputy Undersecretary Vernita F.
Dore recently.


Aroostook Hops, LLC, of Westfield has been selected to receive a grant in the
amount of $24,413. Funds will be used to pay for labor costs and to purchase
consumable supplies to produce pelletized hops from fresh hops and to package
the pellets in nitrogen-flushed, vacuum-sealed, labeled Mylar bags as well as
for marketing and promotional expenses.


The funding comes from USDA Rural Development's Value-Added Producer Grant
program.


"This funding will enable farmers and ranchers to develop new products, improve
the bottom line for their operations and help create a robust local and regional
food system," Dore said. "Value-Added Producer Grants provide capital to enable
ag producers to grow their business through diversification. USDA's support is
especially important for beginning farmers and smaller farm operations."


USDA Rural Development State Director Virginia Manuel said, "This investment by
USDA Rural Development supports the innovation and vision of these four rural
Maine agricultural entrepreneurs who are looking to expand marketing
opportunities for their value-added agricultural products. These grants will
help contribute to the long-term sustainability of each business and aid in
retaining and creating jobs in Maine."


According to the USDA, these grants can be used to develop new agricultural
products or additional markets for existing ones. Military veterans, socially
disadvantaged and beginning farmers and ranchers, operators of small- and
medium-sized family farms and ranches, and farmer and rancher cooperatives are
given priority when applying for the money.


The actual funding of each award announced today is contingent upon the
recipient meeting the terms of the grant agreement.


Also awarded were Century Elm Farms, dba Boothby's Orchard and Farm of
Livermore; Maine Top Mill, LLC, of Waldoboro; and Cara Sammons, dba Flying Goat
Farm, located in Acton.


Since 2009, USDA has awarded 1,115 Value-Added Producer Grants totaling $154
million. Approximately 18 percent of the grants and 14 percent of total funding
has been awarded to beginning farmers and ranchers. During 2015, more than
one-third of the awards went to farmers and ranchers developing products for the
local foods sector.


Rural Development helped 84 agricultural producers carry out local foods
projects in 2014 through almost $8.9 million in Value-Added Producer Grant
awards.


USDA Rural Development has area offices located in Presque Isle, Bangor,
Lewiston, and Scarborough, as well as a state office in Bangor.

LOAD-DATE: November 16, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2015 Bangor Daily News


                              333 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                           Bangor Daily News (Maine)

                            November 13, 2015 Friday

Westfield venture nets federal grant

LENGTH: 479 words

DATELINE: WESTFIELD


- A growing hops business is among four companies in Maine to receive grant
funding from USDA Rural Development.


Rural agricultural businesses located in Livermore, Waldoboro, Westfield, and
Acton will receive Value-Added Producer Grants totaling $247,702 to boost their
production efforts, announced Rural Development Deputy Undersecretary Vernita F.
Dore recently.


Aroostook Hops, LLC, of Westfield has been selected to receive a grant in the
amount of $24,413. Funds will be used to pay for labor costs and to purchase
consumable supplies to produce pelletized hops from fresh hops and to package
the pellets in nitrogen-flushed, vacuum-sealed, labeled Mylar bags as well as
for marketing and promotional expenses.


The funding comes from USDA Rural Development's Value-Added Producer Grant
program.


"This funding will enable farmers and ranchers to develop new products, improve
the bottom line for their operations and help create a robust local and regional
food system," Dore said. "Value-Added Producer Grants provide capital to enable
ag producers to grow their business through diversification. USDA's support is
especially important for beginning farmers and smaller farm operations."


USDA Rural Development State Director Virginia Manuel said, "This investment by
USDA Rural Development supports the innovation and vision of these four rural
Maine agricultural entrepreneurs who are looking to expand marketing
opportunities for their value-added agricultural products. These grants will
help contribute to the long-term sustainability of each business and aid in
retaining and creating jobs in Maine."


According to the USDA, these grants can be used to develop new agricultural
products or additional markets for existing ones. Military veterans, socially
disadvantaged and beginning farmers and ranchers, operators of small- and
medium-sized family farms and ranches, and farmer and rancher cooperatives are
given priority when applying for the money.


The actual funding of each award announced today is contingent upon the
recipient meeting the terms of the grant agreement.


Also awarded were Century Elm Farms, dba Boothby's Orchard and Farm of
Livermore; Maine Top Mill, LLC, of Waldoboro; and Cara Sammons, dba Flying Goat
Farm, located in Acton.


Since 2009, USDA has awarded 1,115 Value-Added Producer Grants totaling $154
million. Approximately 18 percent of the grants and 14 percent of total funding
has been awarded to beginning farmers and ranchers. During 2015, more than
one-third of the awards went to farmers and ranchers developing products for the
local foods sector.


Rural Development helped 84 agricultural producers carry out local foods
projects in 2014 through almost $8.9 million in Value-Added Producer Grant
awards.


USDA Rural Development has area offices located in Presque Isle, Bangor,
Lewiston, and Scarborough, as well as a state office in Bangor.

LOAD-DATE: November 16, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2015 Bangor Daily News


                              334 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                           Bangor Daily News (Maine)

                            November 13, 2015 Friday

Westfield venture nets federal grant

LENGTH: 479 words

DATELINE: WESTFIELD


- A growing hops business is among four companies in Maine to receive grant
funding from USDA Rural Development.


Rural agricultural businesses located in Livermore, Waldoboro, Westfield, and
Acton will receive Value-Added Producer Grants totaling $247,702 to boost their
production efforts, announced Rural Development Deputy Undersecretary Vernita F.
Dore recently.


Aroostook Hops, LLC, of Westfield has been selected to receive a grant in the
amount of $24,413. Funds will be used to pay for labor costs and to purchase
consumable supplies to produce pelletized hops from fresh hops and to package
the pellets in nitrogen-flushed, vacuum-sealed, labeled Mylar bags as well as
for marketing and promotional expenses.


The funding comes from USDA Rural Development's Value-Added Producer Grant
program.


"This funding will enable farmers and ranchers to develop new products, improve
the bottom line for their operations and help create a robust local and regional
food system," Dore said. "Value-Added Producer Grants provide capital to enable
ag producers to grow their business through diversification. USDA's support is
especially important for beginning farmers and smaller farm operations."


USDA Rural Development State Director Virginia Manuel said, "This investment by
USDA Rural Development supports the innovation and vision of these four rural
Maine agricultural entrepreneurs who are looking to expand marketing
opportunities for their value-added agricultural products. These grants will
help contribute to the long-term sustainability of each business and aid in
retaining and creating jobs in Maine."


According to the USDA, these grants can be used to develop new agricultural
products or additional markets for existing ones. Military veterans, socially
disadvantaged and beginning farmers and ranchers, operators of small- and
medium-sized family farms and ranches, and farmer and rancher cooperatives are
given priority when applying for the money.


The actual funding of each award announced today is contingent upon the
recipient meeting the terms of the grant agreement.


Also awarded were Century Elm Farms, dba Boothby's Orchard and Farm of
Livermore; Maine Top Mill, LLC, of Waldoboro; and Cara Sammons, dba Flying Goat
Farm, located in Acton.


Since 2009, USDA has awarded 1,115 Value-Added Producer Grants totaling $154
million. Approximately 18 percent of the grants and 14 percent of total funding
has been awarded to beginning farmers and ranchers. During 2015, more than
one-third of the awards went to farmers and ranchers developing products for the
local foods sector.


Rural Development helped 84 agricultural producers carry out local foods
projects in 2014 through almost $8.9 million in Value-Added Producer Grant
awards.


USDA Rural Development has area offices located in Presque Isle, Bangor,
Lewiston, and Scarborough, as well as a state office in Bangor.

LOAD-DATE: November 13, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2015 Bangor Daily News


                              335 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                         Brattleboro Reformer (Vermont)

                               May 7, 2010 Friday

Vt. Electric Coop grant to expand broadband

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 123 words


Friday May 7, 2010

JOHNSON (AP) -- The Vermont Electric Cooperative is going to use an $11.2
million federal grant to help create hundreds of jobs, improve electrical
service and expand broadband internet service to Essex County.

The grant from the U.S. Commerce Department will help create 500 jobs and allow
the cooperative to expand smart grid electric technology into the remote part of
the Northeast Kingdom.

And officials say the improved electric reliability will provide backup
resources to Coos County, New Hampshire.

Co-op CEO David Hallquist Hallquist says the federal government is using the
co-op to bring broadband to the rural area in the same way that the Rural
Electrification Administration brought electricity to rural areas.

LOAD-DATE: May 7, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


   Copyright 2010 MediaNews Group, Inc. and New England Newspaper Group Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              336 of 998 DOCUMENTS

              Copyright 2016 GlobalData Ltd., All Rights Reserved
                            GlobalData - Investments

                               December 22, 2016

                          Nobles Cooperative Electric

                        22636 US Highway 59, PO Box 788
                               Worthington 56187
                                 United States

* * * * * * * * * * INVESTMENTS * * * * * * * * * *


Nobles Cooperative Electric Receives Grant For Geothermal Power Project In
Minnesota, U.S.

   11/9/2010 12:00:00 AM

   Nobles Cooperative Electric, received a grant of $0.01 million, for the
construction and development of a geothermal power project located in Minnesota.
The grant was provided by the United States Department of Agriculture under the
USDA Rural Development REAP Awards.
* * * * * * * * * * OTHER AVAILABLE REPORTS * * * * * * * * * *
Company Overview                        Events
Financial Ratios                        Investments
Key Employees                           Key Facts
Locations and Subsidiaries              Major Products and Services
Top Competitors

 * * * * * * * * * * NOTE * * * * * * * * * *

   GlobalData uses a range of research techniques to gather and verify its
information and analysis. These include primary research, in-house knowledge and
expertise, proprietary databases, and secondary sources such as company
websites, annual reports, SEC filings and press releases. Disclaimer: No part of
this publication may be reproduced, stored in a retrieval system or transmitted
in any form by any means, electronic, mechanical, photocopying, recording or
otherwise, without the prior permission of the publisher, GlobalData. The facts
of this report are believed to be correct at the time of publication but cannot
be guaranteed. Please note that the findings, conclusions and recommendations
that GlobalData delivers will be based on information gathered in good faith
from both primary and secondary sources, whose accuracy we are not always in a
position to guarantee. As such GlobalData can accept no liability whatever for
actions taken based on any information that may subsequently prove to be
incorrect.

LOAD-DATE: December 22, 2016


                              337 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           September 4, 2014 Thursday

Rural Business-Cooperative Service: Administrative Support Assistant (AO)
DC-2014-0095

LENGTH: 2482  words

DATELINE: Washington


The United States Office of Personnel Management has issued the following job
announcement:

Job Title:Administrative Support Assistant (AO)

Department:Department Of Agriculture

Agency:Rural Business-Cooperative Service

Job Announcement Number:DC-2014-0095
SALARY RANGE:
 $42,631.00 to $55,421.00 / Per Year
OPEN PERIOD:
 Wednesday, September 3, 2014 to Friday, September 12, 2014
SERIES & GRADE:
 GS-0303-07
POSITION INFORMATION:
 Full-Time - Permanent
PROMOTION POTENTIAL:
07
DUTY LOCATIONS:
 1 vacancy - District of Columbia, DC View Map
WHO MAY APPLY:
 Current permanent Federal employees with competitive status, reinstatement
eligibles, persons with disabilities, VEOA/VRA eligibles, certain military
spouses, 30% or more disabled veterans, former Peace Corps or VISTA volunteers,
CTAP/ICTAP eligibles, Farm Service Agency permanent county employees and those
eligible for other Special Hiring Authorities.
SECURITY CLEARANCE:
 Q - Nonsensitive
SUPERVISORY STATUS:
 No
JOB SUMMARY:

The U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA) Rural Development Agency serves rural
communities throughout the country by investing in their communities through
housing and utility infrastructure, by increasing economic opportunity, and by
improving the quality of life for all rural Americans.  Rural Development
provides over 40 loan and grant programs in the Rural Housing and Community
Facilities Services, Rural Business and Cooperative Services, and Rural
Utilities Service. Rural Development supports a positive work environment and
promotes diversity and inclusion for nearly 5,000 employees.

Rural Development is a dynamic organization recruiting for employees who possess
the energy, compassion, and commitment to serve those in rural communities and
will enjoy working in a fast paced and results driven organization.  Our
commitment is to expand economic opportunity and quality of life in all of rural
America by providing financial programs to support essential public facilities
and services such as water and sewer systems, housing, health clinics, emergency
service facilities and electric and telephone service.  Rural Development offers
a friendly and professional working environment and such excellent benefits as:
a generous salary, alternative work schedules, paid vacation and sick leave,
paid holidays, retirement and supplemental savings plan, a wide array of health,
dental, vision, and life insurance plans, flexible spending accounts, and
long-term care insurance.

This position is located in the Business & Industry Division (BID) Business
Programs (BP), Rural Business Service (RBS).  The BID has management
responsibilities for Business & Industry (B&I) nationwide Direct and Guaranteed
Loan programs.  You will serve as the Administrative Assistant to the Director,
Business & Industry Division and the B&I staff.

This announcement may be used to fill additional or subsequent vacancies that
are identified by the organization.
TRAVEL REQUIRED

Not Required

RELOCATION AUTHORIZED

No

KEY REQUIREMENTS

US Citizenship is required.
    Selective Service Registration is required for males born after 12/31/1959.
    As a condition of employment a background investigation is required.

DUTIES:
Back to top

You will be responsible for advising the Director on the practical and technical
aspects of office administration, include, budgeting, purchasing, supply
management, travel authorizations and arrangements, personnel administration,
data processing, and file management.
    Prepare travel authorization, reservations, and completes and reviews travel
vouchers for compliance according to the Federal Travel Regulations.
    Develop and exchange information to resolve operating problems and make
recommendations.
    Review correspondence prepared by various office personnel for correctness,
clarity of expression, grammar, format and conformance with office and
Department policy.

QUALIFICATIONS REQUIRED:
Back to top

All applicants must meet all qualifications and eligibility requirements by the
closing date of the announcement including time-in-grade and demonstrated
specialized experience as described below.

Time-in-grade: Applicants must meet one year at the next lower grade to be
considered fo the next higher grade. (e.g. one year at the GS-06 level for
considerationfor the GS-07 grade level.)


For the GS-7 level: Applicants must possess one year of a specialized experience
equivalent to  at the GS-7 level; or its non-federal equivalent that
demonstrates:  receiving and referring phone calls and visitors to an office;
using word processing or other software tools to produce, store or send a wide
variety of documents in final format; maintaining calendars and scheduling
appointments for senior level staff; making travel arrangements for staff;
serving as office timekeeper, ensuring that time and attendance records are
accurate and procuring supplies or services for an office using federal
procurement regulations.

There is no education substitution for this grade level.

Must be able to type at least 40 words per minute. You MUST self-certify on your
application that you meet this requirements.

Note: To be considered for this position, you must meet all qualification and
eligibility requirements for the GS-0303 series set forth in the Office of
Personnel Management Qualifications Standards by the closing date of the
announcement. A copy is available at:
http://www.opm.gov/qualifications/index.asp.

If you are newly hired, the documentation you present for purposes of completing
the Department Homeland Security (DHS) Form I-9 on your entry-on-duty date will
be verified through the DHS "E-VERIFY" system. Federal law requires the use of
E-VERIFY to confirm the employment eligibility of all new hires. Under this
system, the new hire is required to resolve any identified discrepancies as a
condition of continued employment. o Selectee must be able to obtain and
maintain a security clearance. If selected you may be subject to a National
Agency Check and Inquiry (NACI) and a credit report inquiry.


o  Have your salary sent to a financial institution of your choice by Direct
Deposit/Electronic Funds Transfer.
HOW YOU WILL BE EVALUATED:

You will be evaluated based on your qualifications for this position as
evidenced by the education, experience, and training you described in your
application package, as well as the responses to the Occupational Questionnaire
to determine the degree to which you possess the knowledge, skills, abilities
and competencies listed below:

Office Administration Practices and Procedures
        Work Planning and Organization
        Automation
        Oral and Written Communication

We will review your application, including the online Occupational
Questionnaire, to ensure you meet the job requirements and assess your ability
to perform this job. Before any certificate can be issued to the selecting
official, the resume and supporting documents are reviewed by an HR Specialist
to ensure that (a) minimum qualification requirements are met and (b) the resume
supports the answers provided to the job-specific questions. Your answers will
be verified against information provided in your online resume and application.
Be sure that your resume clearly supports your responses to all the questions
addressing experience and education relevant to this position.
    Applicants who meet the basic minimum qualification requirements and are
determined to be among the best qualified candidates will be referred to the
hiring manager for consideration. Non-Competitive candidates need to meet
minimum qualification requirements to be referred.

Note: If, after reviewing your resume and / or supporting documentation, a
determination is made that you have inflated your qualifications and or
experience, your score can / will be lowered to more accurately reflect the
submitted documentation. Please follow all instructions carefully. Errors or
omissions may affect your rating. Deliberate attempts to falsify information may
be grounds for not selecting you.

To view the application form, visit:
https://rbcs.usda.ntis.gov/cp/?event=jobs.previewApplication&jobid=1527b04b-7683
-4c06-9c79-a38500be4d20

BENEFITS:
Back to top
The Federal Government offers a comprehensive benefits package.  Explore the
major benefits offered to most Federal employees at:
http://www.opm.gov/healthcare-insurance/healthcare/enrollment/new-federal-employ
ee-enrollment/

OTHER INFORMATION:
o  Relocation expenses are not authorized.
o  This position is eligible for telework and other flexible work arrangements.
Employee participation is at the discretion of the supervisor.
o  Persons with disabilities who require alternative means for communication of
program information (Braille, large print, audiotape, etc) should contact: USDAs
TARGET Center at 202-720-2600 (voice and TDD).
o  Career Transition Assistance Plan(CTAP):   If you are claiming CTAP
eligibility, provide proof of eligibility to include your most recent
performance appraisal, SF-50, and proof of eligibility such as a RIF separation
notice or letter from OPM/your agency.  CTAP eligibles will be considered
well-qualified if achieving a rating of 88 or above.  Information about CTAP
eligibility is on OPMs Career Transition Resources website at
http://www.opm.gov/ctap/index.asp.
HOW TO APPLY:
Back to top

Please read the entire announcement and all the instructions before you begin.
The following instructions outline our application process.

You must complete this application process and submit all required documents
electronically by 11:59 p.m. Eastern Time (ET) on the closing date of this
announcement.
    We are available to assist you during business hours normally (8:00 a.m. -
4:00 p.m., Monday - Friday). Applying online is highly encouraged. If applying
online poses a hardship, please contact our office during business hours well
before the closing date for an alternate method. All hardship application
packages with supporting documents must be submitted no later than noon on the
closing date of the announcement in order to be entered into the system prior to
its closing.
    This agency provides reasonable accommodation to applicants with
disabilities on a case-by-case basis; contact us if you are requesting this.

Step 1: Create a USAJOBS account (if you do not have one) at www.usajobs.gov. It
is recommended that as part of your profile you set up automatic email
notification to be informed when the status of your application changes. If you
choose not to set up this automatic notification, then you will have to log into
your USAJOBS account to check on the status of your application.


Step 2: Create a resume with USAJOBS or upload a resume into your USAJOBS
account. Customize your resume to ensure it documents duties and accomplishments
you have gained that are directly related to this position in order to verify
that qualifications are met. Your resume must support your responses to the
online questionnaire (you may preview the online questionnaire by clicking on
the link at the end of the How You Will Be Evaluated section of the job
announcement).

Step 3: Click "Apply Online" and follow the prompts to complete the Occupational
Questionnaire and attach any additional documents that may be required.
You can update your application or documents anytime while the announcement is
open. Log into your USAJOBS account and click on "Application Status." Click on
the position title, and then select "Update Application" to continue.
NOTE: Verify that uploaded documents from USAJOBs transfer into the Agency's
staffing system. Once in the Agency's staffing system you will have the
opportunity to upload additional documents. Uploaded documents must be less than
3MB and in one of the following document formats: GIF, JPG, JPEG, PNG, RTF, PDF,
or Word (DOC or DOCX).


REQUIRED DOCUMENTS:

A complete Application Package must be submitted and received prior to 11:59,
ET, on the closing date. The following documents are required for your
application package to be complete. Our office cannot be responsible for
incompatible software, illegible fax transmissions, delays in the mail service,
your system failure or downtime, etc. Failure to submit required, legible
documents may result in loss of consideration.

Resume that includes the following information: 1) personal information; 2)
education; 3) work experience including the work schedule and hours worked per
week as well as dates of employment; and title, series and grade if applicable;
4) supervisor's phone number and e-mail address for each work period listed and
whether or not we may contact them for reference checks; and, 5) other
qualifications.

Other required documents as applicable:

Current career/Career-Conditional: Most recent non-award Notification of
Personnel Action (SF-50 or equivalent) showing that you are/were in the
competitive service, highest grade (or promotion potential) held on a permanent
basis, federal status, position title, series and grade AND most recently
completed performance appraisal (dated within 18 months) showing the official
rating of record, signed by the supervisor, or a statement as to why the
performance appraisal is unavailable. Do not submit a performance plan.
    Action, showing that you were/are serving under an unlimited, career-type
appointment AND have completed at least 1 year of continuous service without a
break of a workday under one or more nontemporary Foreign Service appointments.

    CTAP/: Certification of Expected Separation, Reduction-In-Force Separation
Notice, Notice of Proposed Removal, or appropriate OPM/Agency certification; AND
most recent performance evaluation; AND SF-50 demonstrating your separation or
the position from which you will be separated.

AGENCY CONTACT INFO:
Chris Tart
Phone: 202-692-0192
Fax: 202-692-0182
Email: prentice.tart@wdc.usda.gov
Agency Information:
USDA/RD/HPSB
1400 Independence Avenue, SW, Room 1330-S
Washington, DC,
20250
USA
Fax: 202-692-0182
WHAT TO EXPECT NEXT:
If you set up your USAJOBS account to send automatic email notifications, you
will receive an email acknowledging: 1) the submission of your online
Occupational Questionnaire and resume was successful,  2) if you were referred
to the selecting official for consideration, and  3) if you were selected or not
selected. If you choose not to set up automatic email notifications, you must
check your USAJOBS account for the latest status of your application. Your
application may be reviewed to verify that you meet the qualifications and
eligibility requirements for the position prior to issuing lists to a selecting
official. If further evaluation or interviews are required, you will be
contacted. Normally, a final job offer to the selected candidate is made within
30-60 days after the issuance of the certificate.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: September 5, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              338 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          September 3, 2014 Wednesday

Rural Business-Cooperative Service: Administrative Support Assistant (AO)
DC-2014-0095

LENGTH: 2482  words

DATELINE: Washington


The United States Office of Personnel Management has issued the following job
announcement:

Job Title:Administrative Support Assistant (AO)

Department:Department Of Agriculture

Agency:Rural Business-Cooperative Service

Job Announcement Number:DC-2014-0095
SALARY RANGE:
 $42,631.00 to $55,421.00 / Per Year
OPEN PERIOD:
 Wednesday, September 3, 2014 to Friday, September 12, 2014
SERIES & GRADE:
 GS-0303-07
POSITION INFORMATION:
 Full-Time - Permanent
PROMOTION POTENTIAL:
07
DUTY LOCATIONS:
 1 vacancy - District of Columbia, DC View Map
WHO MAY APPLY:
 Current permanent Federal employees with competitive status, reinstatement
eligibles, persons with disabilities, VEOA/VRA eligibles, certain military
spouses, 30% or more disabled veterans, former Peace Corps or VISTA volunteers,
CTAP/ICTAP eligibles, Farm Service Agency permanent county employees and those
eligible for other Special Hiring Authorities.
SECURITY CLEARANCE:
 Q - Nonsensitive
SUPERVISORY STATUS:
 No
JOB SUMMARY:

The U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA) Rural Development Agency serves rural
communities throughout the country by investing in their communities through
housing and utility infrastructure, by increasing economic opportunity, and by
improving the quality of life for all rural Americans.  Rural Development
provides over 40 loan and grant programs in the Rural Housing and Community
Facilities Services, Rural Business and Cooperative Services, and Rural
Utilities Service. Rural Development supports a positive work environment and
promotes diversity and inclusion for nearly 5,000 employees.

Rural Development is a dynamic organization recruiting for employees who possess
the energy, compassion, and commitment to serve those in rural communities and
will enjoy working in a fast paced and results driven organization.  Our
commitment is to expand economic opportunity and quality of life in all of rural
America by providing financial programs to support essential public facilities
and services such as water and sewer systems, housing, health clinics, emergency
service facilities and electric and telephone service.  Rural Development offers
a friendly and professional working environment and such excellent benefits as:
a generous salary, alternative work schedules, paid vacation and sick leave,
paid holidays, retirement and supplemental savings plan, a wide array of health,
dental, vision, and life insurance plans, flexible spending accounts, and
long-term care insurance.

This position is located in the Business & Industry Division (BID) Business
Programs (BP), Rural Business Service (RBS).  The BID has management
responsibilities for Business & Industry (B&I) nationwide Direct and Guaranteed
Loan programs.  You will serve as the Administrative Assistant to the Director,
Business & Industry Division and the B&I staff.

This announcement may be used to fill additional or subsequent vacancies that
are identified by the organization.
TRAVEL REQUIRED

Not Required

RELOCATION AUTHORIZED

No

KEY REQUIREMENTS

US Citizenship is required.
    Selective Service Registration is required for males born after 12/31/1959.
    As a condition of employment a background investigation is required.

DUTIES:
Back to top

You will be responsible for advising the Director on the practical and technical
aspects of office administration, include, budgeting, purchasing, supply
management, travel authorizations and arrangements, personnel administration,
data processing, and file management.
    Prepare travel authorization, reservations, and completes and reviews travel
vouchers for compliance according to the Federal Travel Regulations.
    Develop and exchange information to resolve operating problems and make
recommendations.
    Review correspondence prepared by various office personnel for correctness,
clarity of expression, grammar, format and conformance with office and
Department policy.

QUALIFICATIONS REQUIRED:
Back to top

All applicants must meet all qualifications and eligibility requirements by the
closing date of the announcement including time-in-grade and demonstrated
specialized experience as described below.

Time-in-grade: Applicants must meet one year at the next lower grade to be
considered fo the next higher grade. (e.g. one year at the GS-06 level for
considerationfor the GS-07 grade level.)


For the GS-7 level: Applicants must possess one year of a specialized experience
equivalent to  at the GS-7 level; or its non-federal equivalent that
demonstrates:  receiving and referring phone calls and visitors to an office;
using word processing or other software tools to produce, store or send a wide
variety of documents in final format; maintaining calendars and scheduling
appointments for senior level staff; making travel arrangements for staff;
serving as office timekeeper, ensuring that time and attendance records are
accurate and procuring supplies or services for an office using federal
procurement regulations.

There is no education substitution for this grade level.

Must be able to type at least 40 words per minute. You MUST self-certify on your
application that you meet this requirements.

Note: To be considered for this position, you must meet all qualification and
eligibility requirements for the GS-0303 series set forth in the Office of
Personnel Management Qualifications Standards by the closing date of the
announcement. A copy is available at:
http://www.opm.gov/qualifications/index.asp.

If you are newly hired, the documentation you present for purposes of completing
the Department Homeland Security (DHS) Form I-9 on your entry-on-duty date will
be verified through the DHS "E-VERIFY" system. Federal law requires the use of
E-VERIFY to confirm the employment eligibility of all new hires. Under this
system, the new hire is required to resolve any identified discrepancies as a
condition of continued employment. o Selectee must be able to obtain and
maintain a security clearance. If selected you may be subject to a National
Agency Check and Inquiry (NACI) and a credit report inquiry.


o  Have your salary sent to a financial institution of your choice by Direct
Deposit/Electronic Funds Transfer.
HOW YOU WILL BE EVALUATED:

You will be evaluated based on your qualifications for this position as
evidenced by the education, experience, and training you described in your
application package, as well as the responses to the Occupational Questionnaire
to determine the degree to which you possess the knowledge, skills, abilities
and competencies listed below:

Office Administration Practices and Procedures
        Work Planning and Organization
        Automation
        Oral and Written Communication

We will review your application, including the online Occupational
Questionnaire, to ensure you meet the job requirements and assess your ability
to perform this job. Before any certificate can be issued to the selecting
official, the resume and supporting documents are reviewed by an HR Specialist
to ensure that (a) minimum qualification requirements are met and (b) the resume
supports the answers provided to the job-specific questions. Your answers will
be verified against information provided in your online resume and application.
Be sure that your resume clearly supports your responses to all the questions
addressing experience and education relevant to this position.
    Applicants who meet the basic minimum qualification requirements and are
determined to be among the best qualified candidates will be referred to the
hiring manager for consideration. Non-Competitive candidates need to meet
minimum qualification requirements to be referred.

Note: If, after reviewing your resume and / or supporting documentation, a
determination is made that you have inflated your qualifications and or
experience, your score can / will be lowered to more accurately reflect the
submitted documentation. Please follow all instructions carefully. Errors or
omissions may affect your rating. Deliberate attempts to falsify information may
be grounds for not selecting you.

To view the application form, visit:
https://rbcs.usda.ntis.gov/cp/?event=jobs.previewApplication&jobid=1527b04b-7683
-4c06-9c79-a38500be4d20

BENEFITS:
Back to top
The Federal Government offers a comprehensive benefits package.  Explore the
major benefits offered to most Federal employees at:
http://www.opm.gov/healthcare-insurance/healthcare/enrollment/new-federal-employ
ee-enrollment/

OTHER INFORMATION:
o  Relocation expenses are not authorized.
o  This position is eligible for telework and other flexible work arrangements.
Employee participation is at the discretion of the supervisor.
o  Persons with disabilities who require alternative means for communication of
program information (Braille, large print, audiotape, etc) should contact: USDAs
TARGET Center at 202-720-2600 (voice and TDD).
o  Career Transition Assistance Plan(CTAP):   If you are claiming CTAP
eligibility, provide proof of eligibility to include your most recent
performance appraisal, SF-50, and proof of eligibility such as a RIF separation
notice or letter from OPM/your agency.  CTAP eligibles will be considered
well-qualified if achieving a rating of 88 or above.  Information about CTAP
eligibility is on OPMs Career Transition Resources website at
http://www.opm.gov/ctap/index.asp.
HOW TO APPLY:
Back to top

Please read the entire announcement and all the instructions before you begin.
The following instructions outline our application process.

You must complete this application process and submit all required documents
electronically by 11:59 p.m. Eastern Time (ET) on the closing date of this
announcement.
    We are available to assist you during business hours normally (8:00 a.m. -
4:00 p.m., Monday - Friday). Applying online is highly encouraged. If applying
online poses a hardship, please contact our office during business hours well
before the closing date for an alternate method. All hardship application
packages with supporting documents must be submitted no later than noon on the
closing date of the announcement in order to be entered into the system prior to
its closing.
    This agency provides reasonable accommodation to applicants with
disabilities on a case-by-case basis; contact us if you are requesting this.

Step 1: Create a USAJOBS account (if you do not have one) at www.usajobs.gov. It
is recommended that as part of your profile you set up automatic email
notification to be informed when the status of your application changes. If you
choose not to set up this automatic notification, then you will have to log into
your USAJOBS account to check on the status of your application.


Step 2: Create a resume with USAJOBS or upload a resume into your USAJOBS
account. Customize your resume to ensure it documents duties and accomplishments
you have gained that are directly related to this position in order to verify
that qualifications are met. Your resume must support your responses to the
online questionnaire (you may preview the online questionnaire by clicking on
the link at the end of the How You Will Be Evaluated section of the job
announcement).

Step 3: Click "Apply Online" and follow the prompts to complete the Occupational
Questionnaire and attach any additional documents that may be required.
You can update your application or documents anytime while the announcement is
open. Log into your USAJOBS account and click on "Application Status." Click on
the position title, and then select "Update Application" to continue.
NOTE: Verify that uploaded documents from USAJOBs transfer into the Agency's
staffing system. Once in the Agency's staffing system you will have the
opportunity to upload additional documents. Uploaded documents must be less than
3MB and in one of the following document formats: GIF, JPG, JPEG, PNG, RTF, PDF,
or Word (DOC or DOCX).


REQUIRED DOCUMENTS:

A complete Application Package must be submitted and received prior to 11:59,
ET, on the closing date. The following documents are required for your
application package to be complete. Our office cannot be responsible for
incompatible software, illegible fax transmissions, delays in the mail service,
your system failure or downtime, etc. Failure to submit required, legible
documents may result in loss of consideration.

Resume that includes the following information: 1) personal information; 2)
education; 3) work experience including the work schedule and hours worked per
week as well as dates of employment; and title, series and grade if applicable;
4) supervisor's phone number and e-mail address for each work period listed and
whether or not we may contact them for reference checks; and, 5) other
qualifications.

Other required documents as applicable:

Current career/Career-Conditional: Most recent non-award Notification of
Personnel Action (SF-50 or equivalent) showing that you are/were in the
competitive service, highest grade (or promotion potential) held on a permanent
basis, federal status, position title, series and grade AND most recently
completed performance appraisal (dated within 18 months) showing the official
rating of record, signed by the supervisor, or a statement as to why the
performance appraisal is unavailable. Do not submit a performance plan.
    Action, showing that you were/are serving under an unlimited, career-type
appointment AND have completed at least 1 year of continuous service without a
break of a workday under one or more nontemporary Foreign Service appointments.

    CTAP/: Certification of Expected Separation, Reduction-In-Force Separation
Notice, Notice of Proposed Removal, or appropriate OPM/Agency certification; AND
most recent performance evaluation; AND SF-50 demonstrating your separation or
the position from which you will be separated.

AGENCY CONTACT INFO:
Chris Tart
Phone: 202-692-0192
Fax: 202-692-0182
Email: prentice.tart@wdc.usda.gov
Agency Information:
USDA/RD/HPSB
1400 Independence Avenue, SW, Room 1330-S
Washington, DC,
20250
USA
Fax: 202-692-0182
WHAT TO EXPECT NEXT:
If you set up your USAJOBS account to send automatic email notifications, you
will receive an email acknowledging: 1) the submission of your online
Occupational Questionnaire and resume was successful,  2) if you were referred
to the selecting official for consideration, and  3) if you were selected or not
selected. If you choose not to set up automatic email notifications, you must
check your USAJOBS account for the latest status of your application. Your
application may be reviewed to verify that you meet the qualifications and
eligibility requirements for the position prior to issuing lists to a selecting
official. If further evaluation or interviews are required, you will be
contacted. Normally, a final job offer to the selected candidate is made within
30-60 days after the issuance of the certificate.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: September 5, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              339 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                  Wisconsin State Journal (Madison, Wisconsin)

                          September 20, 2007 Thursday
                                  ALL EDITION

CROWNE PLAZA SOLD IN THREE-HOTEL DEAL

BYLINE: State Journal staff

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. E1

LENGTH: 411 words


REAL ESTATE

Two years after its renovation, the Crowne Plaza hotel on Madison's Far East
Side has been sold.

The 226-room hotel at 4402 E. Washington Ave. is part of a $118 million,
three-hotel deal in which Interstate Hotels & Resorts and Investcorp
International's U.S.-based Real Estate Group have formed a joint venture
partnership.

The Crowne Plaza, along with the Hilton Seelbach in Lousiville, Ky., and the
Sheraton Columbia in Maryland, were purchased from the Blackstone Group.

INVESTING

Third Wave to reveal its plans for future Third Wave Technologies will outline
its long-term plans to about 60 analysts and investors from around the country
at the Four Seasons Hotel in New York City today. It's the first such event the
Madison biotech has held since staging its initial public stock offering in
2001.

Third Wave's stock hit new 52-week highs in trading during the day Tuesday and
Wednesday and closed Wednesday at $8.47, up 4 cents a share.

AIRPORT

Passenger count tops last year's More passengers used the Dane County Regional
Airport last month than a year ago.

The airport's 73,307 departing passengers were up 2.2 percent from August 2006
while the 74,869 arriving passengers were up 3 percent, according to a report
issued Wednesday.

August was only the fourth of the last 32 months to show an increase in airport
passengers over the same month the previous year.

For the first eight months of 2007, the number of departures is down 2.7 percent
from 2006 while the number of arrivals is down 2.1 percent.

Military operations last month were up 39.3 percent from a year ago.

GRANTS $200,000 awarded to aid cooperatives Cooperative Development Services
Fund Inc. in Madison has been selected to receive a $200,000 Rural Cooperative
Grant.

The money will be used statewide to help rural residents form new cooperative
businesses and improve the operations of existing cooperatives.

The grant was part of $3.6 million awarded to Rural Cooperative Development
Centers in 18 states.

BRIEFLY

M&I Bank has received awards for overall banking services, branch service,
business banking and cash management services in a survey by Greenwich
Associates, a consulting and research firm that asks businesses to rate the
quality of bank products.

The Madison Area Builders Association and Project Home have established a Web
site at www.greenbuilthomemakeover.com to track the progress of the Green Built
Makeover project that began last month at the Madison home of Helen Tookes.

LOAD-DATE: September 21, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2007 Madison Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              340 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                     Sun Journal (New Bern, North Carolina)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            November 8, 2011 Tuesday

Prawn test project going without grant

BYLINE: Sue Book, Sun Journal, New Bern, N.C.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 627 words


Nov. 08--VANCEBORO -- Craven County commissioners did not have a Monday debate
on the viability of a prawn hatchery project that requested county endorsement,
although some did their homework for the possibility.

A $142,000, three-year aquaculture grant application, brought to the board in
October by Craven Cooperative Extension Service Director Tom Glasgow, has
already been nixed by the Raleigh-based N.C. Rural Economic Development Center.

"We won't have to go back to the board," said Don Ipock of Carolina's Best
Prawn, which had developed a research project plan with 15-county Extension
Service Aquaculture Agent Mike Frinsko for Ipock's multi-pond prawn production
farm off Spruill Town Road. The farm near Vanceboro would have been used much
like crop plot testing projects to determine the practical and economic
potential for hatching juveniles of the large freshwater shrimp-like crustacean.

Commissioners held back support for the grant application that included a
provision for the county to hold the funds, instead asking for a new business
plan. The grant request was turned down by the Rural Center in 2010.

"I was disappointed a little bit because we've still got work to do," Ipock said
about the application not getting approved by the Rural Center. "This year, I
feel like it didn't happen because we spent our wheels and because anything
associated with prawn may have reached its limits. They are moving along with
other operations. They've been really good to us."

He didn't think the county's failure to act was the cause.

In fact, Ipock said, Commissioner Scott Dacey came out to this year's prawn
harvest with his daughter to get information first-hand on the project he had
questioned.

Dacey said in October he didn't think the county should be encouraging grants
for projects that would benefit an individual business.

Actually the local hatchery idea with the Extension Service Aquaculture program
is to test local production of prawn now being shipped in to Eastern North
Carolina prawn farmers. They want to make the seed crop less expensive, more
ecologically friendly, and to avoid shortages experienced for two years.

"We will go forward with the project without the grant," said Ipock. "We want to
show farmers how they can be innovative with their operations," although it
remains a niche market that is also being developed.

There are six prawn farmers in the American Prawn Cooperative in Eastern North
Carolina and about a dozen in the state, he said, with some in Virginia,
Kentucky, Mississippi and Arkansas that collectively produce only "a miniscule
portion of the total prawn production in the world" led by China and India.

"China is producing about 500 million pounds now and is exporting," Ipock said.
"But in the next two years, they will become importers of the product," offering
another potential cash crop for former tobacco farmers who are diversifying.

Ipock put juveniles into two of the three ponds on his farm this year and "had a
crash in one pond and knew we lost product; we got a little over 1,000 pounds.
But the second pond hit 2,000 pounds and that was a great blessing I didn't
expect at all. It was a big day, a long day but I'm pleased."

By supplying their own juveniles here, he said, farmers can use an earthen
system efficiently, in theory, to do everything in the ground with the earth as
an insulator and a greenhouse as cover. Using all natural feed, an all natural
purifying process, and very little electricity, it could be a crop that shows
respect for the environment and makes money.

Sue Book can be reached at 252-635-5665 or sbook@freedomenc.com

___ (c)2011 the Sun Journal (New Bern, N.C.) Visit the Sun Journal (New Bern,
N.C.) at http://www.newbernsj.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: November 9, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20111108-NS-Prawn-test-project-going-without-grant-1108-20111108

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: NS


                           Copyright 2011 Sun Journal


                              341 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                          South Bend Tribune (Indiana)

                      May 13, 2001 Sunday Michigan Edition

Business Companies

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. B3

LENGTH: 720 words


CASSOPOLIS -- Midwest Energy Cooperative  recently earned safety accreditation
from the National Rural Electric Cooperative Association. Based on an on-site
visit of trained reviewers and a thorough review of a safety documentation
submitted by the cooperative, Midwest's scores of 70 on the field review and 84
on the documentation, out of 100 possible points, indicates a solid base for
continued improvement. The three-year accreditation offers the cooperative some
financial savings on insurance costs. Midwest Energy Cooperative is a
member-owned electric utility providing services to more than 31,000 customers
in 11 counties in southern Michigan and northern Indiana and Ohio. Midwest
Energy, the parent company of Midwest Connections, Midwest Energy Solutions and
Midwest Propane, has district offices in Cassopolis, Paw Paw and Adrian, Mich.


ELKHART -- Tom Naquin Oldsmobile Division  has experienced strong sales for the
first quarter of 2001, reporting a sales increase of 13 percent over the
comparable period in 2000. Debra Kelly-Ennis, general manager of Oldsmobile,
said this was rather remarkable, given the fact that General Motors announced
last December that Oldsmobile would be phased out of business over the next few
years.


ELKHART -- TaigMartin Inc . has announced that it has agreed to purchase the
building formerly occupied by The Stationers at 223 S. Main St. and will move
all operations there as soon as renovations are complete. Steve Taig, president,
said the business has grown nearly 200 percent in the last four years and has
run out of room at its present location at 30651 Old U.S. 20 W.


ELKHART -- On May 7 the attorneys, paralegals and administrative staff of Baker
& Daniels  opened for business in their newly renovated office at 317 W.
Franklin St. Baker & Daniels' merger with Pfaff, Brotherson & Killoren last July
nearly tripled the size of its Elkhart office. The firm's 12 attorneys, two
paralegals and 13 support staff can now operate together out of the West
Franklin Street office. The phone number for Baker & Daniels' office is (219)
296-6000. The fax number if (219) 296-6001.


LANSING -- The Michigan Economic Development Corp.  has announced that 3,438
Michigan workers will have the opportunity to improve their job skills through
more than $1.6 million in grants. Fourteen grants, funded by the Michigan
Economic Development Corporation's Economic Development Job Training program,
will be used to upgrade the skills of workers at 14 Michigan companies. The
program helps Michigan businesses create new jobs or retain existing jobs by
improving the skills and competitiveness of Michigan's work force. Under the
requirements of the job training program, employers must provide a 25 percent
match for training existing workers. For these 14 grants employers will provide
$491,193 in matching funds.

The funds are provided to local community colleges, vocational-technical schools
or other training providers. A complete list of grant awards is available at the
Web site: www.michigan.org.


SOUTH BEND -- The Michiana Chapter of the Society for Human Resource Management
recently received the Superior Merit Award from the Society for Human Resource
Management, which represents more than 150,000 human resource professionals
around the world. The award recognizes SHRM chapters for operational excellence,
superior membership service, promotion of the human resource profession and
support of SHRM goals and programs. The Michiana Chapter, which was established
in 1957, is the oldest chapter in Indiana with 288 members. Meetings are held on
the third Tuesday of each month from September through May. For more chapter
information, call Jinny Longbrake at (219) 284-3606, visit www.michianaSHRM.com
or call City Line at 674-0900, ext. 7416.

MILLERSBURG -- The expansion of the office facilities for Millersburg Family
Physicians  was recently completed by DJ Construction, the DesignBuilder for the
1,351-square-foot addition to the facility. The addition, which nearly doubled
the existing facility, allows two doctors to see patients at the same time. A
full-time Certified Family Nurse Practitioner also has been added to the staff.
An open house is planned for the facility on Saturday from 1 to 4 p.m.


LOAD-DATE: May 17, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                 Copyright 2001 South Bend Tribune Corporation


                              342 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                   Clovis Livestock Market News (New Mexico)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                               November 13, 2009

USDA seeking applicants for grant program

BYLINE: Clovis Livestock Market News staff

LENGTH: 470  words


ALBUQUERQUE - Only a few applications for the Value-Added Producer Grant Program
(VAPG) have been received from ag producers in New Mexico.

The VAPG program is designed to provide grant funding to assist agricultural
producers increase their profits by adding value to their products.

"In tough economic times, I would have expected that more than a handful of
applications would have been submitted for this grant program," said USDA Rural
Development State Director Terry Brunner. "This funding can really help farmers
and ranchers find marketing opportunities and produce profitable products from
their crops or livestock.

More New Mexicans need to take advantage of this program."

The VAPG can be used for planning activities such as feasibility studies,
marketing and business plans, or for working capital. Some examples for which
the money can be used include the following:

Developing a marketing study to determine the sales potential of making diced
tomatoes and chile into salsa;

Working capital, including salaries and utilities;

Creation of bio-materials (plastics, fiber-board);

On-farm renewable energy and biofuels (ethanol, bio-diesel). Recently, a grant
was awarded to a dairy cooperative in New Mexico to determine if dairy wastes
can be turned into methane gas. Planning grants of up to $100,000 and working
capital grants of up to $300,000 to successful applicants will be competitively
awarded. Applicants are encouraged to propose projects that use existing
agricultural products in non-traditional ways or that merge agricultural
products with technology in creative ways. Businesses of all sizes may apply,
but priority will be given to operators of small and medium-sized family farms -
those with average, annual gross sales of $700,000 or less.

Applicants must provide matching funds equal to the amount of the grant
requested. Ten percent of the available funding is reserved for beginning
farmers or ranchers and generally disadvantaged farmers or ranchers. An
additional 10 percent is reserved for projects involving local and regional
supply networks that link independent producers with businesses and cooperatives
that market value-added products.

"The deadline to apply for a Value Added Producer Grant is Monday, November 30,
2009 and is quickly approaching. Paper applications must be submitted to the
Rural Development State Office located at 6200 Jefferson NE Room 255 by the
close of business that day or electronically through the Grants.gov Website at
http://www.grants.gov," said, Brunner.

Those that want to apply for the VAPG funding can direct questions to the USDA
Rural Development State Office at 505-761-4952.

For requirements, consult both the funding notice at
http://www.rurdev.usda.gov/rbs/coops/vadg.htm and the regulations at
http:/www.rurdev.usda.gov/regs/regs/pdf/4284j.pdf.

LOAD-DATE: February 17, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Business

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: CVM

                      Copyright 2009 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                  Copyright 2009 Clovis Livestock Market News


                              343 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                         Deming Headlight (New Mexico)

                            February 8, 2011 Tuesday

USDA Rural Development taking grant applications

BYLINE: For the Headlight

SECTION: LOCAL

LENGTH: 515 words


ALBUQUERQUE - Terry Brunner, State Director for USDA Rural Development in New
Mexico, announced that applications are being accepted for the Rural Business
Enterprise Grant (RBEG) program.

The RBEG program is available to public bodies, nonprofits and Indian tribes to
facilitate and finance the development of small and emerging private business
enterprises in rural areas. "Rural" is applicable to those communities of up to
50,000 in population.

In making the announcement, Brunner said, "The RBEG program helps finance new
and existing businesses by ensuring the community can make investments in
activities that will ultimately create jobs and increase economic opportunity
and improve the quality of life for those living in their area."

Grant funds may be used to finance and facilitate the development of small,
private business enterprises, which include any private business that will
employ 50 or fewer new employees and has less than $1 million in projected gross
revenues. Grant funds can also be used by making a loan to the business as a
revolving loan fund. The RBEG funds can also be used to pay for technical
assistance, or purchasing real or personal property to be leased to the
business. Technical assistance could provide money for such things as
feasibility studies, business plans, business development training, or
workshops.

Applications are selected for funding based on an established competitive
scoring process. Priority will be given to application requests in the amount of
$50,000 or less. Additionally, eligible initial applications will receive
discretionary points for projects that support the agency and department goals
in the following categories:

Renewable energy

Local food systems and value-added agriculture

Great regions: multi-county or multi-state projects that will establish best
practices in the area of regional economic and community development

Support of cooperatives

Business programs in persistent poverty counties including: Catron, Cibola, Dona
Ana, Guadalupe, Luna, McKinley, Mora, Rio Arriba, Roosevelt, San Juan, San
Miguel, Socorro, and Taos.

Underserved populations such as minority and women-owned businesses

Last fiscal year, USDA Rural Development provided $386,999 to assist 4 New
Mexico recipients develop business opportunities.

USDA Rural Development is currently accepting applications until close of
business, Friday, April 1, 2010, for the Rural Business Enterprise Grants (RBEG)
program.

More information on the RBEG program can be obtained from the Rural Development
State Office in Albuquerque at (505) 761-4953 or at:
http://www.rurdev.usda.gov/BCP_rbeg.html

USDA Rural Development's mission is to increase economic opportunity and improve
the quality of life for rural residents. Rural Development fosters growth in
homeownership, finances business development, and supports the creation of
critical community and technology infrastructure. Further information on rural
programs is available at any local USDA Rural Development office or by visiting
USDA Rural Development's web site at http://www.rurdev.usda.gov .

LOAD-DATE: February 8, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


          Copyright 2011 Deming Headlight, a MediaNews Group Newspaper
                              All Rights Reserved


                              344 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                        St. Joseph News-Press (Missouri)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                              June 7, 2015 Sunday

Rural broadband efforts reach standstill

BYLINE: Ray Scherer, St. Joseph News-Press, Mo.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 573 words


June 07--Some individuals are taking matters into their own hands when it comes
to extending broadband's reach in rural Missouri.

In one instance, a Silver-Haired legislator plans to propose bringing computers
and Internet service into all senior citizen nutrition centers. The purpose is
to engage those who frequent the sites into political issues that impact their
age group, and provide downloadable consumer discounts.

Elsewhere, a Caldwell County businessman has chosen to spend company funds to
assure broadband access. The $1,400 to $1,500 used monthly means Internet data
speeds of 50MB per second is available at the warehouse for Missouri Star Quilt
Co. in Hamilton, Mo.

"We did it," said Alan Doan, the business's co-owner. "It's in existence. We're
just spending an arm and a leg to have it."

DSL that Missouri Star Quilt had been using kept going out, according to Mr.
Doan.

"Running a small business in a small town is very hard," he added.

Both efforts point to a lack of development for broadband in parts of Northwest
Missouri. A related project led by state government has gone dormant, leaving
some smaller communities devoid of Internet connectivity.

One seemingly anti-broadband measure floated before the Missouri General
Assembly this year failed to gain traction. Opponents said the Senate bill would
have made it more difficult for rural governments to expand the services.

One organization is attempting to extend broadband's reach to all areas. The
Mo-Kan Regional Council came out against the bill.

"Our biggest reason is we see a demand for rural broadband," said Tom Bliss, its
executive director.

Many communities still struggle to obtain quality broadband, Mr. Bliss said.

"We think it's important from an economic development standpoint to level the
playing field with large communities," he added.

The council hopes to rely on grant funds to bridge the gap. An application was
submitted this spring, with assistance from United Electric Cooperative Inc. and
Tech Team in St. Joseph, in which bandwidth would be purchased from the
cooperative. Tech Team would manage the project. The U.S. Department of
Agriculture Rural Development program leading to the work requires $150,000 in
matching funds.

Mr. Bliss said word on the application is expected sometime in the next two
months.

Progress is necessary, he said, in light of constantly rising data transmission
speeds. Some providers may find out they can no longer provide a service, he
said. Approval would also bring the Internet to under-served school districts,
allowing students to conduct research and complete homework assignments via
computers. The aid would also flow to emergency management providers.

A state project dubbed MoBroadbandNow has gone on hiatus, Mr. Bliss said. The
initiative was a priority for many officials who participated in rural economic
development.

Another option could come in the form of user fee revenue by the Federal
Communications Commission. That money is to be released to states, he said, to
expand broadband networks. The presence of a plan would show Missouri is ready
to deploy its share once the funds become available.

Development of a public safety broadband service known as FirstNet could lend
momentum to the rural sector, Mr. Bliss said.

___ (c)2015 the St. Joseph News-Press (St. Joseph, Mo.) Visit the St. Joseph
News-Press (St. Joseph, Mo.) at www.newspressnow.com/index.html Distributed by
Tribune Content Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: June 8, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20150607-JM-Rural-broadband-efforts-reach-standstill-0607-20150607

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: JM


                      Copyright 2015 St. Joseph News-Press


                              345 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                  Oakes Times

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                February 5, 2009

Davita Dialysis Center holds Open House at Oakes facility The Loan That Keeps On
Giving

BYLINE: Moe Bohannon Oakes Times

LENGTH: 608  words


The idea of a dialysis center in Oakes began several years ago when two of our
local citizens, Rev. Patrick O'Brien and Steve Ketterling started doing research
on how many of the people in Oakes and the surrounding area were driving
hundreds of miles every week to receive dialysis. They soon brought on board
Oakes Enhancement, Inc., the Oakes Community Hospital-and Drs. Rup and Vani
Nagala.

More research was done, looking for a company that would come and build in this
area. The Drs. Nagala met with DaVita, Inc., a plan was formed and this past
month the DaVita Dialysis Center was opened in Oakes. The Drs. Nagala own the
building, Davita leases the building and operates the dialysis.

Currently there are six patients on dialysis in Oakes. They each take three
sessions a week on Monday, Wednesday and Friday. Each of those sessions last
about three to four hours.

There are three Registered Nurses on staff. They are Marie Peterson, who is the
facility manager, Katie Dahlstrom and Lori Albus.

The DaVita Dialysis Center in Oakes has eight stations. Therefore the facility,
when full, can run six days a week with three shifts per day.

The loan that keeps on giving

During an open house Thursday at Oakes Dialysis, Rural Development Acting State
Director, Myron Lepp, presented a ceremonial check to Dakota Valley Electric
Cooperative, Inc. for an economic development grant and loan for $300,000 and
$132,000, respectfully, to build a kidney dialysis treatment center in Oakes,
North Dakota.

"These funds will help support rural communities by establishing a low-interest
revolving loan fund to increase economic opportunities and improve the quality
of life for rural Americans," said Lepp.

By creating a revolving fund with the monies, Dakota Valley Electric Cooperative
was able to in turn provide $432,000 to Doctors Rupkumar and Vani Nagala to
purchase land and construct a building that will be leased to DaVita, a provider
of kidney dialysis treatment. The project will create four new jobs.

"The economic development program provides funding to Rural Utilities program
borrowers, usually electric and telephone cooperatives, which then provide the
money to local entities to promote economic development and create jobs in rural
areas," continued Lepp. "The repayment from the loan is scheduled over a number
of years and placed in a revolving loan fund to assist other business ventures
in the community and county."

DaVita, a leading provider of dialysis services in the United States, provides
dialysis services for those diagnosed with chronic kidney failure, a condition
also known as chronic kidney disease (CKD). They have over 1,400 outpatient
dialysis facilities and acute units in over 700 hospitals, two in North Dakota,
and are located in 43 states and the District of Columbia, serving approximately
110,000 patients.

In Fiscal Year 2008, USD A Rural Development provided $38.1 million in housing
programs, $54.7 million in business and community programs, $577.5 million in
electric programs, and $17.9 million in telecom programs to North Dakota
residents.

USDA Rural Development's mission is to increase economic opportunity and improve
the quality of life for rural residents. Rural Development has invested more
than $111 billion since 2001 for equity and technical assistance to finance and
foster growth in home ownership, business development, and critical community
and technology infrastructure. More than 2 million jobs have been created or
saved through these investments. Further information on rural programs is
available at a local USDA Rural Development office or by visiting USDA's web
site at www.rurdev.usda.gov

LOAD-DATE: November 15, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Technology

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: OAK

                      Copyright 2009 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                           Copyright 2009 Oakes Times


                              346 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                 Indian Express

                            December 9, 2016 Friday

Nabard to fund 2 lakh PoS deployment in 1 lakh villages

BYLINE: ens economic bureau

LENGTH: 390  words

DATELINE: Mumbai


In a bid to push the cashless payment mode in rural areas of the country, the
National Bank for Agriculture and Rural Development (Nabard) has said it will
provide a grant of Rs 228 crore for deployment of two lakh point-of-sale (PoS)
machines in one lakh villages and procurement of EMV-based debit cards for
farmers.

Nabard said it will extend support to banks for deployment of two PoS devices
per village in one lakh villages of Tier 5 and 6 areas having a population of up
to 10,000. The estimated support will be around Rs 120 crore, it said.

"Further, to encourage adoption of new generation secure technology among
farmers who are already on Rupay KCC platform, Nabard will now support
procurement of EMV chip and PIN-based RuPay Kisan Cards by both regional rural
banks and the rural cooperative banks," it said. The approximate expenditure for
Nabard under this will be Rs 108 crore covering around 4.32 crore KCC holders.

Watch What Else Is making News

Nabard chairman Harsh Kumar Bhanwala said, "We believe that these two
initiatives will have a positive impact in easing the transition to digital
transactions."

"Over the last few years, Nabard has brought nearly the entire cooperative
banking system onto Core Banking Solution (CBS) platform. It had also provided
financial support to select regional rural banks for moving over to CBS
platform, the first pre-requisite for moving towards cashless banking services,"
he said.

As per initial estimates by the finance ministry, the number of PoS machines
across the country would need to jump almost 10-fold from the present 14 lakh
devices to ensure that the economy grows even as physical stock of currency
shrinks. Banks are expected to add another 10 lakh PoS devices by March-end. The
number of PoS terminals is very low at present, as compared to the number of
retail merchant establishments (1.5 crore) and small and medium enterprises (3.6
crore). Over 80 per cent of the transactions in Indian economy are conducted in
cash, in contrast to developed countries average of around 20 per cent.

Banks have stepped up orders with leading global PoS terminal manufacturers,
which include France-based Ingenico, US-based VeriFone, China-based PAX
Technology, South Korea-based CyberNet. India's largest lender State Bank of
India has seen ten times surge in demand for PoS machines.

LOAD-DATE: December 8, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


           Copyright 2016 Indian Express, distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              347 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                              The Bismarck Tribune

                              June 12, 2011 Sunday

Business Digest - June 12, 2011

SECTION: MONEY; Pg. 1B

LENGTH: 224 words


An engineering firm and four water boards have received a regional achievement
award from the Williston Area Development Foundation.

Recipients were Advanced Engineering and Environmental Services Inc. and R&T
Water Supply Association, McKenzie County Water Resource District, Williams
Rural Water District and Burke Divide Williams Rural Water, which helped to
obtain state financing for the Western Area Water Supply Authority.

The water system will provide drinking water to rural areas of northwestern
North Dakota, as well as water for oil field use.

Capital Electric Cooperative members re-elected Rex Hollenbeck, Kyle Hilken and
Rodney Eckroth to the board of directors at the co-op's recent annual meeting.

The cooperative also retired more than $1.14 million in capital credits earned
in 1995.

Terry Kovacevich, Dickinson-based Bakken asset manager of Marathon Oil Corp.,
presented a check for $15,000 to the American Red Cross West Dakota Chapter to
aid in flood relief efforts.

The state's annual report to the federal Department of Housing and Urban
Development for North Dakota's 2010 action plan can be viewed on the Internet at
www.communityservices.nd.gov/community/consolidated-plan.

The report includes information on activities funded by HUD through the
Community Development Block Grant, HOME and Emergency Shelter Grants programs.

LOAD-DATE: June 13, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


       Copyright 2011 The Bismarck Tribune, a division of Lee Enterprises
                              All Rights Reserved


                              348 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                              June 15, 2015 Monday

FEDERAL REGISTER: Inviting Applications for Rural Cooperative Development Grants

LENGTH: 9782  words

DATELINE: Washington


Office of the Federal Register has issued the following notice:

DEPARTMENT OF AGRICULTURE Rural Business-Cooperative Service Inviting
Applications for Rural Cooperative Development Grants AGENCY: Rural Business-
Cooperative Service, USDA. [[Page 34130]] ACTION: Notice.
----------------------------------------------------------------------- SUMMARY:
This Notice announces that the Rural Business-Cooperative Service (Agency) is
accepting fiscal year (FY) 2015 applications for the Rural Cooperative
Development Grant (RCDG) program as authorized by the Consolidated and Further
Continuing Appropriations Act of 2015 (Pub. L. 113-235). Approximately $5.8
million is available to be competitively awarded. The purpose of this program is
to provide financial assistance to improve the economic condition of rural areas
through cooperative development. Eligible applicants include a non- profit
corporation or an institution of higher education. The Agency is encouraging
applications that direct grants to projects based in or serving census tracts
with poverty rates greater than or equal to 20 percent. This emphasis will
support Rural Development's (RD) mission of improving the quality of life for
Rural Americans and its commitment to directing resources to those who most need
them. DATES: Completed applications must be submitted on paper or electronically
according to the following deadlines: Paper applications must be postmarked and
mailed, shipped, or sent overnight no later than July 30, 2015. You may also
hand carry your application to one of our field offices, but it must be received
by close of business on the deadline date. Late applications are not eligible
for funding under this Notice and will not be evaluated. Electronic applications
must be received by July 27, 2015 to be eligible for grant funding. Please
review the Grants.gov Web site at http://grants.
gov/applicants/organization_registration.jsp. For instructions on the process of
registering your organization as soon as possible to ensure you are able to meet
the electronic application deadline. Late applications are not eligible for
funding under this Notice and will not be evaluated. ADDRESSES: You should
contact a USDA Rural Development State Office (State Office) if you have
questions. You are encouraged to contact your State Office well in advance of
the application deadline to discuss your project and ask any questions about the
application process. Contact information for State Offices can be found at
http://www.rurdev.usda.gov/StateOfficeAddresses.html. Program guidance as well
as application and matching funds templates may be obtained at
http://www.rurdev.usda.gov/bcp_rcdg.html. If you want to submit an electronic
application, follow the instructions for the RCDG funding announcement located
at http://www.grants.gov. If you want to submit a paper application, send it to
the State Office located in the State where you are headquartered. If you are
headquartered in Washington, DC please contact the Grants Division, Cooperative
Programs, Rural Business-Cooperative Service, at (202) 690-1376 for guidance on
where to submit your application. FOR FURTHER INFORMATION CONTACT: Grants
Division, Cooperative Programs, Rural Business-Cooperative Service, United
States Department of Agriculture, 1400 Independence Avenue SW., Mail Stop Mail
Stop-3253, Room 4208--South, Washington, DC 20250-3253, (202) 690-1374.
SUPPLEMENTARY INFORMATION: Overview Federal Agency: Rural Business-Cooperative
Service. Funding Opportunity Title: Rural Cooperative Development Grants.
Announcement Type: Initial funding request. Catalog of Federal Domestic
Assistance Number: 10.771. Date: Application Deadline. Paper applications must
be postmarked, mailed, shipped, or sent overnight no later than July 30, 2015,
or it will not be considered for funding. You may also hand carry your
application to one of our field offices, but it must be received by close of
business on the deadline date. Electronic applications must be received by
http://www.grants.gov no later than midnight eastern time July 27, 2015, or it
will not be considered for funding. Paperwork Reduction Act In accordance with
the Paperwork Reduction Act, the paperwork burden associated with this Notice
has been approved by the Office of Management and Budget (OMB) under OMB Control
Number 0570-0006. A. Program Description The RCDG program is authorized under
section 310B(e) of the Consolidated Farm and Rural Development Act (CONACT) (7
U.S.C. 1932(e)) as amended by the Agricultural Act of 2014 (Pub. L. 113-79). You
should become familiar with the regulations for this program published at 7 CFR
part 4284, subparts A and F, which are incorporated by reference in this Notice.
The primary objective of the RCDG program is to improve the economic condition
of rural areas through cooperative development. Grants are awarded on a
competitive basis. The maximum award amount per grant is $200,000. Grants are
available for non-profit corporations or higher education institutions only.
Grant funds may be used to pay for up to 75 percent of the cost of establishing
and operating centers for rural cooperative development. Grant funds may be used
to pay for 95 percent of the cost of establishing and operating centers for
rural cooperative development, when the applicant is a 1994 Institution as
defined by 7 U.S.C. 301. The 1994 Institutions are commonly known as Tribal Land
Grant Institutions. Centers may have the expertise on staff or they can contract
out for the expertise, to assist individuals or entities in the startup,
expansion or operational improvement of rural businesses, especially cooperative
or mutually-owned businesses. Definitions The terms you need to understand are
defined and published at 7 CFR 4284.3 and 7 CFR 4284.504. In addition, the terms
``rural'' and ``rural area,'' defined at section 343(a)(13) of the CONACT (7
U.S.C. 1991(a)), are incorporated by reference, and will be used for this
program instead of those terms currently published at 7 CFR 4284.3. The term
``you'' referenced throughout this Notice should be understood to mean ``you''
the applicant. Finally, there has been some confusion on the Agency's meaning of
the terms ``conflict of interest'' and ``mutually- owned business,'' because
they are not defined in the CONACT or in the regulations used for the program.
Therefore, the terms are clarified and should be understood as follows. Conflict
of interest--A situation in which a person or entity has competing personal,
professional, or financial interests that make it difficult for the person or
business to act impartially. Regarding use of both grant and matching funds,
Federal procurement standards prohibit transactions that involve a real or
apparent conflict of interest for owners, employees, officers, agents, or their
immediate family members having a financial or other interest in the outcome of
the project; or that restrict open and free competition for unrestrained trade.
Specifically, project funds may not be used for services or goods going to, or
coming from, a person or entity with a real or apparent conflict of interest,
including, but not limited to, owner(s) and their immediate family members. An
example of conflict of interest occurs when the grantee's employees, board of
directors, or the immediate family of either, have [[Page 34131]] the appearance
of a professional or personal financial interest in the recipients receiving the
benefits or services of the grant. Mutually-owned business--An organization
owned and governed by members who either are its consumers, producers,
employees, or suppliers. B. Federal Award Information Type of Award: Competitive
Grant. Fiscal Year Funds: FY 2015. Total Funding: Approximately $5.8 million.
Maximum Award: $200,000. Anticipated Award Date: September 30, 2015. C.
Eligibility Information Applicants must meet all of the following eligibility
requirements. Applications which fail to meet any of these requirements by the
application deadline will be deemed ineligible and will not be evaluated
further. 1. Eligible Applicants You must be a nonprofit corporation or an
institution of higher education to apply for this program. Public bodies and
individuals cannot apply for this program. See 7 CFR 4284.507. You must also
meet the following requirements: a. An applicant is ineligible if they have been
debarred or suspended or otherwise excluded from or ineligible for participation
in Federal assistance programs under Executive Order 12549, ``Debarment and
Suspension.'' The Agency will check the System for Award Management (SAM) to
determine if the applicant has been debarred or suspended. In addition, an
applicant will be considered ineligible for a grant due to an outstanding
judgment obtained by the U.S. in a Federal Court (other than U.S. Tax Court), is
delinquent on the payment of Federal income taxes, or is delinquent on Federal
debt. See 7 CFR 4284.6. The applicant must certify as part of the application
that they do not have an outstanding judgement against them. The Agency will
check the Credit Alert Interactive Voice Response System (CAIVRS) to verify
this. b. Any corporation that has been convicted of a felony criminal violation
under any Federal law within the past 24 months or that has any unpaid Federal
tax liability that has been assessed, for which all judicial and administrative
remedies have been exhausted or have lapsed, and that is not being paid in a
timely manner pursuant to an agreement with the authority responsible for
collecting the tax liability, is not eligible for financial assistance provided
with funds appropriated by the Consolidated and Further Continuing
Appropriations Act, 2015, unless a Federal agency has considered suspension or
debarment of the corporation and has made a determination that this further
action is not necessary to protect the interests of the Government. Applicants
will be required to complete Form AD-3030, ``Representations Regarding Felony
Conviction and Tax Delinquent Status for Corporate Applicants,'' if you are a
corporation. c. Applications will be deemed ineligible if the application
includes any funding restrictions identified under Section D.6. a and b.
Inclusion of funding restrictions outlined in Section D.6. a. and b. precludes
the agency from making a federal award. d. Applications will be deemed
ineligible if the application is not complete in accordance with the
requirements stated in Section C.3.e., and will not be reviewed. 2. Cost Sharing
or Matching Your matching funds requirement is 25 percent of the total project
cost (5 percent for 1994 Institutions). See 7 CFR 4284.508. When you calculate
your matching funds requirement, please round up or down to whole dollars as
appropriate. An example of how to calculate your matching funds is as follows:
a. Take the amount of grant funds you are requesting and divide it by .75. This
will give you your total project cost. Example: $200,000 (grant amount)/.75
(percentage for use of grant funds) = $266,667 (total project cost) b. Subtract
the amount of grant funds you are requesting from your total project cost. This
will give you your matching funds requirement. Example: $266,667 (total project
cost) - $200,000 (grant amount) = $66,667 (matching funds requirement) c. A
quick way to double check that you have the correct amount of matching funds is
to take your total project cost and multiply it by .25. Example: $266,667 (total
project cost) x .25 (maximum percentage of matching funds requirement) = $66,667
(matching funds requirement) You must verify that all matching funds are
available during the grant period and provide this documentation with your
application in accordance with requirements identified in Section D.2.e.8. If
you are awarded a grant, additional verification documentation may be required
to confirm the availability of matching funds. Other rules for matching funds
that you must follow are listed below.  They must be spent on eligible expenses
during the grant
period.
     They must be from eligible sources.
     They must be spent in advance or as a pro-rata portion of
grant funds being spent.
     They must be provided by either the applicant or a third
party in the form of cash or an in-kind contribution.
     They cannot include board/advisory council members' time.
     They cannot include other Federal grants unless provided
by authorizing legislation.
     They cannot include cash or in-kind contributions donated
outside the grant period.
     They cannot include over-valued, in-kind contributions.
     They cannot include any project costs that are ineligible
under the RCDG program.
     They cannot include any project costs that are unallowable
under the applicable grant ``Cost Principles,'' including 2 CFR part
200, subpart E, and the Federal Acquisition Regulation (for-profits) or
successor regulation.
     They can include loan funds from a Federal source.
     They can include travel and incidentals for board/advisory
council members if you have established written policies explaining how
these costs are normally reimbursed, including rates. You must include
an explanation of this policy in your application or the contributions
will not be considered as eligible matching funds.
     You must be able to document and verify the number of
hours worked and the value associated with any in-kind contribution
being used to meet a matching funds requirement.
     In-kind contributions provided by individuals, businesses,
or cooperatives which are being assisted by you cannot be provided for
the direct benefit of their own projects as USDA Rural Development
considers this to be a conflict of interest or the appearance of a
conflict of interest.

3. Other Eligibility Requirements

a. Purpose Eligibility
    Your application must propose the establishment or continuation of
a cooperative development center concept. You must use project funds,
including grant and matching funds for eligible purposes only (see 7
CFR 4284.508). In addition, project funds may be used for programs
providing for the coordination of services and sharing of information
among the centers (see 7 U.S.C. 1932(e)(4)(C) (vi)).

[[Page 34132]]

b. Project Eligibility
    All project activities must be for the benefit of a rural area.
c. Multiple Application Eligibility
    Only one application can be submitted per applicant. If two
applications are submitted (regardless of the applicant name) that
include the same Executive Director and/or advisory boards or
committees of an existing center, both applications will be determined
not eligible for funding.
d. Grant Period
    Your application must include a one-year grant period or it will
not be considered for funding. The grant period should begin no earlier
than October 1, 2015, and no later than January 1, 2016. Prior approval
is needed from the Agency if you are awarded a grant and desire the
grant period to begin earlier or later than previously discussed.
Projects must be completed within a one-year timeframe. The Agency may
approve requests to extend the grant period for up to an additional 12
months at its discretion. Further guidance on grant period extensions
will be provided in the award document.
e. Completeness
    Your application will not be considered for funding if it fails to
meet an eligibility criterion by time of application deadline and does
not provide sufficient information to determine eligibility and
scoring. In particular, you must include all of the forms and proposal
elements as discussed in the regulation and as clarified further in
this Notice. Incomplete applications will not be reviewed by the
Agency. For more information on what is required for an application,
see 7 CFR 4284.510.
f. Satisfactory Performance
    If you have an existing RCDG award, you must discuss the status of
your existing RCDG award at application time under the Eligibility
Discussion. You must be performing satisfactorily to be considered
eligible for a new award. Satisfactory performance includes being up-
to-date on all financial and performance reports and being current on
all tasks as approved in the work plan. The Agency will use its
discretion to make this determination. In addition, if you have an
existing award from the Socially-Disadvantaged Groups Grant (SDGG)
program, formerly known as the Small Socially-Disadvantaged Producer
Grants (SSDPG) program, you must discuss the status of your existing
SSDPG award at application time under Eligibility Discussion and be
performing satisfactorily to be considered for a new RCDG award.
g. Indirect Costs
    Your negotiated indirect cost rate approval does not need to be
included in your application, but you will be required to provide it if
a grant is awarded. Approval for indirect costs that are requested in
an application without an approved indirect cost rate agreement is at
the discretion of the Agency.

D. Application and Submission Information

1. Address To Request Application Package

For further information, you should contact your State Office at
http://www.rurdev.usda.gov/StateOfficeAddresses.html. Program materials
may also be obtained at http://www.rurdev.usda.gov/bcp_rcdg.html. You
may also obtain a copy by calling 202-690-1374.

2. Content and Form of Application Submission

You may submit your application in paper form or electronically
through Grants.gov. If you submit in paper form, any forms requiring
signatures must include an original signature.
a. Electronic Submission
    To submit an application electronically, you must use the
Grants.gov Web site at http://www.Grants.gov. You may not submit an
application electronically in any way other than through Grants.gov.
    You can locate the Grants.gov downloadable application package for
this program by using a keyword, the program name, or the Catalog of
Federal Domestic Assistance Number for this program.
    When you enter the Grants.gov Web site, you will find information
about submitting an application electronically through the site, as
well as the hours of operation.
    To use Grants.gov, you must already have a DUNS number and you must
also be registered and maintain registration in SAM. We strongly
recommend that you do not wait until the application deadline date to
begin the application process through Grants.gov.
    You must submit all of your application documents electronically
through Grants.gov. Applications must include electronic signatures.
Original signatures may be required if funds are awarded.
    After electronically submitting an application through Grants.gov,
you will receive an automatic acknowledgement from Grants.gov that
contains a Grants.gov tracking number.
b. Paper Submission
    If you want to submit a paper application, send it to the State
Office located in the State where your project will primarily take
place. You can find State Office Contact information at:
http://www.rurdev.usda.gov/StateOfficeAddresses.html. An optional-use Agency
application template is available online at http://www.rurdev.usda.gov/
BCP_RCDG.html.
c. Supplemental Information
    Your application must contain all of the required forms and
proposal elements described in 7 CFR 4284.510 and as otherwise
clarified in this Notice. Specifically, your application must include:
(1) The required forms as described in 7 CFR 4284.510(b) and (2) the
required proposal elements as described in 7 CFR 4284.510(c). If your
application is incomplete, it is ineligible to compete for funds.
Applications lacking sufficient information to determine eligibility
and scoring will be considered ineligible. Information submitted after
the application deadline will not be accepted. You are encouraged, but
not required to utilize the application template found at http://
www.rurdev.usda.gov/BCP_RCDG.html.
d. Clarifications on Forms
     Standard Form (SF) 424--Your DUNS number should be
identified in the ``Organizational DUNS'' field on SF 424,
``Application for Federal Assistance.'' Since there are no specific
fields for a Commercial and Government Entity (CAGE) code and
expiration date, you may identify them anywhere you want to on Form SF
424. In addition, you should provide the DUNS number and the CAGE code
and expiration date under the applicant eligibility discussion in your
proposal narrative. If you do not include the CAGE code and expiration
date and the DUNS number in your application, it will not be considered
for funding.
     Form AD-3030, ``Representations Regarding Felony
Conviction and Tax Delinquent Status for Corporate Applicants,'' if you
are a corporation. A corporation is any entity that has filed articles
of incorporation in one of the 50 States, the District of Columbia, the
Federated States of Micronesia, the Republic of Palau, and the Republic
of the Marshall Islands, or the various territories of the United
States including American Samoa, Guam, Midway Islands, the Commonwealth
of the

[[Page 34133]]

Northern Mariana Islands, Puerto Rico, or the U.S. Virgin Islands.
Corporations include both for profit and non-profit entities.
     You can voluntarily fill out and submit the ``Survey on
Ensuring Equal Opportunity for Applicants,'' as part of your
application if you are a nonprofit organization.
e. Clarifications on Proposal Elements
    1. You must include the title of the project as well as any other
relevant identifying information on the Title Page.
    2. You must include a Table of Contents with page numbers for each
component of the application to facilitate review.
    3. Your Executive Summary must include the items in 7 CFR
4284.510(c)(3), and also discuss the percentage of work that will be
performed among organizational staff, consultants, or other
contractors. It should not exceed two pages.
    4. Your Eligibility Discussion must not exceed two pages and cover
how you meet the eligibility requirements for applicant, matching
funds, other eligibility requirements and grant period. If you have an
existing RCDG or the Socially-Disadvantaged Groups Grant (SDGG)
program, formerly known as the Small Socially-Disadvantaged Producer
Grants (SSDPG) program award or both, you must discuss the current
status of those award(s) under grant period eligibility.
    5. Your Proposal Narrative must not exceed 40 pages and should
describe the essential aspects of the project.
    i. You are only required to have one title page for the proposal.
    ii. If you list the evaluation criteria on the Table of Contents
and specifically and individually address each criterion in narrative
form, then it is not necessary for you to include an Information Sheet.
Otherwise, the Information Sheet is required under 7 CFR
4284.510(c)(ii).
    iii. You should include the following under Goals of the Project:
    A. A statement that substantiates that the Center will effectively
serve rural areas in the United States;
    B. A statement that the primary objective of the Center will be to
improve the economic condition of rural areas through cooperative
development;
    C. A description of the contributions that the proposed activities
are likely to make to the improvement of the economic conditions of the
rural areas for which the Center will provide services. Expected
economic impacts should be tied to tasks included in the work plan and
budget; and
    D. A statement that the Center, in carrying out its activities,
will seek, where appropriate, the advice, participation, expertise, and
assistance of representatives of business, industry, educational
institutions, the Federal government, and State and local governments.
    iv. The Agency has established annual performance evaluation
measures to evaluate the RCDG program. You must provide estimates on
the following performance evaluation measures.
     Number of groups who are not legal entities assisted.
     Number of businesses that are not cooperatives assisted.
     Number of cooperatives assisted.
     Number of businesses incorporated that are not
cooperatives.
     Number of cooperatives incorporated.
     Total number of jobs created as a result of assistance.
     Total number of jobs saved as a result of assistance.
     Number of jobs created for the Center as a result of RCDG
funding.
     Number of jobs saved for the Center as a result of RCDG
funding.
    It is permissible to have a zero in a performance element. When you
calculate jobs created, estimates should be based upon actual jobs to
be created by your organization as a result of the RCDG funding or
actual jobs to be created by cooperative businesses or other businesses
as a result of assistance from your organization. When you calculate
jobs saved, estimates should be based only on actual jobs that have
been lost if your organization did not receive RCDG funding or actual
jobs that would have been lost without assistance from your
organization.
    v. You can also suggest additional performance elements for example
where job creation or jobs saved may not be a relevant indicator (e.g.
housing). These additional criteria should be specific, measurable
performance elements that could be included in an award document.
    vi. You must describe in the application how you will undertake to
do each of the following. We would prefer if you described these
undertakings within proposal evaluation criteria to reduce duplication
in your application. The specific proposal evaluation criterion where
you should address each undertaking is noted below.
    A. Take all practicable steps to develop continuing sources of
financial support for the Center, particularly from sources in the
private sector (should be presented under proposal evaluation criterion
j., utilizing the specific requirements of Section E.1.j.);
    B. Make arrangements for the Center's activities to be monitored
and evaluated (should be addressed under proposal evaluation criterion
number h. utilizing the specific requirements of Section E.1.h.); and
    C. Provide an accounting for the money received by the grantee in
accordance with 7 CFR part 4284, subpart F. This should be addressed
under proposal evaluation criterion number a., utilizing the specific
requirements of Section E.1.a.
    vii. You should present the Work Plan and Budget proposal element
under proposal evaluation criterion number h., utilizing the specific
requirements of Section E.1.h. of this Notice to reduce duplication in
your application.
    viii. You should present the Delivery of Cooperative development
assistance proposal element under proposal evaluation criterion number
b., utilizing the specific requirements of Section E.1.b. of this
Notice.
    ix. You should present the Qualifications of Personnel proposal
element under proposal evaluation criterion number i., utilizing the
specific requirements of Section E.1.i. of this Notice.
    x. You should present the Local Support and Future Support proposal
elements under proposal evaluation criterion number j., utilizing the
requirements of Section E.1.j. of this Notice.
    xi. Your application will not be considered for funding if you do
not address all of the proposal evaluation criteria. See Section E.1.
of this Notice for a description of the proposal evaluation criteria.
    xii. Only appendices A-C will be considered when evaluating your
application. You must not include resumes of staff or consultants in
the application.
    6. You must certify that there are no current outstanding Federal
judgments against your property and that you will not use grant funds
to pay for any judgment obtained by the United States. To satisfy the
Certification requirement, you should include this statement in your
application: ``[INSERT NAME OF APPLICANT] certifies that the United
States has not obtained an unsatisfied judgment against its property
and will not use grant funds to pay any judgments obtained by the
United States.'' A separate signature is not required.
    7. You must certify that matching funds will be available at the
same time grant funds are anticipated to be spent and that expenditures
of matching funds

[[Page 34134]]

are pro-rated or spent in advance of grant funding, such that for every
dollar of the total project cost, not less than the required amount of
matching funds will be expended. Please note that this Certification is
a separate requirement from the Verification of Matching Funds
requirement. To satisfy the Certification requirement, you should
include this statement in your application: ``[INSERT NAME OF
APPLICANT] certifies that matching funds will be available at the same
time grant funds are anticipated to be spent and that expenditures of
matching funds shall be pro-rated or spent in advance of grant funding,
such that for every dollar of the total project cost, at least 25 cents
(5 cents for 1994 Institutions) of matching funds will be expended.'' A
separate signature is not required.
    8. You must provide documentation in your application to verify all
of your proposed matching funds. The documentation must be included in
Appendix A of your application and will not count towards the 40-page
limitation. Template letters are available for each type of matching
funds contribution at http://www.rurdev.usda.gov/bcp_rcdg.html.
    a. If matching funds are to be provided in cash, you must meet the
following requirements.
     You: The application must include a statement verifying
(1) the amount of the cash and (2) the source of the cash. You may also
provide a bank statement dated 30 days or less from the application
deadline date to verify your cash match.
     Third-party: The application must include a signed letter
from the third party verifying (1) how much cash will be donated and
(2) that it will be available corresponding to the proposed grant
period or donated on a specific date within the grant period.
    b. If matching funds are to be provided by an in-kind donation, you
must meet the following requirements.
     You: The application must include a signed letter from you
or your authorized representative verifying (1) the nature of the goods
and/or services to be donated and how they will be used, (2) when the
goods and/or services will be donated (i.e., corresponding to the
proposed grant period or to specific dates within the grant period),
and (3) the value of the goods and/or services. Please note that most
applicant contributions for the RCDG program are considered applicant
cash match in accordance with this Notice. If you are unsure, please
contact your State Office because identifying your matching funds
improperly can affect your scoring.
     Third-Party: The application must include a signed letter
from the third party verifying (1) the nature of the goods and/or
services to be donated and how they will be used, (2) when the goods
and/or services will be donated (i.e., corresponding to the proposed
grant period or to specific dates within the grant period), and (3) the
value of the goods and/or services.
    To ensure that you are identifying and verifying your matching
funds appropriately, please note the following:
     If you are paying for goods and/or services as part of the
matching funds requirement, the expenditure is considered a cash match,
and you must verify it as such. Universities must verify the goods and
services they are providing to the project as a cash match and the
verification must be approved by the appropriate approval official
(i.e., sponsored programs office or equivalent).
     If you have already received cash from a third-party
(i.e., Foundation) before the start of your proposed grant period, you
must verify this as your own cash match and not as a third-party cash
match. If you are receiving cash from a third-party during the grant
period, then you must be verifying the cash as a third-party cash
match.
     Board resolutions for a cash match must be approved at the
time of application.
     You can only consider goods or services for which no
expenditure is made as an in-kind contribution.
     If a non-profit or another organization contributes the
services of affiliated volunteers, they must follow the third-party,
in-kind donation verification requirement for each individual
volunteer.
     Expected program income may not be used to fulfill your
matching funds requirement at the time you submit your application.
However, if you have a contract to provide services in place at the
time you submit your application, you can verify the amount of the
contract as a cash match.
     The valuation process you use for in-kind contributions
does not need to be included in your application, but you must be able
to demonstrate how the valuation was derived if you are awarded a
grant. The grant award may be withdrawn or the amount of the grant
reduced if you cannot demonstrate how the valuation was derived.
    Successful applicants must comply with requirements identified in
Section F, Federal Award Administration.

3. Dun and Bradstreet Data Universal Numbering System (DUNS) and System
for Awards Management (SAM)

In order to be eligible (unless you are excepted under 2 CFR
25.110(b), (c) or (d), you are required to:
    (a) Provide a valid DUNS number in your application, which can be
obtained at no cost via a toll-free request line at (866) 705-5711;
    (b) Register in SAM before submitting your application. You may
register in SAM at no cost at https://www.sam.gov/portal/public/SAM/;
and
    (c) Continue to maintain an active SAM registration with current
information at all times during which you have an active Federal award
or an application or plan under consideration by a Federal awarding
agency.
    The Agency may not make a Federal award to you until you have
complied with all applicable DUNS and SAM requirements. If you have not
fully complied with requirements, the Agency may determine that the
applicant is not qualified to receive a Federal award and the Agency
may use this determination as a basis for making an award to another
applicant.

4. Submission Dates and Times

Application Deadline Date: July 30, 2015.
    Explanation of Deadlines: Complete applications must be submitted
on paper or electronically according to the following deadlines:
    Paper applications must be postmarked and mailed, shipped, or sent
overnight no later than July 30, 2015, to be eligible for grant
funding. The Agency will determine whether your application is late
based on the date shown on the postmark or shipping invoice. You may
also hand carry your application to one of our field offices, but it
must be received by close of business on the deadline date. If the due
date falls on a Saturday, Sunday, or Federal holiday, the reporting
package is due the next business day. Late applications will
automatically be deemed ineligible.
    Electronic applications must be received by http://www.grants.gov
no later than midnight eastern time July 27, 2015, to be eligible for
grant funding. Please review the Grants.gov Web site at http://grants.
gov/applicants/organization_registration.jsp for instructions on
the process of registering your organization as soon as possible to
ensure you are able to meet the electronic application deadline.
Grants.gov will not accept applications submitted after the deadline.

[[Page 34135]]

5. Intergovernmental Review of Applications

Executive Order (E.O.) 12372, ``Intergovernmental Review of Federal
Programs,'' applies to this program. This E.O. requires that Federal
agencies provide opportunities for consultation on proposed assistance
with State and local governments. Many States have established a Single
Point of Contact (SPOC) to facilitate this consultation. For a list of
States that maintain a SPOC, please see the White House Web site:
http://www.whitehouse.gov/omb/grants_spoc. If your State has a SPOC,
you may submit a copy of the application directly for review. Any
comments obtained through the SPOC must be provided to your State
Office for consideration as part of your application. If your State has
not established a SPOC, or if you do not want to submit a copy of the
application, our State Offices will submit your application to the SPOC
or other appropriate agency or agencies.

6. Funding Restrictions

a. Project funds, including grant and matching funds, cannot be
used for ineligible grant purposes (see 7 CFR 4284.10). Also, you shall
not use project funds for the following:
     To purchase, rent, or install laboratory equipment or
processing machinery;
     To pay for the operating costs of any entity receiving
assistance from the Center;
     To pay costs of the project where a conflict of interest
exists;
     To fund any activities prohibited by 2 CFR part 200; or
     To fund any activities considered unallowable by 2 CFR
part 200, subpart E, ``Cost Principles,'' and the Federal Acquisition
Regulation (for-profits) or successor regulations.
    b. In addition, your application will not be considered for funding
if it does any of the following:
     Focuses assistance on only one cooperative or mutually-
owned business;
     Requests more than the maximum grant amount; or
     Proposes ineligible costs that equal more than 10 percent
of total project costs. The ineligible costs will NOT be removed at
this stage to proceed with application processing. For purposes of this
determination, the grant amount requested plus the matching funds
amount constitutes the total project costs.
    We will consider your application for funding if it includes
ineligible costs of 10 percent or less of total project costs, as long
as the remaining costs are determined eligible otherwise. However, if
your application is successful, those ineligible costs must be removed
and replaced with eligible costs before the Agency will make the grant
award, or the amount of the grant award will be reduced accordingly. If
we cannot determine the percentage of ineligible costs, your
application will not be considered for funding.

7. Other Submission Requirements

a. You should not submit your application in more than one format.
You must choose whether to submit your application in hard copy or
electronically. Applications submitted in hard copy should be mailed or
hand-delivered to the State Office located in the State where you are
headquartered. You can find State Office contact information at:
http://www.rd.usda.gov/contact-us/state-offices.your State Office. To submit
an application electronically, you must follow the instruction for this
funding announcement at http://www.grants.gov. A password is not
required to access the Web site.
    b. National Environmental Policy Act
    All recipients under this Notice are subject to the requirements of
7 CFR part 1940, subpart G and any successor regulations. However,
technical assistance awards under this Notice are classified as a
Categorical Exclusion according to 7 CFR 1940.310(e), and do not
require any additional documentation.
    c. Civil Rights Compliance Requirements
    All grants made under this Notice are subject to Title VI of the
Civil Rights Act of 1964 as required by the USDA (7 CFR part 15,
subpart A) and Section 504 of the Rehabilitation Act of 1973.

E. Application Review Information

The State Offices will review applications to determine if they are
eligible for assistance based on requirements in 7 CFR part 4284,
subparts A and F, this Notice, and other applicable Federal
regulations. If determined eligible, your application will be scored by
a panel of USDA employees in accordance with the point allocation
specified in this Notice. A recommendation will be submitted to the
Administrator to fund applications in highest ranking order.
Applications that cannot be fully funded may be offered partial funding
at the Agency's discretion.

1. Scoring Criteria

Scoring criteria will follow criteria published at 7 CFR 4284.513
as supplemented below including any amendments made by the Section 6013
of the Food, Conservation, and Energy Act of 2008 (Pub. L. 110-234),
which is incorporated by reference in this Notice. The regulatory and
statutory criteria are clarified and supplemented below. You should
also include information as described in Section D.2.e.5.vi. if you
choose to address these items under the scoring criteria. Evaluators
will base scores only on the information provided or cross-referenced
by page number in each individual evaluation criterion. The maximum
amount of points available is 100. Newly established or proposed
Centers that do not yet have a track record on which to evaluate the
following criteria should refer to the expertise and track records of
staff or consultants expected to perform tasks related to the
respective criteria. Proposed or newly established Centers must be
organized well-enough at time of application to address its
capabilities for meeting these criteria.
    a. Administrative capabilities (maximum score of 10 points). A
panel of USDA employees will evaluate your demonstrated track record in
carrying out activities in support of development assistance to
cooperatively and mutually owned businesses. At a minimum, you must
discuss the following administrative capabilities:
    1. Financial systems and audit controls;
    2. Personnel and program administration performance measures;
    3. Clear written rules of governance; and
    4. Experience administering Federal grant funding no later than the
last 5 years, including but not limited to past RCDGs. Please list the
name of the Federal grant program(s) and the amount(s) of funding
received.
    You will score higher on this criterion if you can demonstrate that
the Center has independent governance. For applicants that are
universities or parent organizations, you should demonstrate that there
is a separate board of directors for the Center.
    b. Technical assistance and other services (maximum score of 10
points). A panel of USDA employees will evaluate your demonstrated
expertise no later than the last 5 years in providing technical
assistance and accomplishing effective outcomes in rural areas to
promote and assist the development of cooperatively and mutually owned
businesses. You must discuss at least:
    1. Your potential for delivering effective technical assistance;
    2. The types of assistance provided;
    3. The expected effects of that assistance;

[[Page 34136]]

4. The sustainability of organizations receiving the assistance;
and
    5. The transferability of your cooperative development strategies
and focus to other areas of the U.S.
    A chart or table showing the outcomes of your demonstrated
expertise based upon the performance elements listed in Section D.5.iv.
or as identified in your award document on previous RCDG awards. At a
minimum, please provide information for FY 2011-FY 2013 awards. We
prefer that you provide one chart or table separating out award years.
The intention here is for you to provide actual performance numbers
based upon award years even though your grant period for the award was
for the next calendar or fiscal year. Please provide a narrative
explanation if you have not received a RCDG award.
    You will score higher on this criterion if you provide more than 3
years of outcomes and can demonstrate that the organizations you
assisted within the last 5 years are sustainable. Additional outcome
information should be provided on RCDG grants awarded before FY 2011.
Please describe specific project(s) when addressing a-e of this
paragraph.
    c. Economic development (maximum score of 10 points). A panel of
USDA employees will evaluate your demonstrated ability to facilitate:
    1. Establishment of cooperatives or mutually owned businesses;
    2. New cooperative approaches (i.e., organizing cooperatives among
underserved individuals or communities; an innovative market approach;
a type of cooperative currently not in your service area; a new
cooperative structure; novel ways to raise member equity or community
capitalization; conversion of an existing business to cooperative
ownership); and
    3. Retention of businesses, generation of employment opportunities
or other factors, as applicable, that will otherwise improve the
economic conditions of rural areas.
    You will score higher on this criterion if you provide economic
statistics showing the impacts of your past development projects no
later than 5 years old and identify your role in the economic
development outcomes.
    d. Past performance in establishing legal business entities
(maximum score of 10 points). A panel of USDA employees will evaluate
your demonstrated past performance in establishing legal cooperative
business entities and other legal business entities during FY 2012-FY
2014. Provide the name of the organization(s) established, the date of
formation and your role in assisting with the incorporation(s) under
this criterion. In addition, documentation verifying the establishment
of legal business entities must be included in Appendix C of your
application and will not count against the 40-page limit for the
narrative. The documentation must include proof that organizational
documents were filed with the Secretary of State's Office (i.e.
Certificate of Incorporation or information from the State's official
Web site naming the entity established and the date of establishment);
or if the business entity is not required to register with the
Secretary of State, a certification from the business entity that a
legal business entity has been established and when. Please note that
you are not required to submit articles of incorporation to receive
points under this criterion. You will score higher on this criterion if
you have established legal cooperative businesses.
    e. Networking and regional focus (maximum score of 10 points). A
panel of USDA employees will evaluate your demonstrated commitment to:
    1. Networking with other cooperative development centers, and other
organizations involved in rural economic development efforts, and
    2. Developing multi-organization and multi-state approaches to
addressing the economic development and cooperative needs of rural
areas.
    You will score higher on this criterion if you can demonstrate the
outcomes of your multi-organizational and multi-state approaches.
Please describe the project(s), partners and the outcome(s) that
resulted from the approach.
    f. Commitment (maximum score of 10 points). A panel of USDA
employees will evaluate your commitment to providing technical
assistance and other services to under-served and economically
distressed areas in rural areas of the United States. You will score
higher on this criterion if you define and describe the underserved and
economically distressed areas within your service area, provide
statistics, and identify projects within or affecting these areas, as
appropriate.
    g. Matching Funds (maximum score of 10 points). A panel of USDA
employees will evaluate your commitment for the 25 percent (5 percent
for 1994 Institutions) matching funds requirement. A chart or table
should be provided to describe all matching funds being committed to
the project. However, formal documentation to verify all of the
matching funds must be included in Appendix A of your application. You
will be scored on how you identify your matching funds.
    1. If you met the 25 percent (5 percent for 1994 Institutions)
matching requirement, points will be assigned as follows:
     In-kind only--1 point,
     Mix of in-kind and cash--3-4 points (maximum points will
be awarded if the ratio of cash to in-kind is 30 percent and above of
matching funds), or
     Cash only--5 points.
    2. If you exceeded the 25 percent (5 percent for 1994 Institutions)
matching requirement, points will be assigned as follows:
     In-kind only--2 points,
     Mix of in-kind and cash--6-7 points (maximum points will
be awarded if the ratio of cash to in-kind is 30 percent and above of
matching funds), or
     Cash only--10 points.
    h. Work Plan/Budget (maximum score of 10 points). A panel of USDA
employees will evaluate your work plan for detailed actions and an
accompanying timetable for implementing the proposal. The budget must
present a breakdown of the estimated costs associated with cooperative
and business development activities as well as the operation of the
Center and allocate these costs to each of the tasks to be undertaken.
Matching funds as well as grant funds must be accounted for in the
budget.
    You must discuss at a minimum:
    1. Specific tasks (whether it be by type of service or specific
project) to be completed using grant and matching funds;
    2. How customers will be identified;
    3. Key personnel; and
    4. The evaluation methods to be used to determine the success of
specific tasks and overall objectives of Center operations. Please
provide qualitative methods of evaluation. For example, evaluation
methods should go beyond quantitative measurements of completing
surveys or number of evaluations.
    You will score higher on this criterion if you present a clear,
logical, realistic, and efficient work plan and budget.
    i. Qualifications of those Performing the Tasks (maximum score of
10 points). A panel of USDA employees will evaluate your application to
determine if the personnel expected to perform key tasks have a track
record of:
    1. Positive solutions for complex cooperative development and/or
marketing problems; or
    2. A successful record of conducting accurate feasibility studies,
business plans, marketing analysis, or other activities relevant to
your success as determined by the tasks identified in the your work
plan; and
    3. Whether the personnel expected to perform the tasks are full/
part-time

[[Page 34137]]

employees of your organization or are contract personnel.
    You will score higher on this criterion if you demonstrate
commitment and availability of qualified personnel expected to perform
the tasks.
    j. Local and Future Support (maximum score of 10 points). A panel
of USDA employees will evaluate your application for local and future
support. Support should be discussed directly within the response to
this criterion.
    1. Discussion on local support should include previous and/or
expected local support and plans for coordinating with other
developmental organizations in the proposed service area or with state
and local government institutions. You will score higher if you
demonstrate strong support from potential beneficiaries and formal
evidence of intent to coordinate with other developmental
organizations. You may also submit a maximum of 10 letters of support
or intent to coordinate with the application to verify your discussion.
These letters should be included in Appendix B of your application and
will not count against the 40-page limit for the narrative.
    2. Discussion on future support will include your vision for
funding operations in future years. You should document:
    (i) New and existing funding sources that support your goals;
    (ii) Alternative funding sources that reduce reliance on Federal,
State, and local grants; and
    (iii) The use of in-house personnel for providing services versus
contracting out for that expertise. Please discuss your strategy for
building in-house technical assistance capacity.
    You will score higher if you can demonstrate that your future
support will result in long-term sustainability of the Center.

2. Review and Selection Process

The State Offices will review applications to determine if they are
eligible for assistance based on requirements in 7 CFR part 4284,
subparts A and F, this Notice, and other applicable Federal
regulations. If determined eligible, your application will be scored by
a panel of USDA employees in accordance with the point allocation
specified in this Notice. A recommendation will be submitted to the
Administrator to fund applications in highest ranking order.
Applications that cannot be fully funded may be offered partial funding
at the Agency's discretion. If your application is evaluated, but not
funded, it will not be carried forward into the next competition.

F. Federal Award Administration Information

1. Federal Award Notices

If you are selected for funding, you will receive a signed notice
of Federal award by postal mail from the State Office where your
application was submitted, containing instructions on requirements
necessary to proceed with execution and performance of the award.
    If you are not selected for funding, you will be notified in
writing via postal mail and informed of any review and appeal rights.
You must comply with all applicable statutes, regulations, and notice
requirements before the grant award will be approved. There will be no
available funds for successful appellants once all FY 15 funds are
awarded and obligated. See 7 CFR part 11 for USDA National Appeals
Division procedures.

2. Administrative and National Policy Requirements

Additional requirements that apply to grantees selected for this
program can be found in 7 CFR part 4284, subpart F; the Grants and
Agreements regulations of the Department of Agriculture codified in 2
CFR parts 180, 400, 415, 417, 418, 421; 2 CFR parts 25 and 170; and 48
CFR 31.2, and successor regulations to these parts.
    In addition, all recipients of Federal financial assistance are
required to report information about first-tier subawards and executive
compensation (see 2 CFR part 170). You will be required to have the
necessary processes and systems in place to comply with the Federal
Funding Accountability and Transparency Act of 2006 (Pub. L. 109-282)
reporting requirements (see 2 CFR 170.200(b), unless you are exempt
under 2 CFR 170.110(b)).
    The following additional requirements apply to grantees selected
for this program:
     Agency-approved Grant Agreement.
     Letter of Conditions.
     Form RD 1940-1, ``Request for Obligation of Funds.''
     Form RD 1942-46, ``Letter of Intent to Meet Conditions.''
     Form AD-1047, ``Certification Regarding Debarment,
Suspension, and Other Responsibility Matters-Primary Covered
Transactions.''
     Form AD-1048, ``Certification Regarding Debarment,
Suspension, Ineligibility and Voluntary Exclusion-Lower Tier Covered
Transactions.''
     Form AD-1049, ``Certification Regarding Drug-Free
Workplace Requirements (Grants).''
     Form RD 400-4, ``Assurance Agreement.''
     SF LLL, ``Disclosure of Lobbying Activities,'' if
applicable.
     Form AD-3031, ``Assurance Regarding Felony Conviction or
Tax Delinquent Status for Corporate Applicants.'' Must be signed by
corporate applicants who receive an award under this Notice.

3. Reporting

After grant approval and through grant completion, you will be
required to provide the following:
    a. A SF-425, ``Federal Financial Report,'' and a project
performance report will be required on a semiannual basis (due 30
working days after end of the semiannual period). The project
performance reports shall include the following: A comparison of actual
accomplishments to the objectives established for that period;
    b. Reasons why established objectives were not met, if applicable;
    c. Reasons for any problems, delays, or adverse conditions, if any,
which have affected or will affect attainment of overall project
objectives, prevent meeting time schedules or objectives, or preclude
the attainment of particular objectives during established time
periods. This disclosure shall be accompanied by a statement of the
action taken or planned to resolve the situation; and
    d. Objectives and timetable established for the next reporting
period.
    e. Provide a final project and financial status report within 90
days after the expiration or termination of the grant.
    f. Provide outcome project performance reports and final
deliverables.

G. Agency Contacts

If you have questions about this Notice, please contact the
appropriate State Office at
http://www.rurdev.usda.gov/StateOfficeAddresses.html. Program guidance as well
as application and
matching funds templates may be obtained at
http://www.rurdev.usda.gov/bcp_rcdg.html. If you want to submit an electronic
application, follow
the instructions for the RCDG funding announcement located at http://www.grants.
gov. You may also contact National Office staff: Susan
Horst, RCDG Program Lead, susan.horst@wdc.usda.gov, or call the main
line at 202-690-1374.

H. Nondiscrimination Statement

The U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA) prohibits discrimination
against its customers, employees, and applicants for employment on the
bases

[[Page 34138]]

of race, color, national origin, age, disability, sex, gender identity,
religion, reprisal, and where applicable, political beliefs, marital
status, familial or parental status, sexual orientation, or all or part
of an individual's income is derived from any public assistance
program, or protected genetic information in employment or in any
program or activity conducted or funded by the Department. (Not all
prohibited bases will apply to all programs and/or employment
activities.)
    If you wish to file an employment complaint, you must contact your
agency's EEO Counselor within 45 days of the date of the alleged
discriminatory act, event, or in the case of a personnel action.
Additional information can be found online at
http://www.ascr.usda.gov/complaint_filing_file.html.
    If you wish to file a Civil Rights program complaint of
discrimination, complete the USDA Program Discrimination Complaint Form
(PDF), found online at http://www.ascr.usda.gov/complaint_filing_cust.html, or
at any USDA office, or call (866) 632-
9992 to request the form. You may also write a letter containing all of
the information requested in the form. Send your completed complaint
form or letter to us by mail at U.S. Department of Agriculture,
Director, Office of Adjudication, 1400 Independence Avenue SW.,
Washington, DC 20250-9410, by fax (202) 690-7442 or email at
program.intake@usda.gov
    Individuals who are deaf, hard of hearing or have speech
disabilities and you wish to file either an EEO or program complaint
please contact USDA through the Federal Relay Service at (800) 877-8339
or (800) 845-6136 (in Spanish).
    Persons with disabilities, who wish to file a program complaint,
please see information above on how to contact us by mail directly or
by email. If you require alternative means of communication for program
information (e.g., Braille, large print, audiotape, etc.) please
contact USDA's TARGET Center at (202) 720-2600 (voice and TDD).

Dated: June 9, 2015.
Chad Parker,
Acting Administrator, Rural Business Cooperative Service.
[FR Doc. 2015-14676 Filed 6-12-15; 8:45 am]
 BILLING CODE 3410-XY-P

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: June 16, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              349 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                              May 5, 2015 Tuesday

Washington: $1 Billion Invested in Rural Health Care Across 13 States

LENGTH: 555  words

DATELINE: Washington


US Department of Health and Human Services has issued the following News
release:

In late 2011, the President announced a White House Rural Council initiative
lead by the US Department of Health and Human Services (HHS) and US Department
of Agriculture (USDA) to invest in rural health and link rural doctors and
hospitals to financing for health IT. The initiative was designed to address the
need for financing to support the adoption of health IT systems in rural
communities. Financing has been cited as one of the top challenges for rural
doctors and hospitals serving remote and poor communities.

Between 2012 and 2014, the HHS and USDA led initiative generated approximately
$1 Billion in rural health care financing across 13 states. These investments,
funded by USDA, included grants and loans to help rural clinics and hospitals
transition from paper to electronic health records (EHRs), encourage exchange of
health information with health care providers and patients, and offer telehealth
services.

Since it launched in 2012, the initiative has expanded access to financing for
rural health care needs through cross-government collaboration and partnerships
with non-Government organizations--including bringing together diverse teams to
achieve common goals and using existing programs in innovative ways.

Collaborative Rural Health Financing Initiative

Beginning in 2012, HHS and USDA launched a series of activities to link rural
communities to funding from USDA Rural Development financing assistance
programs, including the Community Facilities grant and loan programs, the Rural
Economic Development Loan and Grant (REDLG) program and the Distance Learning
and Telemedicine (DLT) grant program. See our joint blog posting about how Rural
Development invested $8.6 Million in DLT grants for rural health care related
projects in 2014.

Other key partners joined the effort to offer financing assistance. For example,
the Delta Regional Authority (DRA) made available a new Rural Health IT Loan
Fund to help health care providers across eight states. Through this initiative,
DRA offered interest free loans to small practices, particularly physicians and
dentists in underserved areas to assist with adoption and meaningful use of
EHRs. In addition, the Appalachian Regional Commission (ARC) funded rural health
IT projects.

Local, non-Federal partners (i.e., rural electric cooperatives, rural telephone
cooperatives, and municipal utilities) also engaged in support of rural health
care and health IT. These organizations passed along Federal funds, REDLG
program funds that only they may access directly, to clinics and hospitals in
the form of a zero percent loan over ten years.

Importantly, we began convening state-specific, in-person workshops to bring
Government and non-Government partners to the table with health care providers
to find creative solutions for challenges that rural and poor communities face
accessing financing for rural health care and rural health IT. By the end of
2014, we convened workshops to reach doctors, clinics and hospitals in each of
13 states: Iowa, Kansas, Illinois, Texas, Mississippi, Georgia, Michigan,
Minnesota, Tennessee, Missouri, Montana, Wyoming and Kentucky.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: May 6, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              350 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                             The New Times (Kigali)

                               September 18, 2012

Rural Project to Boost Agricultural Output

BYLINE: Dias Nyesiga

LENGTH: 405 words


A World Bank funded project, Rural Sector Support project, has received a grant
of over US$80m for its third phase aimed at increasing rural investment,
infrastructure for marshland, hillside and commodity chain development.

Jolly Dusabe, Coordinator for RSSP, says that the project will invest in
construction of agribusiness centres to boost market value chain for produces
and sustainable land management on hillsides.

"This third phase will build on the success of the first and second phase but
also look at increasing Increase agricultural production in those marshlands we
are targeting and strengthen participation of farmers in market based value
chains," she said

Dusabe further adds that the project will focus at strengthening the capacity of
farmers to be to shift to market oriented farming at levels of producer,
cooperatives and business centres, something that is likely to bolster market
value chain for most produces.

The project will also focus on building capacity of farmers' organisations and
cooperatives through group formation with improved production technologies.

"We will also look at improving production in the marshlands and hillsides
adjacent to marshlands," she said

Omowunmi Mimi Ladipo, the World Bank Country Representative for Rwanda said that
the project has helped in value addition to farm produce.

"This financing will go towards achieving a consolidation of achievement under
the Rural Sector Support Project 1 and 2 and the third phase will act in many
ways the bridge to what comes up next for Rwanda in moving up the value
chain....," she added

The RSSP five year first phase which started in 2001 was US$48m while the second
phase, which run through 2008 to 2012 was US$35m. This accelerated
commercialisation of agriculture production.

Speaking at the launch of the project's third phase on Monday, the Minister of
Agriculture, Agnes Kalibata, said that the project has contributed towards
enhancing economic lives of the rural poor.

"By the end of the third phase we should be generating about Rwf60 billion every
year from project related activities," she said

The Minister also noted that the project has helped in increasing rice
production, bolstering the country's food security.

The country rice production capacity stands at 47,000 metric tonnes every year
up from less than 5,000 before 2001. The output is 8,000 metric tonnes short of
the country's annual consumption of 55,000 tonnes.

LOAD-DATE: September 19, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2012 AllAfrica Global Media.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              351 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                           Ruidoso News (New Mexico)

                              May 8, 2014 Thursday

USDA offers loan and loan guarantee programs to rural communities

BYLINE: By Kelly Brooks kbrooks@ruidosonews.com

SECTION: BUSINESS

LENGTH: 460 words


Terry Brunner, state director of the U.S. Department of Agriculture/Rural
Development, spoke to a small gathering of community members about programs the
USDA has available to offer rural communities and small businesses. The meeting
was held at the Sanctuary on River Wednesday.

Brunner told guests that his department offers three program areas that many
state residents are not aware of.

"Our main programs are housing, business and economic development and
utilities," Brunner said. "A lot of people don't know that we finance 90 to 100
home loans a year and we offer home loan guarantees with a $180,000 loan limit.
We guarantee 80 percent of the loan. Local lenders should be thinking about it.
We absorb 80 percent of the risk."

Brunner also spoke about a home repair program for seniors with a $75,000
borrowing limit and repair programs for low income families   up to $20,000 with
a one percent interest rate.

Brunner said those areas served by the USDA are more diversified than most
people realize.

"Forty percent of the USDA's money goes to fire prevention, 15 percent to rental
assistance and the rest to farm, loans and nutrition," he said.

The USDA also offers loans to rural co-ops and can help with broadband projects
and public utilities. Brunner said they also help fund distance learning
programs, water projects, sewer pipes, loan and grant programs.

Brunner gave a brief overview of business and economic development programs that
could be of help to small businesses.

"We have a loan guarantee program for rural businesses where we guarantee loans
from $400,000 up to $4 million," Brunner said. "We have re-lending programs,
offer funding for technical assistance and help businesses get access to credit
they wouldn't be able to access otherwise."

Grants for energy-efficient updates are available through USDA as well as
value-added producer grant money up to $300,000   a possibility for those
cultivating, raising and converting something into a product.

Community organizations, non profits and infrastructure studies grants are also
available. Bio fuels programs that include loans and loan guarantees,
farming,technical training and cooperative development grants also fall under
the USDA umbrella. In addition, the USDA provides assistance in providing meals
to school children, like the summer meals program in Lincoln County.

"It's pretty open," Brunner said. "If you have a project idea, call us up and we
will try to help you out. We'll even try to find another agency or service that
can help you if we can't. We've given out more than $1.52 billion over the last
two years."

To learn more about the programs the USDA has to offer visit their website at
www.rurdev.usda.gov .

Reporter Kelly Brooks can be reached at (575) 257-4001 ext. 4114.

LOAD-DATE: May 8, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: State Director of the US Department of Agriculture/Rural Development
Terry Brunner spoke to a small gathering of community members Wednesday at the
Sanctuary on the River. Brunner talked about the diversified array of loan, loan
guarantee and grant programs available to rural communities through the USDA.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2014 Ruidoso News, a MediaNews Group Newspaper
                              All Rights Reserved


                              352 of 998 DOCUMENTS

              Copyright 2016 GlobalData Ltd., All Rights Reserved
                              GlobalData - Events

                                 July 21, 2016

                       Talquin Electric CooperativeÂ Inc.

                           1640 West Jefferson Street
                                  Quincy 32351
                                 United States

* * * * * * * * * * EVENTS * * * * * * * * * *


Planned Outage and Precautionary Boil Water Notice Foxwood Drive and Lane

   Jun 16, 2015

   There is a Planned Outage for repair and maintenance of the water system. As
result a Precautionary Boil Water Notice in effect for Talquin Electric
Cooperative water members in the;


Lake Talquin Power Outage

   May 31, 2015

   An outage has occurred at the Lake Talquin substation. There are
approximately 2100 members without power. Crews are en route to restore power as
quickly and safe as possible.


Outage to part of the Gretna Substation

   Mar 27, 2015

   The majority of members that were affected by the Gretna substation outage
has been restored. There are around 30 members still without power mostly
located off of Juniper Road. Crews are working to change out the broken
pole.8:00 pm update: An outage has occurred to 333 members that are served by
the Gretna substation. Crews are working to restore power. We are in the process
of back feeding the substation, while crews change out a pole do to a vehicular
accident.


Harbinwood Substation Out of Power

   Mar 25, 2015

   Talquin Electric Cooperative, a company which provides electricity to
approximately 52,500 accounts and provides water and wastewater services from
Florida's Gulf Coast, north to the Florida State line, including portions of
Tallahassee and surrounding areas, announced that the power has been restored to
Members in Lake Jackson area served by Harbinwood Substation.


Outage in South Leon County

   Feb 11, 2015

   Talquin Electric Cooperative Inc. announced that 2:00 P.M. repairs are
completed in the Lake Bradford area and all power has been restored to our
members. 11:30 A.M. Crews have restored power to 292 members in the Lake
Bradford area. There are still 85 accounts without power while a pole is being
changed out. We will send an update as soon as possible.10 A.M. We have a report
of a traffic crash at Rankin & Orange Avenue which resulted in a broken pole and
outage affecting about 377 Members. Crews are onsite. No estimate on restore
time right now. We will update as soon as possible.


Wholesale Power Cost Adjustment

   Dec 29, 2014

   The Wholesale Power Cost Adjustment (WPCA) will increase by 2.5 mills from
3.0 to 5.5 mills, effective January 1, 2015. Members who use 1,000 kWh per month
will see an increase of $2.50 in their monthly bill.


Talquin Electric Cooperative Wakulla Outage

   Nov 30, 2014

   Majority of the power is restored to the Shadeville Substation, but there are
still 98 members without power. Crews are working to restore power as safely and
quickly as possible. ETA for those without power is about 2 hours from now
approximately 11:30 pm.


Bucklake Substation to Experience Short Outage

   Nov 18, 2014

   Talquin Electric Cooperative Inc. announced that there will be a short outage
tonight (10 to 20 minutes) to those served by the Bucklake Substation. Crews
should have the necessary maintenance completed very soon.


Florida Utility Employs TextPower SmartAlerts for Ease of Use and Cost Savings
of 90%

   Aug 12, 2014

   TextPower, a leader in innovative text messaging software solutions,
announced that Talquin Electric Cooperative, Inc., an electric utility
cooperative headquartered in Quincy, FL, has deployed TextPower SmartAlerts to
help them quickly communicate directly with their members during high pressure
events and power outages.Formed in 1940, Talquin is one of Florida's oldest
electric cooperatives, currently serving more than 52,000 active electric
accounts and maintaining over 4,400 miles of energized lines, within Gadsden,
Liberty, Wakulla and Leon Counties in Florida's panhandle.With the TextPower
SmartAlerts system, Talquin can keep customers informed about outages, overdue
payments, conservation and more. The platform is fully integrated with most of
the major service providers of the industry (Milsoft, Daffron, DataVoice, CRC
and others) allowing Talquin to send messages automatically or manually via
TextPower's web-based user interface. "We chose SmartAlerts based on many
reasons, including ease of use and the huge potential for cost savings," said
Jeremy Nelms, Director of Engineering and Operations, Talquin Electric
Cooperative, Inc. "The ability for two-way communications is key, if we have an
outage we can send a text to our customers or they can update us of an outage by
sending a text to the co-op, it couldn't be more seamless. As for cost savings,
a live operator call during an outage can average $1.10/min versus a $.05/text,
the savings speak for themselves." With SmartAlerts, Talquin members obtain
immediate outage notification and do not have to deal with busy signals or long
hold times. For proactive updating, members can easily request an update by
texting "status" or report an outage by entering "outage" or "out." SmartAlerts
is simple to setup and the lowest cost method for an organization to communicate
with a large customer base. "Unfortunately, power outages happen and when they
do, customers can often feel lost because they lack information and updates
during the duration of the outage," said Mark Nielsen, Executive Chairman and
co-founder of TextPower. "SmartAlerts solves this problem by quickly and
effectively supplying the needed information to those customers via SMS. For
Talquin, SmartAlerts delivers reduced costs, improved customer service,
significant reductions in call center traffic and improved customer
satisfaction."


EPA Proposed Ruling

   Jun 02, 2014

   The U.S. Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) published a proposed rule
aimed at reducing greenhouse gas emissions from existing fossil fuel-fired power
plants, including coal and natural gas-fired facilities. Talquin is working with
Seminole Electric Cooperative, Inc.our generation and transmission provider, to
determine the impact this may have on our Member/Owners. We plan to provide more
information after this rule has been thoroughly reviewed.


Precautionary Boil Water Notice Canceled for Tallapoosa Rd, Lake Jackson Water
System

   Nov 14, 2013

   Precautionary Boil Water Notice Canceled for Tallapoosa Rd, Lake Jackson
Water SystemThe boil water notice is Cancelled forService Area:LAKE JACKSON
WATER SYSTEMLocated at:Tallapoosa RdHow to get informationFor more information,
visit our website at www.TalquinElectric.com or Talquin Electric Cooperative on
Facebook and Twitter. Contact Talquin Electric Cooperative Water Services at
(850) 562-2115 or after hours and holidays call 1-888-802-1832 Normal0
falsefalsefalse EN-USX-NONEX-NONE / Style Definitions
/table.MsoNormalTable{mso-style-name:"Table Normal" mso-tstyle-rowband-size:0
mso-tstyle-colband-size:0 mso-style-noshow:yes mso-style-priority:99
mso-style-parent:"" mso-padding-alt:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt mso-para-margin:0in
mso-para-margin-bottom:.0001pt mso-pagination:widow-orphan font-size:10.0pt
font-family:"Times New Roman","serif"} Normal0 falsefalsefalse EN-USX-NONEX-NONE
/ Style Definitions /table.MsoNormalTable{mso-style-name:"Table Normal"
mso-tstyle-rowband-size:0 mso-tstyle-colband-size:0 mso-style-noshow:yes
mso-style-priority:99 mso-style-parent:"" mso-padding-alt:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt
mso-para-margin:0in mso-para-margin-bottom:.0001pt mso-pagination:widow-orphan
font-size:10.0pt font-family:"Times New Roman","serif"} Normal0 falsefalsefalse
EN-USX-NONEX-NONE MicrosoftInternetExplorer4 / Style Definitions
/table.MsoNormalTable{mso-style-name:"Table Normal" mso-tstyle-rowband-size:0
mso-tstyle-colband-size:0 mso-style-noshow:yes mso-style-priority:99
mso-style-parent:"" mso-padding-alt:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt mso-para-margin:0in
mso-para-margin-bottom:.0001pt mso-pagination:widow-orphan font-size:10.0pt
font-family:"Times New Roman","serif"}


Verdeeco develops data management applications for Talquin Electric

   Jul 23, 2013

   Smart grid analytics firm Verdeeco has developed multiple data applications
for Florida-based electricity firm Talquin Electric Cooperative (TECI).TECI
realized the need for improved data analytics after deploying an advanced
metering infrastructure (AMI), which showed a 73,000% increase in data load.The
utility now employs Verdeeco's Meter Insight, Alarm Console, Device Access, and
the Customer Billing Application. In the future, it will use Verdeeco's
products, including Voltage Monitoring, Transformer Loading, Unbilled Revenue
and the Customer Portal applications. The Alarm Console application provided
TECI with real-time notifications of outages and irregularities to decide on
system improvements or rolling trucks. TECI engineering services director Jeremy
Nelms said, We quickly realized a need for better data analytics and desired a
modular system that would not only gather and report data, but would also
provide us with actionable intelligence to further improve customer service.


Talquin Electric Awarded Grant By USDA For Small Business And Commercial Energy
Analysis

   Jul 23, 2012

   Talquin Electric Cooperative was awarded a grant from the U.S. Department of
Agriculture (USDA) to benefit its small business and light commercial members.
Under this grant, Talquin Electric will be offering energy conservation analysis
to US small rural businesses and agriculture producer members. This grant
opportunity covers 75% of the cost with the remaining 25% to be paid by the
member for the full analysis and documentation of the energy audit.


USDA Announces Recipients For Energy Audits, And Renewable Energy Development
Assistance

   Mar 30, 2012

   The U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA) selected for funding 10 projects
nationwide to help rural small businesses and agricultural producers reduce
energy consumption and implement renewable energy technologies. The funding will
be made available through the Rural Energy for America Program (REAP), which was
authorized by the 2008 Farm Bill.Tom Vilsack, secretary for USDA, said, "For the
first time in 13 years, imported oil accounts for less than 50% of the oil
consumed in America. That is because we are producing more domestically, using
more alternative fuels, and using less energy through energy efficiency efforts.
Through the REAP program, USDA has partnered with more than 13,000 of America's
farmers, ranchers and rural businesses to save energy and improve their bottom
line by installing renewable energy systems and energy efficiency solutions.
USDA will continue to help make America more energy efficient, and in doing so,
more competitive by encouraging rural small businesses to continue to build
renewable energy systems."In Cumberland county, Maine the Greater Portland
Council of Governments has been selected for an $80,000 grant to develop on- and
off-shore wind projects. In Somerset county, the Maine Community College System
(Kennebec Valley Community College) has been selected to receive a $100,000
grant to provide four energy audits and renewable energy development assistance
for 140 agricultural producers and rural small businesses across the state. In
Weld, Larimer and Boulder Counties, Colorado, the Poudre Valley Rural Electric
Association, Inc. has been selected for a $50,000 grant to conduct energy audits
for farmers, ranchers, and rural small businesses in making energy-efficiency
improvements to their operations. It is estimated that 140 rural businesses and
60 agricultural producers will be assisted through this project. REAP loan
guarantees and grants can be used for renewable energy systems and energy
efficiency improvementsand grants for feasibility studies, renewable energy
development assistance and energy audits. Funding of each recipient is
contingent upon the recipient meeting the conditions for the grant. The
following is a complete list of award recipients announced. Energy audits and
renewable energy development assistance recipients by state Arizona Navajo
Tribal Utility Authority$100,000 grant Colorado Poudre Valley Rural Electric
Association, Inc.$50,000 grant Florida Talquin Electric Cooperative,
Inc.$100,000 grant Georgia University of Georgia$100,000 grant Kentucky
University of Louisville Research Foundation, Inc.$100,000 grant Maine Greater
Portland Council of Governments$80,000 grant Maine Community College
System$100,000 grant Oregon Oregon Department of Energy$100,000 grant Washington
Washington State University$90,000 grant WisconsinDairyland Power Cooperative$
60,000 grant.


Talquin Implements Sensus AMI And Smart Metering Technologies For Electric And
Water Services

   Apr 05, 2011

   Talquin Electric Cooperative (Talquin) is implementing Sensus technologies
for its advanced metering infrastructure (AMI) and smart metering program that
will serve all 54,000 residential, commercial and industrial members in its
2,600 square mile territory.The co-op is in the process of installing Sensus
electric meters equipped with remote connect and disconnect and iPERL
residential water meters, both of which are being read by the Sensus FlexNet
communications network.Jeremy Nelms, engineering manager for Talquin, said, The
smart grid program will replace an aging system that for seventy years required
our members to submit their own electric meter reads each month. The new system
will notify us when an outage occurs and when power is restored, an important
benefit given that our members are located in a tropical storm and hurricane
prone area. For its water customers, Talquin is moving from manual water meter
reads to wireless reading to improve data accuracy and timeliness and reduce the
number of utility truck rolls. After two years of intensive research, Talquin
chose the Sensus FlexNet system, a point-to-multi-point network based on open
standards, to support their electric and water needs due to its transmission
power via primary-use, FCC-licensed spectrum. Talquin also purchased the FlexNet
Home Server software solution to support future program expansion for home
energy management, utilizing ZigBee technology as well as pre-pay billing
options. Randolph Wheatley, vice president of marketing for Sensus, said, Not
only has the FlexNet system been proven in the field in more than 300 projects,
it can support electric, water and gas utility customers on a single
communications network. FlexNet will reliably serve Talquin's members today and
can easily scale to support future network applications including distribution
automation and demand response. Smart meter installation began in December 2010
and Talquin estimates that installation of all electric and water meters will be
complete by late 2011 to early 2012. Talquin said that it is one of a few co-ops
nationwide to receive an American Recovery and Reinvestment Act grant from the
U.S. Department of Energy for its smart grid program.


USDA Announces Funding To Improve Electric Service For Rural Residents And
Businesses In US

   Mar 07, 2011

   The United States Department of Agriculture (USDA) has announced that rural
electric cooperatives in eight states of the US will upgrade services to more
than 24,000 rural consumers with its loan guarantee financing.Tom Vilsack,
secretary of USDA, said, "Today's announcement is a continuation of USDA's
commitment to bring reliable and affordable electric power to homes and business
in rural America," Vilsack said. The Obama Administration supports investment in
the country's energy infrastructure as part of our commitment to 'win the
future."The $442m in funding is being awarded through USDA Rural Development's
Rural Utilities Service to assist electric utilities with upgrades, expansion,
maintenance, and replacement of rural America's electric infrastructure. Over
$9m of these loans will support investments in smart grid technology through the
use of automated metering. The USDA electric program also helps fund energy
conservation and renewable energy projects. Talquin Electric Cooperative, Inc.
(TEC) in Florida was selected to receive a loan guarantee of $45m for a project
that includes new distribution line and automated metering equipment to serve
customers in a predominately agricultural area. Two of the loans will go to
rural electric cooperative utilities in Texas to fund acquisition of a gas-fired
plant to provide electric power to meet growing capacity. Northeast Texas
Electric Cooperative, Inc. (NETC) and East Texas Electric Cooperative, Inc.
(ETEC) will receive support to serve commercial and industrial customers in
Texas and Louisiana. The following is a complete list of rural utilities that
have been selected to receive loan guarantee funding, which is contingent upon
the recipient meeting the terms of the loan agreement. Florida: TEC â[#x20ac]"
$45.36m. Improvements will serve more than 4,000 consumers, build 150 miles of
new distribution and four miles of new transmission line and make system
improvements. Glades Electric Cooperative, Inc. â[#x20ac]" $30.38m. Funding will
be used to serve 1,500 consumersbuild 688 miles of new distribution line and one
mile of transmission line and make system improvements. Georgia: Altamaha
Electric Membership Corporation â[#x20ac]" $10m. This project will serve over
2,000 consumers, build and improve 417 miles of distribution line. Louisiana:
South Louisiana Electric Cooperative Association â[#x20ac]" $19.77m. Funding
will benefit over 1,800 consumers, build 16 miles of transmission line and
improve 30 miles of distribution line and make other system improvements. Pointe
Coupee Electric Membership Corporation â[#x20ac]" $11.61m. Serve 1,500
consumers, build 33 miles of transmission line and improve 24 miles of
distribution line. Concordia Electric Cooperative, Inc. â[#x20ac]" $13.18m. USDA
funding will be used to benefit 4,000 consumers, build 111 miles of transmission
line and improve 40 miles of distribution line. Minnesota: South Central
Electric Association â[#x20ac]" $14m. Serve 160 consumers, build and improve 219
miles of distribution line and make other system improvements. Missouri: Osage
Valley Electric Cooperative Association â[#x20ac]" $17.15m. This project will
serve 1,240 consumers, build and improve 191 miles of distribution line and make
other system improvements. Gascosage Electric Cooperative â[#x20ac]" $6.5m.
Funding will be used to benefit 700 consumers, build and improve 73 miles of
distribution line and make other system improvements. North Carolina: South
River Electric Membership Corporation â[#x20ac]" $22m. This project will benefit
3,100 consumers, build and improve 190 miles of distribution line and make other
system improvements. South Carolina: Edisto Electric Cooperative, Inc.
â[#x20ac]" $25m. Funds will be used to serve 3,400 consumers, build and improve
301 miles of distribution line and make other system improvements. Texas:
Swisher Electric Cooperative, Inc. â[#x20ac]" $5.2m. Funding will serve almost
1,000 consumers, build and improve 181 miles of distribution line. Texas and
Louisiana: NTEC â[#x20ac]" $91m. This funding will be used to help acquire
portion of ownership interest in Harrison County power plant. ETEC â[#x20ac]"
$131m. This funding will be used to help acquire portion of ownership interest
in Harrison County power plant.
* * * * * * * * * * OTHER AVAILABLE REPORTS * * * * * * * * * *
Company Overview                        Events
Key Employees                           Key Facts
Locations and Subsidiaries              Major Products and Services
Top Competitors

 * * * * * * * * * * NOTE * * * * * * * * * *

   GlobalData uses a range of research techniques to gather and verify its
information and analysis. These include primary research, in-house knowledge and
expertise, proprietary databases, and secondary sources such as company
websites, annual reports, SEC filings and press releases. Disclaimer: No part of
this publication may be reproduced, stored in a retrieval system or transmitted
in any form by any means, electronic, mechanical, photocopying, recording or
otherwise, without the prior permission of the publisher, GlobalData. The facts
of this report are believed to be correct at the time of publication but cannot
be guaranteed. Please note that the findings, conclusions and recommendations
that GlobalData delivers will be based on information gathered in good faith
from both primary and secondary sources, whose accuracy we are not always in a
position to guarantee. As such GlobalData can accept no liability whatever for
actions taken based on any information that may subsequently prove to be
incorrect.

LOAD-DATE: July 21, 2016


                              353 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          Amarillo Daily News (Texas)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             January 7, 2007 Sunday

Amarillo Globe-News, Texas, farm briefs column

BYLINE: Kevin Welch, Amarillo Globe-News, Texas

SECTION: BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL NEWS

LENGTH: 486 words


Jan. 7--FARMING LESSONS: Texas Cooperative Extension will present crop
protection clinics this week in a variety of towns.

Registration begins at 9 a.m. and the program begins at 9:30 a.m. Continuing
Education Units and Certified Crop Advisor credits will be available.
Discussions, each lasting about one hour, will cover corn fertility management,
weed management in strip till, the future of bioenergy and irrigation
management.

Other topics will include strip- and ridge-till concepts, quality forage
production, integrated pest management for corn and the use of fungicides in
corn.

The dates and locations of the clinics are:

--Monday, Dalhart, Rita Blanca Coliseum on Lake Road;

--Tuesday, Dumas, Moore County Community Building, 16th and Maddox streets;

--Wednesday, Panhandle, Carson County Ag Building, 814 E. Third St.;

--Thursday, Spearman, Hansford County Barn on Avenue D;

--Friday, Guymon, Okla., Texas County Activity Center, Fourth and Sunset
streets.

For more information, call Roxanne Bowling at the Moore County Extension office
(806) 935-2593.

ENERGY FUNDING: USDA Rural Development a free, one-day workshop in San Antonio
concerning renewable energy and energy efficiency grant and loan programs.

The workshop will be at 8:30 a.m. Jan. 23 at the U.S.A.F. School of Medicine (in
the large auditorium), Brooks City-Base.

With USDA Rural Development's Business and Cooperative Programs, rural
businesses can gain access to funds that normally would not be available to
them. Grants and a guaranteed loan program may assist eligible agriculture
producers and rural small businesses with financing to install renewable energy
projects or making energy efficiency improvements to existing operations.

For more information, call (254) 742-9780, or go to www.rurdev.usda.gov/tx/.

INSURANCE PLANS: A crop and livestock insurance course is set for Feb. 26 a the
Texas A&M University Research and Extension Center southwest of Vernon.

The program is part of the Master Marketer Educational System.

Attendees will get an overview of existing and coming commodity insurance plans.
Informed decisions are the goal of the presentation, said Stan Bevers, professor
and Extension economist.

Federal insurance programs to be discussed include hail, multiple peril crop,
revenue plans, group risk income and the new Forage Insurance Pilot Program.

The course cost $75 and spouses attend free. The charge covers lunch and program
materials.

Pre-registration by Feb. 16 is required. Call Bevers at (940) 552-9941, ext.
231.

To see more of the Amarillo Globe-News, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.amarillonet.com. Copyright (c) 2007, Amarillo Globe-News, Texas
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: January 8, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20070107-AX-FARM-BRIEFS-20070107

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: AX


                       Copyright 2007 Amarillo Daily News


                              354 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                         Telegraph Herald (Dubuque, IA)

                             June 10, 2003 Tuesday

Postville, Iowa; Company lands $200,000 grant

SECTION: Pg. b6

LENGTH: 91 words


A $$ @200,000 federal grant will help finance a new facility that could create
10 jobs in Allamakee County.

The Allamakee-Clayton Electric Cooperative in Postville was presented with the
federal Rural Economic Development Grant last week.

The $$ @200,000 will go toward construction of a $$ @1.05 million facility for
Kol-Gol Inc., a company that manufactures wire display racks for retail stores.

The money is part of $$ @3.1 million in federal loans and grants designed to
rouse economic growth in rural Iowa.

LOAD-DATE: June 10, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                  Copyright 2003 Woodward Communications, Inc.


                              355 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                         Deming Headlight (New Mexico)

                           February 10, 2011 Thursday

USDA can help residents hit hard by winter weather

BYLINE: For the Headlight

SECTION: LOCAL

LENGTH: 413 words


ALBUQUERQUE - USDA Rural Development New Mexico State Director Terry Brunner
announced financial aid is available to help individuals, communities and
utilities address the implications of recent winter storms in rural New Mexico.

"We've all seen the negative effect of the recent storm system. Utilities are
coping with broken pipes and lines, community facilities have been damaged and
homeowners have seen a variety of problems," said Brunner. He added, "We have
several programs that could help address these issues and we stand ready to
assist rural New Mexicans during this challenging time."

Telecommunication and Electric Cooperatives have access to normal lines of
credit through the USDA Rural Utilities Service to repair system damages. The
USDA Rural Utilities Service encourages those with outstanding RUS debt to reach
out to the agency and request assistance to bring their system back on line as
quickly as possible. Other eligible utility applicants may seek expedited
funding requests from Rural Development.

Water systems, such as municipal systems and mutual domestic water associations,
in communities of 10,000 or less can apply for USDA's Emergency Community Water
Assistance Grants if they have current environmental and engineering documents.
These grants can cover a variety of issues including a decrease in water quality
and replacement of lines and other equipment.

Communities with populations less than 20,000 can apply for USDA loans and
grants for repair to their community infrastructure through the USDA Rural
Development Community Facilities program. This includes: community buildings,
medical facilities, emergency equipment, and roads.

Low income homeowners in communities of 10,000 or less may apply for low
interest home repair loans and grants to fix their home, weatherize, purchase
heating systems and repair utilities connections. The maximum allowed through
the grant program is $7,500 and the maximum loan available is $20,000 at one
percent interest.

CONTACT

For more information on these programs contact the nearest USDA Rural
Development office.

Aztec Area Office (505) 334-3090, ext. 4

Las Cruces Area Office (575) 522-8775, ext. 4

Las Vegas Sub-Office (505) 425-3594, ext. 4

Los Lunas Area Office (505) 865-4643, ext. 4

Roswell Sub-Office (575) 622-8745

For more information on rural programs is available at any local USDA Rural
Development office or by visiting USDA Rural Development's web site at
http://www.rurdev.usda.gov

LOAD-DATE: February 10, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


          Copyright 2011 Deming Headlight, a MediaNews Group Newspaper
                              All Rights Reserved


                              356 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                        Las Cruces Sun-News (New Mexico)

                           February 10, 2011 Thursday

USDA can help residents hit hard by winter weather (4:07 a.m.)

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 411 words


ALBUQUERQUE - USDA Rural Development New Mexico State Director Terry Brunner
announced financial aid is available to help individuals, communities and
utilities address the implications of recent winter storms in rural New Mexico.

"We've all seen the negative effect of the recent storm system. Utilities are
coping with broken pipes and lines, community facilities have been damaged and
homeowners have seen a variety of problems," said Brunner. He added, "We have
several programs that could help address these issues and we stand ready to
assist rural New Mexicans during this challenging time."

Telecommunication and Electric Cooperatives have access to normal lines of
credit through the USDA Rural Utilities Service to repair system damages. The
USDA Rural Utilities Service encourages those with outstanding RUS debt to reach
out to the agency and request assistance to bring their system back on line as
quickly as possible. Other eligible utility applicants may seek expedited
funding requests from Rural Development.

Water systems, such as municipal systems and mutual domestic water associations,
in communities of 10,000 or less can apply for USDA's Emergency Community Water
Assistance Grants if they have current environmental and engineering documents.
These grants can cover a variety of issues including a decrease in water quality
and replacement of lines and other equipment.

Communities with populations less than 20,000 can apply for USDA loans and
grants for repair to their community infrastructure through the USDA Rural
Development Community Facilities program. This includes: community buildings,
medical facilities, emergency equipment, and roads.

Low income homeowners in communities of 10,000 or less may apply for low
interest home repair loans and grants to fix their home, weatherize, purchase
heating systems and repair utilities connections. The maximum allowed through
the grant program is $7,500 and the maximum loan available is $20,000 at one
percent interest.

CONTACT

For more information on these programs contact the nearest USDA Rural
Development office.

Aztec Area Office (505) 334-3090, ext. 4

Las Cruces Area Office (575) 522-8775, ext. 4

Las Vegas Sub-Office (505) 425-3594, ext. 4

Los Lunas Area Office (505) 865-4643, ext. 4

Roswell Sub-Office (575) 622-8745

For more information on rural programs is available at any local USDA Rural
Development office or by visiting USDA Rural Development's web site at
http://www.rurdev.usda.gov

LOAD-DATE: February 10, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


        Copyright 2011 Las Cruces Sun-News, a MediaNews Group Newspaper
                              All Rights Reserved


                              357 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                        Lincoln Journal Star (Nebraska)

                           February 9, 2000 Wednesday
                                  City Edition

State senators go to bat for bills promoting rural economic growth

BYLINE: MARTHA STODDARD Lincoln Journal Star

SECTION: B; Pg. 2

LENGTH: 443 words


Spreading the good economic times from urban areas to the rural corners of
Nebraska means supporting small and innovative businesses, members of the
Legislature's Agriculture Committee heard Tuesday.

"That's how we make money in rural communities -- we start our own business,"
said Sen. Matt Connealy of Decatur. "How do we know what company is the next
Cabela's?"

Connealy was one of several people who spoke in support of a pair of bills aimed
at promoting rural economic development.

First up was LB1222, sponsored by Sen. Floyd Vrtiska of Table Rock. It would
provide grants of up to $50,000 a year for Nebraska-based projects to add value
to raw agricultural products.

The $1 million program could support projects ranging from livestock processing
cooperatives to small businesses that turn grapes into wine and jellies. Grants
would be offered only in counties with labor pools of 10,000 people or fewer.

The second proposal was LB1348, sponsored by Sen. Roger Wehrbein of Plattsmouth.
It would put a total of $7 million into three economic development programs.

Some of that money would increase the funds available to help microenterprises;
the state currently has $250,000 for such help. Microenterprises account for 70
percent of the new jobs in rural Nebraska, according to a recent study.

The measure also would create community opportunity grants and agricultural
opportunity grants. Those programs would help local organizations do research,
offer technical assistance, keep local businesses going and undertake other
economic development activities.

Wehrbein, chairman of the Appropriations Committee, acknowledged the bill
carried a high price tag. But he said conditions in rural Nebraska warranted a
significant commitment.

"This is more aggressive than the other plans, but if we're not aggressive now,
when will we be aggressive?" Connealy asked.

The kinds of grants envisioned in both bills are vitally important to helping
Nebraska's agricultural producers, said Stan Rosendahl of Creston, past
president of the Nebraska Pork Producers Association.

John Bailey of the Center for Rural Affairs agreed. Rural Nebraska has higher
levels of poverty and lower household incomes than urban parts of the state, he
said.

The two bills presented Tuesday would target the small, entrepreneur-driven
businesses that can be most successful in rural areas. Bailey said the bills
would work well together.

The Agriculture Committee took no action Tuesday. Both bills have been named
priorities, increasing their chances of being considered by the full Legislature
if they get out of committee.

Martha Stoddard can be reached at 473-7251 or mstoddard@journalstar.com.

LOAD-DATE: June 19, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2000 Lincoln Journal Star,
                              All Rights Reserved


                              358 of 998 DOCUMENTS

              Copyright 2017 GlobalData Ltd., All Rights Reserved
                              GlobalData - Events

                               February 21, 2017

                        Adams Electric Cooperative, Inc.

                             1338 Biglerville Road
                                Gettysburg 17325
                                 United States

* * * * * * * * * * EVENTS * * * * * * * * * *


Adams Electric Dedicates Sixth New Power Substation In Shippensburg

   May 07, 2013

   Adams Electric Cooperative, Inc. (Adams Electric) inaugurated its sixth power
substation at Shippensburg area on May 3, 2013, The Shippensburg News-Chronicle
reported. The $500,000 substation project secured funding from the Cumberland
Valley Regional Development Corp. The new 10 MW substation will provide
electricity to United Business Park near Shippensburg. The company will start
operation of its seventh substation at Walnut Bottom area shortly.Along with the
new substation, Adams Electric also installed about 1,500ft of electricity trans
mission line to connect into the grid along West King Street and Shippensburg
and followed Possum Hollow Road to Interstate 81.Steve Rasmussen, Adams Electric
CEO, said, This project marks the beginning of a multi-year effort to build our
infrastructure for the future. We have three more substations planned across our
service territory to meet the growing demand for reliable affordable
electricity. This is a positive sign for the economy in south central
Pennsylvania.


USDA Announces Funding To Improve Rural Electric Infrastructure

   Jul 11, 2012

   The United States Department of Agriculture (USDA) announced that rural
electric cooperatives and utilities in 15 states will receive loan guarantees to
make improvements to generation and transmission facilities and implement smart
grid technologies.With this funding, USDA Rural Development moves closer to
reaching secretary of USDA's goal to fund more than $250m for smart grid
technologies. The announcement includes support for more than $10m in smart grid
technologies, which help utilities make efficiency improvements to the electric
grid and help consumers lower their electric bills by reducing energy use in
homes and businesses.Corn Belt Power Cooperative in Iowa will use funds to
finance advanced technology generation system improvements that increase
efficiencies and manage costs. The nearly $55.8m loan guarantee also includes
$22.8m in environmental improvement projects. The funding announcement also
includes a $24m loan guarantee for the Midwest Energy Cooperative in Cassopolis,
Michigan. The utility plans to build and upgrade 208 miles of distribution and
transmission line. The loan includes $788,410 in smart grid projects. In Dobson,
North Carolina, the Surry-Yadkin Electric Membership Corporation won a $20m loan
guarantee to build and improve 114 miles of distribution and transmission line
that will serve nearly 1,500 customers. This loan includes $1.4m for smart grid
projects. The following is a list of rural utilities that will receive USDA
funding, which is contingent upon the recipient meeting the terms of the loan
agreement. Georgia Colquitt Electric Membership Corporationâ[#x20ac]" $20m.
Funds will be used to build and improve 478 miles of distribution line and make
other system improvements, serving 3,284 customers. Illinois Rural Electric
Convenience Cooperative, Inc.â[#x20ac]" $7.9m. Funds will be used to build and
improve 45 miles of distribution line and make other system improvements,
serving 229 customers. The loan includes $54,500 for smart grid projects. Iowa
Corn Belt Power Cooperativeâ[#x20ac]" Around $55.8m. Funds will be used to
finance generation system improvements and minority ownership in the Walter
Scott Jr. Energy Center Unit 4. The loan includes $22,838,826 in environmental
improvement projects. Maquoketa Valley Rural Electric Cooperativeâ[#x20ac]"
$3.25m. Funds will be used to build and improve 252 miles of distribution line
and make other system improvements, serving 635 customers. The loan includes
$220,000 in smart grid projects. Kansas The Ninnescah Rural Electric Cooperative
Association, Inc.â[#x20ac]" $9.67m. Funds will be used to build and improve 410
miles of distribution line and make other system improvements, serving 359
customers. The loan includes $550,000 in smart grid projects. Kentucky Licking
Valley Rural Electric Cooperative Corporationâ[#x20ac]" More than $19.7m. Funds
will be used to build and improve 186 miles of distribution line and make other
system improvements, serving 1,250 customers. The loan includes $689,227 in
smart grid projects. Michigan, Indiana and Ohio Midwest Energy
Cooperativeâ[#x20ac]" $24m. Funds will be used to build and improve 208 miles of
distribution and transmission line and make other system improvements, serving
1,100 customers. The loan includes $788,140 in smart grid projects. Minnesota
Red Lake Electric Cooperative, Inc.â[#x20ac]" More than $5.1m. Funds will be
used to build and improve 58 miles of distribution line and make other system
improvements, serving 188 customers. The loan includes $199,460 in smart grid
projects. Missouri Barry Electric Cooperativeâ[#x20ac]" More than $14.3m. Funds
will be used to build and improve 47 miles of distribution line, 12 miles of
transmission line and make other system improvements, serving 822 customers.
North Carolina Surry-Yadkin Electric Membership Corporationâ[#x20ac]" $20m.
Funds will be used to build and improve 114 miles of distribution and
transmission line and make other system improvements, serving 1,489 customers.
The loan includes $1,348,950 in smart grid projects. Cape Hatteras Electric
Membership Corporationâ[#x20ac]" More than $9.7m. Funds will be used to build
and improve 17 miles of distribution and transmission line and make other system
improvements, serving 290 customers. The loan includes $2,167,000 in smart grid
projects. Oklahoma Verdigris Valley Electric Cooperative, Inc.â[#x20ac]" $12.9m.
Funds will be used to build and improve 27 miles of distribution line and make
other system improvements, serving 936 customers. Pennsylvania Adams Electric
Cooperativeâ[#x20ac]" $40m. Funds will be used to build and improve 200 miles of
distribution line and make other system improvements, serving 1,443 customers.
The loan includes $767,950 in smart grid projects. South Dakota Southeastern
Electric Cooperative, Inc.â[#x20ac]" More than $36.9m. Funds will be used to
build and improve 467 miles of distribution line and make other system
improvements, serving 1,610 customers. The loan includes $2,807,850 in smart
grid projects. TexasHouston County Electric Cooperative, Inc.â[#x20ac]" More
than $8.3m. Funds will be used to build and improve 421 miles of distribution
line and make other system improvements, serving 2,000 customers. The loan
includes $670,000 in smart grid projects. The $287m in loan guarantees announced
on July 11, 2012 are provided by USDA Rural Development's Rural Utilities
Service. The funding helps electric utilities upgrade, expand, maintain and
replace rural America's electric infrastructure.


Electric Co-ops Launch Nationwide Smart Grid Demonstration Project

   Aug 03, 2010

   With the final approval of a $33.9 million matching grant to the National
Rural Electric Cooperative Association from the Department of Energy, 19
electric cooperatives now embark on a unique, nationwide demonstration project
deploying more than 153,000 smart grid components across the country to test the
value of the new technologies for cooperative consumer members.Authorized by the
American Recovery and Reinvestment Act, the smart grid research grants, together
with the $3.4 billion in smart grid investment grants, are part of a federal
initiative to identify and develop new and more effective smart grid
technologies.Glenn English, CEO of NRECA, said: Cooperatives lead the industry
in the deployment of smart meter infrastructure and can help drive the effort to
modernize the nation's electrical system using new technologies. Our
cooperatives will be evaluating how and whether these technologies can assist
them in their mission to provide safe, reliable and affordable electric power to
their member-consumers, English said. Electric distribution cooperatives, which
range in size from a few hundred to more than 200,000 meters, will evaluate
potential benefits of new technologies that could help increase operational
efficiencies and improve service. On the other side of the meter, co-ops will
also test new programs that help consumers manage electric bills. According to
the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission (FERC), cooperatives' advanced metering
penetration increased from 3.8% in 2006 to 16.4% in 2008 â[#x20ac]" well above
the industry as a whole. According to research conducted by NRECA, approximately
half of cooperatives have installed at least some advanced metering
infrastructure (AMI) on their systems, and some 30% of cooperatives have begun
to integrate their AMI with other systems on their grid. The cooperatives'
demonstration project represents the first opportunity to conduct a nationwide
pilot extending and testing end-to-end connectivity â[#x20ac]" from the power
plant to the consumer's home â[#x20ac]" and interoperability using MultiSpeak, a
specification developed by NRECA through the MultiSpeak Initiative. This project
will extend the MultiSpeak specification to new functions and applications and
include cybersecurity in the testing process. Cyber security consultants SAIC
and Cigital will work with the cooperatives to explore security issues
surrounding enhanced interoperability and connectivity. Participating
cooperatives: Adams Electric CooperativeAdams-Columbia Electric
CooperativeClarke Electric Cooperative, Inc.Consumers EnergyCorn Belt Power
CooperativeCalhoun County Electric Cooperative AssociationHumboldt County Rural
Electric CooperativeIowa Lakes Electric CooperativePrairie Energy
CooperativeDelaware County Electric Co-opFlint EMCKaua'i Island Utility
CooperativeMenard Electric CooperativeNew Hampshire Electric CooperativeOwen
Electric Cooperative, Inc.Salt River Electric CooperativeSnapping Shoals
EMCUnited REMCWashington-St. Tammany Electric Cooperative


Pennsylvania Announces Over $10 Million Investment In 12 New Solar Projects

   Dec 18, 2009

   Pennsylvania is investing more than $10 million in 12 new solar energy
projects. Governor Edward G. Rendell made this statement after the Commonwealth
Financing Authority's (CFA) approval of the projects. The total installed
capacity of the planned projects is a little more than 9.1 MW, or enough to
power about 1,000 homes. The projects will be for Adams County, Allegheny
County, Chester County, Cumberland County, Dauphin County, Luzerne County,
Montgomery County and Philadelphia County.From helping a school district become
more energy efficient, to transforming a brownfield once used as a fruit waste
site into a solar field, we're helping to pave the way for a cleaner, greener
economy in Pennsylvania, Governor Rendell said. Pennsylvania is committed to
creating a vibrant solar industry because it is of strategic importance to our
state's future. By the end of 2010, thanks in large part to the programs and
policies we've enacted since 2003 with the help of the legislature, we expect
that Pennsylvania will rank in the top five states for solar.The CFA administers
Pennsylvania's economic stimulus programs, including portions of the $650
million alternative energy investment fund. The projects approved by the CFA on
December 17, 2009 are listed below, by county: Adams County Adams Electric
Cooperative Inc. will receive an $84,240 solar energy program grant to install a
ground-mounted solar generation system at its headquarters in Cumberland
Township. The co-op plans to install 192 solar panels to reduce summer
peak-demand costs, grid congestion and its overall carbon footprint, and to
foster interest and help educate its members and the public about solar energy
as a sustainable energy source. The total project cost is $321,006. Allegheny
County Flabeg Solar U.S. Corp. will receive a $505,000 solar energy program
grant to purchase and install machinery and equipment for a second silvering
line for its facility in Findlay Township. Initially, the facility contained one
silvering line that applied silver finish to parabolic solar mirrors, but the
second line is necessary to meet the increased demand for solar thermal power
tower plants. The project will create 101 jobs over the next three years. The
total project cost is $9.3 million. Allegheny County will receive a $154,068
solar energy program grant to purchase and install a rooftop solar thermal
system on the Allegheny County Jail in Pittsburgh. The 900,000-square-foot jail
was built in 1995 and houses nearly 3,000 inmates. The new system will offset a
significant portion of hot water costs by preheating about 10,000 gallons per
day. The total project cost is $308,136. Chester County Tredyffrin Township will
receive a $31,500 solar energy program grant to buy and install a solar
photovoltaic system on top of turnpike sound barrier walls in the township. The
system will be located within a one-mile stretch between Mill Road Bridge and
Valley Forge National Park, near mile marker 323. The total project cost is
$245,000. Cumberland County Big Spring School District will receive a $35,000
solar energy program grant to buy and install a photovoltaic roof panel system
for the proposed new Plainfield Elementary School in West Pennsboro Township.
The school district intends to achieve a LEED Gold target rating for the
building. The 60,000-square-foot school will educate up to 450 pupils. The total
project cost is $160,000. Knouse Foods Cooperative Inc. will receive a $3.5
million solar energy program grant to construct a solar photovoltaic field on an
18-acre site in Dickinson Township. The site, which is located on nine acres of
brownfield land that was once used for fruit waste 25 years ago, will be home to
a 3.155-megawatt photovoltaic generating facility. The $19 million project will
retain 22 full-time jobs and create three seasonal jobs. Dauphin County Lower
Paxton Township will receive a $3 million solar energy grant to install a
3-megawatt solar photovoltaic system at its landfill. The electricity generated
will be used to offset the township's cost to operate the nearby Swatara
Township Authority's wastewater treatment facility. The total project cost is
$16 million. Luzerne County Romark Logistics of PA will receive a $2.1 million
solar energy program grant toward building a 2-megawatt rooftop solar array at
its 525,000-square-foot warehouse and distribution facility in Hazle Township,
allowing the company to reduce its carbon footprint and gain better control over
electricity costs. The total project cost is $9.5 million. Montgomery County
Harleysville Mutual Insurance Co. will receive a $355,000 solar energy program
grant toward the cost of a 510.6-kilowatt rooftop solar photovoltaic system at
its Lower Salford Township facility. The system will generate about 10% of the
facility's annual electricity needs. The total project cost is $2.8 million. SKF
USA Inc. will receive a $346,000 solar energy program grant to install a
411.3-kilowatt solar photovoltaic system on the rooftop of its headquarters in
Kulpsville. The photovoltaic system will occupy 37,900 square feet of rooftop
space and is estimated to provide 501,241 kilowatt hours of energy over the
course of a year. The total project cost is $1.4 million. Philadelphia County
IBEW Local Union 98 will receive a $13,590 solar energy program grant to buy and
install a solar photovoltaic system on the roof of its business office. Along
with the energy generation benefits, the project will allow workers to be
trained for the solar PV industry. The total project cost is $84,324. IBEW Local
Union 98 Apprentice Training received a $4,530 solar energy program grant to buy
and install a rooftop solar photovoltaic system of the roof of its building. The
total project cost is $70,018.
* * * * * * * * * * OTHER AVAILABLE REPORTS * * * * * * * * * *
Company Overview                        Events
Financial Ratios                        Investments
Key Operational Employees               Key Employees
Key Facts                               Locations and Subsidiaries
Major Products and Services             Top Competitors

 * * * * * * * * * * NOTE * * * * * * * * * *

   GlobalData uses a range of research techniques to gather and verify its
information and analysis. These include primary research, in-house knowledge and
expertise, proprietary databases, and secondary sources such as company
websites, annual reports, SEC filings and press releases. Disclaimer: No part of
this publication may be reproduced, stored in a retrieval system or transmitted
in any form by any means, electronic, mechanical, photocopying, recording or
otherwise, without the prior permission of the publisher, GlobalData. The facts
of this report are believed to be correct at the time of publication but cannot
be guaranteed. Please note that the findings, conclusions and recommendations
that GlobalData delivers will be based on information gathered in good faith
from both primary and secondary sources, whose accuracy we are not always in a
position to guarantee. As such GlobalData can accept no liability whatever for
actions taken based on any information that may subsequently prove to be
incorrect.

LOAD-DATE: February 21, 2017


                              359 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                         Glasgow Daily Times (Kentucky)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            April 10, 2014 Thursday

Beshear presents $100K check to Glasgow for landfill methane

BYLINE: Gina Kinslow, Glasgow Daily Times, Ky.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 1323 words


April 10--GLASGOW -- Gov. Steve Beshear made several stops Wednesday while
visiting southcentral Kentucky, one of which was in Glasgow for a check
presentation regarding the creation of a methane gas recovery system at the
Glasgow Regional Landfill.

The city of Glasgow received a $100,000 grant through the Kentucky Energy
Efficiency and Conservation for Local Governments program to help fund the $1.3
million project that will involve capturing the methane gas at the landfill and
turning it into electricity.

Beshear presented a check for the grant to Mayor Rhonda Riherd Trautman and
members of the city council during a ceremony at the landfill.

"When a lot of us look at a landfill, we just see trash. Other people see
opportunity and that's what your leadership here in the mayor, the city council
and others have seen here -- opportunity," Beshear said.

East Kentucky Power will buy the methane and turn it into electricity, making it
available for private and public consumption, as well as a back-up power source
for the city's water treatment plant, he said.

"I am very proud that we are partners in this," Beshear said.

In addition to the energy grant, the project will also be funded by a $212,000
contribution from the city of Glasgow and a $1 million no-interest loan from the
U.S. Department of Agriculture's Rural Economic Development Loan and Grant
Program.

Trautman credited Bill Prather with Farmer's Rural Electric Cooperative for
coming up with the idea for the methane gas recovery system.

"When I first came into office in 2011, one of the first calls I got was from
Bill Prather with Farmer's Rural Electric," she said.

The mayor met with Prather and from there they began to plan the project.

"We visited other facilities and after all this time we are getting to the point
to where we are ready to proceed," Trautman said. "I believe that after all this
time, three years of planning and coordination, this project is going to be a
showcase and we will have people visiting us from not only across the state, but
across the country to see what we are doing here."

She continued that the project would not have gotten off the ground had it not
been for teamwork and gave credit to Kurt Frey with  the city's department of
public works; Alvey Morgan with the Glasgow Regional Landfill; the city council,
past and present, and the council's infrastructure committee, as well as various
other city employees.

Prather thanked the mayor and the city council for working so diligently on the
project.

"We are going to end up with a project that will improve the environment here in
our community and will produce clean energy and power for possibly 500 homes
from the power plant we will eventually build here," he said.

Tony Campbell, CEO for East Kentucky Power Cooperative, was also on hand for the
event and said, "If it wasn't for Bill Prather and the board of directors ...
East Kentucky would not have been able to be involved in this project."

He called the project "a win, win" for everyone.

"It's a win for the community in that we will be able to eliminate some of the
odors. It is a win for the electric cooperative in that it will produce some
electricity, and it's a win for the environment because methane is four times
more cleaner than CO2 after it is burned," he said.

After leaving Glasgow, Beshear traveled on to Metcalfe County for a
groundbreaking for the new Louie B. Nunn / Cumberland Parkway interchange.

"This is an exciting time to be in Edmonton and Metcalfe County, because we've
been talking and working to try to make this happen for quite a while now," he
said.

The governor pointed out that roads connect communities, whether it be for work,
to buy groceries or to go to the hospital.

"They are really such a big part of our entire quality of life," he said. "If
you don't have good roads and you don't have good access, you sure know it.
Particularly, when you visit places that do have it."

The interchange is a $9.68 million project that will ease congestion around the
public square in downtown Edmonton and open the door for economic opportunities
not just for Metcalfe County, but other surrounding communities, he said.

Construction of the interchange will also include a new bridge on U.S. 68 over
the parkway and the reconstruction of sections of Harvey Hurt and Industrial
Park roads and Ky. 1243.

Among those who stand to benefit from the project is Keith Beckham, deputy
division manager for Sumitomo in Edmonton.

Beckham lives in Smiths Grove and commutes to Edmonton daily.

"For me personally, it will cut some time and miles each day, but for our
employees at Sumitomo it's really going to help them as well," he said, adding
it will mean shorter commutes to work and more free time.

As for the company itself, several trucks travel to and from the plant each day,
turning onto U.S. 68/Ky. 80 at the public square in downtown Edmonton to get to
the parkway.

"And basically, it shuts down traffic when they do that," he said. "It will be a
great benefit for the community and for our business."

Initial work on the project began in 2002, when James Comer, state agriculture
commissioner, was serving as a state representative.

"The 2002 session was a budget session and it was always in the six-year road
plan, but that was when we started trying to get money for it," he said.

Comer and other members of the Kentucky General Assembly at that time, including
former Sen. Richie Sanders and former Sen. David Williams, set aside money in
the state's budget for the acquisition of rights-of-way for the interchange.

"Sen. David Givens has worked very hard to get money for the construction part,"
Comer said. "It's really moved forward with Sen. Givens and the Beshear
administration."

Greg Meredith, chief district engineer for the Kentucky Transportation Cabinet's
District 3, said the project was promised about 25 years ago.

It was eventually identified in a 2007 planning study and added to the highway
plan in 2009.

The state has spent $1.1 million on design of the interchange and another $1
million to acquire properties. Twenty properties were purchased for the project
and a couple of residences were relocated, he said.

Utility relocation was taking place Wednesday.

The interchange was referred by Givens as being a  "a cornerstone project"
because of the corridor that is being developed along U.S. 68.

"This is going to provide access to the employees and the businesses here in the
industrial park. At the same time, it's going to provide some great access for
citizens in southern Green County and northern Metcalfe County to be able to go
west and south to get to I-65," he said.

Rep. Bart Rowland pointed out the interchange will also improve response time to
that particular section of the county for first responders, such as firefighters
and police officers, when there are emergency situations.

"If we get to do all the other things we've got in the road plan, like the
bypass around Edmonton and the rest of Ky. 163 south and tie it into the one
we've done in Monroe County over the last six years, this is just the first part
of making this corridor here that will hopefully extend to the Tennessee line,"
he said, adding there has been discussion about the corridor between Interstate
40 and Interstate 75 and said the new parkway interchange "is just another major
piece of that entire project."

Both Metcalfe County Judge-Executive Greg Wilson and Edmonton Mayor Howard
Garrett said they were glad to see construction of the interchange underway.

"This project is an absolute necessity and we have pushed hard to try to get
this done. We are so proud of it," Wilson said.

The project is anticipated being complete by December.

Read more in the print or digital Glasgow Daily Times.
http://glasgowdailytimes.cnhi.newsmemory.com/

1

___ (c)2014 the Glasgow Daily Times (Glasgow, Ky.) Visit the Glasgow Daily Times
(Glasgow, Ky.) at www.glasgowdailytimes.com Distributed by MCT Information
Services

LOAD-DATE: April 11, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20140410-GK-Beshear-presents-100K-check-to-Glasgow-for-landfill-methane-0410-201
40410

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: GK


                       Copyright 2014 Glasgow Daily Times


                              360 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                        Lincoln Journal Star (Nebraska)

                            March 15, 2000 Wednesday
                                  City Edition

Rural aid measure passes first round

BYLINE: NANCY HICKS Lincoln Journal Star

SECTION: B; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 610 words


A group of farmers in central and northeast Nebraska wants to sell natural beef
products to restaurants and grocery stores in Omaha, Lincoln and the West Coast.

But there's a hitch: They need money to help their Small Farms Cooperative
develop a business plan and market studies.

On Tuesday, the Legislature did its part to assist about a dozen farmers and
perhaps offer future encouragement to many more.

By a 40-0 vote, senators gave first-round approval to LB1348, the Nebraska
Agricultural and Rural Opportunities Act.

"We are going to see people leaving the land because they don't have the capital
to continue the farming," said Sen. Roger Wehrbein, a Plattsmouth farmer who
sponsored the bill.

"This bill will help the transition. Rural Nebraskans have got the spirit.
They've got the ability. But they need a little help."

LB1348 would provide $2 million over two years for grants ($75,000 maximum each)
that could be used for research, training, market development, business planning
assistance, cooperative development and farm or ranch value-added initiatives.

It also would raise money going into the Microenterprise Partnership Program to
$875,000 a year from $250,000 a year. In this program tax and private dollars
are used to help companies of fewer than six employees get loans.

These kinds of grants ultimately could help these farmers organize and sell
their beef at a premium.

Rural Nebraska needs this kind of a jump-start, according to Wehrbein.

Before the vote, a pessimistic Wehrbein described a bleak rural future: huge
farms, few family farmers and few jobs for those leaving the family farm.

He said his $3.75 million jump-start program, outlined in LB1348, is one small
answer to the huge transition facing the rural areas of Nebraska.

"We are going to see huge farms succeed in the next few years in Nebraska. And
we are not going to be able to stop it," said Wehrbein, an assessment echoed by
other rural senators.

Wehrbein pointed to what he said were millions of dollars in tax breaks given to
companies in urban areas and asked: "Why not do a lousy, measly $1 million a
year for rural Nebraska?"

LB1348 is the first of several bills targeting rural economic development to be
debated by the full Legislature. Though the opportunities act targets rural
Nebraska, rural areas have already benefited from federal and state dollars,
said Sen. Pam Brown of Omaha. That includes $437 million in federal payments to
farmers this year. In addition the Frito-Lay plant in Gothenburg and the Cargill
ethanol plant in Blair have used state tax incentives, she said. "I feel very
comfortable in supporting this bill," said Brown. "But I don't feel comfortable
making it sound like we have closed our eyes to agriculture (in the past)."

Lincoln Sen. Chris Beutler, who supported the measure, also used the bill to
point out water-quality problems created by nitrogen in farm fertilizers and the
need to continue a fertilizer tax scheduled to end Dec. 31.

Natural resources districts use the revenue from that fertilizer tax to pay for
important water-quality programs, said Beutler.

Farmers may not like the tax, said Beutler, "but they are the polluters."

Omaha Sen. Pam Redfield offered the only cautionary note on LB1348.
Organizations and businesses receiving grants can meet their 25 percent match of
state dollars with "in kind" contributions, rather than real money.

People are often more careful when they are required to make a cash investment,
she said.

"I'm not sure this is the best way."

Nancy Hicks can be reached at 473-7250 or nhicks@journalstar.com.

The following fields overflowed:

Keyword (KEYW) = Nebraska Agricultural and Rural Opportunities Act

LOAD-DATE: June 19, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2000 Lincoln Journal Star,
                              All Rights Reserved


                              361 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                     January 20, 1991, Sunday, City Edition

State grant clinches Wal-Mart project

BYLINE: ROBERT KEEFE; VICTORIA WHITE

SECTION: PASCO TIMES; Pg. 3

LENGTH: 605 words

DATELINE: BROOKSVILLE



The state Department of Commerce has agreed to spend $ 2-million for road
improvements in eastern Hernando County, clearing the biggest hurdle that
remained for Wal-Mart Stores Inc.  to build a giant distribution center near
Interstate 75.

    "We're elated," said James Kimbrough, a Brooksville banker who helped lure
Wal-Mart to the county. Kimbrough, along with Hernando County officials, lobbied
for the grant before the department's Economic Development Transportation
Committee on Friday.

    "This thing is going to help this entire region of Florida that's what I
shared with the DOC," said Kimbrough, whose family owns property around the
planned distribution center. "Their affirmative votes have helped diversify the
economy of this entire Citrus-Hernando-Pasco area."

    Wal-Mart announced last week that it would build the center on a 200-acre
site on Kettering Road just south of State Road 50 contingent on the county
getting the Commerce Department grant.

    The 1.1-million-square-foot distribution center is expected to employ 200
people when it opens in the fall of 1992, and 500 people by 1994. Employment
could continue to grow after that. Wal-Mart distribution centers elsewhere that
are comparable in size employ more than 1,200 people.

    The distribution center is expected to create an annual payroll of $
12-million or more, and add an estimated $ 278,000 a year to the county's tax
rolls.

    "What that does for a county like ours that has an unemployment of more than
7 percent is put us in a real good position," said County Commission Chairman
Harold Varvel, who also lobbied for the grant on Friday. "Especially in times
like these, when home construction is off like it is."

     The state money is earmarked for specific road improvements near the
center, said Department of Commerce spokeswoman Kathryn Foreman.

    They include removal of a bridge on SR 50 that crosses an abandoned railroad
line, enlarging Kettering Road to four lanes between SR 50 and the site, and
building an access road off SR 50.

    Friday's grant approval clears the way for the sale of the property by the
Urban Rural Development Corp. (URADCO) to Wal-Mart, which is expected to be
complete by the end of April, said Billy Brown, URADCO's executive vice
president.

    URADCO is a development subsidiary of the Withlacoochee River Electric
Cooperative.

    Brown, who also is general manager of the cooperative, said any profits from
the sale of the property will go toward the cooperative's capital fund. There,
the money may be used for future development projects, and some of it eventually
may filter down to cooperative members through lower or stable electricity
rates.

    Terms of the property transaction are not being disclosed.

    In addition to the state-financed road improvements, the county will spend
approximately $ 701,000 to improve water and sewer service to the Wal-Mart site
and adjacent property.

    That expenditure will be reimbursed by $ 307,000 in sewer-connection fees
Wal-Mart will pay and with fees paid by others who connect to the improvements
in the future, said County Utilities Manager Richard Radacky.

    Wal-Mart officials are expected to begin applying for county and Southwest
Florida Water Management District (Swiftmud) permits next month.

    Construction on the project is expected to begin in the fall.
 Staff writer Victoria White contributed to this report.

LOAD-DATE: November 12, 1992

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: PASCO TIMES; CITRUS TIMES

                            Times Publishing Company


                              362 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                     Valley Morning Star (Harlingen, Texas)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                               May 2, 2010 Sunday

Rural Willacy County to receive broadband services

BYLINE: Allen Essex, Valley Morning Star, Harlingen, Texas

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 831 words


May 2--RAYMONDVILLE -- A grant and loan package from the U.S. Department of
Agriculture will give residents of Willacy County and 19 other South Texas
counties a new opportunity for broadband Internet, telephone and television
service.

Valley Telephone Cooperative Inc., based in Raymondville, received a $38.5
million grant and $40 million loan after University of Texas-Pan American's
Texas Rural Cooperative Center spent more than a month surveying rural homes
from Lyford to the town of George West near Beeville to assess the need for
broadband service in the sparsely populated area, company officials said.

VTCI General Manager Dave Osborn said fiber optic cable will be laid throughout
the area, reaching almost to San Antonio, beginning this summer.

VTCI says the new service will provide reliable and affordable packages with
fast Internet service, storm-proof TV reception and home telephone service in a
bundle similar to packages offered by AT&T.

"It's comparable to Direct TV or DISH Network," Osborn said of the television
service.

Internet service for people with the basic $99-a-month service will be adequate
for most users, Osborn said.

While he did not know the exact Internet speed, he said it is 2 or 3 megabytes,
comparable to DSL service.

All old copper wire connections will be gone, Osborn said. "We'll have fiber
(optic cable) all the way to the side of the house."

"We'll have all the movie channels. We'll be adding Fox Regional Sports this
summer and we're rolling out the recording option this month," he said.

While a package of Internet, telephone and basic TV services can be obtained for
$99 a month, there will also be options such as movie channels, high definition
TV, HBO, Cinemax and other movie channels that can be had for additional
charges, he said.

Television service will also be carried over the fiber-optic cable rather than a
dish antenna, Osborn said.

That will prevent TV service interruption during thunderstorms as satellite dish
customers sometimes experience, he said. Telephone service will include caller
ID, voice mail and other features.

Research carried out by UTPA determined there is a great demand for modern
communications services, George Bernack, associate director of business
development at UTPA, said.

The research also made the grant and loan application more competitive, he said.

"This is a very important milestone because it provides the broadband
infrastructure necessary for us to be effective with our rural economic
development strategy," he said.

Expanding broadband services will allow existing businesses to grow in rural
areas as well as make more educational

opportunities available to students in rural areas, said Victor Vasquez, USDA
undersecretary for rural development.

Response to the new service in Frio County has been excellent, Osborn said.
"It's remarkable how thirsty some of these South Texas towns are for
state-of-the-art service," he said.

Spokespersons for other telephone and cable companies said they only serve
Raymondville and Lyford and have no plans to expand service into remote rural
counties north of Willacy.

In areas where Verizon has fiber optic cable service, such as North Texas, FIOS
packages are offered as low as $89.99 a month and include high speed Internet up
to 50 megabytes, basic cable and home telephone, Lee Gierczynski, a Verizon
spokesman, said.

But the package at that price offered only in Raymondville and Lyford is carried
on copper lines and has up to 3 megabytes, he said. There are no plans to expand
into the ranch country north of Raymondville, he said.

AT&T's most comparable bundle would be $101.94 for unlimited local/long distance
home phone services, DSL and Direct TV in Willacy County, said company spokesman
Kenny Hibbs.

"AT&T offers many bundles, including home phone, Internet and wireless package
for $99.94," he said.

"Most of our competitors do not offer wireless," he said.

As to VTCI's award of the grant/loan package, he said: "We fully support the
Obama administration's goal of providing access to 100 percent of the country.
We do think the money should focus on unserved areas rather than under-served
areas. That is the whole point of the program -- to provide broadband access
where it doesn't exist today."

Gavino Ramos, a spokesman for Time Warner Cable, said it is not possible to
fairly compare its Road Runner Internet service with its competitors' offerings.

"Road Runner speeds are much, much faster, sometimes two or three times as fast.
Plus, our phone (service) is an unlimited

nationwide calling plan," he said.

To see more of the Valley Morning Star, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.valleystar.com. Copyright (c) 2010, Valley Morning Star, Harlingen,
Texas Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: May 2, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20100502-HR-Rural-Willacy-County-to-receive-broadband-services-0502

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: HR


                       Copyright 2010 Valley Morning Star


                              363 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             October 3, 2016 Monday

Washington: Heitkamp Announces $200,000 in Federal Funding for North Dakota
Cooperatives

LENGTH: 233  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: Office of the Senator Heidi Heitkamp has issued the following news
release:



 U.S. Senator Heidi Heitkamp today announced $200,000 in federal funding for the
North Dakota Association of Rural Electric Cooperatives.





 The funding is provided by the U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA) and will
be used to provide cooperatives with technical assistance so they can better
service rural communities.



 "In North Dakota, we know that the cooperative model can be a recipe for
success - especially in rural communities," said Heitkamp. "This federal funding
will provide our rural cooperatives with an added boost to help create jobs and
opportunity throughout our state's more rural areas. From Beulah and Hazen to
Bowdon and Cavalier, this funding will provide the training and technical
assistance our rural cooperatives need."



 Specifically, the funds will help develop cooperative and community-owned child
care facilities in Hazen and Beulah, support local food initiatives by working
with Bowdon and Cavalier meat processing plants, and provide technical
assistance for cooperative housing in Wahpeton.



 USDA's Rural Cooperative Development Grant program provided the funding.
Projects across 22 states are receiving a total of $5.8 million through the
program.







 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 3, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              364 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                              The Bismarck Tribune

                             October 5, 2008 Sunday

Zorells raises $5K for Make a Wish

SECTION: MONEY; Pg. 1B-6B

LENGTH: 1041 words


The Partners Internship Program that grants internship awards to nonprofit
organizations in Minnesota, North Dakota and northwestern Wisconsin has
scheduled a series of informational sessions in North Dakota.

Eligible organizations must have 501(c)(3) or (4) status.

The schedule:

* Monday, 4 p.m., Moorhead, Minn., at PEPP office, 116 12th St. S., phone
218-236-5434.

* Tuesday, 8:30 a.m., Grand Forks, The Link Community Room, 300 Cherry St.,
701-746-2580.

* Tuesday, 3:30 p.m., Minot, Bremer Bank Community Room, 20 First St. S.W,,
701-825-3361.

* Wednesday, 11:30 a.m. Bismarck, brown bag lunch at Bismarck Public Library,
515 N. Fifth St., 222-6410.

* Wednesday, 4 p.m., Dickinson, Dickinson Public Schools Central Office Board
Room, 444 Fourth St. W., 701-456-0002.

RSVP to pip@hecua.org is requested. For more information, visit www.hecua.org
/pip.php.

WASHINGTON - Sen. Kent Conrad, D-N.D., recently met with Jamestown, N.D., native
Charlie Kourajian to congratulate him for being named North Dakota's Experience
Works Outstanding Older Worker of the Year.

"Charlie has lived a life of service to his country, his state and his
community. This award celebrates his commitment to making Jamestown a better
place to live," Conrad said. "Charlie has shown that you can have a positive
impact on your community at any age."

A former Jamestown mayor, Kourajian, 77, now sits on the city council, where he
has served for more than two decades. He also helped organize Jamestown's 125th
anniversary celebration and produces a monthly newsletter called The Downtowner.

AARP Tax-Aide, a free, volunteer-run tax counseling and preparation service,
seeks volunteers across North Dakota to help people prepare and file their
income tax returns.

Each year from Feb. 1 through April 15, AARP Tax-Aide volunteers prepare federal
and state tax returns for low- and middle-income taxpayers.

Volunteers of all ages and backgrounds are welcome. Volunteers receive free tax
training and reimbursement for qualified program-related expenses.

This year, 100 volunteers helped 6,110 people with their tax returns at 18
locations across the state.

For more information on becoming a volunteer, contact coordinator Muriel
Peterson at 258-5993 or e-mail muriel@bis.midco.net. People can also apply to
become a volunteer on the AARP Web site at www.aarp.org/taxaide.

The North Dakota Insurance Department's State Health Insurance Counseling
program has received a performance award of $32,319 for outstanding achievements
in 2007 from the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services.

North Dakota's SHIC program performance ranked second in the nation and first in
a group of nine similar-sized states.

"This award will allow us to reach out to more North Dakotans with questions
about Medicare, medications and health insurance," Insurance Commissioner Adam
Hamm said. "I'm proud of the people in the Insurance Department whose hard work
achieved this recognition from the federal government."

SHIC offers free and confidential help with Medicare and other health insurance.
For more information, call 888-575-6611 or visit www.nd.gov/ndins.

The Anne Carlsen Center of Jamestown will be sharing its assistive technology
expertise with the rest of the world by participating in Closing the Gap, an
international conference that focuses on assistive technology and education,
Oct. 13-18 in Minneapolis.

"This conference is a good chance for us to keep up with what is new and what is
cutting edge," said Mark Coppin, Anne Carlsen Center assistive technology
director. "We get to meet vendors and national speakers and develop
relationships with them."

Once vendors and companies are aware of the center, they may send software or
equipment to the Jamestown campus to be tested. Through this testing, the Anne
Carlsen Center keeps current on new technologies, as well as giving input on
ways to help individuals with disabilities.

ACC will be represented by Coppin and five other employees at the conference.

The North Dakota Association of Rural Electric Cooperatives was recently awarded
a $200,000 Rural Cooperative Development Grant from the U.S. Department of
Agriculture Rural Development.

Clare Carlson, N.D. state director of USDA Rural Development, said the purpose
of the grant is to help foster the development of rural enterprises.

NDAREC will use the grant monies to provide technical assistance to new and
existing cooperatives, particularly in the industries of alternative energy,
rural cooperative housing and dairy, and to provide education and training to
developing businesses.

"We are pleased to partner with USDA Rural Development in growing the rural
economy of North Dakota," said Dennis Hill, executive vice president and general
manager of NDAREC. "This grant allows us to provide technical assistance in
areas of the state that are often underserved or do not have access to other
economic development services."

For NDAREC, this is the 14th RCDG grant received since 1994.

North Dakota Insurance Commissioner Adam Hamm has advised consumers with AIG
insurance policies to be careful if approached to purchase replacement policies.

"AIG's insurance companies are financially sound and are able to pay claims,"
Hamm said. "If someone tries to sell you a replacement policy claiming that an
AIG insurance company is in financial trouble, please call the Insurance
Department before you make a decision."

The company's problems deal with AIG's holding company, not the individual
company subsidiaries with which consumers do business, he said.

Hamm said replacing a life insurance policy or an annuity can have hidden costs
and tax consequences. Other types of policies sometimes have cancellation
penalties.

The local Make a Wish chapter was the beneficiary of $5,000 raised in September
through a promotion at Zorells Jewelry in Bismarck.

Tim Ell, Zorells president, last year came up with the idea of inserting
gemstones into balloons that customers can purchase, pop and keep the contents.
Zorells donated the gemstones and advertising, and all balloon proceeds went to
Make a Wish.

"It takes approximately $5,000 to grant the wish of a terminally ill child, our
goal wsa to raise enough money to help grant that wish, and I am very proud to
announce that we did it," Ell said.

LOAD-DATE: October 6, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


       Copyright 2008 The Bismarck Tribune, a division of Lee Enterprises
                              All Rights Reserved


                              365 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                           Bangor Daily News (Maine)

                            October 10, 2008 Friday
                                  All Editions

Program offers sustainable agriculture grants

SECTION: Pg. B5

LENGTH: 335 words

DATELINE: AUGUSTA


The Northeast Sustainable Agriculture Research and Education program is offering
grants for projects that explore new ideas in sustainable food and fiber
production. Three of these grant programs have application deadlines in
December, with awards announced in the early spring.

Farmer grants are for commercial farmers who want to test a new practice or
idea, often by conducting an experiment, trial or on-farm demonstration.
Projects can explore a wide range of topics such as pest management, soil
health, adding value, cover crops, grazing, marketing, livestock herd health or
new production techniques. Funds can be used to pay for the farmer's time and
for materials specific to the project. Awards are capped at $10,000 and the
application deadline is Dec. 16.

Sustainable community grants are for projects that connect farming and economic
development. Projects can address issues like finance, marketing, land and water
use, enterprise development, adding value to farm products or farm labor.
Applicants must be affiliated with an organization such as a community
nonprofit, Cooperative Extension, local government, educational institution,
planning board, farming cooperative or an incorporated citizens group. This
grant is offered in partnership with the Northeast Center for Rural Development.
Awards are capped at $25,000 and the application deadline is Dec. 2.

Partnership grants are for Cooperative Extension, NRCS and other agricultural
service providers who work directly with farmers. Partnership grants support
on-farm research and demonstration projects that address a wide range of topics
in sustainable agriculture, and funds can be used to pay for personnel,
materials, sampling, supplies, testing and to compensate cooperating farmers for
their time. Awards are capped at $10,000 and the application deadline is Dec. 9.

Applications for all three grant programs are posted on the Northeast SARE Web
site at www.uvm.edu/~nesare or applicants may call 802-656-0471 to request a
printed copy.

LOAD-DATE: October 10, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2008 Bangor Daily News


                              366 of 998 DOCUMENTS

              Copyright 2017 GlobalData Ltd., All Rights Reserved
                              GlobalData - Events

                                January 25, 2017

                     Tri-County Electric Cooperative, Inc.

                             600 North West Parkway
                                   Azle 76020
                                 United States

* * * * * * * * * * EVENTS * * * * * * * * * *


Tri-County Electric Cooperative, Inc. and Today's Power, Inc. to dedicate
Oklahoma's first community solar program

   Apr 11, 2016

   Today's Power, Inc. (TPI), a wholly owned subsidiary of Arkansas Electric
Cooperatives, Inc. (AECI), and Tri-County Electric Cooperative, Inc. (TCEC) of
Hooker, Okla. will dedicate Oklahoma's first community solar field on April 26.
The one-megawatt AC solar array will offer TCEC members the opportunity to
purchase solar energy produced by the system.According to Michael Henderson,
president of TPI, the solar project, a Ten K Solar REFLECT XT-26 photovoltaic
system, maximizes economic and operational efficiencies based on TCEC's load
profile, wholesale power supply billing, strategic goals and other factors."Our
solar offering provides maximum energy density and requires approximately 40
percent less space than traditional systems," he said. "Tri-County's community
solar facility is projected to generate 50,473,300 kilowatt-hours of nonemitting
energy over its 25-year useful life." Henderson said, "TPI's innovative
financial transaction structure has no up-front capital costs and effectively
provides a 50 percent discount below the actual installed cost. The solar array
will result in TCEC reducing its wholesale power costs, while applying the
savings toward the solar system. TCEC's energy cost of the solar system is
projected to be approximately 1.7 cents per kilowatt hour." The projected
economic benefits were independently verified by Guernsey Engineering.
"Tri-County Electric is dedicated to providing our members with reliable
electricity in a cost-effective manner," said Jack Perkins, CEO of TCEC, a
23,000-member system. "Our board works to meet the needs of our membership both
today and in the future. The TPI solar product will provide TCEC's members the
ability to subscribe to the output of a synthetic panel for approximately $340
per panel. Access to reasonably-priced renewable energy is something our members
requested." Jack Perkins said the project will not be subsidized by members that
choose not to participate, but does reflect TCEC's commitment to the community.
'Providing our members with access to affordable electricity for the next 25
years is an example of how our cooperatives make decisions from a long-term
perspective," said Zac Perkins, COO of Tri-County. "We are excited to dedicate
this community solar field and invite our members to join the dedication event.


Survalent Technology Commissions New SCADA System for the Tri-County Electric
Cooperative, Florida

   Sep 03, 2013

   Survalent Technology, the most trusted provider of smart grid solutions for
the control room, announced today that it has commissioned a new Supervisory
Control and Data Acquisition (SCADA) system for the Tri-County Electric
Cooperative, Florida.Tri-County Electric is a Touchstone Energy Cooperative,
providing electric service to 17,558 residential, commercial, and industrial
consumers in rural north Florida. TCEC serves Madison, Taylor, and Jefferson
Counties, and is headquartered in Madison, Florida. TCEC was established in 1940
and maintains 2978 miles of power lines.The new system features Survalent's
highly available, open-architecture system based on Windows Server. It includes
several of Survalent's open system applications, including: WorldView, Command
Sequence, Event Data Recording, SCADA Add-In, IED Wizard and Control Panel,
Master/Slave Alarm Suppression, System Configuration Status, Operations and
Outages Accounting, NDA API/PI Interface, Load Curtailment, Power Factor
Control, and Virtual RTU. "We welcome Tri-County Electric Cooperative to our
ever growing family of SCADA customers," states Mike Roth, VP of Sales for
Central US. "The new SCADA system will allow Tri-County Electric to automate
their distribution network operations in order to minimize outages and increase
operational efficiency By using WebSurv and SurvCentral, Tri-County Electric
will benefit of an optimized viewing of their SCADA information on mobile
devices such as smartphones or tablets."


MPSC Approves Settlement Agreement With Eight Electric Cooperatives Affecting
Energy Optimization Surcharges

   Nov 10, 2011

   The Michigan Public Service Commission (MPSC) approved a settlement agreement
dealing with the energy optimization plans and surcharges for eight electric
cooperatives.In case no. U-16881, a residential customer of Cloverland Electric
Cooperative (Cloverland) using 500kWh of electricity a month will see an
increase of 29 cents on their monthly billa residential customer of Cloverland's
Edison Sault legacy territory using the same amount will see an increase of 15
cents on their monthly bill.In case no. U-16882, a residential customer of Great
Lakes Energy Cooperative using 500kWh of electricity a month will see an
increase of 20 cents on their monthly bill. In case no. U-16883, a residential
customer of Midwest Energy Cooperative using 500kWh of electricity a month will
see an increase of 34 cents on their monthly bill. In case no. U-16884, a
residential customer of Ontonagon County Rural Electrification Association using
500kWh of electricity a month will see an increase of 17 cents on their monthly
bill. In case no. U-16885, a residential customer of Presque Isle Electric & Gas
Co-op using 500kWh of electricity a month will see an increase of 33 cents on
their monthly bill. In case no. U-16687, a residential customer of Thumb
Electric Cooperative of Michigan using 500kWh of electricity a month will see an
increase of 41 cents on their monthly bill. The collection of the surcharges
established in these energy optimization plans will begin on and after January
1, 2012. The settlement also included Alger Delta Cooperative Electric
Association (case no. U-16678) and Tri-County Electric Cooperative, Inc. (case
no. U-16687). Since they are member regulated, no surcharge approval is
necessary by the MPSC, pursuant to Public Act 167 of 2008.


USDA Announces Funding To Reduce Energy Costs For Rural Small Businesses

   Nov 09, 2011

   The U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA) is funding projects to harness
wind, solar, geothermal and hydroelectric power to reduce energy costs for farms
and small business across rural America.One of the projects announced will
assist Hawkeye Tri-County Electric Cooperative in Cresco, Iowa, to install a
geothermal heating and cooling system in its headquarters building. Coon Valley
Turkeys, LLC, in Lake View, Iowa, is receiving funding to install a wind turbine
to offset the cost of electricity. Gary Larson of Underwood, Iowa, will receive
assistance to install a geothermal heating and cooling system in a shop that
services his farming operations.Below is a complete list of funding recipients
announced: Alaska Sea Lion Corp.- $50,000 grant wind project Colorado Avalanche
Ranch- $300,000 grant geothermal generation Connecticut Putnam Green Power-
$275,000 grant hydro electric Iowa Blake Organic Farms- $5,230 grant Feed Mill
energy project CPU Property Management- $12,667 grant geothermal Don Johnston
Construction- $15,937 grant wind generation E-4 Sons Company- $7,171 grant
geothermal Energique, Inc- $20,000 grant geothermal Heritage Wood Products-
$15,610 grant geothermal John Oliver- $18,065 grant wind Kevin Eisenman- $11,849
grant geothermal MJF Roadhouse- $7,607 grant geothermal Rick Ryan- $15,849 grant
geothermal Coon Valley Turkeys- $50,000 grant wind Dennis Smith, Inc.- $29,694
grant, $59,388 loan, geothermal Gary Larson- $49,727 grant geothermal Hawkeye
Tri-County Electric Cooperative- $50,000 grant geothermal Thomas Rabel- $39,949
grant wind-solar Thorsen Brothers, Inc.- $39,703 grant wind Crystal 28 LLP-
$36,750 grant wind Kansas Cornwell Farms- $14,262 grant geothermal BCP
Centerwind- $50,000 grant wind BCP Eastwind- $50,000 grant wind BCP Westwind-
$50,000 grant wind Pestinger Beverage Co.- $19,750 grant wind Maryland Iager
Brothers- $78,800 grant dolar electric Massachusetts Mill Valley Associates-
$89,636 grant solar electric Michigan Brad Hagen- $17,002 grant geothermal Jade-
$20,000 grant solar, geothermal Reinbold Organic Farms- $20,000 grant geothermal
Meadowridge Inc.- $46,377 grant greenhouse efficiency Lonnie Irion- $35,724
grant solar, geothermal William Ankley- $30,000 grant solar electric Minnesota
Byron Klaassen- $9,260 grant geothermal Federated Rural Electric- $12,165 grant
geothermal Gary Carlson- $9,767 grant geothermal Hammer Ag Sales- $6,565 grant
geothermal James Behrends- $11,526 grant geothermal Jared Ahlers- $6,500 grant
geothermal Jonathan Wenzel- $10,085 grant geothermal Nobles Cooperative
Electric- $14,880 grant geothermal Thomas Olsem- $6,332 grant geothermal Willis
Sandbulte- $4,956 grant geothermal Nebraska Michelle Huddle- $11,058 grant
geothermal Tekolste Enterprises- $19,750 grant wind New Jersey David Ackley-
$20,000 grant solar electric 9 Main St. LLC- $442,750 grant solar electric
Auburn Road Enterprises- $32,571 grant solar electric Blairwood Farms, Inc.-
$49,975 grant solar electric Harvery's Honey Inc.- $50,000 grant solar electric
Outnumbered Energy- $254,852 grant solar electric Provision Energy- $129,630
grant solar electric Provision Energy- $161,797 grant solar electric Waldac
Farm- $133,245 grant solar electric New York Micosta Enterprises- $19,860 grant
solar/geothermal North Carolina Mayberry Solar LLC- $4m loan solar Oregon EZ
Orchards- $123,413 grant solar electric EBD Hydro- $7.2m loan hydro electric
Utah BMB Enterprises- $500,000 grant hydro electric Vermont Green Mountain Env.-
$49,325 grant hydro Wisconsin Scenic View Organic Eggs- $31,057 grant solar
electric USDA funding is being provided through the Rural Energy for America
Program (REAP) and is contingent on the recipient meeting the conditions of the
grant or loan agreement. REAP grants can finance up to 25% of a project's cost,
up to $500,000 for renewable energy systems and $250,000 for energy efficiency
improvements.


USDA Announces Funding To Improve Rural Electric Service

   Oct 13, 2011

   The U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA) announced funding for rural
electric cooperative utilities to improve distribution systems and smart grid
technologies in 27 states, as part of the Obama administration's continued focus
on investments in infrastructure that create rural jobs.The announcement was
made on the secretary's behalf by Dallas Tonsager, agriculture under secretary
for rural development, during a speech to the National Rural Electric
Association regional meeting in Denver, where he also stressed the importance of
the American Jobs Act to spur job creation throughout the country.Tom Vilsack,
USDA's secretary, said, "This investment in the electric grid will help address
the growing need for electric service nationwide and spur job creation by
building out rural infrastructure," Vilsack said. "Smart grid technology can
help better manage power use, provide rate stability for businesses and create
the climate for job growth in rural America." Over $2.1 billion in loans are
provided by USDA's Rural Utilities Service, a Rural Development Agency, to help
rural electric utilities build and upgrade rural America's electric
infrastructure. These projects will fund over $40m in smart grid technologies
and will build or improve nearly 6,000 miles of line. Funding for distribution
cooperatives, which provide power to consumers, will benefit over 38,000 rural
businesses and residents. Included in the funding are three loans for Colorado
projects that will help keep electricity reliable and affordable for rural
communities. Gunnison County Electric Association will receive over $7m to build
or improve nearly 60 miles of lineover $1m of those funds will go to smart grid
technology. A loan of over $35m to Highline Electric Association will build or
improve over 280 miles of line and includes over $2m for smart grid technology.
Tri-State Generation and Transmission Association, Inc, owned by 44 distribution
cooperatives, will build or improve over 150 miles of transmission line, upgrade
substations and invest over $9m in smart grid technology with a total of $132m
in loan funds. In Virginia, a loan of $90m to Northern Virginia Electric
Cooperative will be used to build a 49.9 MW woody biomass generation facility.
The project is projected to cover approximately 6% of the cooperative's future
power needs for the years 2014 through 2030. In Georgia, a loan of almost $30m
to Amicalola Electric Membership Corporation will be used to build or improve
over 250 miles of transmission line. The loan amount includes $9,402,000 in
smart grid projects, which help utilities better manage electricity needs and
improve operational efficiencies. These investments also help rural utilities
improve their delivery and storage of renewable energy to generate electricity.
Funding is contingent upon the recipient meeting the terms of the loan
agreement.


Tri-County Electric Deploys New Two-Way AMI In Beaver

   Mar 23, 2010

   Tri-County Electric Cooperative, Inc. (Tri-County Electric) is deploying a
full two-way advanced metering infrastructure (AMI) to its entire service
territory. About 23,000 meters will be converted by the end of 2011. Contractor
crews for the cooperative, along with cooperative employees, will be switching
out meters systematically in the town of Beaver beginning March 23, 2010.The
move to AMI is strategic for the cooperative as it brings many benefits to its
members. A few of the benefits include: Lower operational costs such those for
meter reading and transportation. Reduced need to access people property to read
their meters. Improved call resolutionâ[#x20ac]" the AMI system will give
employees the ability to provide members with more detailed information such as
power consumption patterns, outage and blink count history, voltage information
and reducing high bill inquiries. Better outage management. Reduced employee
injuries, especially in areas with fenced yards, dogs and landscaping.


Six Co-Ops Sign Agreements To Install Aclara's AMI Solution

   Feb 22, 2008

   Stearns Electric Association, Bandera Electric Cooperative, Inc., Black River
Electric Cooperative, Inc., Tri-County Electric Cooperative, Inc., CMS Electric
Cooperative, Inc. and Lyntegar Electric Cooperative signed agreements for the
installation of Aclara Software Inc.'s (Aclara's) two-way automatic
communications system (TWACS) advanced metering infrastructure (AMI) solution,
METERING.COM reported.The TWACS system uses the existing power lines to transmit
data from electric meters so companies can manage customer data and reduce costs
while providing customer service.Jim Andrus, vice president of sales at Aclara,
said, We are pleased that the cooperative market continues to rely on Aclara's
TWACS solutions to meet meter-reading and AMI requirements. The technology
provides a solid metering foundation and delivers valuable data for timely
billing, load control, demand response, and outage detection and assessment.
* * * * * * * * * * OTHER AVAILABLE REPORTS * * * * * * * * * *
Company Overview                        Events
Key Employees                           Key Facts
Locations and Subsidiaries              Major Products and Services
Top Competitors

 * * * * * * * * * * NOTE * * * * * * * * * *

   GlobalData uses a range of research techniques to gather and verify its
information and analysis. These include primary research, in-house knowledge and
expertise, proprietary databases, and secondary sources such as company
websites, annual reports, SEC filings and press releases. Disclaimer: No part of
this publication may be reproduced, stored in a retrieval system or transmitted
in any form by any means, electronic, mechanical, photocopying, recording or
otherwise, without the prior permission of the publisher, GlobalData. The facts
of this report are believed to be correct at the time of publication but cannot
be guaranteed. Please note that the findings, conclusions and recommendations
that GlobalData delivers will be based on information gathered in good faith
from both primary and secondary sources, whose accuracy we are not always in a
position to guarantee. As such GlobalData can accept no liability whatever for
actions taken based on any information that may subsequently prove to be
incorrect.

LOAD-DATE: January 25, 2017


                              367 of 998 DOCUMENTS



              The Lake Metigoshe Mirror (Bottineau, North Dakota)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                  June 3, 2015

Implement receives $1 million loan through SRT

BYLINE: The Lake Metigoshe Mirror staff

LENGTH: 431  words


SRT Communications presented Moure Equipment, dba Gooseneck Implement, with a
check for $1 million from the U.S. Department of Agriculture's Rural Utilities
Service program (RUS).

The RUS Rural Economic Development Loan and Grant program (REDLG) allows
utilities to serve as a pass through to local businesses with projects that will
create and retain employment in rural areas.

SRT previously received RUS funding for telecommunications projects and is able
to serve as the lending agent for this zero interest loan. The $1 million loan
is being used to partially fund Gooseneck Implement's Velva Store, which opened
on April 1, 2015 and features 39,800 square feet, of which approximately 16,000
square feet is dedicated to a showroom and 23,800 square feet to house the
service department and parts department. In addition, the store created 7 new
jobs.

"SRT's Board of Directors recognizes the importance of a rural development
program such as this. Not only has our own cooperative been a past recipient of
RUS funding to develop our own infrastructure but we are now also able to help
create more jobs in one of the communities we serve."' said Steve Lysne, SRT CEO
& General Manager. "We understand the unique funding opportunity that presents
us and are proud to partner with Gooseneck Implement." This is the second REDLG
project SRT has administered.

"Our investment into a new facility in Velva confirms our commitment to the
community, our employees, and our customers, and will position us to remain
relevant in the agricultural industry long-term," said Jamie Melgaard, Gooseneck
CEO & General Manager. "We are extremely excited to provide our employees a
safer, more productive work environment, which in turn will enable us to provide
better support to our customers."

SRT Communications is the state's largest telephone cooperative. SRT has served
the telecommunications needs of north central North Dakota since 1931, employs
more than 200 people, and serves over 48,000 customers.

Gooseneck Implement is a multi-store location John Deere dealership with
locations in Minot, Kenmare, Mohall, Stanley, Velva, Rugby, Harvey and
Willis-ton. The company has sold agricultural machinery and provided support in
sales, parts and service to area farmers since 1974. Gooseneck made an
investment in the community of Velva to meet the needs of our customers for
today and into the future.

The RUS Rural Economic Development Loan and Grant program (REDLG) allows
utilities to serve as a pass through to local businesses with projects that will
create and retain employment in rural areas.

LOAD-DATE: May 21, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Accomplishment

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: LMT

                      Copyright 2015 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
       Copyright 2015 The Lake Metigoshe Mirror (Bottineau, North Dakota)


                              368 of 998 DOCUMENTS

              Copyright 2017 GlobalData Ltd., All Rights Reserved
                              GlobalData - Events

                                January 30, 2017

                      Pennyrile Rural Electric Cooperative

                      2000 Harrison Street, P.O. Box 2900
                               Hopkinsville 42241
                                 United States

* * * * * * * * * * EVENTS * * * * * * * * * *


Pennyrile Electric Names New President/CEO

   Mar 02, 2015

   The Board of Directors is pleased to announce Greg Grissom as the new
President/CEO of Pennyrile Electric, effective March 2, 2015.Mr. Grissom has
served as President/CEO of the Hickman Fulton Electric Cooperative in Hickman,
KY since November, 2000. He graduated with a Bachelor of Science from Murray
State University. Greg and his wife, Denise, have two children, Anna Gregory and
Greyson.Chairman of Pennyrile Electric's Board of Directors, Bryson Price says,
"Our entire board is really pleased to choose Greg Grissom as our new
President/CEO. He is an industry leader, has shown the ability, and has the
experience to carry on the excellent leadership that Eston Glover, Jr. has
provided to this cooperative during his time as President/CEO. We are excited
for Pennyrile's future and we look forward to working with Greg.".


Kentucky Governor Announces Energy And Environment Efficiency Grant

   Dec 19, 2012

   The governor of Kentucky announced that 13 organizations are receiving grant
funding under the 2011 settlement agreement between the U.S. Environmental
Protection Agency and the Tennessee Valley Authority (TVA). The recipients
include education, housing, agricultural and economic development organizations
and projects.The settlement is a result from alleged violations of the Clean Air
Act that requires TVA to invest in new and upgraded pollution controls that will
reduce pollution, save energy and protect public health and the environment.As
part of the settlement, Kentucky will receive $11.2m over a five-year period to
implement environmental mitigation projects. The organizations and projects or
programs that have received grants are: Kentucky School Boards Association
(KSBA): KSBA is awarded $700,000 to support the School Energy Managers Project
in school districts in and adjacent to the TVA service counties. Based on actual
progress of the program to date, the project expects to produce $2.4m in annual
energy cost avoidance by FY 2016. Pennyrile Rural Electric Cooperative
(Pennyrile RECC): Pennyrile RECC is awarded $3.1m to support construction of a 5
MW solar photovoltaic project at Fort Campbell in Christian county. The grant is
leveraged with more than $15m in financing support from Fort Campbell. The
completed system will generate more than 6,651 MWh/year of electricity, enough
to power 463 homes, while avoiding 4.7 million tons per year of CO2 emission.
Kentucky Housing Corporation (KHC): KHC is awarded $3m to support the ongoing KY
Home Performance Program. The grant will fund three years of program operations
during which at least 611 additional energy efficient units will be completed.
The program will focus primarily on owner-occupied, single-family energy
efficiency loans ranging from $1,000-$25,000 per home. Governor's Office of
Agricultural Policy (GOAP): GOAP is awarded $750,000 to support the Kentucky
On-Farm Efficiency and Production project. This is a statewide loan program that
offers farmers up to $15,000 to adopt new technologies, renovate existing
facilities, produce energy related crops and invest in other energy efficient
measures. GOAP will invest half of the program loan funds in TVA service area
counties. Murray State University: Murray State University is awarded $309,000
to install, test and demonstrate a biomass heating system at its Equine Center.
The Bio Burner Units will offset fossil fuel energy with renewable energy at a
rate of 40 MWh per year of electricity. One of the units will be portable in
order to demonstrate a biomass-to-energy model to area farmers, industry and
others. Fayette County Public Schools: Fayette County Public Schools is awarded
$335,000 to support completion of the integrated live energy metering project.
The project comprises live energy monitoring equipment, live data analysis
software, and a district-wide public-facing energy and sustainability education
portal. Perdue Farms Incorporated: Perdue Farms is awarded $145,000 to support a
project to divert poultry waste from the landfill to an anaerobic digestion and
generator system. The result of the project will be the removal of 1,500 tons
per year of organic waste from the county landfill and the subsequent generation
of 620 MWh/year of electricity. Egg shell solids separated from the organic
waste will provide additional beneficial uses currently lost to the landfill.
Bowling Green Independent Schools: Bowling Green Independent Schools is awarded
$34,000 to purchase and install a solar thermal domestic hot water system for
the school kitchen as well as a solar photovoltaic system to offset a portion of
the total building energy. In addition to saving over 140 Mbtu/year of fossil
fuel heating, the systems will be incorporated into the school's science
curriculum as teaching tools. Southern Tier Housing Corporation, London:
Southern Tier Housing Corporation is awarded $504,000 to support energy modeling
and design research to develop more cost effective and energy efficient
Houseboats to Energy Efficient Residences (HBEER) factory-built structures. The
project will include construction of four new energy efficient, factory-built
structures equipped with photovoltaic generation systems to be installed in the
Kentucky TVA service area. Hickman-Fulton Counties RECC: Hickman-Fulton RECC is
awarded $316,000 to support a project to replace inefficient outdoor lighting
fixtures with energy efficient, long-life bulbs. The project will save more than
600 MWh/year of electricity and reduce CO2 emission by more than 440 tons/year.
Mountain Association for Community Economic Development (MACED): MACED is
awarded $300,000 to support the On-Bill Financing Residential Energy Efficiency
Retrofit Program. Under the grant funding the program will perform 150 energy
efficient retrofits in area residences. The retrofits will save approximately
825 MWh/year of electricity representing more than $90,000 a year of savings on
participating customers' utility bills. Department for Local Government (DLG):
DLG is awarded $1.2m to support continuation of the Energy Efficiency and
Conservation Block Grant program. Lord Corporation, Bowling Green: Lord is
awarded $504,000 to facilitate improvements to the site's chilled water and
boiler plants. Savings achieved from the project comprise more than 1,256
MWh/year of electricity and more than 113,000 therms/year of natural gas.


USDA Announces Funding To Improve Rural Electric Service In 18 States

   Aug 09, 2012

   The U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA) announced that rural electric
utilities in 18 states will receive loan guarantees to make improvements to
electric lines, transmission facilities and to reduce peak electric loads by
deploying smart grid technologies.The cooperative is using funds to build and
improve a distribution line, transmission line, and will invest almost $7.4m for
smart grid system enhancements. In all, service will be upgraded for about 1,500
Southside Electric Cooperative members.With this funding, USDA Rural Development
moves closer to reaching secretary of US's goal to fund more than $250m for
smart grid technologies. The announcement includes support for nearly $29m in
smart grid projects. In all, USDA is investing more than $420m in rural electric
infrastructure. The following is a list of rural utilities that will receive
USDA funding, which is contingent upon the recipient meeting the terms of the
loan agreement. Idaho/Oregon/Washington Clearwater Power Company -- More than
$13.5m. Funds will vey used to serve about 500 consumers, build and improve 132
miles of distribution line and five miles of transmission line, and make other
system improvements. Indiana Whitewater Valley Rural Electric Membership
Corporation â[#x20ac]" $12m. Funds will be used to serve 240 consumers, build
and improve 121 miles of distribution line, and make other system improvements.
The loan includes $519,405 in smart grid projects. Kansas Leavenworth-Jefferson
Electric Cooperative, Inc. â[#x20ac]" $7.58m. Funds will be used to serve 375
consumers, build and improve 100 miles of distribution line, and make other
system improvements. The loan amount includes $104,028 in smart grid projects.
Kentucky Pennyrile Rural Electric Cooperative Corporation â[#x20ac]" More than
$22.8m. Funds will be used to serve about 2,800 customers, build and improve 248
miles of distribution and make other system improvements. The loan amount
includes $232,800 in smart grid projects. Warren Rural Electric Cooperative
Corporation â[#x20ac]" $13m. Funds will be used to serve about 3,300 consumers,
build and improve 216 miles of distribution line, and make other system
improvements. Minnesota Lake Region Electric Cooperative â[#x20ac]" More than
$27m. Funds will be used to serve about 1,300 consumers, build and improve 151
miles of distribution line, and make other system improvements. The loan amount
includes more than $3.29m in smart grid projects. Mississippi Coast Electric
Power Association â[#x20ac]" More than $51.7m. Funds will be used to serve 9,240
consumers, build and improve 246 miles of distribution line, and make other
system improvements. The loan amount includes $128,000 in smart grid projects.
North Carolina Central Electric Membership Corporation â[#x20ac]" $22m. Funds
will be used to serve about 2,800 consumers, build and improve 102 miles of
distribution line, and make other system improvements. The loan amount includes
$278,800 in smart grid projects. New York Steuben Rural Electric Cooperative,
Inc. â[#x20ac]" More than $9.3m. Funds will be used to serve 318 consumers,
build and improve 121 miles of distribution line, and make other system
improvements. The loan amount includes $706,050 in smart grid projects. Oklahoma
Northwestern Electric Cooperative, Inc. â[#x20ac]" More than $18.3m. Funds will
be used to serve 912 customers, build and improve 134 miles of distribution
line, and make other system improvements. The loan amount includes $843,400 in
smart grid projects. South Carolina Central Electric Power Cooperative, Inc.
â[#x20ac]" More than $44.3m. Funds will be used to build 77 miles of new
transmission line. South Dakota/Minnesota East River Electric Power Cooperative,
Inc. â[#x20ac]" More than $62.2m. Funds will be used to build 44 miles of
transmission line, three new substations, and make other system improvements.
The loan amount includes more than $3.9m in smart grid projects. South
Dakota/Iowa/Minnesota Sioux Valley â[#x20ac]" Southwestern Electric Cooperative,
Inc â[#x20ac]" More than $39m. Funds will be used to serve over 1,400 consumers,
build and improve 618 miles of distribution line, and make other system
improvements. The loan amount includes more than $3.5m in smart grid projects.
South Dakota/Montana/North Dakota Grand Electric Cooperative, Inc. â[#x20ac]"
More than $14m. Funds will be used to serve 153 consumers, build and improve 185
miles of distribution line and 1 mile of transmission line and make other system
improvements. The loan amount includes more than $1.48m in smart grid projects.
Texas Comanche County Electric Cooperative Association â[#x20ac]" More than
$18.46m. Funds will be used to serve 1,068 customers, build and improve 143
miles of distribution line, and make other system improvements. The loan amount
includes more than $6.5 in smart grid projects. Virginia Southside Electric
Cooperative â[#x20ac]" More than $44.8m. Funds will be used to serve 1,460
customers, build and improve over 700 miles of distribution line and 9 miles of
transmission line, and make other system improvements. The loan amount includes
more than $7.3m in smart grid projects. Funding is provided by USDA Rural
Development's Rural Utilities Service. The loans help electric utilities
upgrade, expand, maintain and replace rural America's electric infrastructure.


TVA Selects Preferred Route For 4.75-mile Transmission Line In Kentucky

   Aug 10, 2011

   The Tennessee Valley Authority (TVA) selected a preferred route 4.75-mile
transmission line, which would serve the new Salem Church substation,
theleafchronicle.com reported. Pennyrile Rural Electric Cooperative Corp. owns
the new Salem Church substation. The new Salem Church substation is located near
Grove, Kentucky.The 161kV transmission line and the substation would provide
help to maintain availability of electricity in the area.


TVA Seeks Comments On Proposed Kentucky Transmission Project

   Mar 22, 2011

   The Tennessee Valley Authority (TVA) is seeking public comments on a
transmission line project that will relieve overloaded equipment and help assure
continued reliable power for a portion of western Kentucky. The proposed
improvements include constructing about 5 miles of 161kV transmission line to
Pennyrile Rural Electric Cooperative Corp.'s new Salem Church substation.The
line would extend west from the existing Edgoten-Casky 161kV transmission line
toward US Highway 41 to the proposed substation on Elmo Road. TVA is considering
several alternative routes for the line from a network of 12 possible line
segments.Public input on the proposed improvements and transmission line
alternatives is encouraged, beginning with an open house in Pembroke, Kentucky,
on Thursday, March 24, 2011, from 3pm - 7pm CDT at the Pembroke Elementary
School gymnasium, 1600 Pembroke-Oak Grove Road. Detailed maps showing the
network of alternative routes for the proposed power line will be available, and
TVA staff will be on hand to answer questions, discuss potential concerns and
receive comments on the proposals.
* * * * * * * * * * OTHER AVAILABLE REPORTS * * * * * * * * * *
Company Overview                        Events
Financial Ratios                        Investments
Key Employees                           Key Facts
Locations and Subsidiaries              Major Products and Services
Top Competitors

 * * * * * * * * * * NOTE * * * * * * * * * *

   GlobalData uses a range of research techniques to gather and verify its
information and analysis. These include primary research, in-house knowledge and
expertise, proprietary databases, and secondary sources such as company
websites, annual reports, SEC filings and press releases. Disclaimer: No part of
this publication may be reproduced, stored in a retrieval system or transmitted
in any form by any means, electronic, mechanical, photocopying, recording or
otherwise, without the prior permission of the publisher, GlobalData. The facts
of this report are believed to be correct at the time of publication but cannot
be guaranteed. Please note that the findings, conclusions and recommendations
that GlobalData delivers will be based on information gathered in good faith
from both primary and secondary sources, whose accuracy we are not always in a
position to guarantee. As such GlobalData can accept no liability whatever for
actions taken based on any information that may subsequently prove to be
incorrect.

LOAD-DATE: January 30, 2017


                              369 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            October 19, 2015 Monday

Washington: Hoeven Announces $400K in Federal Funding to Support Rural
Development in North Dakota

LENGTH: 186 words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Washington: Office of the Senator John Hoeven has issued the following news
release:



 Senator John Hoeven, who serves on the U.S. Senate Appropriations and
Agriculture Committees, today announced that the U.S. Department of
Agriculture's (USDA) Rural Development has awarded two grants of $200,000 each
to the Common Enterprise Development Cooperation (CEDC) and the North Dakota
Association of Rural Electric Cooperatives. The funds will be used to help small
businesses and rural cooperatives grow, create jobs and enhance their capacity
to serve residents and communities.





 &ldquo;We've been working hard to support growth in the rural parts of our
state,&rdquo; Hoeven said. &ldquo;Today's USDA funds will allow the CEDC to
continue serving North Dakotans through assisting rural communities, creating
jobs and developing communities. The funds will also help our rural electric
cooperatives provide us with reliable and affordable energy to power our homes,
our businesses and our economy.&rdquo;



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 20, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              370 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                  The State Journal-Register (Springfield, IL)

                          September 27, 2001 Thursday

Co-op gets grant to study building tortilla plant

BYLINE: CHARLYN FARGO AGRIBUSINESS EDITOR

SECTION: MARKETPLACE; Pg. 39

LENGTH: 503 words

DATELINE: MORRISONVILL


A Morrisonville farm cooperative has received a $40,000 federal grant to study
the feasibility of building a tortilla manufacturing plant in Chicago.

The 2,000-farmer co-op, called ILLI-MEX Alliance, is a joint venture between two
elevators, Morrisonville Farmers Cooperative and Assumption Cooperative Grain.
The funding comes from a grant through the U.S. Department of Agriculture's
Rural Development Program. "I want to congratulate the local cooperatives for
their efforts on behalf of their farmer members," said U.S. Rep. John Shimkus,
R-Ill. "Looking to increase the demand for their commodities will provide
economic benefits to the farmers and employees of the plant."

Tom Bressner, manager of Assumption Cooperative Grain, said the money will be
used to pay for a study "to find out if our dream is feasible."

Both elevators have been active with the University of Illinois and C-FAR trying
to find ways to add value to ag products, Bressner said.

"We were both sitting in the same meetings and decided we were leaning the same
direction, so we teamed up," he added.

The new cooperative will be working with consultants, advisers and tortilla
manufacturers.

"I was on a trade mission with Gov. (Jim) Edgar in 1997, then we sent another
person from our company on trade missions to Mexico in 1999 and 2000," Bressner
said.

"We're looking at the Chicago area because it's the second-largest Hispanic
area, behind Los Angeles, and we figured it's a target for traditional Mexican
products."

Bressner said the farmer-owned cooperatives have expertise in grain handling and
keeping corn identity preserved, and are working on finding a white, food-grade
corn that is used in traditional Mexican tortillas.

"We envision a small production plant near Chicago that mills the white corn
into fresh masa for tortillas," Bressner said. "Part of the feasibility study
will be working with grocery stores in the Chicago area to sell the fresh masa
tortillas. The major emphasis of the study will be spending time in that area to
see if we can put together a distribution system."

The USDA grant is a matching grant the group applied for earlier this year.

Farmer members of the two cooperatives didn't have to pay anything additional
for the venture. The costs were included in their memberships.

"White corn isn't really big in this particular area," Bressner added. "But you
see a lot of it along the Illinois River. It's the same kind of corn raised
around Champaign for Frito-Lay. Now, there isn't the yield drag with it that
there used to be five or six years ago, so we think farmers will be interested
in growing it as a way to add value to their crop."

Bressner expects the feasibility study to take 60 to 90 days. Once it is
finished, the group plans to put together its business plan.

"Then, if it all looks good, we'll be contracting acres and put together a plan
for building the plant. Right now, we're in the very early stages. We're all
optimistic that this will work out."

LOAD-DATE: October 5, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES: ON WEB SITE

TYPE: LOCAL

                   Copyright 2001 The State Journal-Register


                              371 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          Argus Weekend (South Africa)

                                August 14, 2011
                                   E1 Edition

Peace Foundation gets a stake in JHI Properties to boost its work

SECTION: PROPERTY; Pg. 5

LENGTH: 557 words


The Peace Foundation, a non-profit organisation which aims to alleviate rural
poverty through sustainable and self-sufficient economic development - has been
awarded a shareholding in independent property services group JHI Properties as
part of the company's corporate social investment (CSI) programme.

Marna van der Walt, chief executive of JHI Properties, says: "This worthwhile
NGO is a broad-based black ownership trust with 100 percent black beneficiaries
- of which 80 percent are women. As shareholders, the foundation will benefit
from its investment and the association with JHI."

Established in 1993, the Peace Foundation is run on a co-operative model with
centres or hubs in rural communities. Upliftment programmes undertaken include
farming initiatives, pre-schools, bulk buying and product distribution, skills
training at sewing co-operatives, craft projects and baking, and a skills
training academy for the plumbing, electrical, welding, brick-making and
bricklaying trades.

In addition, the foundation introduces rural waste management initiatives and
aims to improve water and sanitation as part of its focus on preserving the
natural environment.

Nora Tager, executive director of the Peace Foundation, says despite the harsh
poverty experienced by people in rural communities, there is currency coming
into these areas through government grants and pensions as well as wages sent
home from urban areas.

However, this money flows out again as rural inhabitants are forced to travel to
the nearest town to shop. The challenge is to reverse the flow of money out of
these regions by creating self-sufficient, sustainable economies within local
rural communities.

"Our model facilitates and promotes sustainable local economic development
through the development of centres in these rural areas."

JHI Properties supports a broad range of programmes which assist the communities
in which it operates, and also helps foster entrepreneurs who wish to enter the
property industry. Such programmes provide training and education. Achieving in
excess of 65 percent in regard to the five-year Property Charter targets, JHI is
a Level 3 company and is 35 percent black-owned.

Other initiatives include a practical, three-month training and mentorship
programme for employees in the Gauteng Department of Infrastructure Development.
For three consecutive days a week, four staff from this department were seconded
to JHI for on-site training and mentorship and theoretical learning at the
company's head office in Sandton.

Fatima Essa, JHI Properties executive: public sector says this programme
underlines the potential for successful private/public partnerships, and enabled
JHI to provide the Gauteng Department of Infrastructure Development staff with
specialised knowledge and access to valuable experience and expertise across a
broad spectrum.

This incorporated property management; retail management and consulting;
drafting of leases; facilities management (including supply chain procurement);
public sector, development and project management; market research, analysis and
strategic planning; and tenant and corporate representation.

"In addition to being exposed to the business on a practical, daily basis, the
interns attended workshops at JHI where they learned the theory of various
aspects of property management," she says.

LOAD-DATE: August 13, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: CZ


                 Copyright 2011 Independent News and Media Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                              372 of 998 DOCUMENTS

              Copyright 2017 GlobalData Ltd., All Rights Reserved
                              GlobalData - Events

                               February 27, 2017

                       Wyoming Rural Electric Association

                               2312 Carey Avenue
                              Cheyenne 82001-3627
                                 United States

* * * * * * * * * * EVENTS * * * * * * * * * *


Co-ops Get $31 Million from USDA for Jobs

   Apr 16, 2015

   About $31 million in federal loans and grants will fund rural businesses and
manufacturers backed by electric cooperatives in 12 states.Agriculture Secretary
Tom VilsackSecretary of Agriculture Tom Vilsack announced the awards for 38
projects as part of the department's Rural Economic Development Loan and Grant
program. "These infrastructure investments will help residents start or expand
businesses," said Vilsack March 30. "The funds can be used for a wide range of
needs. They can help businesses increase production and manufacturing capacity,
and can even help rural homeowners save money by making their homes more energy
efficient." Through the REDLG program, USDA provides zero-interest loans and
grants to utilities that lend funds to local businesses for projects to create
and retain employment in rural areas. Eligible applicants are current USDA Rural
Utilities Service borrowers. Top loans of $2 million each went to electric
co-ops in Illinois, Iowa, Missouri, Mississippi and North Carolina. In the Tar
Heel State, Four County EMC in Burgaw will use its loan to help Pender County
buy equipment for a new seafood manufacturing plant. The facility could generate
as many as 120 full-time jobs. Another $2 million loan went to MJM Electric
Co-op in Carlinville, Ill., to help the Carlinville Area Hospital build a
28,000-square-foot medical clinic. "This loan is part of MJM's commitment to
help our community. We think the new clinic will be a real asset for Macoupin
County, as it brings in new jobs and access to more health care," said Laura
Cutler, the co-op's CEO. The announcement also scored a victory for teamwork by
two Kansas co-ops. For the first time, Midwest Energy in Hays and Western
Cooperative Electric in WaKeeney collaborated on a REDLG application, resulting
in a $1.8 million loan for a tractor and farm equipment dealer. Under the Obama
administration, the REDLG program has helped create or save more than 32,000
rural jobsprovided almost $338 million in economic development assistanceand
helped expand or establish almost 1,200 rural businesses and community projects
* * * * * * * * * * OTHER AVAILABLE REPORTS * * * * * * * * * *
Company Overview                        Events
Key Operational Employees               Key Employees
Key Facts                               Major Products and Services
Top Competitors

 * * * * * * * * * * NOTE * * * * * * * * * *

   GlobalData uses a range of research techniques to gather and verify its
information and analysis. These include primary research, in-house knowledge and
expertise, proprietary databases, and secondary sources such as company
websites, annual reports, SEC filings and press releases. Disclaimer: No part of
this publication may be reproduced, stored in a retrieval system or transmitted
in any form by any means, electronic, mechanical, photocopying, recording or
otherwise, without the prior permission of the publisher, GlobalData. The facts
of this report are believed to be correct at the time of publication but cannot
be guaranteed. Please note that the findings, conclusions and recommendations
that GlobalData delivers will be based on information gathered in good faith
from both primary and secondary sources, whose accuracy we are not always in a
position to guarantee. As such GlobalData can accept no liability whatever for
actions taken based on any information that may subsequently prove to be
incorrect.

LOAD-DATE: February 27, 2017


                              373 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                              The Bismarck Tribune

                              May 21, 2013 Tuesday

Bowdon co-op building meat processing plant

BYLINE: JESSICA HOLDMAN Bismarck Tribune

SECTION: DAKOTA WIRE; Pg. B1

LENGTH: 406 words


A meat processing plant is being built in Bowdon, after several years of
fundraising.

Organizers think the new plant could draw on the strength of livestock
production in the area. It would replace and expand one that used to be in
Bowdon.

Construction will start at the end of the month on the 3,100-square-foot
facility at 139 Warrington Ave., said Lori Capouch, rural development director
for North Dakota Association of Rural Electric Cooperatives.

Bowdon Locker and Grocery operated until its young owner, Tim Reberg, died in
2008. The town was left without the small processing operation and grocery store
until residents formed a co-op and bought the grocery store. The group decided
to do the same with the plant.

The processing facility will be able to handle up to 1,000 animals - cattle,
bison, hogs, sheep and deer -each year and will be U.S. Department of
Agriculture-inspected.

Capouch said the plant will start by processing 550 animals and move to 1,000
over three years.

To be profitable, it will need to process 500 beef animals, 150-plus deer and 60
hogs annually, with the potential for bison and organically-raised beef as well.

The plant will be managed by Jeff Sprague, former owner of a small processing
facility in Nevada. It will bring four new jobs to Bowdon and will give local
producers a market for their meat. Capouch said several of the investors are
beef producers.

BMP incorporated in 2010. The co-op now includes about 70 member-owners with 104
shares among them, Capouch said.

Each share cost $5,500. All members paid a one-time fee of $100.

Capouch said construction should be complete by mid-September. The plant will
require $1.2 million in construction and start up costs.

In addition to member investment, the Bowdon Meat Processing Cooperative
received about $55,000 in grants and donations.

Grant funds came from the Agricultural Products Utilization Commission, Farmers
Union Marketing and Processing, Carrington Job Development Authority, Harvey Job
Development Authority, Wells County Job Development Authority, the Bowdon
Development Center and the Bowdon Community Cooperative.

Investors will receive a tax credit on their state income tax of up to 30
percent of the total amount invested in the start-up company over the next 10
years through the North Dakota Ag Commodity Processing Facility Investment
program, Capouch said.

(Reach Jessica Holdman at 701-250-8261 or jessica.holdman@bismarcktribune.com)

LOAD-DATE: May 21, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


       Copyright 2013 The Bismarck Tribune, a division of Lee Enterprises
                              All Rights Reserved


                              374 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             March 30, 2015 Monday

Arkansas: USDA Awards Loans and Grants to Support Rural Economic Development

LENGTH: 549  words

DATELINE: Little Rock


Arkansas Agriculture Department has issued the following news release:

Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack today announced the award of $31 million in
loans and grants for organizations in 12 states to promote rural economic
development.

"These infrastructure investments will help rural residents start or expand
businesses," Vilsack said. "The funds can be used for a wide range of needs.
They can help businesses increase production and manufacturing capacity, and can
even help rural homeowners save money by making their homes more energy
efficient."

The funding is being provided through USDA's Rural Economic Development Loan and
Grant (REDLG) program. Vilsack today announced $31 million in loans and grants
for 38 projects in 12 states.

Through the REDLG program, USDA provides zero-interest loans and grants to
utilities that lend funds to local businesses for projects to create and retain
employment in rural areas. These revolving loan funds broaden the program's
reach and create a multiplier effect for its impact. Eligible applicants are
USDA Rural Utilities Service borrowers. Innovative USDA investments through this
program are boosting economic development in rural communities all across the
country, Vilsack noted.

In North Carolina, the Four County Electric Membership Corp. has been selected
to receive a $2 million loan to help Pender County buy equipment for a new
seafood manufacturing plant to be located in the county. This project is
expected to create 120 full-time jobs at the facility.

The City of Sevierville, Tenn., is receiving a $2 million loan help the KaTom
Restaurant Supply Co. renovate a warehouse to create a training center for
employees and for customers who buy equipment. This project will add 15
employees to the company's workforce.

North Carolina's Tideland Electric Membership Corp. has been approved for a
$540,000 loan and $300,000 grant to help a charter school build a
57,000-square-foot classroom. The beneficiary of the loan is one of the oldest
charter schools in the state.

The awards announced today are contingent upon the recipients meeting the terms
of the loan or grant agreement. View the complete list of awards.

Since the beginning of the Obama Administration, the REDLG program has helped
create or save more than 32,000 rural jobs, provided almost $338 million in
economic development assistance, improved manufacturing capability, expanded
health care and educational facilities and helped expand or establish almost
1,200 rural businesses and community projects.

In 2013, Rural Development awarded a $1 million loan to the Dakota Valley
Electric Cooperative, which used part of the funds to help LaMoure Housing, Inc.
construct a building that is home to the grocery store and hardware store in the
small, rural town of LaMoure, N.D. (population 889).

President Obama's plan for rural America has brought about historic investment
and resulted in stronger rural communities. Under the President's leadership,
these investments in housing, community facilities, businesses and
infrastructure have empowered rural America to continue leading the way -
strengthening America's economy, small towns and rural communities.

#

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: May 9, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              375 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             March 30, 2015 Monday

Arizona: USDA Awards Loans and Grants to Support Rural Economic Development

LENGTH: 552  words

DATELINE: Phoenix


Department of Agriculture has issued the following news release:

WASHINGTON, March 30, 2015 - Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack today announced
the award of $31 million in loans and grants for organizations in 12 states to
promote rural economic development.

"These infrastructure investments will help rural residents start or expand
businesses," Vilsack said. "The funds can be used for a wide range of needs.
They can help businesses increase production and manufacturing capacity, and can
even help rural homeowners save money by making their homes more energy
efficient."

The funding is being provided through USDA's Rural Economic Development Loan and
Grant (REDLG) program. Vilsack today announced $31 million in loans and grants
for 38 projects in 12 states.

Through the REDLG program, USDA provides zero-interest loans and grants to
utilities that lend funds to local businesses for projects to create and retain
employment in rural areas. These revolving loan funds broaden the program's
reach and create a multiplier effect for its impact. Eligible applicants are
USDA Rural Utilities Service borrowers. Innovative USDA investments through this
program are boosting economic development in rural communities all across the
country, Vilsack noted.

In North Carolina, the Four County Electric Membership Corp. has been selected
to receive a $2 million loan to help Pender County buy equipment for a new
seafood manufacturing plant to be located in the county. This project is
expected to create 120 full-time jobs at the facility.

The City of Sevierville, Tenn., is receiving a $2 million loan help the KaTom
Restaurant Supply Co. renovate a warehouse to create a training center for
employees and for customers who buy equipment. This project will add 15
employees to the company's workforce.

North Carolina's Tideland Electric Membership Corp. has been approved for a
$540,000 loan and $300,000 grant to help a charter school build a
57,000-square-foot classroom. The beneficiary of the loan is one of the oldest
charter schools in the state.

The awards announced today are contingent upon the recipients meeting the terms
of the loan or grant agreement. View the complete list of awards.

Since the beginning of the Obama Administration, the REDLG program has helped
create or save more than 32,000 rural jobs, provided almost $338 million in
economic development assistance, improved manufacturing capability, expanded
health care and educational facilities and helped expand or establish almost
1,200 rural businesses and community projects.

In 2013, Rural Development awarded a $1 million loan to the Dakota Valley
Electric Cooperative, which used part of the funds to help LaMoure Housing, Inc.
construct a building that is home to the grocery store and hardware store in the
small, rural town of LaMoure, N.D. (population 889).

President Obama's plan for rural America has brought about historic investment
and resulted in stronger rural communities. Under the President's leadership,
these investments in housing, community facilities, businesses and
infrastructure have empowered rural America to continue leading the way -
strengthening America's economy, small towns and rural communities.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: May 9, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              376 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             March 30, 2015 Monday

Washington: USDA Awards Loans and Grants to Support Rural Economic Development

LENGTH: 552  words

DATELINE: Washington


US Department of Agriculture, The Government of USA has issued the following
news release:

Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack today announced the award of $31 million in
loans and grants for organizations in 12 states to promote rural economic
development.

"These infrastructure investments will help rural residents start or expand
businesses," Vilsack said. "The funds can be used for a wide range of needs.
They can help businesses increase production and manufacturing capacity, and can
even help rural homeowners save money by making their homes more energy
efficient."

The funding is being provided through USDA's Rural Economic Development Loan and
Grant (REDLG) program. Vilsack today announced $31 million in loans and grants
for 38 projects in 12 states.

Through the REDLG program, USDA provides zero-interest loans and grants to
utilities that lend funds to local businesses for projects to create and retain
employment in rural areas. These revolving loan funds broaden the program's
reach and create a multiplier effect for its impact. Eligible applicants are
USDA Rural Utilities Service borrowers. Innovative USDA investments through this
program are boosting economic development in rural communities all across the
country, Vilsack noted.

In North Carolina, the Four County Electric Membership Corp. has been selected
to receive a $2 million loan to help Pender County buy equipment for a new
seafood manufacturing plant to be located in the county. This project is
expected to create 120 full-time jobs at the facility.

The City of Sevierville, Tenn., is receiving a $2 million loan help the KaTom
Restaurant Supply Co. renovate a warehouse to create a training center for
employees and for customers who buy equipment. This project will add 15
employees to the company's workforce.

North Carolina's Tideland Electric Membership Corp. has been approved for a
$540,000 loan and $300,000 grant to help a charter school build a
57,000-square-foot classroom. The beneficiary of the loan is one of the oldest
charter schools in the state.

The awards announced today are contingent upon the recipients meeting the terms
of the loan or grant agreement. View the complete list of awards.

Since the beginning of the Obama Administration, the REDLG program has helped
create or save more than 32,000 rural jobs, provided almost $338 million in
economic development assistance, improved manufacturing capability, expanded
health care and educational facilities and helped expand or establish almost
1,200 rural businesses and community projects.

In 2013, Rural Development awarded a $1 million loan to the Dakota Valley
Electric Cooperative, which used part of the funds to help LaMoure Housing, Inc.
construct a building that is home to the grocery store and hardware store in the
small, rural town of LaMoure, N.D. (population 889).

President Obama's plan for rural America has brought about historic investment
and resulted in stronger rural communities. Under the President's leadership,
these investments in housing, community facilities, businesses and
infrastructure have empowered rural America to continue leading the way -
strengthening America's economy, small towns and rural communities.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: May 9, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              377 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                    The Portales, News-Tribune (New Mexico)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                          February 13, 2013 Wednesday

USDA: Funding available for rural development

BYLINE: Christina Calloway, The Portales News-Tribune, N.M.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 546 words


Feb. 13--Roosevelt County Community Development Corp. Director Doug Redmond says
he has a proposal to help stimulate the local economy.

He was just waiting on the U.S. Department of Agriculture to help come up with
the money.

The USDA's Department of Rural Development announced on Tuesday that grant
funding is now available for rural development in New Mexico through its Rural
Business Enterprise Grant program. Redmond sees the  announcement as his
agency's opportunity.

"We are going to apply for one, contingent on the board approving it," Redmond
said  Wednesday. "I'm speaking to the board next week."

Redmond has plans to set up a revolving loan fund to do some micro-lending out
of the RCCDC

"I had experience in the past with this in Georgia. It's a really good program
that we can utilize," Redmond said, referring to his time as a city and county
manager in Georgia prior to accepting his position in Portales. "We can use
those for startup businesses."

Ernie Watson with the USDA said that's precisely what the grant program is
intended for, to boost the economy of rural New Mexico.

According to the USDA's press release, RBEG funding is made available to
municipal agencies and nonprofits in communities of 50,000 or less.

Application will be accepted for a range of project proposals, but certain
projects will receive discretionary points if they support the agency's goals in
areas including renewable energy, local food systems and value-added
agriculture, support of cooperatives, and underserved populations.

Particularly in this area, business programs in impoverished counties, such as
Roosevelt County, will also be considered, according to the press release.

"The bottom line is, it's used to stimulate the economy by creating jobs,"
Watson said.

Through this program, he said rural communities in New Mexico have applied for
funding for projects ranging from the reconstruction of a community building to
an improved farmer's market.

Earlier in February, a rural community in Taos County used $81,000 in the funds
to restore a historical building that was falling apart, according to Watson.

"Projects do not have to be related to agriculture," Watson said. "It's to
provide a better lifestyle for rural New Mexico. It's a really flexible grant."

He added that communities often times look for funds to do a feasibility study
on a proposed business or project in the area rather than borrowing money and
having the business going belly-up. He hopes these communities take advantage of
the opportunity and applies for these funds.

"I'd like to use this for helping entrepreneurs get started here in Portales,"
Redmond said about the grant. "It's another tool we can use along with LEDA
(Local Economic Development Act) funds."

Gene Hendrick with the Clovis Industrial Development Corp. said he isn't sure if
the local community will apply for this grant but there is a possibility.

"Some of the community would be interested in BEG funding," Hendrick said, but
added that since the program was just announced, he hasn't heard anything yet.

According to the press release, the deadline for application is April 12.

___ (c)2013 The Portales News-Tribune (Clovis, N.M.) Visit The Portales
News-Tribune (Clovis, N.M.) at www.pntonline.com Distributed by MCT Information
Services

LOAD-DATE: February 16, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20130213-PV-USDA-Funding-available-for-rural-development-0213-20130213

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: PV


                          Copyright 2013 The Portales


                              378 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                    The Daily Globe (Worthington, Minnesota)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           October 15, 2014 Wednesday

A time to say thanks

BYLINE: Julie Buntjer, The Daily Globe, Worthington, Minn.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 1008 words


Oct. 15--LUVERNE -- With back-to-back natural disasters -- an ice storm in 2013
and flooding early this summer -- Rock County Administrator Kyle Oldre said Rock
County communities have come to the table too many times in search of government
financial help.

On Tuesday, it was time for not only Rock County, but a multitude of local
agencies, to say thanks.

Over the course of the past two years, USDA Rural Development has come to the
aid of Rock County businesses and organizations to the tune of more than $7.13
million. The latest award was to Rock County Rural Water, which was approved for
a nearly $2.45 million loan and $2.25 million grant to help expand and improve
the county's rural water system.

Marvin Toftland, chairman of Rock County Rural Water, said the USDA loan and
grant is a big boost for the system.

"We've been working on getting water to some of our areas in Rock County for ...
20-plus years," he said.

The resource wasn't needed just for the residents, but for the livestock being
produced on the lands of Rock County. Upgrades to the system will mean increased
flow for the more than 460 customers already on the system, and Toftland said
another 30 customers will be added once the expansion is complete.

"We'll see growth coming -- we've seen it in the past," he said. "As soon as you
come with the lines, they come flocking."

Timing of the system work, Oldre said, couldn't be better, as the Lewis & Clark
expansion to Luverne is slated to be completed next year.

USDA Rural Development State Director Colleen Landkamer said the funds that have
come into Rock County during the past few years is pretty significant, and
acknowledged it wouldn't happen without great leadership -- "people rolling up
their sleeves and doing (the work)" -- and congressional support.

"Sometimes it just takes a little seed money to make things happen," Landkamer
told a gathering Tuesday morning at the Rock County Law Enforcement Center.

"One of the things we strive to do is write policy that impacts communities,"
said Peder Kjeseth, staff member for U.S. Rep. Tim Walz.

Peder said a good, strong farm bill, which is used to fund such USDA Rural
Development projects, is important for communities such as Luverne.

"It's the nuts and bolts of rural America that make it a great place to live,"
said Chuck Ackman, representing Sen. Amy Klobuchar's office. He said USDA Rural
Development programs that put roofs on fire halls and fund water and sewer
projects may not always be "sexy," but they make an impact on communities.

The string of USDA Rural Development funding began in August 2012, when New
Vision Cooperative secured a $740,000 loan to construct a feed mill just west of
Magnolia. It was paired with a $300,000 loan to Rock County to purchase a new
motor grader. Both loans were pass-through to Lismore Cooperative Telephone Co.,
which will get to retain $300,000 as a result of the loans to create a revolving
loan fund.

"While those projects are a couple of years old, the money is still here -- it's
still working," Oldre said.

Rock County Opportunities in Luverne secured a $300,000 loan from USDA-RD to
complete a much-needed expansion to its facility. The agency provides employment
opportunities for individuals with mental and physical disabilities.

"We got some great money at a very opportune moment," said Beth Bartels, RCO
executive director.

RCO's loan came as a pass-through from Sioux Valley Energy. The energy
cooperative received the $300,000 as a grant, and as RCO pays the loan back,
Sioux Valley Energy can loan it out for other projects.

Bartels said the nonprofit employs nearly 80 people, including approximately 50
clients. With the expansion, it will be able to grow into a space for up to 120
clients.

"I always say these revolving loan funds are the gifts that keep on giving,"
said Landkamer of the expansion. "We like doing this wonderful stuff -- seeing
what happens because a community has a need."

The Southwest Mental Health Center acquired a $1 million community facilities
loan through USDA-RD as it continues to renovate the former Lewis Drug building
in Luverne for use as its new offices. The five-county agency headquartered in
Luverne has seen a nearly 10 percent increase in utilization in each of the past
five to 10 years, said SWMHC Executive Director Scott Johnson.

"It's going to be key for us going forward," Johnson said of the new, expanded
office space. "A 30-year loan is a wonderful deal and will make all of the
difference for us going forward."

Luverne EDA Director Holly Sammons touted the work the city has accomplished
through a $99,000 Rural Business Enterprise Grant supplied by USDA-RD. By
leveraging an additional $50,000, LEDA led a property improvement initiative on
its Main Street and U.S. 75 business district that offered a one-third grant and
one-third loan with one-third owner equity in projects.

"Over 18 months we loaned to 13 different businesses," Sammons said, adding that
more than $565,000 was invested in improvements to local businesses.

As the loans are paid back to LEDA, Sammons said it will open the doors to other
entities to apply for loans.

"It's a huge economic impact to the city," said Luverne Mayor Pat Baustian. "All
of our construction companies are busy. This would not have happened without the
(USDA) money coming in."

Roughly 3 percent of the money USDA-RD awards to community projects is in the
form of grants, with the remainder provided as low-interest loans. The money to
fund USDA-RD's more than 40 programs comes through the Farm Bill.

Landkamer said USDA-RD loan programs can be used for a variety of projects, from
single- and multi-family housing developments to business loans and grants
including renewable energy and broadband, and community facilities projects such
as new libraries, mental health facilities and water and wastewater projects.

"We get to help a community thrive and grow," she said.

___ (c)2014 The Daily Globe (Worthington, Minn.) Visit The Daily Globe
(Worthington, Minn.) at www.dglobe.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: October 15, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20141015-QG-A-time-to-say-thanks-1015-20141015

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: QG


                         Copyright 2014 The Daily Globe


                              379 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                              The Herald (Glasgow)

                               November 12, 1994

Farm co-ops prepare to meet changes in the market place

BYLINE: Victor Robertson

SECTION: Pg. 14

LENGTH: 489 words


BRITAIN'S £7 billion a year farm co-operative sector is set to flex its new
-found muscles in the coming months (writes Victor Robertson).

Buttressed by the addition of the new dairy co-ops which have replaced the milk
boards -- and a further addition in the shape of the Farmers' Creamery Co
-operative, created to try and save the Galloway cheese plant -- it is mounting
a self-help programme to match up to changes in wholesale and retail markets.

Among targets set is a review of the 100-year-old industrial and provident
legislation which limits co-operative activities -- and promoting links between
the co-ops and private industry.

"The Ministry of Agriculture are not interested in the producer, nor in the
benefits of the co-operative movement to the producer. All they are interested
in is the food gap and the consumer," said David Thirkell, executive director of
the Plunkett Foundation, which monitors the co-operative sector.

"For example, their market development grants are not aimed at producers, but at
creating improvements in the food chain. There is nothing wrong with that, but
we mustn't kid ourselves into thinking that it represents some kind of support
for the co-operatives. That support is going to have to come from within the
industry, from farmer controlled businesses."

Mr Thirkell, who was speaking at a two-day co-op directors' forum in Birmingham,
also warned that use of the market development grant to employ external, or
non-farming, directors, could be a double-edged sword. While there was a need
for some of their skills, few understood the benefit driven principle of co-ops
as gainst the investment principle of the private sector.

Mr Edward Rainy Brown, chief executive of the Scottish Agricultural Organisation
Society and Plunkett vice-chairman, predicted more joint ventures with industry,
simply because farm co-operatives were "unlikely to have enough capital to get
involved with, say, further processing."

Current trends in consumer demand and food choice after a decade of dramatic
developments, will be examined at next week's SAOS conference in Peebles by the
main speaker, Professor Chris Ritson, Dean of the Faculty of Agriculture at
Newcastle University.

Prior to the early 1980s, food consumption patterns were largely influenced by
availability and price, he will tell leaders of Scotland's farm and rural
business co-ops. However, since then, the emphasis had been on healthy eating,
and a move away from eating in family groups.

The future challenge for the food industry, including farmer-run food companies,
will be to recruit new converts to their chosen products by understanding
current changes in consumer demand and devising appropriate marketing plans.

These would need to respond to the impact on consumer buying patterns of health
and diet, work and leisure habits, as well as welfare and environmental
concerns.

LOAD-DATE: November 14, 1994

LANGUAGE: English

PUB-TYPE: Paper

                   Copyright 1994 Caledonian Newspapers Ltd.


                              380 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                         TendersInfo - Project Notices

                          September 21, 2013 Saturday

China : Poverty Alleviation and Agriculture Development Demonstration in Poor
Areas Project

LENGTH: 160  words


Approval Date (as of board presentation) : 03-Jun-2013
Status : Pipeline
Project ID : P133326
Total Project Cost : US$ 300.00  million
Detail : The proposed project seeks to assist the Government in developing
models to advance the rural-urban integration and rural sector modernization
agenda in representative destitute rural andmountain areas.


The focus of the project would be on demonstrating approaches to rural income
generation that are
based on the modernization of selected agricultural sub-sectors and value-chain
development, institutional farmer cooperative development, the provision of
grant funds for poor farmer households and cooperatives to support their
participation in agricultural value chains, and capacity building for rural
households, cooperatives, enterprises, and local governments. The project would

seek to achieve the development objective through the implementation of the
following components
and activities

country :China
Ltd.

LOAD-DATE: September 21, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: 811


                          Copyright 2013 Tenders Info
              Provided by Syndigate.info, an Albawaba.com company
                              All Rights Reserved


                              381 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                         Deming Headlight (New Mexico)

                            February 6, 2012 Monday

Grant funding applications for rural businesses

BYLINE: For the Headlight

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 426 words


ALBUQUERQUE - USDA Rural Development State Director Terry Brunner announced
today his agency is now accepting applications for the Rural Business Enterprise
Grant (RBEG) program.

In making the announcement Brunner said, "The RBEG program is one of the most
flexible economic development opportunities offered by USDA Rural Development."
He added, "In the past the RBEG has been used to fund business incubators,
business studies and it has financed technical assistance programs for business
development."

The RBEG funding is made available to public bodies, nonprofit organizations,
public and private nonprofit institutions of higher education, and Indian tribes
to facilitate and finance the development of small and emerging private business
enterprises in rural communities and cities up to 50,000 in population.

The grant funds can be used to finance and facilitate the development of small,
private, business enterprises which is any private business that employs 50 or
fewer new employees and has less than $1 million in projected gross revenues.
The RBEG funds can also be used to pay for technical assistance for such things
as feasibility studies, business plans, business development training, or
workshops. However, by regulation this financial assistance cannot be granted
directly to a private business. The RBEG financing is granted to a non-profit or
a governmental agency that sets up a revolving loan fund and then makes a loan
to a private business.

Applications are selected for funding based on an established competitive
scoring process. Priority will be given to application requests of $50,000 or
less. Additionally, applications will receive discretionary points for projects
that support the agency and department goals in the following categories:

Renewable energy

Local food systems and value-added agriculture

Great regions: multi-county or multi-state projects that will establish best
practices in the area of regional economic and community development

Support of cooperatives

Business programs in persistent poverty counties (Catron, Cibola, Dona Ana,
Guadalupe, Luna, McKinley, Mora, Rio Arriba, Roosevelt, San Juan, San Miguel,
Socorro, or Taos)

Underserved populations: minority and women-owned businesses

USDA Rural Development is currently accepting applications for the Rural
Business Enterprise Grants (RBEG) program until close of business, Monday, April
2, 2012.

Information on the RBEG program can be obtained from the Rural Development State
Office in Albuquerque at 505-761-4953 or at:
http://www.rurdev.usda.gov/BCP_rbeg.html

LOAD-DATE: February 6, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


          Copyright 2012 Deming Headlight, a MediaNews Group Newspaper
                              All Rights Reserved


                              382 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                 The Cornishman

                                  July 2, 2009

£1.8m share will make a difference;
Projects designed to make a difference to their local communities could benefit
from a share in £1.8 million.

SECTION: Pg. 48

LENGTH: 221 words


The West Cornwall Local Action Group announced the launch of this funding from
the Rural Development Programme for England, which is jointly funded by the EU
and Defra, last week.

The types of projects which can be helped include innovation in rural
businesses, access to the environment, the development of co-operatives or
social enterprises, business or village hubs,   co-ordinated and managed
community facilities, improvement of quality of life, access to services, and
projects to promote links between rural tourism and the local food economy.

Rex Sadler, chair of the West Cornwall Local Action Group, said: "I really want
to see project ideas and grant applications from smaller groups in the rural
areas.

"We've spent a long time bidding in the competition for this funding and are
pleased to get it launched. I would like to see people from the grassroots
putting their projects forward."

West Cornwall Local Action covers the areas known as Penwith and Kerrier except
for Camborne, Pool and Redruth and grants may be made to rural businesses,
community or voluntary groups, social enterprises, or charities.

Clare Leverton, the local action group manager said: "We've put together a
simple guideline for the funding and I can send this out to any group which is
interested." Call Clare on 01209 611116 for more information.

LOAD-DATE: July 3, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 60


                         Copyright 2009 The Cornishman
                              All Rights Reserved


                              383 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                 The Cornishman

                                  July 2, 2009

£1.8m share will make a difference;
Projects designed to make a difference to their local communities could benefit
from a share in £1.8 million.

SECTION: Pg. 48

LENGTH: 221 words


The West Cornwall Local Action Group announced the launch of this funding from
the Rural Development Programme for England, which is jointly funded by the EU
and Defra, last week.

The types of projects which can be helped include innovation in rural
businesses, access to the environment, the development of co-operatives or
social enterprises, business or village hubs,   co-ordinated and managed
community facilities, improvement of quality of life, access to services, and
projects to promote links between rural tourism and the local food economy.

Rex Sadler, chair of the West Cornwall Local Action Group, said: "I really want
to see project ideas and grant applications from smaller groups in the rural
areas.

"We've spent a long time bidding in the competition for this funding and are
pleased to get it launched. I would like to see people from the grassroots
putting their projects forward."

West Cornwall Local Action covers the areas known as Penwith and Kerrier except
for Camborne, Pool and Redruth and grants may be made to rural businesses,
community or voluntary groups, social enterprises, or charities.

Clare Leverton, the local action group manager said: "We've put together a
simple guideline for the funding and I can send this out to any group which is
interested." Call Clare on 01209 611116 for more information.

LOAD-DATE: August 21, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 60


                         Copyright 2009 The Cornishman
                              All Rights Reserved


                              384 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                            Dayton Daily News (Ohio)

                             May 15, 2014 Thursday

Law marks 100th year;
Greene County Extension office not just for rural residents.;
GREENE COUNTY

BYLINE: By Diana Blowers

SECTION: GREENE COUNTY/CLARK COUNTY; Pg. OZER1

LENGTH: 391 words


Started 100 years ago with the passage of the Smith-Lever Act, the Cooperative
Extension Service continues to be a strong influence in Greene County and across
the United States despite a common misconception about its purpose.

Ohio State University Extension, Greene County and Extension offices across the
United States are observing the 100th anniversary of President Woodrow Wilson
signing of the Smith-Lever Act on May 8, 1914, establishing the Cooperative
Extension Service.

The federal law requires cooperation between county, state and federal
governments to meet the needs of each county.

A common misconception is that the Cooperative Extension Service serves only
rural audiences and is based only in rural counties, said Rebecca Supinger, the
extension educator in charge of 4-H Youth Development for Ohio State University
Extension, Greene County.

"The Extension is available for all people," Supinger said.

It's all about community education, providing not only 4-H Youth Development and
Agriculture and Natural Resources but also Community Development and Family and
Consumer Sciences, she said.

It is an educational partnership between the U.S. Department of Agriculture and
the nation's land-grant universities, which includes Ohio State University.

The universities extend research-based knowledge through the county extension
offices to the public.

The overall focus is "healthy people, healthy finances and healthy
relationships," Supinger said.

Currently the Greene County Extension has two federal nutrition grants reaching
families with limited resources. Its Family and Consumer Sciences teaches
individuals about not only food and nutrition but also money management and home
preservation.

The 4-H program has after-school programs, in-school programs, military youth
programs and an international 4-H program. Greene County currently has more than
800 youths in 43 clubs.

Cloverbuds is a noncompetitive program for ages 5-8, and CARTEENS is conducted
in partnership with the Greene County Juvenile Court.

"First time youth traffic offenders are sentenced to participate in this program
conducted by 4-H staff, youth and volunteers and the Ohio State Highway Patrol,"
she said.

Ohio State University Extension for Greene County is located at 100 Fairground
Road in Xenia. For more information, call 937-372-9971, email supinger.5@osu.edu

LOAD-DATE: May 15, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2014 Dayton Newspapers, Inc.


                              385 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                   Mouse River Journal (Towner, North Dakota)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                  June 3, 2015

Gooseneck Implement receives $1 million loan

BYLINE: Mouse River Journal staff

LENGTH: 398  words


SRT Communications presented Moure Equipment, dba Gooseneck Implement, with a
check for $1 million from the U.S. Department of Agriculture's Rural Utilities
Service program (RUS). The RUS Rural Economic Development Loan and Grant program
(REDLG) allows utilities to serve as a pass through to local businesses with
projects that will create and retain employment in rural areas. SRT previously
received RUS funding for telecommunications projects and is able to serve as the
lending agent for this zero interest loan. The $1 million loan is being tised to
partially fund Gooseneck Implement's Velva Store, which opened on April 1, 2015
and features 39,800 square feet, of which approximately 16,000 square feet is
dedicated to a showroom and 23,800 square feet to house the service department
and parts department. In addition, the store created 7 new jobs..

"SRT's Board of Directors recognizes the importance of a rural development
program such as this. Not only has our own cooperative been a past recipient of
RUS funding to develop our own infrastructure but we are now also able to help
create more jobs in one of the communities we serve," said Steve Lysne, SRT CEO
& General Manager. "We understand the unique funding opportunity that presents
us and are proud to partner with Gooseneck Implement." This is the second REDLG
project SRT has administered.

"Our investment into a new facility in Velva confirms our commitment to the
community, our employees, and our customers, and will position us to remain
relevant in the agricultural industry long-term," said Jamie Melgaard, Gooseneck
CEO & General Manager. "We are extremely excited to provide our employees a
safer, more productive work environment, which in turn will enable us to provide
better support to our customers."

SRT Communications is the state's largest telephone cooperative. SRT has served
the telecommunications needs of north central North Dakota since 1951, employs
more than 200 people, and serves over 48,000 customers.

Gooseneck Implement is a multi-store location John Deere dealership with
locations in Minot, Kenmare, Mohall, Stanley, Velva, Rugby, Harvey and
Williston. The company has sold agricultural machinery and provided support in
sales, parts and service to area farmers since 1974. Gooseneck made an
investment in the community of Velva to meet the needs of our customers for
today and into the future.

LOAD-DATE: May 21, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Economy

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: MSE

                      Copyright 2015 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                       Copyright 2015 Mouse River Journal


                              386 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                           Philipsburg Mail (Montana)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                  May 26, 2011

Education encouraged forever;
Cooperative Extension

BYLINE: Philipsburg Mail staff

LENGTH: 343  words


Education shall be forever encouraged. So wrote the Continental Congress in the
Northwest Ordinance of 1787, and effectively laid the foundation for the land-
grant university system, and cooperative extension. Officially the land-grant
university system was created 75 years later by the Morrill Act of 1862, which
was signed into law by Abraham Lincoln on July 2, 1862. This act made it
possible for new western states to establish colleges for their citizens, which
emphasized agriculture and mechanical arts. These institutions opened
opportunities to thousands of farmers and working people previously excluded
from higher education.

In Montana on February 16, 1893 the Agricultural College of the State of Montana
was founded as the state's land-grant college in Bozeman. That institution, now
known as Montana State University, fulfills the land-grant mission of education,
research, and extension.

The extension mission of the land-grant university system was established by the
Smith-Lever Act of 1914 which created the Cooperative Extension Service and
formalized the link between Extension and land-grant institutions.

The challenge met by Cooperative Extension is to aid fewer and fewer to produce
more and more for growing human populations. Today fewer than 2 percent of
Americans farm for a living, and only 17 percent of Americans live in rural
areas. Extension utilizes an unprecedented reach with an office in or near most
of the nations approximately 3,000 counties to address the educational
challenges facing agriculture in America.

As demographics change across the nation, Cooperative Extension adopts a dynamic
approach to empower Americans to address a myriad self-identified issues that
cross a number of discipline boundaries. Cooperative Extension in Montana
focuses on four broad discipline areas of agriculture and natural resources, 4-H
and youth development, family and consumer sciences, and community development.
Extension education programming brings the resources of Montana's land-grant
institution to every county in the state.

LOAD-DATE: April 12, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Guest Opinion

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: PHM

                      Copyright 2011 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                        Copyright 2011 Philipsburg Mail


                              387 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                       The News Herald, Panama City, Fla.

                          September 17, 2005, Saturday

Gulf County, Fla., health care gets boost

BYLINE: By Faith Ford

LENGTH: 451 words



WEWAHITCHKA -- The U.S. Department of Agriculture has issued Gulf Coast Electric
Cooperative a $ 120,000 grant to boost home health care in Gulf County.

The Rural Economic Development Grant will be used to establish a revolving loan
fund, and the money will in turn be loaned interest-free to A&A Homecare Inc., a
locally owned home health business.

Registered nurses April McLemore and Amy Miller opened A&A Homecare in September
2003. The pair had been running a home health service for the now defunct Gulf
Pines Hospital. When paychecks were not coming in regularly, Miller said, they
decided to go out on their own.

The business has 17 employees including registered nurses, licensed practical
nurses, physical and occupational therapists and home health aides. On average,
Miller said, the staff serves about 60 patients in Bay, Gulf and Calhoun
counties.

The loan will be used to buy the Wewahitchka building Miller and McLemore have
been renting and to purchase ultrasound machines, update computers and create a
medical records storage room.

"We have to spend the money first," Miller said. "We have to show that we spent
the money on things that were considered appropriate. Then they grant us the
money."

They have 10 years to pay back the loan.

Michael White, assistant manager of Gulf Coast Electric Cooperative, said the
cooperative was able to obtain the grant because it is a nonprofit agency. After
the money is paid back, it can be loaned out again through the cooperative.

Obtaining the grant, White said, was a long and drawn out process. But, he
added, "The types of services they offer are important to the community we
serve, so it kind of makes sense."

Nurses and other staff with A&A Homecare visit patients' homes to provide
services including IV care, wound care, physical therapy and patient education,
among other things.

"Basically, we allow people to be able to return home from the hospital," Miller
said.

With Gulf Pines Hospital closed and a new hospital only in the planning stages,
Miller said home care is particularly important. The nearest hospitals for Gulf
County residents are in Bay County.

"Gulf County is really hurting without a hospital and an emergency room," Miller
said.


-----

To see more of The News Herald -- including its homes, jobs, cars and other
classified listings -- or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.newsherald.com.

Copyright (c) 2005, The News Herald, Panama City, Fla.

Distributed by Knight Ridder/Tribune Business News.

For information on republishing this content, contact us at (800) 661-2511
(U.S.), (213) 237-4914 (worldwide), fax (213) 237-6515, or e-mail
reprints@krtinfo.com.

LOAD-DATE: September 20, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

KR-ACC-NO: PY-HEALTHCARE-FUNDS-20050917

JOURNAL-CODE: PY

               Copyright 2005 Knight Ridder/Tribune Business News
               Copyright 2005 The News Herald, Panama City, Fla.


                              388 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                 EKantipur.com

                             August 30, 2009 Sunday

Fair price shops remain on paper

LENGTH: 545  words

DATELINE: MAHOTTARI


AHOTTARI, Aug. 30 -- It has been months since some six dozen cooperatives in
Mahottari district acquired government grants of Rs. 75,000 each to open fair
price shops targeted at the rural poor, but not one of them has seen the light
of day.

People have started to complain that fake cooperatives were receiving money and
misappropriating it. Some cooperatives have complained that they had failed to
run shops due to lack of appropriate suggestion.

The District Agriculture Office (DAO) had provided Rs. 100,000 each to the
cooperatives of 75 village development committees (VDCs) and Jaleshwor
municipality in June. The programme started by the previous government is also
continuing.

Only the cooperatives established in Badiyabanchauri and Pokharbhinda VDCs have
not taken government grants, according to the DAO. There are 75 VDCs and one
municipality in the district.

The DAO had provided grants to 20 old cooperatives and 55 new cooperatives
through account payee cheques. They had received government grants after giving
written commitments to the DAO that they would start fair price shops by adding
Rs. 20,000 to Rs. 300,000 to the grant.

"But, they have not implemented their plan as per the commitment," said Ram
Bhawan Singh, planning officer of the DAO. "They have not returned after getting
the cheque."

As per the regulation regarding cooperative shops, they should have started the
shop within 15 days of getting the grant from the DAO. Singh said that he was
unaware if any cooperative shop had come into operation except one Bhawani
Consumer Cooperative established in Jaleshwor.

He said the DAO had been receiving verbal complaints about the misappropriation
of such amounts distributed to different cooperatives. "We have been receiving
complaints that the distributed grants have been used for buying motorcycles,
sending their kin for foreign employment and investing in other businesses of
the persons involved in the cooperatives," he added.

"Such a situation had arisen as the new cooperatives were registered without
adequate investigation of the persons involved in the new cooperatives," said an
official of the DAO.

The District Administration Office had received hundreds of applications to open
new cooperatives for fair price shops. Sources said that the district
administration registered the cooperatives without giving adequate care to the
procedures of registration.

As per the regulation, there should be representation of one person from a
family but it has been found in some cooperatives that the father was secretary
and the son treasurer.

"We have received complaints about some cooperatives engaging five members from
a single family," said Pawan Tiwari, technical assistant at the DAO. "We are
unaware of how the district administration registered such cooperatives An
official of the DAO said that in some cooperatives, some members had forged the
signatures of other members.

An official with the district administration Akawar Khan said that he had also
heard about such complaints. "We will take action against such cooperatives if
we get written complaints." he said. Published by HT Syndication with permission
from EKantipur.com. For more information on news feed please contact Sarabjit
Jagirdar at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

For any query with respect to this article or any other content requirement,
please contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: September 1, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                 Copyright 2009 Kantipur Publications Pvt. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              389 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                Cornish Guardian

                                  July 1, 2009

£1.8m share will make a difference;
Projects designed to make a difference to their local communities could benefit
from a share in £1.8 million.

SECTION: Pg. 71

LENGTH: 223 words


The West Cornwall Local Action Group announced the launch of this funding from
the Rural Development Programme for England, which is jointly funded by the EU
and Defra, last week.

The types of projects which can be helped include innovation in rural
businesses, access to the environment, the development of co-operatives or
social enterprises, business or village hubs,   co-ordinated and managed
community facilities, improvement of quality of life, access to services, and
projects to promote links between rural tourism and the local food economy.

Competition

Rex Sadler, chair of the West Cornwall Local Action Group, said: "I really want
to see project ideas and grant applications from smaller groups in the rural
areas.

"We've spent a long time bidding in the competition for this funding and are
pleased to get it launched.

"I would like to see people from the grassroots putting their projects forward."

West Cornwall Local Action covers the areas known as Penwith and Kerrier except
for Camborne, Pool and Redruth and grants may be made to rural businesses,
community or voluntary groups, social enterprises, or charities.

Clare Leverton, the local action group manager said: "We've put together a
simple guideline for the funding and I can send this out to any group which is
interested."

Call Clare on 01209 611116 for more information.

LOAD-DATE: July 3, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 59


                        Copyright 2009 Cornish Guardian
                              All Rights Reserved


                              390 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             March 31, 2015 Tuesday

WASHINGTON:USDA Awards Loans and Grants to Support Rural Economic Development

LENGTH: 545  words

DATELINE: Palouse Grain Growers


Palouse Grain Growers has issued the following news release:

Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack today announced the award of $31 million in
loans and grants for organizations in 12 states to promote rural economic
development.

"These infrastructure investments will help rural residents start or expand
businesses," Vilsack said. "The funds can be used for a wide range of needs.
They can help businesses increase production and manufacturing capacity, and can
even help rural homeowners save money by making their homes more energy
efficient."

The funding is being provided through USDA's Rural Economic Development Loan and
Grant (REDLG) program. Vilsack today announced $31 million in loans and grants
for 38 projects in 12 states.

Through the REDLG program, USDA provides zero-interest loans and grants to
utilities that lend funds to local businesses for projects to create and retain
employment in rural areas. These revolving loan funds broaden the program's
reach and create a multiplier effect for its impact. Eligible applicants are
USDA Rural Utilities Service borrowers. Innovative USDA investments through this
program are boosting economic development in rural communities all across the
country, Vilsack noted.

In North Carolina, the Four County Electric Membership Corp. has been selected
to receive a $2 million loan to help Pender County buy equipment for a new
seafood manufacturing plant to be located in the county. This project is
expected to create 120 full-time jobs at the facility.

The City of Sevierville, Tenn., is receiving a $2 million loan help the KaTom
Restaurant Supply Co. renovate a warehouse to create a training center for
employees and for customers who buy equipment. This project will add 15
employees to the company's workforce.

North Carolina's Tideland Electric Membership Corp. has been approved for a
$540,000 loan and $300,000 grant to help a charter school build a
57,000-square-foot classroom. The beneficiary of the loan is one of the oldest
charter schools in the state.

The awards announced today are contingent upon the recipients meeting the terms
of the loan or grant agreement. View the complete list of awards.

Since the beginning of the Obama Administration, the REDLG program has helped
create or save more than 32,000 rural jobs, provided almost $338 million in
economic development assistance, improved manufacturing capability, expanded
health care and educational facilities and helped expand or establish almost
1,200 rural businesses and community projects.

In 2013, Rural Development awarded a $1 million loan to the Dakota Valley
Electric Cooperative, which used part of the funds to help LaMoure Housing, Inc.
construct a building that is home to the grocery store and hardware store in the
small, rural town of LaMoure, N.D. (population 889).

President Obama's plan for rural America has brought about historic investment
and resulted in stronger rural communities. Under the President's leadership,
these investments in housing, community facilities, businesses and
infrastructure have empowered rural America to continue leading the way -
strengthening America's economy, small towns and rural communities.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:
editorial@plusme.com

LOAD-DATE: May 9, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              391 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                     The Pantagraph (Bloomington, Illinois)

                             April 14, 2008 Monday

Grant to mean jobs for Downs

BYLINE: By Bob Holliday;bholliday@pantagraph.com

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A1

LENGTH: 339 words


DOWNS - A $300,000 federal grant will help finance extension of a water main to
Downs Crossing and lead to creation of 28 jobs, Mayor Jeff Schwartz said.

"That's a lot of job opportunities for my citizens," Schwartz said, adding the
additional commercial development that the water main will help generate could
lead to more sales tax for the village.

The jobs would be connected to a senior citizens' assisted living facility
expected to be built at Downs Crossing. Schwartz said the facility is 1½ to 2
years away from construction.

The grant comes from the U.S. Department of Agriculture Rural Economic
Development Loan and Grant program and goes to Corn Belt Energy Corp.,
Bloomington. Corn Belt will establish a revolving loan fund, of which Downs will
be the first borrower.

The 10-year loan that Downs will receive carries no interest, said Molly
Hammond, a spokeswoman for the U.S. Department of Agriculture, Rural
Development.

The water main, together with sewers for the commercial development at U.S. 150
and Towanda Barnes Road, is expected to prompt economic development there.

The water main extension will cost about $1 million total, with much of the cost
being paid out of tax-increment finance funds, Schwartz said.

Schwartz hopes work on the water line extension could begin late this year or
early next year.

Downs Crossing has three businesses now: a bank, Corn Belt Energy, and storage
facilities. However, Schwartz foresees a convenience store and car wash and
senior citizen condos in addition to the assisted living facility.

Hammond said 64 loans and grants totaling more than $30 million were awarded to
assist rural communities and businesses in 19 states.

Corn Belt was among four Illinois electric cooperatives awarded a total of $2.82
million for projects expected to create and retain jobs in their rural service
areas.

CUTLINE:

PUB:  The Pantagraph

PUB DATE:  20080414

Section:  News

EDITION:  Main

QRKPAGE:  1

PAGE SLUG:  A1

XMLFILE:  31075149.txt

DOC NAME:  A01 041408 downs crossing

CREATOR:

LOAD-DATE: April 15, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: /* //JCL004 EXEC JCL004,COND=(0,NE), // USER=<RPCODE>, // OWNER=I03 //
//I1A<RPCODE> JOB (PR,33FB,0,99,0,,,,,0A0F00FA,0A0C00CQ,A4858,), // 'NEWSVIEW:
<RPCODE>', // MSGCLASS=X, // CLASS=I /*ROUTE XEQ DCC /*JOBPARM
S=ANY,PROCLIB=PROCIPOP /*ROUTE PRINT DCC //JOBLIB DD
DSN=PI00.LPA00.EXECLIB,DISP=SHR // DD DSN=PI00.LPA99.EXECLIB,DISP=SHR //RJEIP
EXEC MDCRJEDK, // USER=<RPCODE>, // OWNER=I03 //SYSUT1 DD *

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2008 The Pantagraph


                              392 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                    January 19, 1991, Saturday, City Edition

Grant clinches Wal-Mart project

BYLINE: ROBERT KEEFE; VICTORIA WHITE

SECTION: HERNANDO TIMES; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 605 words

DATELINE: BROOKSVILLE



The state Department of Commerce has agreed to spend $ 2-million for road
improvements in eastern Hernando County, clearing the biggest hurdle that
remained for Wal-Mart Stores Inc.  to build a giant distribution center near
Interstate 75.

    "We're elated," said James Kimbrough, a Brooksville banker who helped lure
Wal-Mart to the county. Kimbrough, along with Hernando County officials, lobbied
for the grant before the department's Economic Development Transportation
Committee on Friday.

    "This thing is going to help this entire region of Florida that's what I
shared with the DOC," said Kimbrough, whose family owns property around the
planned distribution center. "Their affirmative votes have helped diversify the
economy of this entire Citrus-Hernando-Pasco area."

    Wal-Mart announced last week that it would build the center on a 200-acre
site on Kettering Road just south of State Road 50 contingent on the county
getting the Commerce Department grant.

    The 1.1-million-square-foot distribution center is expected to employ 200
people when it opens in the fall of 1992, and 500 people by 1994. Employment
could continue to grow after that. Wal-Mart distribution centers elsewhere that
are comparable in size employ more than 1,200 people.

    The distribution center is expected to create an annual payroll of $
12-million or more, and add an estimated $ 278,000 a year to the county's tax
rolls.

    "What that does for a county like ours that has an unemployment of more than
7 percent is put us in a real good position," said County Commission Chairman
Harold Varvel, who also lobbied for the grant on Friday. "Especially in times
like these, when home construction is off like it is."

     The state money is earmarked for specific road improvements near the
center, said Department of Commerce spokeswoman Kathryn Foreman.

    They include removal of a bridge on SR 50 that crosses an abandoned railroad
line, enlarging Kettering Road to four lanes between SR 50 and the site, and
building an access road off SR 50.

    Friday's grant approval clears the way for the sale of the property by the
Urban Rural Development Corp. (URADCO) to Wal-Mart, which is expected to be
complete by the end of April, said Billy Brown, URADCO's executive vice
president.

    URADCO is a development subsidiary of the Withlacoochee River Electric
Cooperative.

    Brown, who also is general manager of the cooperative, said any profits from
the sale of the property will go toward the cooperative's capital fund. There,
the money may be used for future development projects, and some of it eventually
may filter down to cooperative members through lower or stable electricity
rates.

    Terms of the property transaction are not being disclosed.

    In addition to the state-financed road improvements, the county will spend
approximately $ 701,000 to improve water and sewer service to the Wal-Mart site
and adjacent property.

    That expenditure will be reimbursed by $ 307,000 in sewer-connection fees
Wal-Mart will pay and with fees paid by others who connect to the improvements
in the future, said County Utilities Manager Richard Radacky.

    Wal-Mart officials are expected to begin applying for county and Southwest
Florida Water Management District (Swiftmud) permits next month.

    Construction on the project is expected to begin in the fall.
 Staff writer Victoria White contributed to this report.

LOAD-DATE: November 12, 1992

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: HERNANDO TIMES

                            Times Publishing Company


                              393 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                US Official News

                            November 16, 2015 Monday

Washington: Sussex County communities awarded more than $5 million from USDA

LENGTH: 581 words

DATELINE: Lahore



    Washington: Office of the MP John Carney has issued the following news
release:



 Today, Delaware&rsquo;s Congressional Delegation announced that almost $5.3
million in federal grants and loans from the U.S. Department of Agriculture were
awarded to various communities in Sussex County, Delaware. Delmar, Georgetown,
and Lewes will all receive assistance from the USDA&rsquo;s Rural Development,
Community Facilities grant program.





 &ldquo;Delaware's communities have benefitted greatly from the USDA's Rural
Development's Community Facilities grants, which aim to help our small towns
provide essential services to its residents,&rdquo; said U.S. Sen. Tom Carper.
&ldquo;From patrol cars for police departments, to energy efficiency upgrades
for town buildings, these grants are important taxpayer investments that help
our smaller communities meet their needs.&rdquo;



 "This is great news for some of the quickly growing towns in Sussex County,"
said Sen. Coons. "As communities grow, so do the needs of the residents. We are
thankful to USDA Rural Development for these invaluable loans and grants. I am
confident that they will be put to good use to ensure greater public safety and
much needed support for mental health services downstate."



 &ldquo;Sussex is the fasting growing county in Delaware, which requires that
communities across the county have resources to upgrade and expand the services
they provide to their residents,&rdquo; said Congressman Carney. &ldquo;These
Rural Development grants will make a major difference in addressing those needs
and improving the lives of Delawareans throughout Sussex County.&rdquo;



 The projects awarded funding include:



 &bull; The Town of Delmar was awarded $50,000 to purchase portable/mobile
radios and to upgrade existing radios for its Police Department. The radios will
enable Delmar officers to better communicate with the State Police and State
Emergency Communications systems in both Delaware and Maryland.



 &bull; Connections Community Support Program received a $5.05 million loan to
establish a Withdrawal Management Center serving Kent and Sussex Counties. The
loan allows Connections to purchase an existing facility and upgrade the
services provided to include medical, substance abuse, and psychiatric
treatment.



 &bull; Georgetown Fire Company was awarded $25,000 to purchase portable radios
for its volunteer firefighters. The grant will enable to company to purchase
enough radios for all firefighters to communicate in an emergency.



 &bull; The Lewes Public Library was awarded $50,000 to furnish the library.



 In a separate announcement from the USDA Agricultural Marketing Service, the
Historic Lewes Farmers Market was awarded a $99,229.99 grant.  These funds will
be used to expand access to produce from local farms and to pinpoint best
practices that will help improve farmers markets across the United States.



 USDA Rural Development grants can be used to fund projects that bring housing,
community facilities, business guarantees, utilities and other services to rural
America. USDA provides technical assistance and financial backing for rural
businesses and cooperatives to create quality jobs in rural areas. Rural
Development works with low-income individuals, state, local and Indian tribal
governments, as well as private and nonprofit organizations and user-owned
cooperatives



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:

 editorial@plusme.com

LOAD-DATE: November 17, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

               Copyright2015Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              394 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                US Official News

                           November 14, 2015 Saturday

Washington: Sussex County communities awarded more than $5 million from USDA

LENGTH: 580 words

DATELINE: Lahore



    Washington: Office of the Senator Tom Carper has issued the following news
release:



 Today, Delaware&rsquo;s Congressional Delegation announced that almost $5.3
million in federal grants and loans from the U.S. Department of Agriculture were
awarded to various communities in Sussex County, Delaware. Delmar, Georgetown,
and Lewes will all receive assistance from the USDA&rsquo;s Rural Development,
Community Facilities grant program.





 &ldquo;Delaware's communities have benefitted greatly from the USDA's Rural
Development's Community Facilities grants, which aim to help our small towns
provide essential services to its residents,&rdquo; said U.S. Sen. Tom Carper.
&ldquo;From patrol cars for police departments, to energy efficiency upgrades
for town buildings, these grants are important taxpayer investments that help
our smaller communities meet their needs.&rdquo;



 "This is great news for some of the quickly growing towns in Sussex County,"
said Sen. Coons. "As communities grow, so do the needs of the residents. We are
thankful to USDA Rural Development for these invaluable loans and grants. I am
confident that they will be put to good use to ensure greater public safety and
much needed support for mental health services downstate."



 &ldquo;Sussex is the fasting growing county in Delaware, which requires that
communities across the county have resources to upgrade and expand the services
they provide to their residents,&rdquo; said Congressman Carney. &ldquo;These
Rural Development grants will make a major difference in addressing those needs
and improving the lives of Delawareans throughout Sussex County.&rdquo;



 The projects awarded funding include:



     The Town of Delmar was awarded $50,000 to purchase portable/mobile radios
and to upgrade existing radios for its Police Department. The radios will enable
Delmar officers to better communicate with the State Police and State Emergency
Communications systems in both Delaware and Maryland.



     Connections Community Support Program received a $5.05 million loan to
establish a Withdrawal Management Center serving Kent and Sussex Counties. The
loan allows Connections to purchase an existing facility and upgrade the
services provided to include medical, substance abuse, and psychiatric
treatment.



     Georgetown Fire Company was awarded $25,000 to purchase portable radios for
its volunteer firefighters. The grant will enable to company to purchase enough
radios for all firefighters to communicate in an emergency.



     The Lewes Public Library was awarded $50,000 to furnish the library.



 In a separate announcement from the USDA Agricultural Marketing Service, the
Historic Lewes Farmers Market was awarded a $99,229.99 grant.  These funds will
be used to expand access to produce from local farms and to pinpoint best
practices that will help improve farmers markets across the United States.



 USDA Rural Development grants can be used to fund projects that bring housing,
community facilities, business guarantees, utilities and other services to rural
America. USDA provides technical assistance and financial backing for rural
businesses and cooperatives to create quality jobs in rural areas. Rural
Development works with low-income individuals, state, local and Indian tribal
governments, as well as private and nonprofit organizations and user-owned
cooperatives.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: November 15, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

               Copyright2015Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              395 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                   Vancouver Business Journal (Vancouver, WA)

                           September 27, 2002 Friday

USDA announces funding for business enterprise program

BYLINE: Vancouver Business Journal

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 494 words



USDA Rural Development is accepting applications for the Rural Business
Enterprise Grant Program, announced Jackie J. Gleason, Washington state
director.

The program -- RBEG -- provides grants to eligible public bodies; private
nonprofit corporations and federally recognized Indian tribes. For-profit
businesses are ineligible applicants. Eligible areas are incorporated
communities of 50,000 or less which are not becoming urbanized, and
unincorporated rural areas.

Grants must be used to finance and facilitate development of small and emerging
private business enterprises located in rural areas of the State. Small and
emerging businesses are generally defined as a private business, which will
employ 50 or fewer new employees, and have less than $1 million in projected
gross revenue.

More specifically, RBEG funds may be used for: acquisition and development of
land; construction of buildings, plants, equipment, access streets and roads,
parking areas, utility and service extensions; refinancing; fees for
professional services for planning and development of the project; technical
assistance; startup operating costs and working capital; providing financial
assistance to a third party through a revolving loan fund; production of
television programs to provide information to rural residents; and creation,
expansion and operation of rural distance learning networks.

Funds may not be used for: comprehensive area-wide planning, financing of
agriculture production, or promoting an area to attract businesses.

Applications will be accepted at the Rural Business-Cooperative Service State
Office located at 1606 Perry St., Suite E, Yakima, WA 98902, until close of
business (4:30 p.m.), Oct. 28. This will be the only round of funding for fiscal
year 2003. The funding process is expected to be very competitive for the amount
of assistance available. Forms needed to make application are available
electronically.

For more details regarding the program, or to obtain an application, please
contact one of the following individuals:

* Dan McNeley -- 1606 Perry St, Suite E, Yakima, WA 98902, (509) 454-5743 ext. 5

Island, King, Kittitas, Klickitat, San Juan, Skagit, Snohomish, Whatcom and
Yakima Counties;

* Clint Kaasa -- 1835 Black Lake Blvd. Suite B, Olympia, WA 98512, (360)
704-7762

Clallam, Clark, Cowlitz, Grays Harbor, Jefferson, Kitsap, Lewis, Mason, Pacific,
Skamania, Thurston, and Wahkiakum Counties;

* Leroy Debes -- 1908 Dale Lane, Spokane, WA 99212, (509) 924-7350 ext. 4

Adams, Asotin, Benton, Columbia, Douglas, Ferry, Franklin, Garfield, Grant,
Lincoln, Okanogan, Pend Oreille, Spokane, Stevens, Walla Walla, and Whitman
Counties.

USDA Rural Development is dedicated to enhancing the ability of rural
communities to develop, grow and improve their quality of life by targeting
financial assistance and technical resources in areas of greatest need through
activities of greatest potential.

LOAD-DATE: November 19, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Government activity

                      Copyright 2002 Dolan Media Newswires


                              396 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                              The Bismarck Tribune

                             January 2, 1995 Monday

LENGTH: 507 words


MINOT (AP) -- State agriculture officials say farmers' cooperatives have taken
off in recent years, despite U.S. Department of Agriculture figures that show
they are actually on the decline in North Dakota. Between 1983 and 1993, the
number of farmer cooperatives in North Dakota dropped from 396 to 302, and the
number of co-op members fell from 163,221 to fewer than 146,671 during the same
period, according to the USDA's Rural Development Administration. But those
numbers are misleading, said Randall Torgerson, assistant administrator of
cooperative services with the RDA.

""The numbers follow the long-term trend that we've seen in production
agriculture across the country. We've seen a rather consistent decline in the
number of producers. We've seen consolidation take place among cooperatives,''
he said. ""Those two trends kind of parallel each other.'' ""It's not that
co-ops have failed, it's simply a change in technology,'' said David Cobia,
director of the Quentin Burdick Center for Cooperatives in Fargo. ""Farmers can
drive further to do business. Each co-op can be bigger, and have lower costs. We
simply don't need as many co-ops today as we did yesterday.'' Torgerson said the
total business volume of farmer cooperatives in North Dakota increased from $1.8
billion in 1983 to $3.1 billion in 1993. Farmer-owned cooperatives are nothing
new in North Dakota. Cobia said marketing, supply, and service co-ops have been
around ever since farmers felt a need to keep transportation costs down and to
protect themselves from monopolies. He said value-added processing co-ops are
just the newest wave. The Aug. 9, 1990, meeting at which the Dakota Growers
Pasta Co. got its start is ""the birth date of co-op fever in North Dakota,''
said Bill Patrie, director of the Cooperative Development Center in Mandan.
""Dakota Growers is showing it can be done,'' he said. ""People are looking for
this opportunity now, when before they never would have thought about it.''
State Agriculture Commissioner Sarah Vogel said the impetus for value-added
co-ops was Growing North Dakota I, an economic development package that passed
the 1991 Legislature. The effort included $200,000 in grant money to provide
technical grants to developing co-ops. Vogel compared North Dakota with South
Dakota and other states that have little value-added processing.""The difference
is public policy,'' she said. ""You wouldn't have a pasta co-op or a bison co-op
without some of those programs.'' About 40 groups in the state are in various
stages of planning a co-op, Patrie said. Many are value-added co-ops, but Patrie
said he doesn't think the state is moving away from the supply and marketing
co-ops that have played a key role in the success of agriculture in North
Dakota.

CUTLINE ASSOCIATED PRESS Gary Price of Minot checks out some of his garlic
harvest on Thursday. Price and his wife, Clara Sue, own one of the approximately
40 garlic-producing farms in the state, and hope to band those producers
together into a specialty crop association.

LOAD-DATE: May 9, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


       Copyright 1995 The Bismarck Tribune, a division of Lee Enterprises
                              All Rights Reserved


                              397 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                         Deming Headlight (New Mexico)

                            January 30, 2007 Tuesday

USDA Rural Development Renewable Energy Workshops

BYLINE: For the Headlight

SECTION: LOCAL

LENGTH: 486 words


To be Held in Rural New Mexico

For the Headlight

ALBUQUERQUE   USDA Rural Development State Director Ryan Gleason announced that
Rural Development will present a series of workshops designed to teach
individuals and businesses located in rural communities how to access financing
for renewable energy projects.

In making the announcement, Gleason said, "Although most people don't realize
it, rural America is playing a vital role in moving our nation away from the
dependence on foreign oil as our primary source of energy." Gleason added, "We
have seen increased production and development of alternative power sources such
as ethanol, biofuels and wind energy in rural communities, farms, and ranches
across the nation."

Currently, the U.S. Department of Agriculture Rural Development offers financing
for eligible renewable energy and energy efficiency projects with both grants
and guaranteed loans through its 9006 program. This program funds grants and
loan guarantees to eligible rural small businesses, farmers, ranchers and other
agricultural producers to assist in purchasing renewable energy systems and
making energy efficiency improvements.

Under the 9006 program, USDA Rural Development will guarantee a loan of up to
$10 million. For renewable energy systems, the minimum grant request is $2,500
and the maximum is $500,000. For energy efficiency improvements, the minimum
grant request is $1,500 and the maximum is $250,000. However, no more than 25%
of an eligible project costs can be in the form of a grant.

Renewable energy systems include biofuels, wind, solar, geothermal and
hydrogen-based projects using commercially proven technology. Energy efficiency
projects include improvements to a facility, building or process that reduce
energy consumption such as upgrading electric motors in equipment, more energy
efficient lighting, insulation, and upgrading electrical or heating systems.

More information on both components of the 9006 program can be found at:
http://www.rurdev.usda.gov/rbs/farmbill .

USDA Rural Development will host workshops in February and March of 2007 in New
Mexico to provide producers and rural businesses with information on what is
available and how to make an application for assistance. Rural areas include any
area other than cities or towns of greater than 50,000 population and the
immediate and adjacent urbanized areas of the cities or towns. Eligible small
businesses include sole proprietorships, partnerships, corporations and
cooperatives that meet the Small Business Administration's (SBA) small business
size standards.

The application process has been simplified, with projects under $200,000
eligible for a streamlined submission process.

Dates and times for the workshops will soon be announced. Interested parties can
request application material or participants can learn more and register for
these workshops by calling Rural Development at (505) 761-4953.

###

LOAD-DATE: July 17, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


          Copyright 2007 Deming Headlight, a MediaNews Group Newspaper
                              All Rights Reserved


                              398 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                       Herald-Times, Bloomington, Indiana

                           October 27, 2005, Thursday

Herald-Times, Bloomington, Ind., business briefs column

LENGTH: 478 words



IVY TECH OFFERS FREE WARDROBE ADVICE: Need a wardrobe that works?

A free event at Ivy Tech tonight will showcase business attire for interviews,
networking and meetings.

Titled "Dress for Success -- Creating Your Best Impression," the event is
scheduled for 6 to 8 p.m. in the Student Commons at the Ivy Tech campus. The
public is invited to join Ivy Tech for this free event sponsored by the Student
Government Association, the Ivy Tech Bookstore, Talbot's and L.S. Ayres.

The event features clothing modeled by Ivy Tech students, faculty and staff and
will be moderated by local experts in the fashion industry.

Following the demonstration will be a reception with food and beverages provided
by Jack Cody, of Smokin' Jack's Rib Shack, with music provided by the Hoosier
Youth Philharmonic String Ensemble.


LOCAL GROWERS GUILD RECEIVES STATE GRANT: The Bloomington-based Local Growers
Guild recently received a $ 7,475 grant from the Indiana Cooperative Development
Center.

The funding will be utilized to conduct due diligence in business planning,
feasibility analysis, creating marketing plans and obtaining legal counsel to
assist in incorporating businesses.

The Indiana Cooperative Development Center is a nonprofit organization created
to provide assistance to groups as they form cooperatives, marketing alliances
and other forms of collaborative businesses.

It is supported by funding from the USDA-Rural Development, the Indiana State
Department of Agriculture, Purdue University and multiple statewide partners who
provide in-kind contributions.


MONROE BANCORP REPORTS THIRD-QUARTER EARNINGS:

Monroe Bancorp reported net income of $ 1,908,000, or $ 0.32 per basic and
diluted common share, for the quarter ended Sept. 30, 2005, compared to $
1,750,000 or $ 0.29 per basic and diluted common share for the same period in
2004. This represents a 9 percent increase in net income.

Return on average assets and return on average shareholders' equity were 1.13
percent and 15.24 percent respectively for the third quarter, compared with 1.14
percent and 15.14 percent for the same period in 2004.

The company reported net income of $ 5,403,000, or $ 0.90 per basic and diluted
common share, for the third quarter, compared to $ 4,977,000, or $ 0.83 per
basic and $ 0.82 per diluted common share, for the same period in 2004. This
represents an 8.6 percent increase in net income.


-----

To see more of the Herald-Times, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.hoosiertimes.com. Copyright (c) 2005, Herald-Times, Bloomington, Ind.

Distributed by Knight Ridder/Tribune Business News.

For information on republishing this content, contact us at (800) 661-2511
(U.S.), (213) 237-4914 (worldwide), fax (213) 237-6515, or e-mail
reprints@krtinfo.com.  MROE,

LOAD-DATE: October 28, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

KR-ACC-NO: BM-BIZ-BRIEFS-20051027

JOURNAL-CODE: BM

               Copyright 2005 Knight Ridder/Tribune Business News
               Copyright 2005 Herald-Times, Bloomington, Indiana


                              399 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            October 20, 2015 Tuesday

Agency Information Collection Activities; Proposals, Submissions, and Approvals

LENGTH: 667 words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Washington, DC:  This Notice document was issued by the Rural Business
Cooperative Service (RBS)



  The Department of Agriculture has submitted the following information
collection requirement(s) to OMB for review and clearance under the Paperwork
Reduction Act of 1995, Public Law 104-13. Comments regarding (a) whether the
collection of information is necessary for the proper performance of the
functions of the agency, including whether the information will have practical
utility; (b) the accuracy of the agency's estimate of burden including the
validity of the methodology and assumptions used; (c) ways to enhance the
quality, utility and clarity of the information to be collected; (d) ways to
minimize the burden of the collection of information on those who are to
respond, including through the use of appropriate automated, electronic,
mechanical, or other technological collection techniques or other forms of
information technology should be addressed to: Desk Officer for Agriculture,
Office of Information and Regulatory Affairs, Office of Management and Budget
(OMB), New Executive Office Building, 725 17th Street NW., Washington, DC 20502.
Commenters are encouraged to submit their comments to OMB via email to:

OIRA_Submission@omb.eop.gov or fax (202) 395-5806 and to Departmental Clearance
Office, USDA, OCIO, Mail Stop 7602, Washington, DC 20250-7602. Comments
regarding these information collections are best assured of having their full
effect if received by November 19, 2015. Copies of the submission(s) may be
obtained by calling (202) 720-8681.



 An agency may not conduct or sponsor a collection of information unless the
collection of information displays a currently valid OMB control number and the
agency informs potential persons who are to respond to the collection of
information that such persons are not required to respond to the collection of
information unless it displays a currently valid OMB control number.

 Rural Business-Cooperative Service



 Title: Strategic Economic and Community Development.



 OMB Control Number: 0570-0068.



 Summary of Collection: As authorized under the Agricultural Act of 2014 (2014
Farm Bill), Section 6025, Strategic Economic and Community Development enables
the Secretary of Agriculture to provide priority to projects that support
Strategic Economic and Community Development plans. The Agency will reserve up
to 10 percent of the funds appropriated to the following seven Rural Development
programs (which are referred to as the &ldquo;underlying programs&rdquo;):
Community Facility Grants; Community Facility Guaranteed Loans; Community
Facility Direct Loans; Water and Waste Disposal Loans and Grants; Water and
Waste Disposal Guaranteed Loans; Business and Industry Guaranteed Loans and
Rural Business Development Grants each fiscal year.



 Need and use of the Information: To be eligible for the reserved funds a
project must meet three criteria: Projects must first be eligible for funding
under the underlying program from which funds are reserved; carried out solely
in rural areas and that the project support the implementation of a strategic
economic development or community development plan on a multi-jurisdictional
basis as defined in 7 CFR 1980.1005. Applicants will submit information on the
Application Form 1980-88, the Plan that the project supports, and the project's
measures, metrics and outcome. The collection of information is necessary for
the Agency to identify projects eligible for the reserved funding under the
Section 6025 program and to prioritize eligible applications.



 Description of Respondents: Business or other for-profit.



 Number of Respondents: 374.



 Frequency of Responses: Reporting: On occasion.



 Total Burden Hours: 3,348.

 Charlene Parker,

 Departmental Information Collection Clearance Officer.

 [FR Doc. 2015-26528 Filed 10-19-15; 8:45 am]

 BILLING CODE 3410-XY-P



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 21, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              400 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       Tablelands Advertiser (Australia)

                             August 27, 2010 Friday
                                   1 Edition

Awards now open for state's rural women

SECTION: TODAYS FARMER; Pg. 20

LENGTH: 424  words


WOMEN with ideas, enthusiasm and commitment have the chance to be recognised for
their contribution to Queensland's primary industries sector.

Applications for the annual Rural Industries Research and Development
Corporation's Rural Women's Award are now open for 2011 and Tableland women are
being encouraged to apply.

Department of Employment, Economic Development and Innovation award co-ordinator
Natalie Schultz encouraged women from across all rural industries to apply.

"If you are passionate about making a difference to your industry or rural
community then you should apply," she said.

"The award process provides women with an important leadership and capacity
building opportunity.

"Finalists have the opportunity to participate in a range of skill-building
workshops and meet the Minister for Primary Industries, Fisheries and Rural and
Regional Queensland, Tim Mulherin, and senior DEEDI leaders."

The winner will receive a $10,000 bursary aimed at assisting them to develop
their skills and contribute to profitable and sustainable primary industries in
Queensland.

Past winners and finalists have come from the feedlot industry, conservation,
horticulture, sheep and cattle producing, wool growing, in sugar and the
kangaroo industry.

This year's winner, partner in a macropod harvesting enterprise in southwest
Queensland, Sharyn Garrett, is using her bursary to develop a business strategy.

"Sharyn's project will review current operations and provide recommendations to
assist the co-operative to become an even more efficient and sustainable
operation," Ms Shultz said

Ms Garrett's vision is for landholders and harvesters to work co-operatively to
recognise and utilise the kangaroo as a resource, and not just a pest.

She is currently working to establish the first-ever kangaroo harvesters and
growers co-operative and will use the award bursary to develop the
co-operative's business strategy.

The co-operative will provide rangeland landholders with the opportunity to
invest in a business that utilises kangaroos and generates income from them.

Ms Garrett believes the co-operative will result in higher returns for
producers, better kangaroo management practices and less pressure on
Queensland's grazing land.

Applications for the 2011 Rural Women's Award close on October 15 2010, which is
also World Rural Women's Day.

n For more information about the Rural Industries Research and Development
Corporation's Rural Women's Award contact Ms Schultz on 07 3239 3515, email
wiriu@deedi.qld.gov.au or visit www.ruralwomensaward.gov.au.

LOAD-DATE: September 9, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: TMA


                   Copyright 2010 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              401 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                Tampa Bay Times

                            October 12, 2012 Friday

Grant to help improve areas

BYLINE: LEE LOGAN, Times Staff Writer

SECTION: PASCO TIMES; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 620 words



HIGHLIGHT: The Lacoochee and Trilby communities will see the benefits of the
federal money.


Pasco County on Thursday landed a $300,000 federal grant to create a "road map"
for revitalizing the impoverished Lacoochee and Trilby communities.

The grant is part of the U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development's
Choice Neighborhoods program. The award will focus on long-term strategies to
improve the area, but it could also pave the way for greater federal investment.
After completing the two-year planning process, Lacoochee would be a good
candidate for a larger "implementation" grant to pay for tangible improvements.

"It's another positive step for that community," said David Lambert, an
executive at Withlacoochee River Electric Cooperative, which has been working on
improving conditions in the area for several years. "It's been a long time
coming, but it's definitely heading in the right direction."

Lacoochee is one of 17 communities across the country to receive the planning
grant this year, and one of only a few rural areas. It is the only Florida
community to win a planning grant this year. In August, the Tampa Housing
Authority was named one of nine finalists for the larger Choice Neighborhood
"implementation" grant. Winners of that award have not yet been announced.

George Romagnoli, Pasco's community development manager, said it's important
that HUD is starting to look at poor rural communities. All of the previous
winners of the larger implementation awards were inner-city neighborhoods.

"Hopefully after the two years are over they'll want to do a rural area like
Lacoochee," he said.

Once a thriving community on a major railroad line in northeast Pasco, Lacoochee
never really recovered after the Cummer Cypress Co. sawmill closed in 1959.
Today it's Pasco's poorest community, with nearly all the kids at Lacoochee
Elementary School getting free meals because their parents' incomes fall below
the federal poverty line. Half of the adults in the 1,700-resident community
lack a high school education. The main industries are convenience stores.

The community gained prominence after the 2003 shooting death of sheriff's Lt.
Charles "Bo" Harrison, killed while on patrol near a nightclub. Efforts to
improve Lacoochee have gained traction in recent years.

The federal money that HUD awarded Thursday will be matched by $50,000 from the
county and in-kind services worth $150,000 from the electric utility to recruit
businesses and provide other economic development efforts.

In short, the grant would pay for an in-depth look at Lacoochee and nearby
Trilby, which is home to about 400 people. "It's to help develop the road map of
the way we want to go," Romagnoli said.

That includes assessing housing conditions and finding ways to increase job
training, health care and other social services. The plan also calls for
designing four new public housing developments and creating master plans for
roads and utilities.

All of Lacoochee's public housing developments date to the late 1970s or early
'80s. The county's application notes that 33 percent of homes in the area need
moderate renovations and 19 percent require "substantial" rehab work. Another 10
percent are dilapidated and should be razed.

The planning process would build on a 2009 study focused on infrastructure and
community identity. Those studies can then be used to guide public investment
for housing or infrastructure and help convince businesses to locate in the
area.

County officials decided in the spring to go after the smaller planning grant
instead of a $10 million Choice Neighborhoods award. They said the county would
have little chance of landing the larger award right now and would improve its
odds after finishing the planning process.

Lee Logan can be reached at llogan@tampabay.com or (727) 869-6236.

LOAD-DATE: October 12, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright  2012 Times Publishing Company
                              All Rights Reserved


                              402 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                              The Bismarck Tribune

                            July 12, 1995 Wednesday

LENGTH: 763 words


BEULAH $4 million development tour begins Cooperatives and new businesses will
be showcased during a four-day ""Four Million Dollar Tour'' beginning today in
North Dakota. The North Dakota Association of Rural Electric Cooperatives and
the North Dakota Association of Telephone Cooperatives are hosting a bus tour
with stops at six rural businesses through Saturday. The tour is called the $4
million tour because that's the amount of federal financing the RECs and RTCs
have coordinated for economic development projects. Tour host Bill Patrie, rural
development director for the RECs and RTCs, said the projects on display are
""models for understanding successful rural development strategy.'' A synopsis
of the tour: þ Today: 3:30 p.m. press conference in Mandan; 4 p.m. presentations
on cooperative development in the state; 7 p.m. supper at Seven Seas motel with
remarks by author Lee Egerstrom.

þ Thursday: 10:30 a.m. tour of Fisher Flying Products in Edgeley; 3 p.m. tour of
Dakota Growers Pasta Plant in Carrington; 6 p.m. tour of North American Bison
Co-op, New Rockford; 8 p.m. supper at Chieftan conference center in Carrington.
þ Friday: 9:30 a.m. tour of Dakota Gasification Plant of Beulah; 11 a.m. tour of
Golden Fisheries of Beulah; 2:30 p.m. tour of Dakota Dairy Specialties of
Hebron; Medora activities round out the day. þ Saturday: 8:30 a.m. morning forum
on cooperative development topics at Roughrider Hotel in Medora; 3:30 p.m. trail
rides around Killdeer. Day ends in Medora and group returns to Bismarck-Mandan
Sunday morning.

Crazy Days renamed Riverfest '95 Beulah's annual Crazy Days festivities will
have a new twist this year as Riverfest '95 activities take shape. The Beulah
Boosters will host their annual summer celebration on Friday and Saturday,
featuring the traditional sidewalk sales. The first-ever Riverfest, sponsored by
the Beulah Parks and Recreation Department at Riverside Park will include
concessions, rollerblade races, a dunk tank, sidewalk sales and face painting.
One of the events is The Great Knife River Nationals Duck Race. Plastic ducks
can be purchased for $5 at various Beulah merchants. At 3 p.m. Saturday the
ducks will be released in the Knife River. The first-place winner will receive a
$500 cash prize. Five additional $100 prizes will be awarded. Other activities
Saturday include a Cops and Kids Fishing Derby, Arts in the Park and Craft Fair,
Show-n-Shine hosted by the Early Iron Rodders and kids carnival. The KHOL Radio
- Coors Light mud volleyball tournament tips begins at noon. ""Thunder Canyon''
will provide musical entertainment at 5 p.m., then play for a dance in the park
beginning at 9 p.m. - Bob Link

DICKINSON University selected for national convention Dickinson State University
has been selected as site for the 1997 American Arachnological Society national
convention. DanMott, who will coordinate the week-long event, says it is unusual
for an institution the size of DSU to host the convention, but there is already
a great deal of interest among society members. Mott says approximately 100
members of the society attend the annual meeting.

DSU prof selected to teach Russians James Leibert, assistant professor of
political science at Dickinson State University, has been selected to serve on a
team that will teach 18 Russian professors about American government and
politics. The project is being funded by a United States Information Agency
Grant. The grant proposal was written by Harry Hansworth, dean of the College of
Law at Southern Illinois University-Carbondale, and John Jackson III, dean of
the Southern Illinois' College of Liberal Arts. The latter was one of Leibert's
professors while Leibert was a doctoral candidate at SIU-Carbondale. The team of
American professors will meet with the Russian educators at SIU-Carbondale for
five weeks and will then travel to Washington to meet until the program ends on
Aug. 13. ""Specifically, we will be teaching them about American political
parties and the research methodology utilized in the social sciences,'' Leibert
said. The Russian professors will return to Russia to work in various American
studies programs. Leibert said the program is not only beneficial to the Russian
educators, but it is also a valuable networking and learning experience for him.
""Professionally, this gives me a chance to meet a lot of important people,
including Valentine Gavrilovna Fedotova, head of Social Philosophy Section,
Institute of Philosophy of the Russian Academy in Moscow and adviser to
""Yabloko,'' one of the Russian reform parties.''

LOAD-DATE: May 9, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


       Copyright 1995 The Bismarck Tribune, a division of Lee Enterprises
                              All Rights Reserved


                              403 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                      The Free Press (Mankato, Minnesota)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                            February 13, 2015 Friday

EDITORIAL: Broadband expansion investments have benefits

BYLINE: The Free Press, Mankato, Minn.

SECTION: COMMENTARY

LENGTH: 498 words


Feb. 13--A proposed expansion of the state's broadband grant program would raise
the speed limit on the information superhighway and offers a boost for
technology-based economic development in rural areas.

That is the aim and that is the hope.

While one can question such government investment in what has mostly been a
private enterprise, there is some argument these investments can be like
investments in a strategic highway interchange that services a new manufacturing
plant.

Less than a year ago, Gov. Mark Dayton signed into law the Border to Border
Broadband Development Grant program that provided about $20 million to help pay
for new broadband Internet infrastructure and service. Companies and
organizations submitted 40 proposals for the competitive grant program
requesting $44 million.

The state only had funding for 17 projects at about $20 million. So Dayton has
proposed expanding the program with new funding of $30 million, a 50 percent
increase in funding.

The broadband grant program operated through the Department of Employment and
Economic Development provides a 50 percent match for projects that expand high
speed Internet access for mostly smaller communities not yet served by broadband
service.

The grants are awarded based on the number and percentage of people underserved
in an area, project cost, project partnerships, project sustainability,
community support and technical assistance available in each project area.

In the recent round of approvals, grants were given to 17 projects that would
serve 6,000 households, 150 businesses and 83 community groups.

R-S Fiber Cooperatives in Sibley County received $1 million to expand broadband
to about 600 underserved households in the area while helping to expand the
overall network to get high speed Internet to thousands more. Other private
partners were committing to a 70 percent match for the overall $3.32 million
program.

The Sibley County project is part of a larger nationwide technology partnership
to develop an incubator for entrepreneurs to develop applications specifically
for R-S Fiber Cooperative in the areas of health care, education, senior
citizens and agriculture.

The Minnesota grant program requires a somewhat rigorous application process to
show potential benefits to creating business, jobs and economic activity. It
also requires private sector investors to match grants thereby making sure
everyone has skin in the game.

It will be important to track the success of the program and detail the number
and type of jobs created under this new initiative.

Dayton's budget proposes expands the spending on this program from $20 million
to $30 million, a 50 percent increase. The demand for the grants this year would
have even exceeded the new proposed spending.

The Legislature should give serious consideration to this program and its
expansion.

___ (c)2015 The Free Press (Mankato, Minn.) Visit The Free Press (Mankato,
Minn.) at www.mankatofreepress.com Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC

LOAD-DATE: February 13, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20150213-FP-EDITORIAL-Broadband-expansion-investments-have-benefits-0213-2015021
3

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: FP


                         Copyright 2015 The Free Press


                              404 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                   The Record-Eagle (Traverse City, Michigan)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                            November 13, 2015 Friday

Pair of local businesses win $250,000 grants

BYLINE: The Record-Eagle, Traverse City, Mich.

SECTION: BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL NEWS

LENGTH: 392 words


Nov. 13--TRAVERSE CITY -- Brengman Brothers LLC and Gallagher's Vineyard and
Winery Corp. each will receive a $250,000 grant from the United States
Department of Agriculture.

The USDA Rural Development's Value-Added Producer Grant program awarded nearly
$34 million to 258 businesses across the nation. Eight recipients in Michigan
received a total of $851,030 from the program.

Rural Development Deputy Under Secretary Vernita F. Dore said in a release that
the funding will help farmers and ranchers develop new products, improve their
operations' bottom lines and help grow a robust local and regional food system.

She said Value-Added Producer Grants provide capital to enable agricultural
producers to grow their business through diversification. The USDA's support is
especially important for new farmers and smaller farm operations, she said.

Value-Added Producer Grants can be used to develop new agricultural products or
additional markets for existing ones. Military veterans, socially-disadvantaged
and beginning farmers and ranchers, operators of small- and medium-sized family
farms and ranches, and farmer and rancher cooperatives are given priority when
applying for these grants.

Gallagher's Vineyard and Winery Corp., of Cedar, was granted $250,000 for
working capital to turn 15 acres of grapes into wine and open a tasting room.

Brengman Brothers LLC, of Traverse City, was granted $250,000 in working capital
to open a second tasting room, in Grand Rapids, with a food pairing option.

Campbell Milarch LLC, of Copemish will receive $19,300 in Rural Development
planning grant funds to be used to develop a business plan, marketing plan and
feasibility study for its "truly Michigan" vinifera vine business.

Leelanau Fruit Company of Suttons Bay, will receive $5,015 to conduct a
feasibility study on of a new market expansion of maraschino cherries.

Funding of each award is contingent on the recipient meeting the terms of the
grant agreement.

Since 2009, USDA has awarded 1,115 Value-Added Producer Grants totaling $154
million.

Rural Development helped 84 agricultural producers carry out local foods
projects in 2014 through almost $8.9 million in Value-Added Producer Grant
awards.

___ (c)2015 The Record-Eagle (Traverse City, Mich.) Visit The Record-Eagle
(Traverse City, Mich.) at record-eagle.com Distributed by Tribune Content
Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: November 18, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20151113-ZK-Pair-of-local-businesses-win-250,000-grants-1113-20151113

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: ZK


                        Copyright 2015 The Record-Eagle


                              405 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            October 20, 2015 Tuesday

FEDERAL REGISTER: Submission for OMB Review; Comment Request

LENGTH: 681 words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Washington: Office of the Federal Register has issued the following notice:



   DEPARTMENT OF AGRICULTURE Rural Business Cooperative Service Submission for
OMB Review; Comment Request October 14, 2015. The Department of Agriculture has
submitted the following information collection requirement(s) to OMB for review
and clearance under the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995, Public Law 104-13.
Comments regarding (a) whether the collection of information is necessary for
the proper performance of the functions of the agency, including whether the
information will have practical utility; (b) the accuracy of the agency's
estimate of burden including the validity of the methodology and assumptions
used; (c) ways to enhance the quality, utility and clarity of the information to
be collected; (d) ways to minimize the burden of the collection of information
on those who are to respond, including through the use of appropriate automated,
electronic, mechanical, or other technological collection techniques or other
forms of information technology should be addressed to: Desk Officer for
Agriculture, Office of Information and Regulatory Affairs, Office of Management
and Budget (OMB), New Executive Office Building, 725 17th Street NW.,
Washington, DC 20502. Commenters are encouraged to submit their comments to OMB
via email to:

OIRA_Submission@omb.eop.gov or fax (202) 395-5806 and to Departmental Clearance
Office, USDA, OCIO, Mail Stop 7602, Washington, DC 20250-7602. Comments
regarding these information collections are best assured of having their full
effect if received by November 19, 2015. Copies of the submission(s) may be
obtained by calling (202) 720-8681. An agency may not conduct or sponsor a
collection of information unless the collection of information displays a
currently valid OMB control number and the agency informs potential persons who
are to respond to the collection of information that such persons are not
required to respond to the collection of information unless it displays a
currently valid OMB control number. Rural Business-Cooperative Service Title:
Strategic Economic and Community Development. OMB Control Number: 0570-0068.
Summary of Collection: As authorized under the Agricultural Act of 2014 (2014
Farm Bill), Section 6025, Strategic Economic and Community Development enables
the Secretary of Agriculture to provide priority to projects that support
Strategic Economic and Community Development plans. The Agency will reserve up
to 10 percent of the funds appropriated to the following seven Rural Development
programs (which are referred to as the ``underlying programs''): Community
Facility Grants; Community Facility Guaranteed Loans; Community Facility Direct
Loans; Water and Waste Disposal Loans and Grants; Water and Waste Disposal
Guaranteed Loans; Business and Industry Guaranteed Loans and Rural Business
Development Grants each fiscal year. Need and use of the Information: To be
eligible for the reserved funds a project must meet three criteria: Projects
must first be eligible for funding under the underlying program from which funds
are reserved; carried out solely in rural areas and that the project support the
implementation of a strategic economic development or community development plan
on a multi-jurisdictional basis as defined in 7 CFR 1980.1005. Applicants will
submit information on the Application Form 1980-88, the Plan that the project
supports, and the project's measures, metrics and outcome. The collection of
information is necessary for the Agency to identify projects eligible for the
reserved funding under the Section 6025 program and to prioritize eligible
applications. Description of Respondents: Business or other for-profit. Number
of Respondents: 374. Frequency of Responses: Reporting: On occasion. Total
Burden Hours: 3,348. Charlene Parker, Departmental Information Collection
Clearance Officer. [FR Doc. 2015-26528 Filed 10-19-15; 8:45 am] BILLING CODE
3410-XY-P



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 20, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              406 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                         Deming Headlight (New Mexico)

                             March 17, 2009 Tuesday

Energy audit applications now being accepted

BYLINE: For the Headlight

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 337 words


For the Headlight

WASHINGTON   Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack today announced that the
department is accepting funding applications from eligible entities for grants
to conduct energy audits under the Rural Energy for America Program.

"For the first time ever, USDA will make grant funding available this year
through the Rural Energy for America Program to help agricultural producers and
rural small businesses obtain audits to identify ways to improve energy
efficiency," Vilsack said. "The assistance provided by this program is in
keeping with President Obama's energy conservation goals for our nation." The
program is authorized in Section 9007 of the 2008 Farm Bill.

The audits are intended to help rural small businesses and agricultural
producers determine where to make changes in their operations to enable them to
reduce energy consumption. Audits are required for renewable energy and energy
efficiency projects funded through REAP that exceed $50,000. States, tribal and
local governments, land grant colleges or universities, other institutions of
higher learning, and electric cooperatives and public power entities are
eligible to receive funds to conduct the audits. Parties seeking audits from the
grantees must pay 25 percent of audit costs.

Applications for grants must be completed and submitted on paper or
electronically no later than June 9. For further details about eligibility rules
and application procedures, see page 10533 of the March 11, 2009, Federal
Register at www.gpoaccess.gov/fr/. USDA Rural Development intends to publish and
seek public comment on a proposed regulation for the REAP program later this
year.

For more information or to apply for this program call your local Rural
Development office in Albuquerque (505-761-4970), Aztec (505-334-3090 Ext. 4),
Carlsbad (575-887-3506 Ext. 4), Las Vegas (505-425-3594 Ext. 4), Los Lunas
(505-865-4643 Ext. 4), or Las Vegas (505-425-3594). Or contact the Rural
Development State Business Programs Office in Albuquerque at (505) 761-4953.

LOAD-DATE: March 17, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


          Copyright 2009 Deming Headlight, a MediaNews Group Newspaper
                              All Rights Reserved


                              407 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       St. Paul Pioneer Press (Minnesota)

                          December 17, 2014 Wednesday

Rural Iron Range to get $7.7 million broadband boost

BYLINE: By John Myers Forum News Service

SECTION: BREAKING; Minnesota-Twin Cities; State; Business

LENGTH: 365 words


EVELETH, Minn. -- Efforts to bring fiber-optic cable for broadband high-speed
Internet to rural areas of the Iron Range will get a boost today from the Iron
Range Resources and Rehabilitation Board.

The IRRRB is set to approve a $1.5 million grant to White Township, part of a
$4.8 million project by Northeast Service Cooperative and Frontier
Communications to expand fiber-optic services across remote parts of the region.

The project will result in about 97 miles of new cable directly serving 23 town
halls and fire halls, and will extend high-speed service to 2,262 Frontier
subscribers in 13 townships.

A total of 9,400 "underserved households" will have the opportunity to hook up
to Internet service offering speeds exceeding the state's goal as it seeks to
bring broadband to residents in all regions.

The state Department of Employment and Economic Development is adding $2.4
million for the effort, with Frontier kicking in $750,000 and Northeast Service
Cooperative $150,000.

Townships served by the project include Birch Lake, Embarrass, Fall Lake,
Greenwood, Industrial, Kelsey, Morse, Northland, Silver Creek, Toivola, Waasa
and two unorganized townships in northern St. Louis County.

The fiber-optic grant is one of dozens totaling nearly $7.7 million expected to
be doled out by the Iron Range Resources and Rehabilitation Board today in
Eveleth. The grants for public works and economic development projects are
funded through the IRRRB's share of taconite tax revenue. The grants are
intended to help offset the cost of local projects so property owners don't have
to pay as much in taxes. They also are aimed at diversifying the Iron Range
economy.

The projects are allowed only in municipalities within the Taconite Tax Relief
Area.

The projects also include $350,000 to the city of Ely as part of a $5.8 million
project to build a new, 120-unit student housing project to serve Vermilion
Community College, which has faced a shortage of dorm space for students.

The project is intended to replace 84 outdated units serving the campus. The
state community college system is adding $4.35 million for the project, along
with $1.1 million from the Minnesota Housing Finance Agency.

LOAD-DATE: December 18, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2014 St. Paul Pioneer Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                              408 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                      The Times-Tribune (Corbin, Kentucky)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            December 6, 2010 Monday

High-speed internet coming to rural areas

BYLINE: Carl Keith Greene, The Times-Tribune, Corbin, Ky.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 565 words


Dec. 06--CORBIN -- Knox, Laurel and Whitley counties, along with 56 others in
Kentucky, will receive about $59 million in federal recovery act monies to bring
high-speed Internet access in outlying areas.

That money will come to Windstream, which provides not only telephone service,
but also television cable and satellite service.

The intent is to place lines into areas in the counties which either have
low-quality high-speed access or only dial-up service.

Seventy-five percent of the cost of the three-year project will be provided by
the U.S. government and the rest funded by Windstream, said Scott Morris,
manager for corporate communications.

Locally, Morris said, Windstream will provide about 25 percent of the $5 million
cost and grant another 75 percent to put high-speed internet access in about
4,000 homes in Laurel, Knox and perhaps the edge of Whitley County said Morris.

The telephone interchanges included will be Barbourville, London an East
Bernstadt.

A total of $305 million was set aside by the United States Department of
Agriculture for providing the service in 70 of the commonwealth's 120 counties.

Kentucky has received more of the program than any other state.

Other counties to which Windstream will supply the service are Adair, Barren,
Boyd, Boyle, Bracken, Breckinridge, Bullitt, Butler, Carlisle, Carter, Casey,
Clay, Clinton, Cumberland, Edmonton, Estill, Fleming, Garrard, Grayson, Greenup,
Hardin, Harlan, Hart, Hickman, Jackson, Jessamine, Larue, Lee, Leslie, Letcher,
Lewis, Lincoln, Livingston, Lyon, Madison, Marion, Mason, Metcalfe, Monroe,
Montgomery, Nelson, Owsley, Perry Pike, Powell, Pulaski, Rockcastle, Rowan,
Russell, Scott, Taylor, Warren, Washington, Wayne and Woodford.

Counties to be served by other companies are Breathitt, Calloway, Crittendon,
Elliot, Graves,  Lawrence, Magoffin, Marshall, Menifee, Morgan and Wolfe.

Commenting on the program, Tom Fern, state director for rural development said,
"Broadband is critical to the Obama administration's strategy to rebuild rural
America because it opens the way for expansion of business, education and
healthcare opportunities in rural areas and assists in making the nation's small
towns and rural communities more competitive."

Funding for the high-speed internet access was through the American Recovery and
Reinvestment Act of 2009.

Jonathan Miller, secretary of the state finance and administration cabinet, said
the new internet "access in Kentucky's rural areas has been a constant priority
of the Beshear administration. These federal grants and loans will help bring
much-needed infrastructure to our rural communities, ensuring all regions of the
commonwealth have the tools to compete in th 21st century economy an support a
competitive workforce."

Other communications companies involved are West Kentucky Rural Telephone
Cooperative, Mountain RTCC, People's Rural Telephone Cooperative, Foothills
Rural Telephone Cooperative, Thacker-Grigsby Telephone Company, Leslie County
Telephone Company, Salem Telephone Company and Mikrotec CATV.

To see more of The Times-Tribune or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.thetimestribune.com/. Copyright (c) 2010, The Times-Tribune, Corbin,
Ky. Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For more information
about the content services offered by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services
(MCT), visit www.mctinfoservices.com.

LOAD-DATE: December 7, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20101206-KB-High-speed-internet-coming-to-rural-areas-1206-20101206

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: KB


                        Copyright 2010 The Times-Tribune


                              409 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             January 8, 2016 Friday

Washington: Hoeven Outlines Legislative Accomplishments Supporting ND Rural
Electric Cooperatives

LENGTH: 711  words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Washington: Office of the Senator John Hoeven has issued the following news
release:



 Senator John Hoeven outlined key legislative accomplishments in support of the
state's electric cooperatives today at the North Dakota Association of Rural
Electric Cooperatives (NDAREC) Annual Meeting. The senator worked to pass water
heater legislation, to prevent costly Environmental Protection Agency (EPA)
regulations, and to support infrastructure loans and other Rural Utilities
Service (RUS) programs. In recognition of the senator's leadership, NDAREC
leaders honored Hoeven with their Helping Hands award.





 "Our electric cooperatives do a great job providing reliable and affordable
energy for homes and businesses across North Dakota," said Hoeven. "Over the
last year, we were able to pass important legislation to support their good work
and provide greater regulatory certainty for the industry. Congress passed and
the president signed into law our water heater legislation, which ensures
electric cooperatives can continue using large, energy-efficient water heaters.
We also advanced legislation to prevent burdensome regulations like the costly
power plant rules and the waters of the U.S. regulation. We'll continue working
to ensure that our rural electric cooperatives have the tools they need to
provide their customers with high quality service."



 Hoeven legislative accomplishments include:



 Passing Water Heater Efficiency Legislation into Law



     Hoeven introduced and Congress passed legislation enabling rural electric
cooperatives and their members to continue using large, energy-efficient water
heaters in "demand response" conservation programs. The legislation, which was
signed into law in April 2015, addressed the Department of Energy's (DOE) plan
to phase out these water heaters in 2015. The law allows the continued
manufacture of large "grid-enabled" electric water heaters, which play an
important role in energy savings programs used by rural cooperatives.



 Preventing EPA's Costly Power Plant Rules



     In November, Hoeven cosponsored and the Senate passed two resolutions of
disapproval under the Congressional Review Act to repeal the EPA's costly power
plan rules for existing plants and new coal generating plants. However, the
President vetoed the measures in December.

     Hoeven organized a meeting with the EPA, state officials, and industry
leaders to push back on the EPA and provide the State and industry more time
push back on the new rule. The EPA agreed to work with the State and provide
more time to address its concerns while we continue to work to repeal the rule.

     Hoeven continues working with Senator Shelly Moore Capito and a bipartisan
group of senators to pass the Affordable Reliable Energy Now Act, which prevents
the EPA's effort to circumvent Congress and impose new rules on power plants
that will drive up costs for consumers and kill good jobs.



 Stopping EPA's Waters of the U.S. Regulation



     Hoeven included a provision in the Senate Interior-EPA Appropriations bill
to prevent funding for implementation of EPA's Waters of the U.S. rule. While
this provision was not included in the year-end bill, it did include a provision
to prevent the EPA from reinstating the Waters of the U.S. Interpretive Rule,
preserving the general agriculture exemption under the Clean Water Act for
farmers and ranchers. Hoeven continues to fight to stop the WOTUS regulation
from being implemented through the appropriations process as well as the Federal
Water Quality Protection Act, separate legislation that would rescind the
proposed Waters of the U.S. rule and require the EPA to start the process over
with more input from stakeholders.



 Supporting the Rural Utilities Service (RUS) Agency Grants and Loans



     As a member of the Senate Appropriations Committee, Hoeven worked to
support RUS programs, including RUS Electric Loans, which electric cooperatives
use to finance electricity generation and distribution, and the RUS Rural
Cooperative Development Grant Program, which provides competitive grants to
improve rural economies by helping entities start or expand rural cooperatives.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: January 8, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              410 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                               Leicester Mercury

                                 March 8, 2005

Cash offer for farmers

SECTION: News; Business; Economy; Pg. 7

LENGTH: 201 words


Farmers and small businesses are being urged to take advantage of a grant scheme
offering each firm up to £5,000.  The money is being offered in the form of
rural micro-business development grants from the Leicestershire Rural
Partnership (LRP), of which Hinckley and Bosworth Borough Council is a member.

The aim is to help rural businesses, including those based on farms, to expand,
and improve their activities.

Businesses in other parts of the county have benefited from the scheme,
including organic producers, jewellers, manufacturers, recruitment agencies and
farmers' co-operatives.

Hinckley and District Economic Partnership chairman Bill Jo believes the scheme
is a boost for the rural economy.

He said: "These grants will stimulate enterprise and business in areas outside
the urban economy." Lesley Pendleton, chairman of the LRP and Leicestershire
County Council cabinet member for rural affairs said: "We are pleased to be able
to offer financial help which will support the businesses and farmers in
Hinckley and Bosworth.  The rural economy of Leicestershire remains under
pressure but this initiative will help." For more information call 0116 265 7132
or write to County Hall.


LOAD-DATE: March 9, 2005

LANGUAGE: English

                        Copyright 2005 Leicester Mercury


                              411 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                          THE JOURNAL (Newcastle, UK)

                       March 16, 2002, Saturday Edition 1

1.6bn to be shared out over 7 years

BYLINE: By The Journal

SECTION: BUSINESS, Pg. 73

LENGTH: 417 words







A series of meetings is being held in the North-East to tell farmers how they
can share in 1.6bn of Government money for rural development and environmental
protection.

The money will be available over the next seven years under the England Rural
Development Programme [ERDP], and one of the main aims will be to help rural
communities recover from foot-and-mouth disease.

Andrew Suddes, Senior Rural Economy Adviser with Defra's Rural Development
Service in the North-East, said: "This series of meetings is aimed at letting
farmers know what funding is available via the ERDP for diversification and
marketing initiatives as well as explaining the process of making an
application.

"The main focus is on schemes that primarily address rural economy issues, but
we are also dealing with the link that these schemes have with the
agri-environmental elements of ERDP which focus on promoting environmental
awareness and good practice."

The ERDP aims to help farmers and foresters to respond better to consumer
requirements and become more competitive, diverse, flexible and environmentally
aware. The two main priorities for funding are:

1. Schemes to enable farming, forestry and other rural businesses and
communities to adapt to changing circumstances and to develop. These include the
Processing and Marketing Grant Scheme, Rural Enterprise Scheme and Vocational
Training Scheme;

2 Schemes to conserve and improve the environment, such as Countryside
Stewardship Scheme, Energy Crops Scheme, Environmentally Sensitive Areas, Farm
Woodland Premium Scheme, Hill Farm Allowance Scheme, Organic Farming Scheme and
Woodland Grant Scheme.

The first of the series of meetings was held at Alwinton, Northumberland, on
March 13 and the next will be at the Tankerville Arms, Wooler, on March 20. A
number of similar events elsewhere in the North-East are to be arranged in April
and May.

Peter Stott, who chaired the meeting at Alwinton and farms at Elilaw in the
Coquet Valley, said: "It was interesting to hear about the range of funding that
is available and how it might assist in the development of rural areas, in
particular Coquetdale."

To attend the Wooler or subsequent meetings, call the Rural Development Service
on [0191] 214-1800.

The Rural Development Service will also be taking part in four meetings in the
region organised by Tyne Grain Ltd, a farmers' grain co-operative, to pass on
similar information.

LOAD-DATE: March 27, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                Copyright 2002 Newcastle Chronicle & Journal Ltd


                              412 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                             Watertown Daily Times

                            August 22, 2005, Monday

Grant worth $ 53K obtained for Lewis County, N.Y., housing rehab

LENGTH: 261 words



Rep. John M. McHugh, R-Pierrepont Manor, has secured a $ 53,000 U.S. Department
of Agriculture grant for Snow Belt Housing Company Inc. in Lewis County.

The funds, available through USDA's Rural Development Housing Preservation Grant
program, will be used to assist low- and very low-income homeowners in
rehabilitating their homes. Assistance is also available to rental property
owners to repair and rehabilitate units, providing they agree to make the units
available to low-income families.

Snow Belt Housing is a nonprofit corporation that provides affordable housing
for low- and moderate-income people in Lewis County. The organization offers
application assistance to individuals and municipalities, homeownership
training, programs for single-family home repair and rehabilitation as well as
rental housing.

The objective of the USDA Rural Development Housing Preservation Grant program
is to repair or rehabilitate individual housing, rental properties, or
cooperatives owned and/or occupied by very low- and low-income rural people.

Financial assistance may be in the form of a grant, loan, interest reduction on
commercial loans, or other assistance.



-----

To see more of the Watertown Daily Times, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go
to http://www.wdt.net. Copyright (c) 2005, Watertown Daily Times, N.Y.

Distributed by Knight Ridder/Tribune Business News.

For information on republishing this content, contact us at (800) 661-2511
(U.S.), (213) 237-4914 (worldwide), fax (213) 237-6515, or e-mail
reprints@krtinfo.com.

LOAD-DATE: August 24, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

KR-ACC-NO: WE-HOUSING-GRANT-20050822

JOURNAL-CODE: WE

               Copyright 2005 Knight Ridder/Tribune Business News
                      Copyright 2005 Watertown Daily Times


                              413 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                        St. Joseph News-Press (Missouri)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            February 21, 2010 Sunday

Broadband in rural areas continues to grow

BYLINE: Ray Scherer, St. Joseph News-Press, Mo.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 586 words


Feb. 21--GRANT CITY, Mo. -- Broadband Internet technology continues to blossom
in underdeveloped parts of Northwest Missouri, such as Grant City.

City officials met Thursday with the Northwest Regional Council of Governments
and a private firm to consider an upgrade to Grant City's current municipal
wireless broadband network.

"It would bring us in line with the new and faster technology," said Mayor
Debbie Roach.

A special council meeting could be set in the next one or two weeks to consider
a broadband proposal submitted by the provider, Ms. Roach said.

"Right now, it looks promising," she said.

Tye Parsons, executive director for the regional council, said Grant City's
project is still in early development and would involve applying for a matching
U.S. Department of Agriculture stimulus grant.

More such projects could be on the horizon for other Northwest Missouri
communities interested in developing or enhancing their broadband capabilities.
The initiatives continue despite a call by Gov. Jay Nixon to slash funding for
the state's rural broadband program by $24 million in the new state budget. Mr.
Nixon launched a five-year broadband initiative in August to bring broadband
access to 91.5 percent of Missouri's population.

Roughly 40 percent of Americans do not have high-speed Internet access at home,
according to Commerce Department figures.

Meanwhile, Northeast Missouri will embark on a broadband expansion thanks to a
$19.1 million agriculture department award. Funding for the project stems from
the federal stimulus program. The project will help the Ralls County Electric
Cooperative lay more than 1,200 miles of high-speed, fiber-optic cable to almost
5,000 homes, businesses, public safety agencies and community groups in rural
areas of the region. The state is supplying matching funds to purchase
equipment.

A workshop was also held earlier in the month in the St. Louis area to prepare
prospective rural broadband applicants.

A recent rural broadband task force has become dormant, said David Klindt, vice
president of the Association of Missouri Electric Cooperatives. Mr. Klindt, a
former state senator from Harrison County, has served as a task force member and
believes the state's broadband resources are being fully devoted to Mr. Nixon's
initiative.

"I think the future of rural broadband in Missouri is good," he said. "It's
improving all the time."

Rural telephone companies and electric cooperatives are making progress in
bringing broadband to the state's less-populated areas, Mr. Klindt said. A small
number of Missouri's electric cooperatives now offer broadband, and several
others are considering the service.

"The ones thinking about offering broadband are generally in areas that have
little broadband service at this time," he added.

The city of Albany continues to enjoy the benefits of its broadband network that
took root nearly a decade ago, said city administrator Derek Brown.

"We're kind of on the cutting edge," he said of Albany's Internet service.

Ray Scherer can be reached at rscherer@npgco.com

The Associated Press contributed to this story.

To see more of the St. Joseph News-Press or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.stjoenews-press.com. Copyright (c) 2010, St. Joseph News-Press, Mo.
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: February 23, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20100221-JM-RURAL-INTERNET-20100221

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: JM


                      Copyright 2010 St. Joseph News-Press


                              414 of 998 DOCUMENTS

              Copyright 2017 GlobalData Ltd., All Rights Reserved
                              GlobalData - Events

                               February 27, 2017

                          Heartland Power Cooperative

                              605 East 4th Street
                               Saint Ansgar 50472
                                 United States

* * * * * * * * * * EVENTS * * * * * * * * * *


USDA Announces $740,000 Loan For Heartland Power's Biodiesel Project In Iowa, US


   Feb 08, 2011

   The U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA) has selected Heartland Power
Cooperative (Heartland Power) for $740,000 loan to help fund a biodiesel
refinery that will be located outside of Forest city, Iowa. This project will
create an estimated 16 jobs. The project is being funded through the Rural
Economic Development Loan and Grant Program (REDLG), which is administered by
USDA Rural Development.
* * * * * * * * * * OTHER AVAILABLE REPORTS * * * * * * * * * *
Company Overview                        Events
Investments                             Key Operational Employees
Key Employees                           Key Facts
Locations and Subsidiaries              Major Products and Services
Top Competitors

 * * * * * * * * * * NOTE * * * * * * * * * *

   GlobalData uses a range of research techniques to gather and verify its
information and analysis. These include primary research, in-house knowledge and
expertise, proprietary databases, and secondary sources such as company
websites, annual reports, SEC filings and press releases. Disclaimer: No part of
this publication may be reproduced, stored in a retrieval system or transmitted
in any form by any means, electronic, mechanical, photocopying, recording or
otherwise, without the prior permission of the publisher, GlobalData. The facts
of this report are believed to be correct at the time of publication but cannot
be guaranteed. Please note that the findings, conclusions and recommendations
that GlobalData delivers will be based on information gathered in good faith
from both primary and secondary sources, whose accuracy we are not always in a
position to guarantee. As such GlobalData can accept no liability whatever for
actions taken based on any information that may subsequently prove to be
incorrect.

LOAD-DATE: February 27, 2017


                              415 of 998 DOCUMENTS

              Copyright 2017 GlobalData Ltd., All Rights Reserved
                              GlobalData - Events

                                January 11, 2017

                            Clearwater Power Company

                                4230 Hatwai Road
                                 Lewiston 83501
                                 United States

* * * * * * * * * * EVENTS * * * * * * * * * *


USDA Announces Funding To Improve Rural Electric Service In 18 States

   Aug 09, 2012

   The U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA) announced that rural electric
utilities in 18 states will receive loan guarantees to make improvements to
electric lines, transmission facilities and to reduce peak electric loads by
deploying smart grid technologies.The cooperative is using funds to build and
improve a distribution line, transmission line, and will invest almost $7.4m for
smart grid system enhancements. In all, service will be upgraded for about 1,500
Southside Electric Cooperative members.With this funding, USDA Rural Development
moves closer to reaching secretary of US's goal to fund more than $250m for
smart grid technologies. The announcement includes support for nearly $29m in
smart grid projects. In all, USDA is investing more than $420m in rural electric
infrastructure. The following is a list of rural utilities that will receive
USDA funding, which is contingent upon the recipient meeting the terms of the
loan agreement. Idaho/Oregon/Washington Clearwater Power Company -- More than
$13.5m. Funds will vey used to serve about 500 consumers, build and improve 132
miles of distribution line and five miles of transmission line, and make other
system improvements. Indiana Whitewater Valley Rural Electric Membership
Corporation â[#x20ac]" $12m. Funds will be used to serve 240 consumers, build
and improve 121 miles of distribution line, and make other system improvements.
The loan includes $519,405 in smart grid projects. Kansas Leavenworth-Jefferson
Electric Cooperative, Inc. â[#x20ac]" $7.58m. Funds will be used to serve 375
consumers, build and improve 100 miles of distribution line, and make other
system improvements. The loan amount includes $104,028 in smart grid projects.
Kentucky Pennyrile Rural Electric Cooperative Corporation â[#x20ac]" More than
$22.8m. Funds will be used to serve about 2,800 customers, build and improve 248
miles of distribution and make other system improvements. The loan amount
includes $232,800 in smart grid projects. Warren Rural Electric Cooperative
Corporation â[#x20ac]" $13m. Funds will be used to serve about 3,300 consumers,
build and improve 216 miles of distribution line, and make other system
improvements. Minnesota Lake Region Electric Cooperative â[#x20ac]" More than
$27m. Funds will be used to serve about 1,300 consumers, build and improve 151
miles of distribution line, and make other system improvements. The loan amount
includes more than $3.29m in smart grid projects. Mississippi Coast Electric
Power Association â[#x20ac]" More than $51.7m. Funds will be used to serve 9,240
consumers, build and improve 246 miles of distribution line, and make other
system improvements. The loan amount includes $128,000 in smart grid projects.
North Carolina Central Electric Membership Corporation â[#x20ac]" $22m. Funds
will be used to serve about 2,800 consumers, build and improve 102 miles of
distribution line, and make other system improvements. The loan amount includes
$278,800 in smart grid projects. New York Steuben Rural Electric Cooperative,
Inc. â[#x20ac]" More than $9.3m. Funds will be used to serve 318 consumers,
build and improve 121 miles of distribution line, and make other system
improvements. The loan amount includes $706,050 in smart grid projects. Oklahoma
Northwestern Electric Cooperative, Inc. â[#x20ac]" More than $18.3m. Funds will
be used to serve 912 customers, build and improve 134 miles of distribution
line, and make other system improvements. The loan amount includes $843,400 in
smart grid projects. South Carolina Central Electric Power Cooperative, Inc.
â[#x20ac]" More than $44.3m. Funds will be used to build 77 miles of new
transmission line. South Dakota/Minnesota East River Electric Power Cooperative,
Inc. â[#x20ac]" More than $62.2m. Funds will be used to build 44 miles of
transmission line, three new substations, and make other system improvements.
The loan amount includes more than $3.9m in smart grid projects. South
Dakota/Iowa/Minnesota Sioux Valley â[#x20ac]" Southwestern Electric Cooperative,
Inc â[#x20ac]" More than $39m. Funds will be used to serve over 1,400 consumers,
build and improve 618 miles of distribution line, and make other system
improvements. The loan amount includes more than $3.5m in smart grid projects.
South Dakota/Montana/North Dakota Grand Electric Cooperative, Inc. â[#x20ac]"
More than $14m. Funds will be used to serve 153 consumers, build and improve 185
miles of distribution line and 1 mile of transmission line and make other system
improvements. The loan amount includes more than $1.48m in smart grid projects.
Texas Comanche County Electric Cooperative Association â[#x20ac]" More than
$18.46m. Funds will be used to serve 1,068 customers, build and improve 143
miles of distribution line, and make other system improvements. The loan amount
includes more than $6.5 in smart grid projects. Virginia Southside Electric
Cooperative â[#x20ac]" More than $44.8m. Funds will be used to serve 1,460
customers, build and improve over 700 miles of distribution line and 9 miles of
transmission line, and make other system improvements. The loan amount includes
more than $7.3m in smart grid projects. Funding is provided by USDA Rural
Development's Rural Utilities Service. The loans help electric utilities
upgrade, expand, maintain and replace rural America's electric infrastructure.


Clearwater Power Participates In Smart Grid Investment Grant With DOE

   Jun 01, 2010

   Clearwater Power Company (Clearwater Power) will participate in the US
Department of Energy's (DOE's) smart grid investment grant award through their
electric generation and transmission cooperative, PNGC Power. Clearwater Power's
share of the project is valued at $3.78 million, which includes the installation
of 11,018 smart meters and other equipment and is expected to enhance operations
and increase efficiencies.PNGC Power and 10 of its electric utility cooperative
members have agreed to implement a smart grid system.Dave Hagen, general manager
of Clearwater Power, said: This project allows us to make a huge improvement to
our infrastructure with matching funds from the grant. This means our members
will see the many benefits of this new technology at half of what it would have
cost to do this on our own. The project will span five years, the first phase
characterized by equipment installation and the second phase focused on data
collection and reporting. Meters installed as part of this project will replace
the first-generation automated meters that Clearwater Power has been using since
1996. New meters will communicate data thousands of times faster and have the
capability to both send and receive data over the power line. This two-way
communication can be used to operate a variety of secondary equipment. For
example, the meters can feed data to optional in-home displays that members can
purchase to display information about their current energy use on easy-to-read
display screens in their homes. They also have the capability to operate
load-management equipment if such programs become advantageous for Clearwater
Power and its members in the future. The new Clearwater Power meters will allow
increased billing accuracy, because the system will provide for fully-automated,
daily meter readings on all meters. The AMI meters will also give Clearwater
Power the ability to provide members with more information such as power
consumption patterns, outage and blink-count history, and voltage information to
help solve high-bill or power-quality concerns. The PNGC Powerâ[#x20ac]"DOE
grant is a part of $3.4 billion in grant awards made available by the federal
American Recovery and Reinvestment Act, or 'Stimulus Package', which became law
in 2009. Federal funding will be matched by industry funding.
* * * * * * * * * * OTHER AVAILABLE REPORTS * * * * * * * * * *
Company Overview                        Events
Key Operational Employees               Key Employees
Key Facts                               Locations and Subsidiaries
Major Products and Services             Top Competitors

 * * * * * * * * * * NOTE * * * * * * * * * *

   GlobalData uses a range of research techniques to gather and verify its
information and analysis. These include primary research, in-house knowledge and
expertise, proprietary databases, and secondary sources such as company
websites, annual reports, SEC filings and press releases. Disclaimer: No part of
this publication may be reproduced, stored in a retrieval system or transmitted
in any form by any means, electronic, mechanical, photocopying, recording or
otherwise, without the prior permission of the publisher, GlobalData. The facts
of this report are believed to be correct at the time of publication but cannot
be guaranteed. Please note that the findings, conclusions and recommendations
that GlobalData delivers will be based on information gathered in good faith
from both primary and secondary sources, whose accuracy we are not always in a
position to guarantee. As such GlobalData can accept no liability whatever for
actions taken based on any information that may subsequently prove to be
incorrect.

LOAD-DATE: January 11, 2017


                              416 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               Your Ottawa Region

                             July 12, 2011 Tuesday
                                 Final Edition

Rural non-profits set to clean up

BYLINE: Daniel Nugent-Bowman

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 256  words


The City of Ottawa is preparing to open its wallet to rural groups willing to
make a difference in the community.

Through its 2011 Rural Association Partnership program, the city is offering a
maximum grant of $7,500 per project to not-for-profit groups that found such
events as fairs, farmers markets and business organization meetings in rural
areas.

This is the second round of funding for the program, said rural affairs
spokesperson Adam Brown. The first round closed in May with $31,314 of the
$75,000 annual budget allocated to the following groups:

- Fitzroy Beef Farmers Co-operative Inc., $1,000.

- Cumberland Lions Club, $1,261.

- Ottawa Carleton Plowmen's Association, $1,500.

- North Gower Farmers Market, $1,975.

- Metcalfe Agricultural Society, $3,078.

- Carp Agricultural Society, $7,500.

- Osgoode Village Community Association, $7,500.

- Richmond Agricultural Society, $7,500.

In addition to being non-profit, organizations must have a publicly accountable
structure with an active board of directors that meets regularly, contribute to
the economic development of Ottawa's rural area and be based and have an ongoing
presence in rural Ottawa and benefit the rural community.

Funding will be provided for an approved project on a matching basis - 50 per
cent.

Projects are to be completed by Dec. 31.

The deadline to apply for the grant is July 25 at 4 p.m. Applications must be
received on the deadline date or postmarked on that day.

For more information, visit www.ottawa.ca/residents/funding/rural
_partnership/guidelines_en.html.

LOAD-DATE: July 13, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Article

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2011 Toronto Star Newspapers, Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              417 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               Your Ottawa Region

                             July 12, 2011 Tuesday
                                 Final Edition

Rural non-profits set to clean up

BYLINE: Daniel Nugent-Bowman

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 256  words


The City of Ottawa is preparing to open its wallet to rural groups willing to
make a difference in the community.

Through its 2011 Rural Association Partnership program, the city is offering a
maximum grant of $7,500 per project to not-for-profit groups that found such
events as fairs, farmers markets and business organization meetings in rural
areas.

This is the second round of funding for the program, said rural affairs
spokesperson Adam Brown. The first round closed in May with $31,314 of the
$75,000 annual budget allocated to the following groups:

- Fitzroy Beef Farmers Co-operative Inc., $1,000.

- Cumberland Lions Club, $1,261.

- Ottawa Carleton Plowmen's Association, $1,500.

- North Gower Farmers Market, $1,975.

- Metcalfe Agricultural Society, $3,078.

- Carp Agricultural Society, $7,500.

- Osgoode Village Community Association, $7,500.

- Richmond Agricultural Society, $7,500.

In addition to being non-profit, organizations must have a publicly accountable
structure with an active board of directors that meets regularly, contribute to
the economic development of Ottawa's rural area and be based and have an ongoing
presence in rural Ottawa and benefit the rural community.

Funding will be provided for an approved project on a matching basis - 50 per
cent.

Projects are to be completed by Dec. 31.

The deadline to apply for the grant is July 25 at 4 p.m. Applications must be
received on the deadline date or postmarked on that day.

For more information, visit www.ottawa.ca/residents/funding/rural
_partnership/guidelines_en.html.

LOAD-DATE: July 13, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Article

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2011 Toronto Star Newspapers, Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              418 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                   West Central Tribune (Willmar, Minnesota)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                            January 15, 2016 Friday

Willmar's EDC approves broadband study, loan for Asian grocery

BYLINE: Carolyn Lange, West Central Tribune, Willmar, Minn.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 587 words


Jan. 15--WILLMAR -- A $25,000 grant from the Blandin Foundation has been awarded
to study the lack of broadband Internet service in Kandiyohi County.

Word that the grant had been approved came Wednesday, said Connie Schmoll,
business development specialist with the Kandiyohi County and City of Willmar
Economic Development Commission.

Schmoll told the EDC operations board Thursday that the Blandin grant will be
matched with $25,000 from Kandiyohi County and $12,500 from Federated Telephone
Cooperative based in Chokio.

The money will be used to hire a consultant to conduct a feasibility study of
areas in the county that are unserved and underserved in terms of Internet speed
and availability.

The EDC is now seeking requests for proposals from marketing and engineering
firms to conduct the study.

The EDC's broadband committee "has been meeting for years and years to get
something done on this," Schmoll said.

Getting the grant is "huge," she said. "We're excited about the study."

The Minnesota Department of Employment and Economic Development has set minimum
standards for Internet speeds, with a good portion of the county falling in the
unserved and underserved category.

Willmar, Spicer and New London meet the standards, but many rural businesses and
residents do not, Schmoll said.

Federated Telephone recently received a $4.9 million state grant to install
high-speed internet service in portions of Swift County.

Having that infrastructure next door could enhance Kandiyohi County's options
for expanded broadband service, Schmoll said.

Private telephone companies that currently operate in Kandiyohi County have not
been eager to expand their fiber-optic lines because of the cost -- the return
on investment can take 10 to 12 years.

Federated is a cooperative that is able to have a longer time frame for a return
on investment than private telephone companies have, Schmoll said.

But she said even cooperatives cannot manage the large investment costs without
state grants, such as the one it recently received infrastructure in Swift
County.

Schmoll said the EDC's broadband committee met earlier this month with Sen. Lyle
Koenen and Reps. Dave Baker and Tim Miller to discuss talking points to bring to
the Legislature regarding Internet funding.

In other business, the board was informed that the contract for Aaron Backman,
who was selected last week as the new EDC executive director, is under review by
attorneys. Pending approval by the EDC Joint Powers Board, Backman could begin
his new job here on Feb. 22.

Asian grocery store

The operations board also approved a $18,000 loan to Yaw Soe Hang, whose family
intends to open an Asian grocery store in Willmar this year.

The EDC loan will be paired with a $17,000 loan from the Southwest Initiative
Fund and $5,000 from the crowdfunding source called KIVA. A $10,000 loan
requested from the Willmar Area Multicultural Market is also pending.

To be called the Happy Family Asian Grocery Store, the family-owned business is
expected to be located in the Kandi Mall strip mall in Willmar.

According to information from Hang, who was born in Myanmar (formerly known as
Burma) and came to the United States in 2011 after living in a refugee camp for
almost 10 years, the store will feature groceries to meet a variety of Asian
cultures.

RELATED STORY:

Kandiyohi County and City of Willmar Economic Development Commission

___ (c)2016 West Central Tribune (Willmar, Minn.) Visit West Central Tribune
(Willmar, Minn.) at www.wctrib.com Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: January 15, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20160115-YM-Willmar-s-EDC-approves-broadband-study-loan-for-Asian-grocery-0115-2
0160115

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: YM


                      Copyright 2016 West Central Tribune


                              419 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                   West Central Tribune (Willmar, Minnesota)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                            January 15, 2016 Friday

EDC approves broadband study, loan for Asian grocery

BYLINE: Carolyn Lange, West Central Tribune, Willmar, Minn.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 587 words


Jan. 15--WILLMAR -- A $25,000 grant from the Blandin Foundation has been awarded
to study the lack of broadband Internet service in Kandiyohi County.

Word that the grant had been approved came Wednesday, said Connie Schmoll,
business development specialist with the Kandiyohi County and City of Willmar
Economic Development Commission.

Schmoll told the EDC operations board Thursday that the Blandin grant will be
matched with $25,000 from Kandiyohi County and $12,500 from Federated Telephone
Cooperative based in Chokio.

The money will be used to hire a consultant to conduct a feasibility study of
areas in the county that are unserved and underserved in terms of Internet speed
and availability.

The EDC is now seeking requests for proposals from marketing and engineering
firms to conduct the study.

The EDC's broadband committee "has been meeting for years and years to get
something done on this," Schmoll said.

Getting the grant is "huge," she said. "We're excited about the study."

The Minnesota Department of Employment and Economic Development has set minimum
standards for Internet speeds, with a good portion of the county falling in the
unserved and underserved category.

Willmar, Spicer and New London meet the standards, but many rural businesses and
residents do not, Schmoll said.

Federated Telephone recently received a $4.9 million state grant to install
high-speed internet service in portions of Swift County.

Having that infrastructure next door could enhance Kandiyohi County's options
for expanded broadband service, Schmoll said.

Private telephone companies that currently operate in Kandiyohi County have not
been eager to expand their fiber-optic lines because of the cost -- the return
on investment can take 10 to 12 years.

Federated is a cooperative that is able to have a longer time frame for a return
on investment than private telephone companies have, Schmoll said.

But she said even cooperatives cannot manage the large investment costs without
state grants, such as the one it recently received infrastructure in Swift
County.

Schmoll said the EDC's broadband committee met earlier this month with Sen. Lyle
Koenen and Reps. Dave Baker and Tim Miller to discuss talking points to bring to
the Legislature regarding Internet funding.

In other business, the board was informed that the contract for Aaron Backman,
who was selected last week as the new EDC executive director, is under review by
attorneys. Pending approval by the EDC Joint Powers Board, Backman could begin
his new job here on Feb. 22.

Asian grocery store

The operations board also approved a $18,000 loan to Yaw Soe Hang, whose family
intends to open an Asian grocery store in Willmar this year.

The EDC loan will be paired with a $17,000 loan from the Southwest Initiative
Fund and $5,000 from the crowdfunding source called KIVA. A $10,000 loan
requested from the Willmar Area Multicultural Market is also pending.

To be called the Happy Family Asian Grocery Store, the family-owned business is
expected to be located in the Kandi Mall strip mall in Willmar.

According to information from Hang, who was born in Myanmar (formerly known as
Burma) and came to the United States in 2011 after living in a refugee camp for
almost 10 years, the store will feature groceries to meet a variety of Asian
cultures.

RELATED STORY:

Kandiyohi County and City of Willmar Economic Development Commission

___ (c)2016 West Central Tribune (Willmar, Minn.) Visit West Central Tribune
(Willmar, Minn.) at www.wctrib.com Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: January 15, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20160115-YM-EDC-approves-broadband-study-loan-for-Asian-grocery-0115-20160115

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: YM


                      Copyright 2016 West Central Tribune


                              420 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                               Leicester Mercury

                                 March 17, 2005

Cash is on offer to help boost rural businesses

SECTION: News; Environment; Conservation; Pg. 20

LENGTH: 138 words


Farmers and small businesses are being urged to take advantage of a grant scheme
which is offering support of up to £5,000.  The Rural Micro Business Development
Grant aims to help rural companies, including farm-based firms, to expand and
improve.

A number of businesses have already benefited including those dealing in
bodycare products, a shop specialising in costume jewellery, an automatic door
supplier, a scientific recruitment company and a farmers' co-operative.

Lesley Pendleton, chairman of the Leicestershire Rural Partnership, said: "We
are pleased to be able to offer financial help which will support the businesses
and farmers across the county. The rural economy of Leicestershire remains under
pressure and this initiative will help strengthen its competitiveness." To find
out more, call 0116 265 7132.


LOAD-DATE: March 18, 2005

LANGUAGE: English

                        Copyright 2005 Leicester Mercury


                              421 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          The New Nation (Bangladesh)

                           October 9, 2013 Wednesday

Govt grants 2nd installment of agri subsidy on

LENGTH: 281 words

DATELINE: Dhaka


Dhaka, Oct. 9 -- State Minister for LGRD and cooperatives Advocate Jahangir
Kabir Nanak today handed over checques under subsidy money distribution
programme for waiving interest on agriculture loan of urban cooperative society
(UCC) farmers.

A total of 447 checques worth Taka 22 crore were distributed among Urban Capital
City (UCC) chairmen at a function organized by Bangladesh National Co-operative
Federation and Rural Development at The Institution of Engineers, Bangladesh
(IEB) hall.

Each farmers would get Taka 5000 under the programme. Nanak said, "This time
government is giving Taka 22 crore subsidies to the farmers so that they could
cope with losses and would get a new hope of life".

He underscored the need for strengthening the cooperative movement and said
there was no alternative to intensifying the movement to revitalise the rural
economy.

He said there were many barriers in providing subsidy in the agriculture sector
past, but the government ignored all obstacles in the greater interest of the
farmers. Chairman of the parliamentary standing committee on the labour and
employment Israfil Alam presided over the function while, secretary of the rural
development and cooperatives division MA Kader Sarkar, Registrar of the
cooperative department M Humayun Khalid and BRDB Director General M Abdul Jalil
Mian spoke among others.

This subsidy programme is a part of 'One House: One Farm' project that was
formed to build a self-reliant and production-oriented Bangladesh.

Published by HT Syndication with permission from The New Nation. For any query
with respect to this article or any other content requirement, please contact
Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: October 9, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2013 The New Nation
                              All Rights Reserved


                              422 of 998 DOCUMENTS

          Copyright 2017 LexisNexis, a division of Reed Elsevier Inc.,
                              All Rights Reserved
                     LexisNexis® Corporate Affiliations[TM]

                                 March 27, 2017

                      Northern Plains Electric Cooperative

                                  1515 Main St
                             Carrington,  ND 58421
                                 United States

* * * * * * * * * * COMMUNICATIONS * * * * * * * * * *
TELEPHONE: (701) 652-3156, (800) 882-2500 (Toll Free)
FAX: (701) 652-1847
URL: www.nplains.com
E-MAIL: info@nplains.com

FACEBOOK:
www.facebook.com/pages/Cando-ND-Carrington-ND/Northern-Plains-Electric-
Cooperative/363360991671
TWITTER: www.twitter.com/NPlainsElectric
YOUTUBE: www.youtube.com/NorthernPlainsECoop

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY IDENTIFIERS * * * * * * * * * *
DCA NUMBER: 428993

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
LEGAL STATUS: PRIVATE
EMPLOYEES:
NUMBER OF EMPLOYEES:  50

* * * * * * * * * * CORPORATE STRUCTURE * * * * * * * * * *

CORPORATE HIERARCHY

* * * * * * * * * * EXECUTIVES * * * * * * * * * *

OFFICER             TITLE TYPE          ROLE(S)             EMAIL/SOCIAL MEDIA
Seth Syverson,      Executive           Engineering         EMAIL:
Mgr-Engrg                               Manager             seths@nplains.com
Katie Anderson,     Executive           Public Relations    EMAIL:
Dir-Comm & PR                           Director            katiea@nplains.com
                                        Communication(s)/Co
                                        rporate
                                        Communications
Jay Jacobson,       Executive           Manager             EMAIL:
Mgr-Alliance                                                JayJ@nplains.com
Scott Buchholtz,    Executive           Technical/Technical EMAIL:
Mgr-IT                                  Services            ScottB@nplains.com
                                        Information
                                        Technology
                                        Manager
Bill Riebe, Dir-    Executive           Director            EMAIL:
Cooperative                                                 billr@nplains.com
JoAnn Rodenbiker,   Executive           Business            EMAIL:
Dir-Bus Dev                             Development         JoAnnR@nplains.com
                                        Director            LINKEDIN:
                                                            www.linkedin.com/pu
                                                            b/joann-rodenbiker/
                                                            a/36b/806
Bruce Garber, Bus   Executive           Manager             EMAIL:
Mgr                                     Business Manager    BruceG@nplains.com
Craig Rysavy,       Executive           Administration/Oper EMAIL:
Mgr-Ops                                 ations              CraigR@nplains.com
                                        Manager


DIRECTOR            TITLE TYPE          ROLE(S)             EMAIL/SOCIAL MEDIA
Russell Carlson,    Supervisory Board   Board of Directors  EMAIL:
Treas & Sec         of Directors        Corporate Secretary RussellC@nplains.co
                                        Treasurer           m

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *
Established in 1997, Northern Plains Electric Cooperative is located in
Carrington, ND. The cooperative provides electricity. It offers revolving loan
funds, rural economic development loans, and grant programs for business and
community projects, focused on economic development.

INDUSTRY TYPE: Distribution; Electric Power

* * * * * * * * * * MARKET AND INDUSTRY * * * * * * * * * *
NAICS CODES:
221122 - Electric Power Distribution
PRIMARY SIC:
4931 - Electric & other Services Combined
SECONDARY SIC:
4939 - Combination Utilities, NEC
4911 - Electric Services

* * * * * * * * * * FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *
FISCAL YEAR END: 12/31

SALES:  USD 10,000,000 - USD 24,999,999

LOAD-DATE: March 27, 2017


                              423 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                Cornish Guardian

                                  May 5, 2010
                                   Edition 1;
                                National Edition

Grant helps grain group to grow

SECTION: FEATURES; Pg. 47

LENGTH: 318 words


A FARMERS' co-operative is expanding thanks to a grant of almost £380,000 from
the Rural Development Programme for England (RDPE).

Kernow Grain Ltd, Lanivet near Bodmin, is building four new 1,000-tonne capacity
grain silos, which will increase its on-site storage by 30 per cent.

This will enable it to meet continued growing demand and double the grain drying
capacity to 80 tonnes per hour throughput.

The first stage of work has begun, with engineers clearing and preparing the
site ready to build the foundations for the silos. The work is scheduled to be
completed by summer 2010.

At present Kernow Grain Ltd, a 70-member co-operative which started in 1997, is
working to full capacity, handling 14,000 tonnes of grain and oil seed each
year.

The development will help its growth in both existing and new markets.

The co-operative was set up to provide drying and storage facilities to arable
farmers in Cornwall and Devon, to enable them to store and process grain
centrally.

In 2009 the intake consisted of feed barley, feed wheat, oats, oilseed rape and
beans. Kernow Grain wants to increase business in this area and also grow
business in the production of Cornish milling wheat for pasty production.

Jeremy Oatey, chairman, said: "Securing funding from the RDPE has enabled us to
move forward with our plans to grow and develop Kernow Grain.

"I hope that our members will be as excited about the increased capacity of our
facility as we are.

"This is a major development for Kernow Grain and shows that we are committed to
delivering the very best products to our customers.

"It also highlights the success of the co-operative model in the agricultural
sector.

"We have scheduled works to take place now so that the new facilities will be
fully operational by harvest time in the summer."

The RDPE grant will contribute half the cost of additional reception and storage
bins and enhanced laboratory facilities.

LOAD-DATE: October 6, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Ian Davies (general manager) and Sean Ingleson (store supervisor)
oversee the start of the new project.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: COG


                        Copyright 2010 Cornish Guardian
                              All Rights Reserved


                              424 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           December 20, 2014 Saturday

Utah: Community Connect Broadband Grant Program

LENGTH: 287  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Sponsor
USDA Rural Utilities Service
Deadlines
Feb 17, 2015
Contact

Shawn Arner
Deputy Assistant
Phone: 202.720.0800
Purpose

The Community Connect Grant Program offers grants to applicants that will
provide currently unserved remote or rural areas with broadband service that
fosters economic growth and delivers enhanced educational, healthcare, and
public safety services.

Grant funds may be used to finance the following:

The construction, acquisition, or leasing of facilities, including spectrum,
land or buildings, used to deploy service at the Broadband Grant Speed to all
residential and business customers located within the Proposed Funded Service
Area
    The improvement, expansion, construction, or acquisition of a Community
Center and provision of Computer Access Points
    The cost of providing the necessary bandwidth for service free of charge to
the Critical Community Facilities for 2 years

Eligibility

Eligible entities include:

Incorporated organizations
    Indian tribes or tribal organizations
    State or local units of government
    Cooperatives, private corporations or limited liability companies organized
on a for-profit or not-for-profit basis.

Geographic coverage
Nationwide
Amount of funding

Award Ceiling: $3,000,000
Award Floor: $100,000
Application process

Links to the application and program guidance are available on the program
website.
Tagged as
Community development, Economic development, Emergency services, Health
information technology, Networking and collaboration, Schools, Telehealth

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: December 20, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              425 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                              The Bismarck Tribune

                            August 28, 2014 Thursday

Food hub deserves support

SECTION: OPINION; Pg. A8

LENGTH: 321 words


Some North Dakota farmers are working on a new way to market their products. If
they are successful, they will be delivering goods to hospitals, schools or
grocery stores.

About 10 family farmers along U.S. Highway 83 are forming a growers cooperative
with the intention of creating a farmer-owned food hub. If successful, they will
provide a steady supply of produce on a large scale.

Common Enterprises Development Corp. and the Foundation for Agricultural and
Rural Resources Management and Sustainability began work in January on the
feasibility of a food hub. Now CEDC is coordinating organization efforts to
create the hub.

A $60,000 U.S. Department of Agriculture Rural Development grant helped fund the
research to establish the hub.

It's not going to be easy.

To supply the Bismarck Public School District, farmers would have to produce
enough food for 8,000 meals a day. It will require farmers to work together so
they have selling power.

At the moment, direct marketing is often limited to farmers markets.

There's also an effort to develop the Bisman Community Food Cooperative. It's
another chance for cooperative farmers to sell their products.

Getting organized and operating will take time - maybe two or three years.

But it's an opportunity for farmers to control their future.

"The idea here is rather than continuing to talk about same critical challenges,
let's get together a co-op that can solve them," Tyler Demars of the CEDC told
the Tribune.

The farmers will have to agree on what to grow. They might need to pool their
resources for equipment - sharing instead of individual farmers buying what's
needed.

If successful, the hub will live up to the meaning of cooperative: farmers
working together to achieve a common goal.

The potential outcome would not only benefit the farmers, but everyone up the
food chain to the consumers. It also could provide a blueprint for other
projects.

It deserves widespread support.

LOAD-DATE: August 28, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


       Copyright 2014 The Bismarck Tribune, a division of Lee Enterprises
                              All Rights Reserved


                              426 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                     Deseret Morning News (Salt Lake City)

                             May 9, 2007 Wednesday

USDA offers funds for farm housing

BYLINE: Deseret Morning News

LENGTH: 183 words


The U.S. Agriculture Department has announced the availability of $52.5 million
in loans and grants to construct off-farm housing and help low- and
very-low-income homeowners make needed repairs.

USDA plans to make available $31.9 million for Section 514 farm labor housing
loans and approximately $10.5 million for Section 516 farm labor housing grants.
Requests for aid may not exceed $3 million combined for loans and grants. Grants
may not exceed 90 percent of total development costs. Applicants for farm labor
housing aid may include requests for Section 521 Rental Assistance and operating
assistance.

Additionally, the department said it will distribute $10.1 million to help
finance rural housing repairs through the Section 533 Housing Preservation Grant
program. The money is available to nonprofit organizations and public agencies,
to help homeowners and owners of multifamily and cooperative housing complexes
make repairs.

Applications are due June 18 and may be obtained by contacting the applicant's
USDA Rural Development State Office. For more information, visit
www.rurdev.usda.gov.

LOAD-DATE: May 9, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2007 The Deseret News Publishing Co.


                              427 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                      Times of India (Electronic Edition)

                             April 17, 2015 Friday
                                  Pune Edition

RS 129.70 CRORE AID Centre grants interest-free loans for revival of cooperative
banks

SECTION: TIMES CITY

LENGTH: 100 words


The Union govern ment has granted interest free loan (to be converted into grant
on fulfillment of cer tain outcomes) of Rs 129.70 crore to the

crore to the Maharashtra government

which will be passed on to Nagpur, Buldhana and Ward ha central cooperative
banks to facilitate their revival.

The share of state government is Rs 212.00 crore and loan from the National Bank
for Agriculture and Rural Development (Nabard) to state government is Rs 37.97
crore.

In May 2014, Reserve Bank

of India had rejected li censes of

these banks due to their weak financial position and nonfulfillment of
regulatory norms.

LOAD-DATE: April 17, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2015 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              428 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               New Indian Express

                            December 31, 2012 Monday

CM's Rs 72-crore boost for cooperative societies

LENGTH: 390 words

DATELINE: CHENNAI


CHENNAI, Dec. 31 -- Chief Minister J Jayalalithaa on Sunday allocated Rs 72.08
crore as grant to improve the financial position of four district central
cooperative banks at Ramnad, Tirunelveli, Pudukottai and Madurai, and 23
deserving primary agricultural cooperative societies. Last year, the CM had
granted Rs 82.54 crore for the purpose.

Of the Rs 72.08 crore grant, Rs 1.87 crore would be allocated for the 23
cooperative societies and Rs 70.20 crore would be given for the cooperative
central banks, an officials release here said.

The grant will help facilitate speedy disbursal of short-term loans for farmers
and rural people at a nominal interest rate.

City warms up for 20th Asian Athletic Meet

Jayalalithaa on Sunday discussed the arrangements being made for the 20th Asian
Athletic Championship (AAC) to be held here in August, 2013.

In May, the Chief Minister had announced that Chennai would host the AAC, in
which sportspersons from 44 countries are expected to participate and Rs 40
crore would be allocated for the purpose.

Jayalalithaa had said with a view to conduct this event in an excellent manner,
the synthetic track in Nehru Indoor Stadium would be replaced and a new warm up
track would also be laid. All the facilities in the stadium would be upgraded to
international standards and sports equipment on par with global standards would
be purchased for the event. Meanwhile, the Chief Minister also discussed the
demands made by the Archery Association of Tamil Nadu.

Senior Ministers including School Education Minister N R Sivapathy and top
officials took part in the meeting. The Chief Minister also reviewed the power
situation in the State.

Taking Stalk on Water Sharing with Kerala Jayalalithaa also held discussions on
sharing of water with Kerala under The Parambikulam-Ahziyar Agreement.

Senior ministers including PWD Minister K V Ramalingam, chief secretary
Debendranath Sarangi, PWD secretary M Saikumar and top officials took part in
the meeting.

On December 27, a decision to release 1.2 tmcft of water to Kerala under the PAP
Project agreement was taken at the meeting of the Joint Water Regulatory Board.
Published by HT Syndication with permission from New Indian Express. For any
query with respect to this article or any other content requirement, please
contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: December 31, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2012 Expressbuzz.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              429 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            November 10, 2014 Monday

Washington: Project Financing Loans, Grants, and Loan Guarantees

LENGTH: 3089  words

DATELINE: Washington


Federal Register, The Government of USA has issued the following notice:

[Federal Register Volume 79, Number 217 (Monday, November 10, 2014)]
[Notices]
[Pages 66692-66694]
From the Federal Register Online via the Government Printing Office
[www.gpo.gov]
[FR Doc No: 2014-26612]


-----------------------------------------------------------------------

DEPARTMENT OF AGRICULTURE

Rural Utilities Service


Project Financing Loans, Grants, and Loan Guarantees

AGENCY: Rural Utilities Service, USDA.

ACTION: Request for Information and Notice of Listening Session.

-----------------------------------------------------------------------

SUMMARY: The Rural Utilities Service (RUS) seeks public comments on
implementing the provisions of Section 6019 of the Agricultural Act of
2014 (2014 Farm Bill) relating to water and waste disposal direct and
guaranteed loans. RUS is requesting written comments regarding the
Section 6019 provisions and their relation to project financing
requirements. This public input will allow all affected stakeholders to
contribute to the development of agency procedures for implementing
these provisions that will continue to support the agency's mission of
facilitating the development of affordable, reliable utility
infrastructure to improve the quality of life and promote economic
development in rural America.
 As part of our implementation of the 2014 Farm Bill, RUS will be
hosting a listening session. The listening session will provide an
opportunity for stakeholders and other interested parties to offer
their comments, concerns or requests regarding the implementation of
these provisions. Instructions regarding registering for and attending
the listening session are in the SUPPLEMENTARY INFORMATION of this
notice.

DATES: Written Comments: Interested parties must submit written
comments on or before January 9, 2015.
 Listening Session: The listening session will be on Wednesday,
December 10, 2014, and will begin at 1:00 p.m. and is scheduled to end
by 3:00 p.m. All Participants must register by Monday, December 8,
2014. See the SUPPLEMENTARY INFORMATION section for additional guidance
and information on the listening session.

ADDRESSES: Submit comments in either paper or electronic format by the
following methods:
 Federal eRulemaking Portal at http://www.regulations.gov.
Follow instructions for submitting comments.
 Postal Mail/Commercial Delivery: Please send your comment
addressed to Michele Brooks, Director, Program Development and
Regulatory Analysis, USDA Rural Development, 1400 Independence Avenue,
STOP 1522, Room 5159, Washington, DC 20250- 1522.
 Listening Session: The listening session will be held in Room 5141-
S of the South Agriculture Building at 14th and Independence Avenue
SW., Wing 1, Washington, DC 20250. We invite you to participate in the
listening session. The listening session is open to all members of the
public who register.

FOR FURTHER INFORMATION CONTACT: Pamela Bennett, USDA--Rural Utilities
Service, 1400 Independence Avenue SW., Stop 1570, Washington, DC 20250-
1570, telephone (202) 720-9639 or email to WEPFarmBill@wdc.usda.gov

SUPPLEMENTARY INFORMATION:

Background

RUS provides long term financing to rural communities for the
development of water and waste disposal infrastructure under the Water
and Waste Disposal (WWD) program. The WWD program is authorized under
Section 306 of the Consolidated Farm and Rural Development Act 7 U.S.C.
1926 et seq. (CONACT), to provide financing in the form of loans,
grants, and loan guarantees to eligible applicants, including cities,
towns, and unincorporated areas with no more than 10,000 inhabitants.
This financial assistance is intended to reach communities in greatest
need and to provide reasonable user costs for rural residents,
businesses and other rural users.
 Section 6019 of the 2014 Farm Bill (Pub. L. 113-79) amended Section
333 of the CONACT to require RUS to encourage, to the maximum extent
practicable, private or cooperative lenders to finance rural water and
waste disposal facilities. The section directs the agency to achieve
this requirement through the following five provisions: (A) Maximizing
the use of loan guarantees to finance eligible projects in rural
communities in which the population exceeds 5,500; (B) maximizing the
use of direct loans to finance eligible projects if there is a material
impact on the rate payers when compared to a loan guarantee; (C)
establishing and applying a ``materiality standard'' to determine when
to maximize direct loans as directed in (B); (D) requiring projects
that require interim financing in excess of $500,000 to initially seek
financing from private or cooperative lenders; and (E) determining if
an existing direct loan borrower can refinance with a private or
cooperative lender prior to RUS providing a new direct loan.
 RUS regulations for Water and Waste Disposal Programs guaranteed
loans, direct loans and loan servicing are found in 7 CFR Parts 1779,
1780, and

[[Page 66693]]

1782, respectively. These regulations currently address topics
discussed in Section 6019 of the 2014 Farm Bill provisions, including
but not limited to requirements for documenting need for RUS financing
in lieu of credit elsewhere, graduation of loans, and interim
financing. RUS is analyzing the Section 6019 provisions and identifying
how current regulations may need to be revised. The agency is also
considering how to minimize the impact to rural end users of the
implementation of the 2014 Farm Bill Section 6019 provisions.
 RUS invites interested parties including but not limited to rural
water systems, trade associations, consumer groups, financing and
lending institutions, and individuals to comment on the questions and
potential requirements proposed herein. RUS requests that stakeholders
provide, in writing, any information or analysis they believe to be
relevant to the implementation of the 2014 Farm Bill provisions. By
further notice in the Federal Register, RUS may terminate, limit, or
otherwise modify the process of obtaining information from interested
parties. RUS encourages interested parties to review the 2014 Farm Bill
in its entirety.

Request for Comment

Stakeholder input is vital to ensure that implementation of the
provisions of Section 6019 of the 2014 Farm Bill continue to support
the agency's mission, including ensuring that new regulations and
policies do not overly burden the agency's borrowers and their
customers. The following questions and discussion items are posed to
guide stakeholder comments. RUS welcomes pertinent comments that are
beyond the scope of these questions. RUS is requesting comment and
discussion on the following topics:
 Maximizing Loan Guarantees. Provision A of Section 6019 of the 2014
Farm Bill directs the agency to ``maximize the use of'' loan guarantees
for projects that will serve rural communities with populations greater
than 5,500. RUS has an existing regulation for loan guarantees where
the Agency guarantees quality loans for the construction or improvement
of water and waste projects serving the financially needy communities
in rural areas (7 CFR 1779). In addition, RUS has an existing
regulatory requirement that applicants must certify in writing, and the
Agency shall determine and document, that the applicant is unable to
finance the proposed project from their own resources or through
commercial credit at reasonable rates and terms (7 CFR 1780.7(d)). The
agency currently does not limit its guaranteed program or test for
credit to those communities with populations of greater than 5,500. The
agency requests responses and comments on the following questions:
 1. To what degree do the agency's existing regulations fulfill the
requirements of this section? What, if any, modifications are needed to
fully address the requirements of Provision A?
 2. Should RUS require all eligible applicants with a population
exceeding 5,500 to apply for a guaranteed loan prior to applying for a
direct loan or grant?
 3. If not, what criteria should the agency apply in determining
whether applicants should be required to first apply through the
guaranteed program?
 4. How should the agency handle applicants that do not want to seek
commercial credit or guaranteed loans when they are eligible for the
agency's direct loan and grant program?
 5. Are there any other limiting factors or conditions (financial
ratios, minimum loan amounts or other), beyond the 5,500 population
required by Provision A of Section 6019, that the agency should screen
for prior to referring borrowers to cooperative and commercial lenders
for guaranteed loans?
 6. What barrier(s), if any, to participation in the Water and Waste
Disposal Guaranteed Loan Program exist for eligible rural entities? Can
they be addressed through implementation of Section 6019?
 7. Are there any other issues not mentioned in items 1through 6
that should be considered in implementing this provision of Section
6019?
 Materiality Standard. Provisions B and C of Section 6019 of the
2014 Farm Bill directs RUS to establish a materiality standard for
assessing the impact on ratepayers in determining when the agency
should use direct loans or loan guarantees. WWD Program regulations, 7
CFR Part 1780, require the agency to provide loan and grant funds for
water and waste projects serving the most financially needy
communities. The existing regulations further require the agency to
provide financial assistance that results in reasonable user costs for
rural residents, rural businesses, and other rural users. The agency
presently uses the median household income of the service area as well
as a comparison of at least 3 similar systems cost to ensure reasonable
user costs to the ratepayers. The agency requests comment on the
following topics:
 8. To what degree do the agency's existing regulations fulfill the
requirements of this section? What, if any, modifications are needed to
fully address the requirements of Provisions B and C?
 9. Should the agency apply Provisions B and C only for eligible
projects in rural communities in which the population exceeds 5,500 to
ensure a standard approach in assessing the impact on rate payers?
 10. What factors should be considered in determining the
materiality standard described in Section 6019? For those factors, what
is to be considered a material difference in cost to rate payers?
 11. How should RUS define the level of impact to ratepayers at
which the agency will use a direct loan rather than loan guarantee?
Should it be based on a set dollar increase, a percentage of median
household income, or some other approach? If an applicant qualifies for
the agency's grant, should this exclude the applicant from this
provision?
 12. Under what circumstances should an applicant that is eligible
for the direct loan program be allowed to seek a direct agency loan if
they meet or exceed the materiality threshold?
 13. What is the best way to ensure the availability of accurate and
timely information regarding rates and terms of lenders participating
in the guaranteed program so that the impact on rate payers of direct
versus guaranteed loans can be assessed?
 14. Are there any other issues not mentioned in items 8 through 13
that should be considered in implementing this provision of Section
6019?
 Interim Financing: Provision D of Section 6019 of the 2014 Farm
Bill directs the agency to require potential borrowers to seek
financing from private or cooperative lenders for projects requiring
greater than $500,000 in interim financing. RUS's existing regulation
allows for interim financing for all loans exceeding $500,000, where
funds can be borrowed at reasonable interest rates on an interim basis
from commercial sources for the construction period (7 CFR 1780.39(d)).
The agency requests comment on the following topics:
 15. To what degree do the agency's existing regulations fulfill the
requirements of this section? What, if any, modifications are needed to
fully address the requirements of Provision D?
 16. In your opinion what constitutes ``reasonable interest rates?''

[[Page 66694]]

17. Should the impact on rate payers be considered in determining
what is reasonable?
 18. In cases where an applicant initially seeks interim financing
from private or cooperative lenders and those lenders indicate a
willingness to provide financing, does this provision of 6019 prevent
the applicant from seeking and obtaining other non-private or non-
cooperative lenders interim financing when doing so would result in a
reduction in the overall project cost?
 19. Provision D requires the applicant to seek interim financing
from private or cooperative lenders. Should applicants/borrowers still
have the option to decline offers for interim financing? In what
instances should this be allowed?
 20. Are there any other issues not mentioned in items 15 through 19
that should be considered in implementing this provision of Section
6019?
 Referral to Private or Cooperative Lenders. Provision E of Section
6019 of the 2014 Farm Bill directs the Agency to determine if an
existing direct loan borrower can refinance their direct loan with a
private or cooperative lender, including with a loan guarantee, prior
to RUS providing a new direct loan. This language is consistent with
RUS's existing regulatory and servicing requirements. Applicants must
certify in writing and the Agency shall determine and document that the
applicant is unable to finance the proposed project from their own
resources or through commercial credit at reasonable rates and terms (7
CFR 1780.8(d)). In addition, if at any time, it appears to the
Government that the borrower is able to refinance the amount of
indebtedness then outstanding, in whole or in part, by obtaining a loan
for such purposes from responsible cooperative or private credit
sources, at reasonable rates and terms, the borrower will, upon request
of the Government, apply for and accept such loan (7 CFR 1782.11). The
agency requests comment on the following topics:
 21. To what degree do the agency's existing regulations fulfill the
requirements of this section? What, if any, modifications are needed to
fully address the requirements of Provision E?
 22. What process should be used by the agency to refer eligible
applicants to other lenders?
 23. What minimum information should be required of the applicant to
ensure that the costs of the referral are not overly burdensome on
rural communities?
 24. What should the agency do if a potential borrower, who is
eligible for the program, does not want to refinance older loans or use
an outside lender?
 25. Does Provision E exclude those existing borrowers who are
seeking a new loan that would qualify for an agency grant?
 26. What documentation should the agency require of the borrower if
they claim they are unable to refinance with a private or cooperative
lender, including with a loan guarantee?
 27. How should the agency handle cases where a private or
cooperative lender indicates a willingness to refinance agency loans,
but the applicant believes that refinancing would be detrimental to
their operations and cause an undue burden on their rate payers?
 28. Do commercial and cooperative banks have a threshold
(population, dollars, financial ratios or other) at which they would
not consider projects as candidates for refinancing?
 29. Are there any other issues not mentioned in items 21 through 28
that should be considered in implementing this provision of Section
6019?

Listening Session

The RUS will hold the Section 6019 Listening Session on Wednesday,
December 10, 2014, to receive comments from stakeholders and the
public. Oral comments received from this listening session will be
documented. All attendees of this listening session who submit oral
comments are requested to submit a written copy to help RUS accurately
capture public input. In addition, stakeholders and the public who do
not wish to attend or speak at the listening session are invited to
submit written comments which must be received by the date indicated in
the DATES section above.
 At the listening session, the focus is for RUS to hear from the
public. This is not a discussion with RUS officials or a question and
answer session. As noted above, the purpose is to receive public input
that RUS can consider in order to implement the provisions of Section
6019 of the 2014 Farm Bill. RUS is interested in receiving input on all
aspects of the implementation of these provisions.
 The listening session will begin with brief opening remarks from
Agency leadership in Rural Development. Individual speakers providing
oral comments are requested to be succinct (no more than five minutes)
as we do not know at this time how many participants there will be. We
request that speakers providing oral comments also provide a written
copy of their comments. See the ADDRESSES section above for information
about submitting written comments. All stakeholders and interested
members of the public are welcome to register to provide oral comments;
however, if necessary due to time constraints, a limited number will be
selected on a first come, first serve basis.

Instructions for Attending the Listening Session

Space for attendance at the listening session is limited. Due to
USDA headquarters security and space requirements, all persons wishing
to attend the listening session in person or via phone must send an
email to WEPFarmBill@wdc.usda.gov by Monday, December 8, 2014, to
register. Registrations will be accepted until maximum capacity is
reached. Once registered, you will receive an email on how to access
the listening session remotely. To register, provide the following
information:

First Name
 Last Name
 Organization
 Title
 Email
 Phone Number
 City
 State
 Indicate if you will attend in person and if you wish to
provide oral comments.

Upon arrival at the USDA South Building, registered persons must
provide valid photo identification in order to enter the building.
Visitors must enter the South Building on the Independence Side, 4th
Wing. Please allow extra time to get through security. Additional
information about the listening session, agenda, and directions to get
to the listening session, will be available at the USDA Farm Bill Web
site http://www.usda.gov/wps/portal/usda/usdahome?navid=farmbill.

Dated: November 4, 2014.
Jasper Schneider,
Acting Administrator, Rural Utilities Service.
[FR Doc. 2014-26612 Filed 11-7-14; 8:45 am]
BILLING CODE P


In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: November 11, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              430 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            November 10, 2014 Monday

Washington: Project Financing Loans, Grants, and Loan Guarantees

LENGTH: 3089  words

DATELINE: Washington


Federal Register, The Government of USA has issued the following notice:

[Federal Register Volume 79, Number 217 (Monday, November 10, 2014)]
[Notices]
[Pages 66692-66694]
From the Federal Register Online via the Government Printing Office
[www.gpo.gov]
[FR Doc No: 2014-26612]


-----------------------------------------------------------------------

DEPARTMENT OF AGRICULTURE

Rural Utilities Service


Project Financing Loans, Grants, and Loan Guarantees

AGENCY: Rural Utilities Service, USDA.

ACTION: Request for Information and Notice of Listening Session.

-----------------------------------------------------------------------

SUMMARY: The Rural Utilities Service (RUS) seeks public comments on
implementing the provisions of Section 6019 of the Agricultural Act of
2014 (2014 Farm Bill) relating to water and waste disposal direct and
guaranteed loans. RUS is requesting written comments regarding the
Section 6019 provisions and their relation to project financing
requirements. This public input will allow all affected stakeholders to
contribute to the development of agency procedures for implementing
these provisions that will continue to support the agency's mission of
facilitating the development of affordable, reliable utility
infrastructure to improve the quality of life and promote economic
development in rural America.
 As part of our implementation of the 2014 Farm Bill, RUS will be
hosting a listening session. The listening session will provide an
opportunity for stakeholders and other interested parties to offer
their comments, concerns or requests regarding the implementation of
these provisions. Instructions regarding registering for and attending
the listening session are in the SUPPLEMENTARY INFORMATION of this
notice.

DATES: Written Comments: Interested parties must submit written
comments on or before January 9, 2015.
 Listening Session: The listening session will be on Wednesday,
December 10, 2014, and will begin at 1:00 p.m. and is scheduled to end
by 3:00 p.m. All Participants must register by Monday, December 8,
2014. See the SUPPLEMENTARY INFORMATION section for additional guidance
and information on the listening session.

ADDRESSES: Submit comments in either paper or electronic format by the
following methods:
 Federal eRulemaking Portal at http://www.regulations.gov.
Follow instructions for submitting comments.
 Postal Mail/Commercial Delivery: Please send your comment
addressed to Michele Brooks, Director, Program Development and
Regulatory Analysis, USDA Rural Development, 1400 Independence Avenue,
STOP 1522, Room 5159, Washington, DC 20250- 1522.
 Listening Session: The listening session will be held in Room 5141-
S of the South Agriculture Building at 14th and Independence Avenue
SW., Wing 1, Washington, DC 20250. We invite you to participate in the
listening session. The listening session is open to all members of the
public who register.

FOR FURTHER INFORMATION CONTACT: Pamela Bennett, USDA--Rural Utilities
Service, 1400 Independence Avenue SW., Stop 1570, Washington, DC 20250-
1570, telephone (202) 720-9639 or email to WEPFarmBill@wdc.usda.gov

SUPPLEMENTARY INFORMATION:

Background

RUS provides long term financing to rural communities for the
development of water and waste disposal infrastructure under the Water
and Waste Disposal (WWD) program. The WWD program is authorized under
Section 306 of the Consolidated Farm and Rural Development Act 7 U.S.C.
1926 et seq. (CONACT), to provide financing in the form of loans,
grants, and loan guarantees to eligible applicants, including cities,
towns, and unincorporated areas with no more than 10,000 inhabitants.
This financial assistance is intended to reach communities in greatest
need and to provide reasonable user costs for rural residents,
businesses and other rural users.
 Section 6019 of the 2014 Farm Bill (Pub. L. 113-79) amended Section
333 of the CONACT to require RUS to encourage, to the maximum extent
practicable, private or cooperative lenders to finance rural water and
waste disposal facilities. The section directs the agency to achieve
this requirement through the following five provisions: (A) Maximizing
the use of loan guarantees to finance eligible projects in rural
communities in which the population exceeds 5,500; (B) maximizing the
use of direct loans to finance eligible projects if there is a material
impact on the rate payers when compared to a loan guarantee; (C)
establishing and applying a ``materiality standard'' to determine when
to maximize direct loans as directed in (B); (D) requiring projects
that require interim financing in excess of $500,000 to initially seek
financing from private or cooperative lenders; and (E) determining if
an existing direct loan borrower can refinance with a private or
cooperative lender prior to RUS providing a new direct loan.
 RUS regulations for Water and Waste Disposal Programs guaranteed
loans, direct loans and loan servicing are found in 7 CFR Parts 1779,
1780, and

[[Page 66693]]

1782, respectively. These regulations currently address topics
discussed in Section 6019 of the 2014 Farm Bill provisions, including
but not limited to requirements for documenting need for RUS financing
in lieu of credit elsewhere, graduation of loans, and interim
financing. RUS is analyzing the Section 6019 provisions and identifying
how current regulations may need to be revised. The agency is also
considering how to minimize the impact to rural end users of the
implementation of the 2014 Farm Bill Section 6019 provisions.
 RUS invites interested parties including but not limited to rural
water systems, trade associations, consumer groups, financing and
lending institutions, and individuals to comment on the questions and
potential requirements proposed herein. RUS requests that stakeholders
provide, in writing, any information or analysis they believe to be
relevant to the implementation of the 2014 Farm Bill provisions. By
further notice in the Federal Register, RUS may terminate, limit, or
otherwise modify the process of obtaining information from interested
parties. RUS encourages interested parties to review the 2014 Farm Bill
in its entirety.

Request for Comment

Stakeholder input is vital to ensure that implementation of the
provisions of Section 6019 of the 2014 Farm Bill continue to support
the agency's mission, including ensuring that new regulations and
policies do not overly burden the agency's borrowers and their
customers. The following questions and discussion items are posed to
guide stakeholder comments. RUS welcomes pertinent comments that are
beyond the scope of these questions. RUS is requesting comment and
discussion on the following topics:
 Maximizing Loan Guarantees. Provision A of Section 6019 of the 2014
Farm Bill directs the agency to ``maximize the use of'' loan guarantees
for projects that will serve rural communities with populations greater
than 5,500. RUS has an existing regulation for loan guarantees where
the Agency guarantees quality loans for the construction or improvement
of water and waste projects serving the financially needy communities
in rural areas (7 CFR 1779). In addition, RUS has an existing
regulatory requirement that applicants must certify in writing, and the
Agency shall determine and document, that the applicant is unable to
finance the proposed project from their own resources or through
commercial credit at reasonable rates and terms (7 CFR 1780.7(d)). The
agency currently does not limit its guaranteed program or test for
credit to those communities with populations of greater than 5,500. The
agency requests responses and comments on the following questions:
 1. To what degree do the agency's existing regulations fulfill the
requirements of this section? What, if any, modifications are needed to
fully address the requirements of Provision A?
 2. Should RUS require all eligible applicants with a population
exceeding 5,500 to apply for a guaranteed loan prior to applying for a
direct loan or grant?
 3. If not, what criteria should the agency apply in determining
whether applicants should be required to first apply through the
guaranteed program?
 4. How should the agency handle applicants that do not want to seek
commercial credit or guaranteed loans when they are eligible for the
agency's direct loan and grant program?
 5. Are there any other limiting factors or conditions (financial
ratios, minimum loan amounts or other), beyond the 5,500 population
required by Provision A of Section 6019, that the agency should screen
for prior to referring borrowers to cooperative and commercial lenders
for guaranteed loans?
 6. What barrier(s), if any, to participation in the Water and Waste
Disposal Guaranteed Loan Program exist for eligible rural entities? Can
they be addressed through implementation of Section 6019?
 7. Are there any other issues not mentioned in items 1through 6
that should be considered in implementing this provision of Section
6019?
 Materiality Standard. Provisions B and C of Section 6019 of the
2014 Farm Bill directs RUS to establish a materiality standard for
assessing the impact on ratepayers in determining when the agency
should use direct loans or loan guarantees. WWD Program regulations, 7
CFR Part 1780, require the agency to provide loan and grant funds for
water and waste projects serving the most financially needy
communities. The existing regulations further require the agency to
provide financial assistance that results in reasonable user costs for
rural residents, rural businesses, and other rural users. The agency
presently uses the median household income of the service area as well
as a comparison of at least 3 similar systems cost to ensure reasonable
user costs to the ratepayers. The agency requests comment on the
following topics:
 8. To what degree do the agency's existing regulations fulfill the
requirements of this section? What, if any, modifications are needed to
fully address the requirements of Provisions B and C?
 9. Should the agency apply Provisions B and C only for eligible
projects in rural communities in which the population exceeds 5,500 to
ensure a standard approach in assessing the impact on rate payers?
 10. What factors should be considered in determining the
materiality standard described in Section 6019? For those factors, what
is to be considered a material difference in cost to rate payers?
 11. How should RUS define the level of impact to ratepayers at
which the agency will use a direct loan rather than loan guarantee?
Should it be based on a set dollar increase, a percentage of median
household income, or some other approach? If an applicant qualifies for
the agency's grant, should this exclude the applicant from this
provision?
 12. Under what circumstances should an applicant that is eligible
for the direct loan program be allowed to seek a direct agency loan if
they meet or exceed the materiality threshold?
 13. What is the best way to ensure the availability of accurate and
timely information regarding rates and terms of lenders participating
in the guaranteed program so that the impact on rate payers of direct
versus guaranteed loans can be assessed?
 14. Are there any other issues not mentioned in items 8 through 13
that should be considered in implementing this provision of Section
6019?
 Interim Financing: Provision D of Section 6019 of the 2014 Farm
Bill directs the agency to require potential borrowers to seek
financing from private or cooperative lenders for projects requiring
greater than $500,000 in interim financing. RUS's existing regulation
allows for interim financing for all loans exceeding $500,000, where
funds can be borrowed at reasonable interest rates on an interim basis
from commercial sources for the construction period (7 CFR 1780.39(d)).
The agency requests comment on the following topics:
 15. To what degree do the agency's existing regulations fulfill the
requirements of this section? What, if any, modifications are needed to
fully address the requirements of Provision D?
 16. In your opinion what constitutes ``reasonable interest rates?''

[[Page 66694]]

17. Should the impact on rate payers be considered in determining
what is reasonable?
 18. In cases where an applicant initially seeks interim financing
from private or cooperative lenders and those lenders indicate a
willingness to provide financing, does this provision of 6019 prevent
the applicant from seeking and obtaining other non-private or non-
cooperative lenders interim financing when doing so would result in a
reduction in the overall project cost?
 19. Provision D requires the applicant to seek interim financing
from private or cooperative lenders. Should applicants/borrowers still
have the option to decline offers for interim financing? In what
instances should this be allowed?
 20. Are there any other issues not mentioned in items 15 through 19
that should be considered in implementing this provision of Section
6019?
 Referral to Private or Cooperative Lenders. Provision E of Section
6019 of the 2014 Farm Bill directs the Agency to determine if an
existing direct loan borrower can refinance their direct loan with a
private or cooperative lender, including with a loan guarantee, prior
to RUS providing a new direct loan. This language is consistent with
RUS's existing regulatory and servicing requirements. Applicants must
certify in writing and the Agency shall determine and document that the
applicant is unable to finance the proposed project from their own
resources or through commercial credit at reasonable rates and terms (7
CFR 1780.8(d)). In addition, if at any time, it appears to the
Government that the borrower is able to refinance the amount of
indebtedness then outstanding, in whole or in part, by obtaining a loan
for such purposes from responsible cooperative or private credit
sources, at reasonable rates and terms, the borrower will, upon request
of the Government, apply for and accept such loan (7 CFR 1782.11). The
agency requests comment on the following topics:
 21. To what degree do the agency's existing regulations fulfill the
requirements of this section? What, if any, modifications are needed to
fully address the requirements of Provision E?
 22. What process should be used by the agency to refer eligible
applicants to other lenders?
 23. What minimum information should be required of the applicant to
ensure that the costs of the referral are not overly burdensome on
rural communities?
 24. What should the agency do if a potential borrower, who is
eligible for the program, does not want to refinance older loans or use
an outside lender?
 25. Does Provision E exclude those existing borrowers who are
seeking a new loan that would qualify for an agency grant?
 26. What documentation should the agency require of the borrower if
they claim they are unable to refinance with a private or cooperative
lender, including with a loan guarantee?
 27. How should the agency handle cases where a private or
cooperative lender indicates a willingness to refinance agency loans,
but the applicant believes that refinancing would be detrimental to
their operations and cause an undue burden on their rate payers?
 28. Do commercial and cooperative banks have a threshold
(population, dollars, financial ratios or other) at which they would
not consider projects as candidates for refinancing?
 29. Are there any other issues not mentioned in items 21 through 28
that should be considered in implementing this provision of Section
6019?

Listening Session

The RUS will hold the Section 6019 Listening Session on Wednesday,
December 10, 2014, to receive comments from stakeholders and the
public. Oral comments received from this listening session will be
documented. All attendees of this listening session who submit oral
comments are requested to submit a written copy to help RUS accurately
capture public input. In addition, stakeholders and the public who do
not wish to attend or speak at the listening session are invited to
submit written comments which must be received by the date indicated in
the DATES section above.
 At the listening session, the focus is for RUS to hear from the
public. This is not a discussion with RUS officials or a question and
answer session. As noted above, the purpose is to receive public input
that RUS can consider in order to implement the provisions of Section
6019 of the 2014 Farm Bill. RUS is interested in receiving input on all
aspects of the implementation of these provisions.
 The listening session will begin with brief opening remarks from
Agency leadership in Rural Development. Individual speakers providing
oral comments are requested to be succinct (no more than five minutes)
as we do not know at this time how many participants there will be. We
request that speakers providing oral comments also provide a written
copy of their comments. See the ADDRESSES section above for information
about submitting written comments. All stakeholders and interested
members of the public are welcome to register to provide oral comments;
however, if necessary due to time constraints, a limited number will be
selected on a first come, first serve basis.

Instructions for Attending the Listening Session

Space for attendance at the listening session is limited. Due to
USDA headquarters security and space requirements, all persons wishing
to attend the listening session in person or via phone must send an
email to WEPFarmBill@wdc.usda.gov by Monday, December 8, 2014, to
register. Registrations will be accepted until maximum capacity is
reached. Once registered, you will receive an email on how to access
the listening session remotely. To register, provide the following
information:

First Name
 Last Name
 Organization
 Title
 Email
 Phone Number
 City
 State
 Indicate if you will attend in person and if you wish to
provide oral comments.

Upon arrival at the USDA South Building, registered persons must
provide valid photo identification in order to enter the building.
Visitors must enter the South Building on the Independence Side, 4th
Wing. Please allow extra time to get through security. Additional
information about the listening session, agenda, and directions to get
to the listening session, will be available at the USDA Farm Bill Web
site http://www.usda.gov/wps/portal/usda/usdahome?navid=farmbill.

Dated: November 4, 2014.
Jasper Schneider,
Acting Administrator, Rural Utilities Service.
[FR Doc. 2014-26612 Filed 11-7-14; 8:45 am]
BILLING CODE P


In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: November 13, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              431 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                     The Journal Record (Oklahoma City, OK)

                             June 13, 2013 Thursday

The Journal Record Business Briefs: June 13, 2013

BYLINE: Journal Record Staff

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 1129  words


Western Farmers receives federal loan ANADARKO - Western Farmers Electric
Cooperative has been awarded an $82.4 million federal loan from the U.S.
Department of Agriculture. The Anadarko-based cooperative will use the money to
build and improve 78 miles of transmission line, two new substations and make
other system improvements. The loan includes $4.6 million for smart-grid
projects. The WFEC supplies the electrical needs of 18 member cooperatives in
Oklahoma, along with Altus Air Force Base, plus four cooperatives in New Mexico,
and other power users in Kansas and Texas.

The loan for WFEC was the largest among a group of grants and loans announced
Wednesday by U.S. Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack. The grants and loans are
intended to improve the reliability of electricity in rural areas of 16 states.
The announcement comprises more than $356 million in loans to upgrade rural
electric services, including $15 million in smart-grid funding. - Staff report
Bridge project receives federal grant OKLAHOMA CITY - The Oklahoma Department of
Transportation will receive $718,000 for an accelerated bridge replacement
project on State Highway 51 over Cottonwood Creek in Creek County. Oklahoma was
one of 13 states to receive money for innovative highway and bridge projects
from the Federal Highway Administration's Highways for Life Discretionary Grants
program. These grants encourage new efficiency techniques and advancements in
construction methods. Crews will use accelerated techniques to assemble a
majority of the bridge alongside the site and then move the structure into
place. This will result in a road closure of less than three weeks versus six
months using conventional bridge construction methods. "The department is
honored to be selected for this grant and we believe this project on SH-51 could
help open doors for other future accelerated bridge projects across the state,"
said Mike Patterson, ODOT director. The $3.8 million project on SH-51 began in
April 2 and is expected to complete this 2013. - Staff report Furniture
available for tornado victims OKLAHOMA CITY - Feed The Children has received 20
truckloads of furniture for victims of tornado damage in central Oklahoma.
Thomasville, a provider of furniture and accessories, teamed up with logistics
partner Armstrong Relocation & Companies to deliver the furniture to Feed The
Children in Oklahoma City. The furniture includes new bedroom furniture and
entertainment centers. "When Armstrong first talked about this with Thomasville,
we asked if they might be interested in donating a couple of truckloads," said
Tom Connell, vice president of development and community relations, Armstrong
Relocation. "When they came back and told me they were going to send more than
20 loads, I was amazed and couldn't even wrap my mind around how many families
that would help. " The donation will assist Feed The Children's work to provide
long-term assistance for those affected by the storms, said Erin Engelke, vice
president of communications and public relations for Feed The Children. - Staff
report Cattlemen's Association sets ranch tour OKLAHOMA CITY - The 23rd annual
Oklahoma Cattlemen's Association's Summer Ranch Tour is scheduled for June
23-25. The tour stops include the K Bar W Ranch, McLoud; Jeffries Red Angus,
Checotah; Dismukes Ranch, Checotah; Loftin Cattle Company, Tahlequah; Ground
Zero Farms, Westville; Brashear's Angus & Concrete Feedbunks, Kansas; Cunningham
Quarter Horses, Rose; Sycamore Springs Ranch, Locust Grove; Three Forks Ranch,
Okay; Chandler Cattle Company, Haskell; C.V. Ledbetter and Son, Morris; and
Jamison Ranch, Beggs. For information, visit www.okcattlemen.org. - Staff report
Business communication awards presented OKLAHOMA CITY - The Greater Oklahoma
City Chamber received the Best of Show award from the International Association
of Business Communicators Central Oklahoma Chapter. The IABC Central Oklahoma
presented awards recognizing Bronze Quill winners, the IABC Professional of the
Year, IABC Volunteer of the Year and the Oklahoma City's Communicator of the
Year. Special awards included Communicator of the Year, Michael Morrison,
Comtech; Volunteer of the Year, Melissa Pearson and Larisha Peterman, IABC
Central Oklahoma board members; and Professional of the Year, Katherine Leidy,
Oklahoma Department of Human Services. Bronze Quill Awards of Excellence were
presented to the Greater Oklahoma City Chamber, CompSource, S Design, Moore
Norman Technology Center, Oklahoma Department of Human Services, The Golding
Group, Infant Crisis Services, Oklahoma Department of Transportation and Public
Strategies. Bronze Quill Awards of Merit were presented to the Greater Oklahoma
City Chamber, Flintco, CompSource, Moore Norman Technology Center, The Golding
Group, State Chamber of Oklahoma, Schnake Turnbo Frank|PR and Public Strategies.
- Staff report Networking business breakfast set NOBLE - Business 4 Breakfast, a
networking event, is scheduled from 8:15 a.m. to 9:30 a.m. June 25 at the Noble
Public Library in Noble. There is no fee but registration is requested and can
be made at www.reiwbc.org. Event partners are Noble Chamber of Commerce, Pioneer
Library System, Oklahoma State University Cleveland County Extension and REI
Women's Business Center. - Staff report Smithsonian exhibit available for small
towns OKLAHOMA CITY - Museums, libraries and historical societies in towns with
fewer than 20,000 residents can apply to host the Smithsonian Institution
traveling exhibition called Hometown Teams, according to the Oklahoma Humanities
Council. The exhibit will tour six Oklahoma communities from March 2015 through
December 2015. For information, visit www.museumonmainstreet.org. The fee to
apply is $250. The OHC and the Smithsonian handle all other costs. Host sites
will be selected based on location, community support, strength of proposed
ideas for supplementary events and event space. Applications are due Oct. 1. -
Staff report Arts Council seeks nominations OKLAHOMA CITY - The Oklahoma Arts
Council is seeking nominations for the 38th annual Governor's Arts Awards. The
governor presents the awards each fall during a ceremony at the Capitol.
Categories include the Governor's Award, which recognizes individuals for
longtime leadership and significant contributions to the arts across Oklahoma.
Other categories include the Business in the Arts Award, Media in the Arts
Award, Arts in Education Award, Community Service Award and the George Nigh
Public Service in the Arts Award. The deadline for nominations is Aug. 9. For
information, visit arts.ok.gov. - Staff report

http://www.journalrecord.com/be-the-first-to-know/ Click here for more from this
resource.

© 2013 Dolan Media Newswires. All Rights Reserved.

LOAD-DATE: June 20, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: General news

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2013 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved


                              432 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                         TendersInfo - Project Notices

                          September 10, 2015 Thursday

AFD DAMAN 2

LENGTH: 250  words


Budget :

500 000
Financing instrument  : Grant
Implementing partner  : Agriate, ADR

Association for Rural Development
Beneficiaries  : Six cooperatives: Borj Qalaway, Froun, Houlla, Qaounine, Rshaf,
& Srifa
Objective : In coordination with the civil-military cooperation of the French
UNIFIL contingent, the project is being implemented in six cooperatives: Borj
Qalaway, Froun, Houlla, Qaounine, Rshaf, and Srifa. It aims at providing
appropriate responses to the needs of farmers in order to:


1. provide training and technical advice to farmers to improve their technical
and cultural practices and their management of mills;
2. modernise the production tools of the six cooperatives through the provision
of appropriate equipment (modern presses, small equipment, means of transport);

3. strengthen the governance and capacity of administrative and financial
management of cooperatives;
4. Support the development of profitable economic cycles of the olive oil
production
Project completion date : 2016-12-31 12:00:00
Major organization : ADR

ASSOCIATION FOR RURAL DEVELOPMENT

Address : Hamra Street, Picadilly center,
6th floor, room 601
Beirut

Country :Lebanon
Email : Info@adr.org.lb

Url : http://www.adr.org.lb /

Financier : Agence Francaise De Developpement (AFD) (French Development
Agency),European Union (EU),

Financier address : European Union (EU)
Rue de la Loi 200/Wetstraat 200,
B-1049 Bruxelles/Brussels,
Belgium
Website : http://ec.europa.eu/
Tel: 32-2-2999696, 2993085
Fax: 32-2-2961749

LOAD-DATE: September 11, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: 811


                          Copyright 2015 Tenders Info
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              433 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                 The State Journal- Register (Springfield, IL)

                             March 8, 2014 Saturday

SECTION: IL NEWS; Pg. 4

LENGTH: 398 words


WINCHESTER &#8212; Illinois Rural Electric Cooperative chose a sunny day Friday
to officially open its new solar plant near Winchester in Scott County.

The 500-kilowatt plant, adjacent to the cooperative's Winchester substation
three miles south of Winchester on Illinois 106, is the first utility-scale
photovoltaic (PV) solar facility in the state to be built by an electric
cooperative.

It covers about four acres and consists of 2,223 American-made solar panels
&#8212; enough to provide electricity for 170 homes on the hottest day of the
year.

"We very much appreciate the support of the Illinois Department of Commerce and
Economic Opportunity and its $500,000 grant through the Renewable Energy
Development Program," said Robert Brown, president of IREC. "We couldn't have
undertaken this project without federal and state assistance."

An additional $416,000 grant from the U.S. Department of Agriculture through its
Rural Energy for America Program also helped fund the $1.8 million project.
Groundbreaking for the project was held last May.

The solar facility, along with the cooperative's wind turbine in Pike County and
its share of Prairie Power's wind resources, brings IREC's renewable resources
to more than 14 percent of peak demand.

Brown said the cooperative takes pride in being able to use renewable resources
produced at a cost that is beneficial to its 7,800 members.

"Our renewable portfolio gives us the diversity, which we believe to be critical
for the long term," he said.

U.S. Sen. Dick Durbin, a strong supporter of the plant, attended Friday's
ceremony, as did state Sen. Sam McCann, R-Carlinville, and state Rep. C.D.
Davidsmeyer, R-Jacksonville.

Durbin said the plant "continues the long tradition of cooperatives in Illinois
providing electricity at an affordable price to rural communities and serves as
an excellent example of local, state and federal governments working together to
support clean energy."

He said the facility also will provide opportunities for high school students to
learn about solar energy through hands-on lessons.

IREC, founded in 1936, provides electricity in 10 counties through a 3,000-mile
distribution system. It is among 10 cooperatives that are members of Prairie
Power Inc. that provides generation and transmission services for its members.

Contact Chris Dettro: chris.dettro@sj-r.com, 788-1510,
twitter.com/chrisdettroSJR.

LOAD-DATE: March 10, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Article

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2014 The State Journal- Register
                              All Rights Reserved


                              434 of 998 DOCUMENTS

              Copyright 2017 GlobalData Ltd., All Rights Reserved
                              GlobalData - Events

                                January 20, 2017

                    Salmon River Electric Cooperative, Inc.

                             1140 East Main Avenue
                                 Challis 83226
                                 United States

* * * * * * * * * * EVENTS * * * * * * * * * *


Agriculture Secretary Announces Projects in 42 States and Two Territories
Designed to Improve Farm and Rural Business Energy Efficiency

   Aug 15, 2013

   Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack today announced funding for 631 projects
across the nation - including 45 in North Carolina - that will help agricultural
producers and rural small businesses reduce their energy consumption and costs,
use renewable energy technologies in their operations and/or conduct feasibility
studies for renewable energy projects.Grant and loan funding is made available
through the U.S. Department of Agriculture's (USDA) Rural Energy for America
Program (REAP), which is authorized by the 2008 Farm Bill.With today's
announcement, USDA is making investments of more than $21 million in energy
projects nationwide. Despite budget uncertainties, USDA remains focused on
strengthening the rural economy. "As part of the Obama Administration's
'all-of-the-above' energy strategy, USDA continues to work with America's
farmers, ranchers and rural businesses to help them save energy and improve
their bottom line," Vilsack said. "This program and others like it would not be
available without a Food, Farm and Jobs Bill, and again I urge members of
Congress to pass a bill when they return to Washington next month." REAP helps
producers reduce energy costs and increase production efficiency. For example:
The Tate Family Farm in Climax, N.C., will use a $7,403 grant to install an
energy-efficient geothermal system. Yarbro Farms in Lawndale, N.C., was awarded
a $15,624 grant to make lighting, heating and insulation improvements to four
poultry houses. Butler Farms in Lillington, N.C., was selected to receive a
$16,250 grant to upgrade an anaerobic digester system to produce electricity
from the farm's waste stream.Farmers, ranchers, business owners and agriculture
producers in 41 other states, the U.S. Virgin Islands and the Commonwealth of
Puerto Rico will also receive funding. For example, Iron Mountain Nursery in
Stagecoach, Nev., will use a $12,476 grant to install a 7 kW solar photovoltaic
system to provide power for its farm and nursery. This project is expected to
generate 13,000 kW of energy annually. Finca Gonzalez, a fruit and vegetable
farmer in Lajas, Puerto Rico, will use a $20,000 grant to install a 23 kW
photovoltaic system to replace 97 percent of the farm's energy consumption.
Under the terms of REAP, up to 25 percent of an eligible energy production or
conservation project can be funded through a grant, and additional support can
be provided in the form of a loan. Since the start of the Obama Administration,
REAP has helped fund nearly 7,000 renewable energy and energy efficiency
projects nationwide. Today's announcement includes almost $300,000 in grants to
19 agricultural producers and rural businesses to conduct feasibility studies
for renewable energy systems. For example: The Gunnison County Electric
Association, Inc., in Gunnison, Colo., will receive a $6,739 grant to assess the
feasibility of installing a small hydropower generating plant at the Taylor
Reservoir Dam. If built, the plant would generate 4 megawatts of power. Salmon
River Electric Cooperative, Inc. in Challis, Idaho, will use a $23,759 grant to
determine the feasibility of building a 200 kilowatt gasification system to
create electricity out of waste biomass. Pioneer Energy, LLC in Hesperus, Colo.,
was selected to receive a $25,000 grant to help fund a feasibility study on
building a 99 megawatt wind farm near Lake Andes, S.D. View the list of
recipients for Rural Energy for America Program feasibility studies. REAP offers
financial assistance to farmers, ranchers and rural small businesses to purchase
and install renewable energy systems and make energy efficiency improvements.
These federal funds leverage other private funding sources for businesses. REAP
also helps the conservation of natural resources and the development of new
forms of energy that reduces America's dependence on fossil fuels and creates a
stronger rural economy. View the list of recipients for Rural Energy for America
Program grants and loans. Minnesota REAP recipients were previously announced.
President Obama's plan for rural America has brought about historic investment
and resulted in stronger rural communities. Under the President's leadership,
these investments in housing, community facilities, businesses and
infrastructure have empowered rural America to continue leading the way -
strengthening America's economy, small towns and rural communities. USDA's
investments in rural communities support the rural way of life that stands as
the backbone of our American values. President Obama and Agriculture Secretary
Vilsack are committed to a smarter use of Federal resources to foster
sustainable economic prosperity and ensure the government is a strong partner
for businesses, entrepreneurs and working families in rural communities. USDA,
through its Rural Development mission area, has a portfolio of programs designed
to improve the economic stability of rural communities, businesses, residents,
farmers and ranchers and improve the quality of life in rural America. USDA has
made a concerted effort to deliver results for the American people, even as the
Department implements sequestration - the across-the-board budget reductions
mandated under terms of the Budget Control Act. USDA has already undertaken
historic efforts since 2009 to save more than $828 million in taxpayer funds
through targeted, common-sense budget reductions. These reductions have put USDA
in a better position to carry out its mission, while implementing sequester
budget reductions in a fair manner that causes as little disruption as possible.

* * * * * * * * * * OTHER AVAILABLE REPORTS * * * * * * * * * *
Company Overview                        Events
Key Operational Employees               Key Employees
Key Facts                               Major Products and Services
Top Competitors

 * * * * * * * * * * NOTE * * * * * * * * * *

   GlobalData uses a range of research techniques to gather and verify its
information and analysis. These include primary research, in-house knowledge and
expertise, proprietary databases, and secondary sources such as company
websites, annual reports, SEC filings and press releases. Disclaimer: No part of
this publication may be reproduced, stored in a retrieval system or transmitted
in any form by any means, electronic, mechanical, photocopying, recording or
otherwise, without the prior permission of the publisher, GlobalData. The facts
of this report are believed to be correct at the time of publication but cannot
be guaranteed. Please note that the findings, conclusions and recommendations
that GlobalData delivers will be based on information gathered in good faith
from both primary and secondary sources, whose accuracy we are not always in a
position to guarantee. As such GlobalData can accept no liability whatever for
actions taken based on any information that may subsequently prove to be
incorrect.

LOAD-DATE: January 20, 2017


                              435 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                      Independent Record (Helena, Montana)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             July 3, 2010 Saturday

Telecoms cheer news of Internet stimulus funding

BYLINE: Mike Dennison, Independent Record, Helena, Mont.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 703 words


July 03--Local telecom officials on Friday hailed the selection of Montana's
first federal stimulus-funding awards for expanding high-speed Internet, saying
the projects will reach truly underserved areas and populations in the state.

"The (awards) in Montana seem to be funding projects for things the program is
actually intended for," said Geoff Feiss, general manager of the Montana
Telecommunications Association, including expanding service where it is needed,
and extending it where there is none, he added.

President Barack Obama announced the latest round of Internet grants Friday
morning, including $19.4 million to extend high-speed Internet access on the
Crow Indian Reservation in southeastern Montana and another $1.8 million to
expand public computer centers at 42 public libraries in the state.

The grants are the first for Montana from the $7 billion, nationwide
stimulus-funding project to expand high-speed Internet services in rural areas
and other parts of the country without it.

Some telecom officials in Montana had worried the grants might fund projects
they felt would duplicate existing fiber-optic networks, rather than create new
service in underserved areas.

Friday's announcement allayed those fears for now, as they said the two projects
definitely will expand high-speed Internet service where it doesn't exist or
make existing service available to more people.

"We are pleased that these particular grants, in our opinion, meet the intention
of the (stimulus act), and they'll be good for Montana," said Bonnie Lorang,
general manager of Montana Independent Telecommunications Systems. "It will open
doors for those consumers, for expanded economic development."

Lorang's and Feiss' groups represent small- and mid-sized telephone companies
and cooperatives that serve mostly rural areas of Montana.

The project on the Crow Indian Reservation, proposed by Project Telephone Co.,
will bring high-speed Internet to 4,000 people in the Crow Agency and Lodge
Grass telephone exchanges and string a fiber-optic network that will serve the
reservation towns of Pryor, St. Xavier and Fort Smith.

"It's very exciting news," said Mike Kilgore, general manager for Nemont
Telephone Cooperative, which owns Project Telephone. "It's great news for the
Crow Tribe... It's a great day for Montana."

Cedric Black Eagle, chairman of the Crow Nation, said there's virtually no
high-speed Internet on the reservation, and that the project will enable people
to operate businesses from their homes and conduct more business with the tribe
without having to drive into Crow Agency.

The project also will provide new technical jobs as well as construction jobs on
a reservation that has 40 percent unemployment, he said.

Black Eagle complimented the president for bringing jobs to rural America and
areas hard-hit by the economic downturn.

"It's another promise that the Obama administration is fulfilling, not only to
rural America but to Indian Country as well," he said. "I think that's good for
everybody."

The Crow Nation adopted Obama as a tribal member when he campaigned in Montana
in 2008.

Construction on the project likely won't begin until next spring, after detailed
engineering work and obtaining of right-of-way occurs, Kilgore said.

The library project, which also includes another $867,000 from the Bill &
Melinda Gates Foundation, will finance numerous items at library computer
centers across the state, such as more computers, expanded space, expanded
access and higher-speed Internet.

Feiss said a number of telephone companies worked with the libraries on the
proposal, advising them on what services are available and what's needed to
expand them.

"That's the way the program should work," he said. "We look forward to working
with them still."

To see more of the Independent Record, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.helenair.com. Copyright (c) 2010, Independent Record, Helena, Mont.
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For more information
about the content services offered by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services
(MCT), visit www.mctinfoservices.com, e-mail services@mctinfoservices.com, or
call 866-280-5210 (outside the United States, call +1 312-222-4544).

LOAD-DATE: July 6, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20100703-HE-Telecoms-cheer-news-of-Internet-stimulus-funding-20100703

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: HE


                       Copyright 2010 Independent Record


                              436 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                        Las Cruces Sun-News (New Mexico)

                             January 8, 2017 Sunday
                                   1 Edition

Rural development program fosters jobs

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. Z5

LENGTH: 624 words


Nonprofit organizations and government agencies in rural communities have
economic development funds at their fingertips through the Rural Business
Development Grant program (RBDG) of the U.S. Dept. of Agriculture. The program
is designed to support job creation and economic development efforts of
nonprofits and public entities, though small and emerging private businesses can
access those funds for certain projects.

Eligible applicants include state and local governments, Indian tribes,
nonprofits and public and private nonprofit higher education institutions in
communities with 50,000 or fewer residents. Eligible projects include job
training, feasibility studies, land development, rural business incubators and
more.

In November, the Mescalero Apache Tribe received $99,900 to conduct a market
feasibility study and forest assessment for the Mescalero Forest Products mill.
The mill's closure eight years ago resulted in a significant loss of jobs and
revenue for the tribe. RBDG funds will help the tribe take the steps necessary
to reopen the mill, which is expected to create 48 jobs at the site and 110 to
145 additional jobs in related industries.

Another recent grant recipient is the Northwest Council of Governments, which
received $25,000 in December to help pay for a job training program in Grants.
The program, called Solo Works, gives participants the skills needed to do
telemarketing from their homes. Solo Works graduates will be able to contract
with national firms and remain in their communities, no matter how remote. The
RBDG-funded project is overseen by Cibola Communities Economic Development
Foundation and comes at a time when Cibola County is in need of job creation.

Grant funds can be spent on the development of any private business that employs
50 or fewer new employees and has less than $1 million in projected gross
revenues. The law prohibits private businesses from receiving direct grants, but
money can go to a nonprofit or government agency that sets up a revolving loan
fund to lend money to a private business. There is no maximum level of grant
funding, but requests for smaller amounts get top priority.

Applications are evaluated based on the proposed project's consistency with
local development priorities and evidence of potential job creation.

The program also favors projects that support specific goals of the Rural
Development agency and the USDA, its parent department. These projects promote
renewable energy, local food systems and value-added agriculture, rural
cooperatives, businesses owned by minorities or women-owned businesses in
counties where poverty is persistent: Catron, Cibola, Dona Ana, Guadalupe, Luna,
McKinley, Mora, Rio Arriba, Roosevelt, San Juan, San Miguel, Socorro and Taos
counties. Economic need in the area to be served is a USDA Rural Development
priority.

The Rural Development dept. is currently taking applications for RBDG
assistance. To check eligible areas, visit https://eligibility.sc.egov.usda.

gov/eligibility/welcomeAction.do?page

Action=RBSmenu. Applications will be accepted until April 28, 2017.

The RBDG program is administered through the USDA's New Mexico office.
Additional information on this and other rural programs is available by
contacting Jesse Bopp at 505-761-4952 or by visiting https://www.rd.usda.gov/.

USDA Rural Development's mission is to increase economic opportunity and improve
the quality of life for rural residents. It fosters growth in home-ownership,
finances and business development and supports the creation of community and
technology infrastructure.

Finance New Mexico assists individuals and businesses with obtaining skills and
funding resources for their business or idea. To learn more, go to
www.FinanceNewMexico.org.

LOAD-DATE: January 8, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: lru


                       Copyright 2017 Las Cruces Sun-News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              437 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                 The Daily News (Jacksonville, North Carolina)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                              July 6, 2008 Sunday

Good news for melon growers

BYLINE: Jannette Pippin, The Daily News, Jacksonville, N.C.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 530 words


Jul. 6--BOGUE -- After the summer has passed and the last Bogue Sound watermelon
of the season has been eaten, Carteret County farmer Billy Guthrie will have a
new project on his mind.

Two grants totaling $400,000 have been approved that will help fund a facility
that will help the Bogue Sound Watermelon Growers Association and potentially
many others within the area's farming community.

"The opportunity is awesome for what it can do for farmers in this area," said
Guthrie, who serves as president of the organization.

Initial plans call for a building in the vicinity of Guthrie's farm in Bogue and
will serve as a central location at which the members of the BSWGA can sort,
grade and store melons until they are loaded up for distribution.

"With 15 to 20 farmers growing watermelons, one centralized location is needed,"
said Ray Harris, director of the Carteret County Cooperative Extension.

Members of the farmers cooperative come from Carteret, Onslow and Jones
counties. As the demand for Bogue Sound watermelons grows, even more farmers are
needed to increase production.

"It's a good problem to have, but we need to find additional growers," Harris
said.

The Bogue Sound Watermelon Growers Association has seen early success in
promoting their product and is shipping out more and more of the melons with
each season.

In 2006, the cooperative shipped 19 tractor-trailer loads of melons. The number
increased to 48 last year and more than 100 truckloads have already been
pre-sold this year.

Having a central location for all the activity will be a benefit to the BSWGA
but other uses are also envisioned for the facility.

"Hopefully we can spin into other produce," Harris said.

With refrigeration and ice-making equipment, crops such as cantaloupes could
also be stored for distribution.

And there's also the possibility of other groups benefiting, such as Carteret
Catch, a nonprofit organization that is expanding demand of locally caught
seafood.

The facility could also support activities such as farmers' markets.

But first it must be built.

"We hope to get started in September and maybe get it in place by December or
January," Harris said.

With the support of the Carteret County Cooperative Extension, the Carteret
County Economic Development Council and a grant sponsorship from Carteret
County, the project recently received two major grants.

The North Carolina Rural Economic Development Center awarded a $300,000 economic
innovation grant in February. Last month, the N.C. Department of Agriculture
announced the award of $100,000 from the Agricultural Development & Farmland
Preservation Trust Fund.

Contact Carteret County reporter Jannette Pippin at jpippin@freedomenc.com or
252-808-2275. Visit www.jdnews.com to comment on this report.

To see more of The Daily News, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.jacksonvilledailynews.com. Copyright (c) 2008, The Daily News,
Jacksonville, N.C. Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For
reprints, email tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or
847-635-6550, send a fax to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group
Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave., Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: July 7, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20080706-JN-Good-news-for-melon-growers-0706

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: JN


                         Copyright 2008 The Daily News


                              438 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                 Indian Express

                           October 15, 2011 Saturday

Decision on tickets after poll announcement: CM

BYLINE: Express News Service

LENGTH: 327  words

DATELINE: Chandigarh


Rubbishes Congress charge, says entire grants for sangat darshans from rural
development fund

Distribution of tickets to Shiromani Akali Dal (SAD) candidates in the 2012
Assembly polls will be taken up and finalised - in consultation with the party's
Political Affairs Committee - only after the announcement of elections in the
state, Chief Minister Parkash Singh Badal announced this while speaking to
mediapersons after his sangat darshan programme in Rupnagar on Friday.

Asked about allegations by Congress leaders that funds meant for welfare schemes
for the members of the Scheduled Castes were being diverted towards sangat
darshan programmes, Badal claimed that Congress leaders were issuing such
irresponsible statements out of sheer frustration. "Not even a single penny can
be spent for any other purpose. Grants for the sangat darshan programmes were
being disbursed out of the Rural Development Fund collected by levying market
fee on foodgrains procured by the state government," he added.

Blaming the Centre for not allocating adequate grants to carry out development
works, Badal said the state government is forced to generate funds from its own
resources to keep up the tempo of development in rural and urban areas. He also
gave away 80 bicycles to girl students of Government Schools under Mai Bhago
Scheme.

Earlier, addressing the sangat darshan, Badal said that Punjab was the only
state in the country to have a unique "sangat darshan" programme to redress the
day-to-day problems and grievances of the common man on the spot. He also
directed the Punjab State Power Corporation Limited to release tubewell
connections on priority basis to village panchayats and rural cooperative
societies.

"The National Service Selection Center (NSSC) for Armed Forces will soon come up
at Rupnagar. It will soon become a hub of defence institutions in the country
with the setting up of new NSSC, as NCC and naval academies are also coming up
here," said Badal.

LOAD-DATE: October 14, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


           Copyright 2011 Indian Express, distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              439 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            November 10, 2014 Monday

Project Financing Loans, Grants, and Loan Guarantees

LENGTH: 3043  words

DATELINE: Washington


Office of the Federal Register has issued the following notice:


Action

Request For Information And Notice Of Listening Session.
Summary

The Rural Utilities Service (RUS) seeks public comments on implementing the
provisions of Section 6019 of the Agricultural Act of 2014 (2014 Farm Bill)
relating to water and waste disposal direct and guaranteed loans. RUS is
requesting written comments regarding the Section 6019 provisions and their
relation to project financing requirements. This public input will allow all
affected stakeholders to contribute to the development of agency procedures for
implementing these provisions that will continue to support the agency's mission
of facilitating the development of affordable, reliable utility infrastructure
to improve the quality of life and promote economic development in rural
America.

As part of our implementation of the 2014 Farm Bill, RUS will be hosting a
listening session. The listening session will provide an opportunity for
stakeholders and other interested parties to offer their comments, concerns or
requests regarding the implementation of these provisions. Instructions
regarding registering for and attending the listening session are in the
SUPPLEMENTARY INFORMATION of this notice.

Table of Contents Back to Top

DATES:
    ADDRESSES:
    FOR FURTHER INFORMATION CONTACT:
    SUPPLEMENTARY INFORMATION:
    Background
    Request for Comment
    Listening Session
    Instructions for Attending the Listening Session

DATES: Back to Top

Written Comments: Interested parties must submit written comments on or before
January 9, 2015.

Listening Session: The listening session will be on Wednesday, December 10,
2014, and will begin at 1:00 p.m. and is scheduled to end by 3:00 p.m. All
Participants must register by Monday, December 8, 2014. See the SUPPLEMENTARY
INFORMATION section for additional guidance and information on the listening
session.
ADDRESSES: Back to Top

Submit comments in either paper or electronic format by the following methods:

Federal eRulemaking Portal at http://www.regulations.gov. Follow instructions
for submitting comments.
    Postal Mail/Commercial Delivery: Please send your comment addressed to
Michele Brooks, Director, Program Development and Regulatory Analysis, USDA
Rural Development, 1400 Independence Avenue, STOP 1522, Room 5159, Washington,
DC 20250- 1522.

Listening Session: The listening session will be held in Room 5141-S of the
South Agriculture Building at 14th and Independence Avenue SW., Wing 1,
Washington, DC 20250. We invite you to participate in the listening session. The
listening session is open to all members of the public who register.
FOR FURTHER INFORMATION CONTACT: Back to Top

Pamela Bennett, USDA--Rural Utilities Service, 1400 Independence Avenue SW.,
Stop 1570, Washington, DC 20250-1570, telephone (202) 720-9639 or email to
WEPFarmBill@wdc.usda.gov
SUPPLEMENTARY INFORMATION: Back to Top

Background Back to Top

RUS provides long term financing to rural communities for the development of
water and waste disposal infrastructure under the Water and Waste Disposal (WWD)
program. The WWD program is authorized under Section 306 of the Consolidated
Farm and Rural Development Act 7 U.S.C. 1926 et seq. (CONACT), to provide
financing in the form of loans, grants, and loan guarantees to eligible
applicants, including cities, towns, and unincorporated areas with no more than
10,000 inhabitants. This financial assistance is intended to reach communities
in greatest need and to provide reasonable user costs for rural residents,
businesses and other rural users.

Section 6019 of the 2014 Farm Bill (Pub. L. 113-79) amended Section 333 of the
CONACT to require RUS to encourage, to the maximum extent practicable, private
or cooperative lenders to finance rural water and waste disposal facilities. The
section directs the agency to achieve this requirement through the following
five provisions: (A) Maximizing the use of loan guarantees to finance eligible
projects in rural communities in which the population exceeds 5,500; (B)
maximizing the use of direct loans to finance eligible projects if there is a
material impact on the rate payers when compared to a loan guarantee; (C)
establishing and applying a "materiality standard" to determine when to maximize
direct loans as directed in (B); (D) requiring projects that require interim
financing in excess of $500,000 to initially seek financing from private or
cooperative lenders; and (E) determining if an existing direct loan borrower can
refinance with a private or cooperative lender prior to RUS providing a new
direct loan.

RUS regulations for Water and Waste Disposal Programs guaranteed loans, direct
loans and loan servicing are found in 7 CFR Parts 1779, 1780, and 1782,
respectively. These regulations currently address topics discussed in Section
6019 of the 2014 Farm Bill provisions, including but not limited to requirements
for documenting need for RUS financing in lieu of credit elsewhere, graduation
of loans, and interim financing. RUS is analyzing the Section 6019 provisions
and identifying how current regulations may need to be revised. The agency is
also considering how to minimize the impact to rural end users of the
implementation of the 2014 Farm Bill Section 6019 provisions.

RUS invites interested parties including but not limited to rural water systems,
trade associations, consumer groups, financing and lending institutions, and
individuals to comment on the questions and potential requirements proposed
herein. RUS requests that stakeholders provide, in writing, any information or
analysis they believe to be relevant to the implementation of the 2014 Farm Bill
provisions. By further notice in the Federal Register, RUS may terminate, limit,
or otherwise modify the process of obtaining information from interested
parties. RUS encourages interested parties to review the 2014 Farm Bill in its
entirety.
Request for Comment Back to Top

Stakeholder input is vital to ensure that implementation of the provisions of
Section 6019 of the 2014 Farm Bill continue to support the agency's mission,
including ensuring that new regulations and policies do not overly burden the
agency's borrowers and their customers. The following questions and discussion
items are posed to guide stakeholder comments. RUS welcomes pertinent comments
that are beyond the scope of these questions. RUS is requesting comment and
discussion on the following topics:

Maximizing Loan Guarantees. Provision A of Section 6019 of the 2014 Farm Bill
directs the agency to "maximize the use of" loan guarantees for projects that
will serve rural communities with populations greater than 5,500. RUS has an
existing regulation for loan guarantees where the Agency guarantees quality
loans for the construction or improvement of water and waste projects serving
the financially needy communities in rural areas (7 CFR 1779). In addition, RUS
has an existing regulatory requirement that applicants must certify in writing,
and the Agency shall determine and document, that the applicant is unable to
finance the proposed project from their own resources or through commercial
credit at reasonable rates and terms (7 CFR 1780.7(d)). The agency currently
does not limit its guaranteed program or test for credit to those communities
with populations of greater than 5,500. The agency requests responses and
comments on the following questions:

1. To what degree do the agency's existing regulations fulfill the requirements
of this section? What, if any, modifications are needed to fully address the
requirements of Provision A?

2. Should RUS require all eligible applicants with a population exceeding 5,500
to apply for a guaranteed loan prior to applying for a direct loan or grant?

3. If not, what criteria should the agency apply in determining whether
applicants should be required to first apply through the guaranteed program?

4. How should the agency handle applicants that do not want to seek commercial
credit or guaranteed loans when they are eligible for the agency's direct loan
and grant program?

5. Are there any other limiting factors or conditions (financial ratios, minimum
loan amounts or other), beyond the 5,500 population required by Provision A of
Section 6019, that the agency should screen for prior to referring borrowers to
cooperative and commercial lenders for guaranteed loans?

6. What barrier(s), if any, to participation in the Water and Waste Disposal
Guaranteed Loan Program exist for eligible rural entities? Can they be addressed
through implementation of Section 6019?

7. Are there any other issues not mentioned in items 1through 6 that should be
considered in implementing this provision of Section 6019?

Materiality Standard. Provisions B and C of Section 6019 of the 2014 Farm Bill
directs RUS to establish a materiality standard for assessing the impact on
ratepayers in determining when the agency should use direct loans or loan
guarantees. WWD Program regulations, 7 CFR Part 1780, require the agency to
provide loan and grant funds for water and waste projects serving the most
financially needy communities. The existing regulations further require the
agency to provide financial assistance that results in reasonable user costs for
rural residents, rural businesses, and other rural users. The agency presently
uses the median household income of the service area as well as a comparison of
at least 3 similar systems cost to ensure reasonable user costs to the
ratepayers. The agency requests comment on the following topics:

8. To what degree do the agency's existing regulations fulfill the requirements
of this section? What, if any, modifications are needed to fully address the
requirements of Provisions B and C?

9. Should the agency apply Provisions B and C only for eligible projects in
rural communities in which the population exceeds 5,500 to ensure a standard
approach in assessing the impact on rate payers?

10. What factors should be considered in determining the materiality standard
described in Section 6019? For those factors, what is to be considered a
material difference in cost to rate payers?

11. How should RUS define the level of impact to ratepayers at which the agency
will use a direct loan rather than loan guarantee? Should it be based on a set
dollar increase, a percentage of median household income, or some other
approach? If an applicant qualifies for the agency's grant, should this exclude
the applicant from this provision?

12. Under what circumstances should an applicant that is eligible for the direct
loan program be allowed to seek a direct agency loan if they meet or exceed the
materiality threshold?

13. What is the best way to ensure the availability of accurate and timely
information regarding rates and terms of lenders participating in the guaranteed
program so that the impact on rate payers of direct versus guaranteed loans can
be assessed?

14. Are there any other issues not mentioned in items 8 through 13 that should
be considered in implementing this provision of Section 6019?

Interim Financing: Provision D of Section 6019 of the 2014 Farm Bill directs the
agency to require potential borrowers to seek financing from private or
cooperative lenders for projects requiring greater than $500,000 in interim
financing. RUS's existing regulation allows for interim financing for all loans
exceeding $500,000, where funds can be borrowed at reasonable interest rates on
an interim basis from commercial sources for the construction period (7 CFR
1780.39(d)). The agency requests comment on the following topics:

15. To what degree do the agency's existing regulations fulfill the requirements
of this section? What, if any, modifications are needed to fully address the
requirements of Provision D?

16. In your opinion what constitutes "reasonable interest rates?"

17. Should the impact on rate payers be considered in determining what is
reasonable?

18. In cases where an applicant initially seeks interim financing from private
or cooperative lenders and those lenders indicate a willingness to provide
financing, does this provision of 6019 prevent the applicant from seeking and
obtaining other non-private or non-cooperative lenders interim financing when
doing so would result in a reduction in the overall project cost?

19. Provision D requires the applicant to seek interim financing from private or
cooperative lenders. Should applicants/borrowers still have the option to
decline offers for interim financing? In what instances should this be allowed?

20. Are there any other issues not mentioned in items 15 through 19 that should
be considered in implementing this provision of Section 6019?

Referral to Private or Cooperative Lenders. Provision E of Section 6019 of the
2014 Farm Bill directs the Agency to determine if an existing direct loan
borrower can refinance their direct loan with a private or cooperative lender,
including with a loan guarantee, prior to RUS providing a new direct loan. This
language is consistent with RUS's existing regulatory and servicing
requirements. Applicants must certify in writing and the Agency shall determine
and document that the applicant is unable to finance the proposed project from
their own resources or through commercial credit at reasonable rates and terms
(7 CFR 1780.8(d)). In addition, if at any time, it appears to the Government
that the borrower is able to refinance the amount of indebtedness then
outstanding, in whole or in part, by obtaining a loan for such purposes from
responsible cooperative or private credit sources, at reasonable rates and
terms, the borrower will, upon request of the Government, apply for and accept
such loan (7 CFR 1782.11). The agency requests comment on the following topics:

21. To what degree do the agency's existing regulations fulfill the requirements
of this section? What, if any, modifications are needed to fully address the
requirements of Provision E?

22. What process should be used by the agency to refer eligible applicants to
other lenders?

23. What minimum information should be required of the applicant to ensure that
the costs of the referral are not overly burdensome on rural communities?

24. What should the agency do if a potential borrower, who is eligible for the
program, does not want to refinance older loans or use an outside lender?

25. Does Provision E exclude those existing borrowers who are seeking a new loan
that would qualify for an agency grant?

26. What documentation should the agency require of the borrower if they claim
they are unable to refinance with a private or cooperative lender, including
with a loan guarantee?

27. How should the agency handle cases where a private or cooperative lender
indicates a willingness to refinance agency loans, but the applicant believes
that refinancing would be detrimental to their operations and cause an undue
burden on their rate payers?

28. Do commercial and cooperative banks have a threshold (population, dollars,
financial ratios or other) at which they would not consider projects as
candidates for refinancing?

29. Are there any other issues not mentioned in items 21 through 28 that should
be considered in implementing this provision of Section 6019?
Listening Session Back to Top

The RUS will hold the Section 6019 Listening Session on Wednesday, December 10,
2014, to receive comments from stakeholders and the public. Oral comments
received from this listening session will be documented. All attendees of this
listening session who submit oral comments are requested to submit a written
copy to help RUS accurately capture public input. In addition, stakeholders and
the public who do not wish to attend or speak at the listening session are
invited to submit written comments which must be received by the date indicated
in the DATES section above.

At the listening session, the focus is for RUS to hear from the public. This is
not a discussion with RUS officials or a question and answer session. As noted
above, the purpose is to receive public input that RUS can consider in order to
implement the provisions of Section 6019 of the 2014 Farm Bill. RUS is
interested in receiving input on all aspects of the implementation of these
provisions.

The listening session will begin with brief opening remarks from Agency
leadership in Rural Development. Individual speakers providing oral comments are
requested to be succinct (no more than five minutes) as we do not know at this
time how many participants there will be. We request that speakers providing
oral comments also provide a written copy of their comments. See the ADDRESSES
section above for information about submitting written comments. All
stakeholders and interested members of the public are welcome to register to
provide oral comments; however, if necessary due to time constraints, a limited
number will be selected on a first come, first serve basis.
Instructions for Attending the Listening Session Back to Top

Space for attendance at the listening session is limited. Due to USDA
headquarters security and space requirements, all persons wishing to attend the
listening session in person or via phone must send an email to
WEPFarmBill@wdc.usda.gov by Monday, December 8, 2014, to register. Registrations
will be accepted until maximum capacity is reached. Once registered, you will
receive an email on how to access the listening session remotely. To register,
provide the following information:

First Name
    Last Name
    Organization
    Title
    Email
    Phone Number
    City
    State
    Indicate if you will attend in person and if you wish to provide oral
comments.

Upon arrival at the USDA South Building, registered persons must provide valid
photo identification in order to enter the building. Visitors must enter the
South Building on the Independence Side, 4th Wing. Please allow extra time to
get through security. Additional information about the listening session,
agenda, and directions to get to the listening session, will be available at the
USDA Farm Bill Web site
http://www.usda.gov/wps/portal/usda/usdahome?navid=farmbill.

Dated: November 4, 2014.

Jasper Schneider,

Acting Administrator, Rural Utilities Service.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: November 13, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              440 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            November 10, 2014 Monday

Project Financing Loans, Grants, and Loan Guarantees

LENGTH: 3043  words

DATELINE: Washington


Office of the Federal Register has issued the following notice:


Action

Request For Information And Notice Of Listening Session.
Summary

The Rural Utilities Service (RUS) seeks public comments on implementing the
provisions of Section 6019 of the Agricultural Act of 2014 (2014 Farm Bill)
relating to water and waste disposal direct and guaranteed loans. RUS is
requesting written comments regarding the Section 6019 provisions and their
relation to project financing requirements. This public input will allow all
affected stakeholders to contribute to the development of agency procedures for
implementing these provisions that will continue to support the agency's mission
of facilitating the development of affordable, reliable utility infrastructure
to improve the quality of life and promote economic development in rural
America.

As part of our implementation of the 2014 Farm Bill, RUS will be hosting a
listening session. The listening session will provide an opportunity for
stakeholders and other interested parties to offer their comments, concerns or
requests regarding the implementation of these provisions. Instructions
regarding registering for and attending the listening session are in the
SUPPLEMENTARY INFORMATION of this notice.

Table of Contents Back to Top

DATES:
    ADDRESSES:
    FOR FURTHER INFORMATION CONTACT:
    SUPPLEMENTARY INFORMATION:
    Background
    Request for Comment
    Listening Session
    Instructions for Attending the Listening Session

DATES: Back to Top

Written Comments: Interested parties must submit written comments on or before
January 9, 2015.

Listening Session: The listening session will be on Wednesday, December 10,
2014, and will begin at 1:00 p.m. and is scheduled to end by 3:00 p.m. All
Participants must register by Monday, December 8, 2014. See the SUPPLEMENTARY
INFORMATION section for additional guidance and information on the listening
session.
ADDRESSES: Back to Top

Submit comments in either paper or electronic format by the following methods:

Federal eRulemaking Portal at http://www.regulations.gov. Follow instructions
for submitting comments.
    Postal Mail/Commercial Delivery: Please send your comment addressed to
Michele Brooks, Director, Program Development and Regulatory Analysis, USDA
Rural Development, 1400 Independence Avenue, STOP 1522, Room 5159, Washington,
DC 20250- 1522.

Listening Session: The listening session will be held in Room 5141-S of the
South Agriculture Building at 14th and Independence Avenue SW., Wing 1,
Washington, DC 20250. We invite you to participate in the listening session. The
listening session is open to all members of the public who register.
FOR FURTHER INFORMATION CONTACT: Back to Top

Pamela Bennett, USDA--Rural Utilities Service, 1400 Independence Avenue SW.,
Stop 1570, Washington, DC 20250-1570, telephone (202) 720-9639 or email to
WEPFarmBill@wdc.usda.gov
SUPPLEMENTARY INFORMATION: Back to Top

Background Back to Top

RUS provides long term financing to rural communities for the development of
water and waste disposal infrastructure under the Water and Waste Disposal (WWD)
program. The WWD program is authorized under Section 306 of the Consolidated
Farm and Rural Development Act 7 U.S.C. 1926 et seq. (CONACT), to provide
financing in the form of loans, grants, and loan guarantees to eligible
applicants, including cities, towns, and unincorporated areas with no more than
10,000 inhabitants. This financial assistance is intended to reach communities
in greatest need and to provide reasonable user costs for rural residents,
businesses and other rural users.

Section 6019 of the 2014 Farm Bill (Pub. L. 113-79) amended Section 333 of the
CONACT to require RUS to encourage, to the maximum extent practicable, private
or cooperative lenders to finance rural water and waste disposal facilities. The
section directs the agency to achieve this requirement through the following
five provisions: (A) Maximizing the use of loan guarantees to finance eligible
projects in rural communities in which the population exceeds 5,500; (B)
maximizing the use of direct loans to finance eligible projects if there is a
material impact on the rate payers when compared to a loan guarantee; (C)
establishing and applying a "materiality standard" to determine when to maximize
direct loans as directed in (B); (D) requiring projects that require interim
financing in excess of $500,000 to initially seek financing from private or
cooperative lenders; and (E) determining if an existing direct loan borrower can
refinance with a private or cooperative lender prior to RUS providing a new
direct loan.

RUS regulations for Water and Waste Disposal Programs guaranteed loans, direct
loans and loan servicing are found in 7 CFR Parts 1779, 1780, and 1782,
respectively. These regulations currently address topics discussed in Section
6019 of the 2014 Farm Bill provisions, including but not limited to requirements
for documenting need for RUS financing in lieu of credit elsewhere, graduation
of loans, and interim financing. RUS is analyzing the Section 6019 provisions
and identifying how current regulations may need to be revised. The agency is
also considering how to minimize the impact to rural end users of the
implementation of the 2014 Farm Bill Section 6019 provisions.

RUS invites interested parties including but not limited to rural water systems,
trade associations, consumer groups, financing and lending institutions, and
individuals to comment on the questions and potential requirements proposed
herein. RUS requests that stakeholders provide, in writing, any information or
analysis they believe to be relevant to the implementation of the 2014 Farm Bill
provisions. By further notice in the Federal Register, RUS may terminate, limit,
or otherwise modify the process of obtaining information from interested
parties. RUS encourages interested parties to review the 2014 Farm Bill in its
entirety.
Request for Comment Back to Top

Stakeholder input is vital to ensure that implementation of the provisions of
Section 6019 of the 2014 Farm Bill continue to support the agency's mission,
including ensuring that new regulations and policies do not overly burden the
agency's borrowers and their customers. The following questions and discussion
items are posed to guide stakeholder comments. RUS welcomes pertinent comments
that are beyond the scope of these questions. RUS is requesting comment and
discussion on the following topics:

Maximizing Loan Guarantees. Provision A of Section 6019 of the 2014 Farm Bill
directs the agency to "maximize the use of" loan guarantees for projects that
will serve rural communities with populations greater than 5,500. RUS has an
existing regulation for loan guarantees where the Agency guarantees quality
loans for the construction or improvement of water and waste projects serving
the financially needy communities in rural areas (7 CFR 1779). In addition, RUS
has an existing regulatory requirement that applicants must certify in writing,
and the Agency shall determine and document, that the applicant is unable to
finance the proposed project from their own resources or through commercial
credit at reasonable rates and terms (7 CFR 1780.7(d)). The agency currently
does not limit its guaranteed program or test for credit to those communities
with populations of greater than 5,500. The agency requests responses and
comments on the following questions:

1. To what degree do the agency's existing regulations fulfill the requirements
of this section? What, if any, modifications are needed to fully address the
requirements of Provision A?

2. Should RUS require all eligible applicants with a population exceeding 5,500
to apply for a guaranteed loan prior to applying for a direct loan or grant?

3. If not, what criteria should the agency apply in determining whether
applicants should be required to first apply through the guaranteed program?

4. How should the agency handle applicants that do not want to seek commercial
credit or guaranteed loans when they are eligible for the agency's direct loan
and grant program?

5. Are there any other limiting factors or conditions (financial ratios, minimum
loan amounts or other), beyond the 5,500 population required by Provision A of
Section 6019, that the agency should screen for prior to referring borrowers to
cooperative and commercial lenders for guaranteed loans?

6. What barrier(s), if any, to participation in the Water and Waste Disposal
Guaranteed Loan Program exist for eligible rural entities? Can they be addressed
through implementation of Section 6019?

7. Are there any other issues not mentioned in items 1through 6 that should be
considered in implementing this provision of Section 6019?

Materiality Standard. Provisions B and C of Section 6019 of the 2014 Farm Bill
directs RUS to establish a materiality standard for assessing the impact on
ratepayers in determining when the agency should use direct loans or loan
guarantees. WWD Program regulations, 7 CFR Part 1780, require the agency to
provide loan and grant funds for water and waste projects serving the most
financially needy communities. The existing regulations further require the
agency to provide financial assistance that results in reasonable user costs for
rural residents, rural businesses, and other rural users. The agency presently
uses the median household income of the service area as well as a comparison of
at least 3 similar systems cost to ensure reasonable user costs to the
ratepayers. The agency requests comment on the following topics:

8. To what degree do the agency's existing regulations fulfill the requirements
of this section? What, if any, modifications are needed to fully address the
requirements of Provisions B and C?

9. Should the agency apply Provisions B and C only for eligible projects in
rural communities in which the population exceeds 5,500 to ensure a standard
approach in assessing the impact on rate payers?

10. What factors should be considered in determining the materiality standard
described in Section 6019? For those factors, what is to be considered a
material difference in cost to rate payers?

11. How should RUS define the level of impact to ratepayers at which the agency
will use a direct loan rather than loan guarantee? Should it be based on a set
dollar increase, a percentage of median household income, or some other
approach? If an applicant qualifies for the agency's grant, should this exclude
the applicant from this provision?

12. Under what circumstances should an applicant that is eligible for the direct
loan program be allowed to seek a direct agency loan if they meet or exceed the
materiality threshold?

13. What is the best way to ensure the availability of accurate and timely
information regarding rates and terms of lenders participating in the guaranteed
program so that the impact on rate payers of direct versus guaranteed loans can
be assessed?

14. Are there any other issues not mentioned in items 8 through 13 that should
be considered in implementing this provision of Section 6019?

Interim Financing: Provision D of Section 6019 of the 2014 Farm Bill directs the
agency to require potential borrowers to seek financing from private or
cooperative lenders for projects requiring greater than $500,000 in interim
financing. RUS's existing regulation allows for interim financing for all loans
exceeding $500,000, where funds can be borrowed at reasonable interest rates on
an interim basis from commercial sources for the construction period (7 CFR
1780.39(d)). The agency requests comment on the following topics:

15. To what degree do the agency's existing regulations fulfill the requirements
of this section? What, if any, modifications are needed to fully address the
requirements of Provision D?

16. In your opinion what constitutes "reasonable interest rates?"

17. Should the impact on rate payers be considered in determining what is
reasonable?

18. In cases where an applicant initially seeks interim financing from private
or cooperative lenders and those lenders indicate a willingness to provide
financing, does this provision of 6019 prevent the applicant from seeking and
obtaining other non-private or non-cooperative lenders interim financing when
doing so would result in a reduction in the overall project cost?

19. Provision D requires the applicant to seek interim financing from private or
cooperative lenders. Should applicants/borrowers still have the option to
decline offers for interim financing? In what instances should this be allowed?

20. Are there any other issues not mentioned in items 15 through 19 that should
be considered in implementing this provision of Section 6019?

Referral to Private or Cooperative Lenders. Provision E of Section 6019 of the
2014 Farm Bill directs the Agency to determine if an existing direct loan
borrower can refinance their direct loan with a private or cooperative lender,
including with a loan guarantee, prior to RUS providing a new direct loan. This
language is consistent with RUS's existing regulatory and servicing
requirements. Applicants must certify in writing and the Agency shall determine
and document that the applicant is unable to finance the proposed project from
their own resources or through commercial credit at reasonable rates and terms
(7 CFR 1780.8(d)). In addition, if at any time, it appears to the Government
that the borrower is able to refinance the amount of indebtedness then
outstanding, in whole or in part, by obtaining a loan for such purposes from
responsible cooperative or private credit sources, at reasonable rates and
terms, the borrower will, upon request of the Government, apply for and accept
such loan (7 CFR 1782.11). The agency requests comment on the following topics:

21. To what degree do the agency's existing regulations fulfill the requirements
of this section? What, if any, modifications are needed to fully address the
requirements of Provision E?

22. What process should be used by the agency to refer eligible applicants to
other lenders?

23. What minimum information should be required of the applicant to ensure that
the costs of the referral are not overly burdensome on rural communities?

24. What should the agency do if a potential borrower, who is eligible for the
program, does not want to refinance older loans or use an outside lender?

25. Does Provision E exclude those existing borrowers who are seeking a new loan
that would qualify for an agency grant?

26. What documentation should the agency require of the borrower if they claim
they are unable to refinance with a private or cooperative lender, including
with a loan guarantee?

27. How should the agency handle cases where a private or cooperative lender
indicates a willingness to refinance agency loans, but the applicant believes
that refinancing would be detrimental to their operations and cause an undue
burden on their rate payers?

28. Do commercial and cooperative banks have a threshold (population, dollars,
financial ratios or other) at which they would not consider projects as
candidates for refinancing?

29. Are there any other issues not mentioned in items 21 through 28 that should
be considered in implementing this provision of Section 6019?
Listening Session Back to Top

The RUS will hold the Section 6019 Listening Session on Wednesday, December 10,
2014, to receive comments from stakeholders and the public. Oral comments
received from this listening session will be documented. All attendees of this
listening session who submit oral comments are requested to submit a written
copy to help RUS accurately capture public input. In addition, stakeholders and
the public who do not wish to attend or speak at the listening session are
invited to submit written comments which must be received by the date indicated
in the DATES section above.

At the listening session, the focus is for RUS to hear from the public. This is
not a discussion with RUS officials or a question and answer session. As noted
above, the purpose is to receive public input that RUS can consider in order to
implement the provisions of Section 6019 of the 2014 Farm Bill. RUS is
interested in receiving input on all aspects of the implementation of these
provisions.

The listening session will begin with brief opening remarks from Agency
leadership in Rural Development. Individual speakers providing oral comments are
requested to be succinct (no more than five minutes) as we do not know at this
time how many participants there will be. We request that speakers providing
oral comments also provide a written copy of their comments. See the ADDRESSES
section above for information about submitting written comments. All
stakeholders and interested members of the public are welcome to register to
provide oral comments; however, if necessary due to time constraints, a limited
number will be selected on a first come, first serve basis.
Instructions for Attending the Listening Session Back to Top

Space for attendance at the listening session is limited. Due to USDA
headquarters security and space requirements, all persons wishing to attend the
listening session in person or via phone must send an email to
WEPFarmBill@wdc.usda.gov by Monday, December 8, 2014, to register. Registrations
will be accepted until maximum capacity is reached. Once registered, you will
receive an email on how to access the listening session remotely. To register,
provide the following information:

First Name
    Last Name
    Organization
    Title
    Email
    Phone Number
    City
    State
    Indicate if you will attend in person and if you wish to provide oral
comments.

Upon arrival at the USDA South Building, registered persons must provide valid
photo identification in order to enter the building. Visitors must enter the
South Building on the Independence Side, 4th Wing. Please allow extra time to
get through security. Additional information about the listening session,
agenda, and directions to get to the listening session, will be available at the
USDA Farm Bill Web site
http://www.usda.gov/wps/portal/usda/usdahome?navid=farmbill.

Dated: November 4, 2014.

Jasper Schneider,

Acting Administrator, Rural Utilities Service.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: November 11, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              441 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                      Farmington Daily Times (New Mexico)

                              April 4, 2011 Monday

Federal funds available for renewable energy projects [5:35 p.m.]

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 423 words


ALBUQUERQUE   U.S. Department of Agriculture Rural Development is accepting
applications for the purchase and installation of renewable energy systems and
energy efficiency improvements under the Rural Energy for America Program, the
agency announced today.



Applications for this funding can be made by farmers, ranchers and other
agricultural producers, as well as owners of rural small businesses in
communities of less than 50,000 people.

"This funding is helping small rural businesses, farmers and ranchers reduce
their energy consumption and conserve natural resources, which in the long run
will help reduce our reliance on foreign oil," USDA Rural Development State
Director Terry Brunner said in announcing the program.

"Here in New Mexico the REAP program has proven it is an effective, easy way to
upgrade and replace outdated, inefficient energy systems such as heaters and air
conditioners or to fund renewable-energy projects."

Last year, the Haley pecan farm near Roswell was the recipient of REAP funding.
Now the farm's 1,500 solar voltaic panels provide enough solar power to run the
farm's irrigation pumps and to sell extra energy to the utility.

Other New Mexico projects include solar panels on a chiropractor's office in
Raton, a wind turbine for a convenience store in Vaughn, solar panels on a
storage unit company and a pecan farm in Deming, and energy-efficient
evaporative coolers in Santa Rosa.

The Rural Energy for America program provides grant and loan guarantees for the
purchase and installation of renewable energy systems (wind, solar, geothermal,
hybrid) and energy efficiency improvements (more efficient lighting, heating,
air conditioning, lighting; adding insulation; installing more energy-efficient
doors and windows).

Funding for the purchase and installation part of REAP can provide a grant for
up to 25 percent or a loan guarantee to cover up to 75 percent of the total
eligible costs of the project.

A grant/loan guarantee combination can cover up to 75 percent of the total
project cost.

Additionally, REAP provides grants of up to $100,000 for public bodies, tribes
and nonprofits, including rural electric cooperatives, to conduct energy audits
and renewable energy development assistance for rural small businesses and
agricultural producers.

REAP cannot fund projects involving residences, tillage equipment, or vehicles.

For more information on this program or to receive an application, contact Jesse
Monfort Bopp by phone at (505) 761-4952 or (505) 761-4953, or by email at
jesse.bopp@nm.usda.gov

LOAD-DATE: April 4, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


       Copyright 2011 Farmington Daily Times, a MediaNews Group Newspaper
                              All Rights Reserved


                              442 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                 The State Journal- Register (Springfield, IL)

                             March 8, 2014 Saturday

Scott county;
Co-op cuts ribbon onsolar plant

BYLINE: Chris Dettro Staff Writer

SECTION: IL NEWS; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 398 words


WINCHESTER &#8212; Illinois Rural Electric Cooperative chose a sunny day Friday
to officially open its new solar plant near Winchester in Scott County.

The 500-kilowatt plant, adjacent to the cooperative's Winchester substation
three miles south of Winchester on Illinois 106, is the first utility-scale
photovoltaic (PV) solar facility in the state to be built by an electric
cooperative.

It covers about four acres and consists of 2,223 American-made solar panels
&#8212; enough to provide electricity for 170 homes on the hottest day of the
year.

"We very much appreciate the support of the Illinois Department of Commerce and
Economic Opportunity and its $500,000 grant through the Renewable Energy
Development Program," said Robert Brown, president of IREC. "We couldn't have
undertaken this project without federal and state assistance."

An additional $416,000 grant from the U.S. Department of Agriculture through its
Rural Energy for America Program also helped fund the $1.8 million project.
Groundbreaking for the project was held last May.

The solar facility, along with the cooperative's wind turbine in Pike County and
its share of Prairie Power's wind resources, brings IREC's renewable resources
to more than 14 percent of peak demand.

Brown said the cooperative takes pride in being able to use renewable resources
produced at a cost that is beneficial to its 7,800 members.

"Our renewable portfolio gives us the diversity, which we believe to be critical
for the long term," he said.

U.S. Sen. Dick Durbin, a strong supporter of the plant, attended Friday's
ceremony, as did state Sen. Sam McCann, R-Carlinville, and state Rep. C.D.
Davidsmeyer, R-Jacksonville.

Durbin said the plant "continues the long tradition of cooperatives in Illinois
providing electricity at an affordable price to rural communities and serves as
an excellent example of local, state and federal governments working together to
support clean energy."

He said the facility also will provide opportunities for high school students to
learn about solar energy through hands-on lessons.

IREC, founded in 1936, provides electricity in 10 counties through a 3,000-mile
distribution system. It is among 10 cooperatives that are members of Prairie
Power Inc. that provides generation and transmission services for its members.

Contact Chris Dettro: chris.dettro@sj-r.com, 788-1510,
twitter.com/chrisdettroSJR.

LOAD-DATE: March 10, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Article

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2014 The State Journal- Register
                              All Rights Reserved


                              443 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                    Jacksonville Journal-Courier (Illinois)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             April 10, 2012 Tuesday

Morgan seeks water project grant

BYLINE: Greg Olson, Jacksonville Journal-Courier, Ill.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 322 words


April 10--The Morgan County Board of Commissioners on Monday approved
application for a state grant for a waterline project for the Scott Morgan
Greene Water Cooperative.

Commissioners voted to apply for a $37,000 design grant from the Illinois
Department of Commerce and Economic Opportunity for a project in southeastern
Morgan County.

The grant would cover design and engineering. The county is expected to find out
if it will receive the grant in August or September, according to David Hays,
project manager at Benton and Associates engineering firm, which is assisting
SMG Water Cooperative with the project.

Hays said if the grant money is received, SMG Water Cooperative would apply for
a state grant for construction next spring, but it would be sometime in 2014
before construction could begin.

"This $37,000 grant would be about 24 percent of the overall funding for the
completion of the design," Hays said. The balance of the cost would come from
local funds and U.S. Department of Agriculture rural development money.

Ultimately, this particular phase [Phase VII] of the water distribution project,
which began in 1989, will benefit about 95 households in southeastern Morgan
County. "Currently, those households either use private wells or purchase water
for domestic needs," Hays said.

Phase VII total costs, including design and construction, are estimated at $2.7
million.

In other action, commissioners awarded the following bids for county highway
maintenance this year: Illinois Road Contractors of Jacksonville, $248,775, for
oil and chip; Coady Supply Co. of Springfield, $87,538, for culvert materials;
and Varsity Striping of Champaign, $20,000 for road striping.

The total cost of $356,313 is covered by motor fuel tax funds.

___ (c)2012 the Jacksonville Journal-Courier (Jacksonville, Ill.) Visit the
Jacksonville Journal-Courier (Jacksonville, Ill.) at www.myjournalcourier.com
Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: April 10, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20120410-JJ-Morgan-seeks-water-project-grant-0410-20120410

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: JJ


                  Copyright 2012 Jacksonville Journal-Courier


                              444 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                The West Briton

                                  July 2, 2009

Invited to claim your share of £1.8m;
A £1.8 MILLION fund has been launched to benefit the rural economy of West
Cornwall.

SECTION: Pg. 23

LENGTH: 279 words


The West Cornwall Local Action Group has announced the launch of the scheme,
which is designed to make a difference to rural communities.

The types of projects which can be helped include innovation in rural
businesses, access to the environment, the development of co-operatives or
social enterprises and business or village hubs.

Project ideas

The £1.8m investment comes from the Rural Development Programme for England,
which is jointly funded by the EU and Defra.

"I really want to see project ideas and grant applications from smaller groups
in the rural areas." said Rex Sadler, chairman of the West Cornwall Local Action
Group.

"We've spent a long time bidding in the competition for this funding and are
pleased to get it launched.

"I would like to see people from the grassroots putting their projects forward."

West Cornwall Local Action covers Penwith and Kerrier, except for Camborne, Pool
and Redruth, and grants may be made to rural businesses, community or voluntary
groups, social enterprises, or charities.

Clare Leverton, the local action group manager, said: "We've put together a
simple guideline for the funding and I can send this out to any group which is
interested.

Exciting

"I look forward to hearing from people from across the area with exciting or new
projects.

"If you need any help to set up your group, discuss a project, or to fill in the
forms, please call me on 01209 611116."

The funding lasts until 2013, working out at about £360,000 a year.

The local action group members include local council representatives, private
business, community groups and the voluntary sector.

Cornwall Development Company will process the applications and monitor the
grants.

LOAD-DATE: July 3, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 61


                         Copyright 2009 The West Briton
                              All Rights Reserved


                              445 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                The West Briton

                                  July 2, 2009

Invited to claim your share of £1.8m;
A £1.8 MILLION fund has been launched to benefit the rural economy of West
Cornwall.

SECTION: Pg. 23

LENGTH: 279 words


The West Cornwall Local Action Group has announced the launch of the scheme,
which is designed to make a difference to rural communities.

The types of projects which can be helped include innovation in rural
businesses, access to the environment, the development of co-operatives or
social enterprises and business or village hubs.

Project ideas

The £1.8m investment comes from the Rural Development Programme for England,
which is jointly funded by the EU and Defra.

"I really want to see project ideas and grant applications from smaller groups
in the rural areas." said Rex Sadler, chairman of the West Cornwall Local Action
Group.

"We've spent a long time bidding in the competition for this funding and are
pleased to get it launched.

"I would like to see people from the grassroots putting their projects forward."

West Cornwall Local Action covers Penwith and Kerrier, except for Camborne, Pool
and Redruth, and grants may be made to rural businesses, community or voluntary
groups, social enterprises, or charities.

Clare Leverton, the local action group manager, said: "We've put together a
simple guideline for the funding and I can send this out to any group which is
interested.

Exciting

"I look forward to hearing from people from across the area with exciting or new
projects.

"If you need any help to set up your group, discuss a project, or to fill in the
forms, please call me on 01209 611116."

The funding lasts until 2013, working out at about £360,000 a year.

The local action group members include local council representatives, private
business, community groups and the voluntary sector.

Cornwall Development Company will process the applications and monitor the
grants.

LOAD-DATE: August 21, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 61


                         Copyright 2009 The West Briton
                              All Rights Reserved


                              446 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                         Deming Headlight (New Mexico)

                           February 14, 2013 Thursday

Grant funding available for rural business plans

BYLINE: For the Headlight

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 490 words


ALBUQUERQUE - USDA Rural Development State Director Terry Brunner announced his
agency is now accepting applications for the Rural Business Enterprise Grant
(RBEG) program.

In making the announcement Brunner said, "The RBEG program is one of the most
flexible economic development opportunities offered by USDA Rural Development to
create jobs, something the Obama administration has worked hard to do." He
added, "In the past the RBEG has been used to fund business incubators,
feasibility studies, business plans, and it has financed technical assistance
programs for business development."

The RBEG funding is made available to public bodies, nonprofit organizations,
public and private nonprofit institutions of higher education, and Indian tribes
to facilitate and finance the development of small and emerging private business
enterprises in rural communities and cities up to 50,000 in population.

The grant funds can be used to finance and facilitate the development of small,
private, business enterprises which is any private business that employs 50 or
fewer new employees and has less than $1 million in projected gross revenues.

The RBEG funds can also be used to pay for technical assistance for such things
as feasibility studies, business plans, business development training, or
workshops.

However, by regulation this financial assistance cannot be granted directly to a
private business. The RBEG financing is granted to a non-profit or a
governmental agency that sets up a revolving loan fund and then makes a loan to
a private business.

Applications are selected for funding based on an established competitive
scoring process. Priority will be given to application requests of $50,000 or
less. Additionally, applications will receive discretionary points for projects
that support the agency and department goals in the following categories:

Renewable energy

Local food systems and value-added agriculture

Support of cooperatives

Business programs in persistent poverty counties (Catron, Cibola, Dona Ana,
Guadalupe, Luna, McKinley, Mora, Rio Arriba, Roosevelt, San Juan, San Miguel,
Socorro, or Taos)

Underserved populations: minority and women-owned businesses

Last fiscal year, USDA Rural Development provided $283,000 to assist six New
Mexico recipients which included the Southwest Regional Housing and Community
Development Corporation to establish a revolving loan fund to assist micro
businesses in four rural New Mexico counties. RBEG funding was also provided to
the Ramah Navajo School Board, Inc. to complete a feasibility study for the
proposed Cedar Bluff Travel Center and Business Complex.

USDA Rural Development is currently accepting applications for the Rural
Business Enterprise Grants (RBEG) program until close of business, Friday, April
12, 2013.

Information on the RBEG program can be obtained from the Rural Development State
Office in Albuquerque at 505-761-4953 or at:
http://www.rurdev.usda.gov/BCP_rbeg.html

LOAD-DATE: February 19, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: In the past the RBEG has been used to fund business incubators,
feasibility studies, business plans, and it has financed technical assistance
programs for business development. State director Terry Brunner, USDA

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


          Copyright 2013 Deming Headlight, a MediaNews Group Newspaper
                              All Rights Reserved


                              447 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                  Wisconsin State Journal (Madison, Wisconsin)

                             July 2, 2009 Thursday
                                  ALL EDITION

CO-OP FORMING IN IOWA COUNTY AIMS AT RURAL ECONOMIC DEVELOPMENT

BYLINE: By MARV BALOUSEK 608-252-6135 mbalousek@madison.com

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. C1

LENGTH: 240 words


A new Iowa County cooperative may expand revenue sources for farmers and serve
as a model for economic development in other rural counties.

About 40 people gathered June 15 at the Wyoming Town Hall near Spring Green to
learn about the Driftless Foods Co-op, which is in the formation process.

Construction could begin this fall on the co-op's first project, an individual
quick-frozen vegetable processing plant in Highland, said Rick Terrien,
executive director of the Iowa County Area Economic Development Corp.

Seeking initial funding of $20 million to $25 million through investors and
grants, the co-op also plans to pursue sustainable poultry processing,
hydroponic tomato production and a regional pet-food line.

Terrien said the co-op will be modeled after a worker cooperative in Spain that
has spawned many small businesses. He said it's a better economic development
strategy for rural counties than "chasing smokestacks" and trying to attract big
companies.

"I want to turn Iowa County into a 763-square-mile (business) incubator," he
said.

Mark Olson, of Renaissance Farm near Spring Green, who turns the fresh herbs he
grows on three acres into seven product lines marketed nationally, said he would
prefer to work with the co-op.

"From a producer's point of view, it will mean the ability to take my raw
agricultural products and have them processed at a scale that is economical and
allows me to compete in a larger market," he said.

LOAD-DATE: July 3, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2009 Madison Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              448 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                              The Bismarck Tribune

                            October 17, 2010 Sunday

Clark to speak at NDFU convention

SECTION: MONEY

LENGTH: 1074 words


The North Dakota Hospital Association presented awards during its 76th annual
convention and trade show in Bismarck.

Recipients were as follows:

* American Hospital Association 2010 Grassroots Champion - Dave Molmen, Altru
Health System, Grand Forks.

* American Hospital Association 25-year Membership Award - Hillsboro Medical
Center, Hillsboro.

* American Hospital Association 75-year Membership Award - Unity Medical Center,
Grafton.

* Lifesource Hospital Partner Award - St. Alexius Medical Center, Bismarck;
Sanford Health, Fargo; Jamestown Hospital, Jamestown.

The North Dakota Jump$tart Coalition is sponsoring two North Dakota teachers'
attendance at the second National Educator Conference conducted by the national
Jump$tart Coalition for Personal Financial Literacy Nov. 5-7 in Washington.

Curtis Askvig, who teaches Problems of Democracy, government, U.S. history and
geography at Surrey High School, was selected in a random drawing of applicants
to the ND Jump$tart website.

Celina Nelson teaches business education at New Town High School. She was the
other applicant randomly selected for sponsorship to the conference.

North Dakota Jump$tart is a group of volunteers from various backgrounds that
aims to help North Dakotans of all ages learn to make wise decisions with their
money.

Fran Romsdal, Jamestown, has been elected chairman of the board of directors of
the North Dakota Chamber of Commerce.

Romsdal is the president/general manager of Central Sales Inc.

Joseph Rothschiller, president of Steffes Corp., Dickinson, was elected
chairman-elect.

Brad Schlossman, CEO, West Acres Development LLP, Fargo, was elected financial
vice chairman, and Dave MacIver, Bismarck, was re-elected president of the
chamber.

Connie Feist, owner of Real Builders Inc., Minot, is immediate past chairman.

Barbara Aasen, partner-In-charge with Eide Bailly LLP, Bismarck, also is an
executive committee appointee.

New members elected to the board are Wendy Howe, executive director, Minot
Convention & Visitors Bureau, Minot; Wade Pearson, CEO, Home of Economy Inc.,
Grand Forks; and Steve Schmitz, president/CEO, First Community Credit Union,
Jamestown.

Mid Dakota Clinic has been awarded a three-year accreditation in computed
tomography after a review by the American College of Radiology.

The accreditation is awarded to facilities meeting ACR Practice Guidelines and
Technical Standards after a peer-review evaluation by board-certified physicians
and medical physicists.

The North Dakota Association of Rural Electric Cooperatives has been awarded a
$225,000 grant through USDA Rural Development's Rural Cooperative Development
Grant program to help create self-sustaining, long-term economic development in
rural communities.

The grant will be used to operate the NDAREC cooperative development center.

The NDAREC is a trade association including 16 distribution co-ops and five
generation and transmission co-ops in North Dakota.

Dickinson Walmart employees recently donated $2,000 to the Medcenter One Great
American Bike Race, an annual fundraising event in Bismarck for children with
cerebral palsy and related disabilities.

The money was raised to support fellow worker Candace Lachenmeier, whose
husband, Jason Lachenmeier, died in June. Candace Lachenmeier declined the
donation and asked that the money be donated to GABR instead.

GABR supporter Jason Lachenmeier had raised more than $66,000 for the effort.

The North Dakota Young Professionals organization is seeking applicants for its
annual Best Places to Work and Intern awards.

Companies that employ people under age of 40 may submit online questionnaires to
NDYP about their company benefits, advancement opportunities, and why their
business is an outstanding place for young professionals to work or intern. A
statewide committee of YP members will determine the winners.

Only interns may nominate their companies for the Best Place to Intern awards.

To nominate, visit www.ndyp.net by Nov. 12.

The late Ernest R. Fleck, a longtime Bismarck lawyer, recently became the eighth
inductee of the North Dakota Petroleum Council Hall of Fame during the
association's 29th annual meeting in Minot.

"Ernie was a true pioneer in North Dakota's oil and gas industry. He was a very
active and successful member of the Petroleum Council," said Wayne Biberdorf,
seventh Hall of Fame inductee. "Ernie worked hard and was a skilled negotiator
representing mineral interests. The law firm he was associated with still bears
his name, Crowley Fleck PLLP."

A World War II veteran, Fleck graduated with a law degree in 1948. He practiced
law in Bismarck for 46 years.

Fleck also served as a Bismarck city commissioner, a member of the Mary College
board of trustees, president and trustee of the Rocky Mountain Mineral Law
Foundation, president of the Leach Foundation and as director of the Rocky
Mountain Oil & Gas Association.

Fleck died in 1995.

Medcenter One Occupational Health Clinic was recently awarded a $4,925 grant
from the North Dakota Cancer Coalition.

The grant will fund a colorectal cancer education and screening program for
Medcenter One associates.

Seven small businesses in North Dakota are to receive $2,954,800 in Small
Business Administration loans.

Funding for the loans is authorized in the Small Business Jobs Act that was
signed into law last month.

Businesses receiving loans are:

* Mandan, Double M Helicopters Inc., $450,000.

* Dickinson, Dairy Barn, $127,000.

* Watford City, Energy Contract Services, $100,000.

* Fargo, Colortech Holdings LLC, $654,800.

* West Fargo, GMR Leasing Inc., $55,000.

* Devils Lake, Twete Inc. $1,533,000.

* Hillsboro, On-Site Aviation Inc., $35,000.

Bartlett & West Inc, Bismarck, received the Sustainable Infrastructure
Achievement Award for long-term achievement from the Uni-Bell PVC Pipe
Association during the recent National Rural Water Conference in New Orleans.

The association noted Bartlett & West has provided engineering design and
installation services on more than 30,000 miles of polyvinyl chloride pipe since
1951 in states throughout the Midwest, more than any other single engineering
firm in the country, according to its records.

Gen. Wesley Clark will be keynote speaker at the North Dakota Farmers Union's
annual state convention Nov. 19-20 in Minot.

Clark, a retired four-star general who served 38 years in the Army, is
co-chairman of Growth Energy, which promotes greater use of ethanol in gasoline
to reduce oil imports and create American green jobs.

LOAD-DATE: October 18, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


       Copyright 2010 The Bismarck Tribune, a division of Lee Enterprises
                              All Rights Reserved


                              449 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                              The Herald (Glasgow)

                                 March 13, 1995

Scottish Homes to invest £36m

BYLINE: Graeme Smith

SECTION: Pg. 5

LENGTH: 494 words


THE housing agency, Scottish Homes, is to invest £36m in the Highlands and
Islands and Grampian over the coming financial year, and it expects to generate
a further £17m of investment from the private sector.

It will grant £30.8m to housing associations, co-operatives, private developers,
and individuals, and spend £5.1m on the repair and maintenance of houses which
remain in its ownership.

It will spend around £20m on housing developments already under construction, or
which have been recently approved, and more than £10m will be set aside for new
contracts and land acquisitions approved during the year.

"We have close working relationships with our strategic partners -- the local,
island and regional authorities, area health boards, local enterprise companies
and the private sector," said Mr Stuart Nichol, Scottish Homes district manager
for the Highlands, Islands, and Grampian.

"Building on the network of joint investment plans and joint initiatives already
in place, we are considerably improving our knowledge of local housing markets,
helping to ensure that investment is targeted to the people and the areas of
greatest need.

"New investment for 1995/96 will provide a start for around 835 new or improved
homes -- building on the high number of homes started last year.

"The new programme also gives priority to developing a supply of land to meet
future house-building requirements.

"Another priority will be to ensure that housing and economic investment is
linked and we will extend our partnership arrangements with the Local Enterprise
Companies."

Almost 340 homes will be created for rent through housing associations, co
-operatives and private landlords. Another 500 houses will be made available for
owner occupation through grants for low-cost home-ownership, and shared
-ownership schemes and direct grants to enable individuals to build their own
homes in rural areas.

Mr Nichol said that Scottish Homes would maintain its commitment to the Aberdeen
City Centre Partnership where a planned £66.5m investment is expected to
generate a further £3m from the private sector.

Two-thirds of the total investment will assist home-ownership initiatives,
through private developers and housing associations, and the balance will help
provide rented homes through housing associations and co-operatives.

Scottish Homes will also participate in a new multi-agency scheme for Wick which
aims to regenerate the town centre with a new housing and commercial
development.

More than £24m will be used to improve rural housing conditions and increase the
supply and widen the choice of housing to help sustain rural communities.

Mr Nichol said that the agency planned substantial investment to bring empty
properties back into use, to help alleviate homelessness, and around 140 homes
would be provided for those with special housing needs through local community
care schemes.

LOAD-DATE: March 17, 1995

LANGUAGE: English

PUB-TYPE: Paper

                   Copyright 1995 Caledonian Newspapers Ltd.


                              450 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                              May 30, 2014 Friday

Utah: Renewable Energy Feasibility Studies Grants Under the Rural Energy for
America Program

LENGTH: 328  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Sponsor  USDA Rural Business-Cooperative Service
Deadlines  Jul 7, 2014
Contact

A list of state contacts is available on the program website.
Purpose

The Renewable Energy for America Program (REAP) Feasibility Study Grant assists
eligible applicants in completing a feasibility study for a Renewable Energy
System that can qualify for a REAP Renewable Energy System Grant and/or Loan
Guarantee application.

REAP is designed to help agricultural producers and rural small businesses
reduce energy costs and consumption and help meet the nation's critical energy
needs.

Grantees should conduct feasibility studies for renewable energy systems that
will produce energy from wind, solar, biomass, geothermal, hydro power and
hydrogen-based sources. The energy to be produced includes, heat, electricity,
or fuel.

An example of a potential project may be the installation of solar panels for
hospitals or clinics to improve energy costs.
Eligibility

Eligible applicants are agricultural producers and rural small businesses. All
agricultural producers, including farmers and ranchers, who gain 50% or more of
their gross income from the agricultural operations are eligible. Small
businesses that are located in a rural area can also apply. Rural electric
cooperatives may also be eligible to apply.

Eligible technologies include: projects that produce energy from wind, solar,
biomass, geothermal, hydro power and hydrogen-based sources. All projects must
be located in a rural area and must be owned by the applicant.
Geographic
coverage  Nationwide
Amount of
funding

Total Funding Available: $28,000,000
Award Ceiling: $500,000
Award Floor: $2,500
Application
process

Links to the online application process will be available on grants.gov.
Tagged as  Agriculture, Community development, Economic development, Energy,
Environment

For further information please visit: http://www.raconline.org/

LOAD-DATE: May 30, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              451 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                              May 19, 2014 Monday

Utah: Renewable Energy Feasibility Studies Grants Under the Rural Energy for
America Program

LENGTH: 328  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Sponsor  USDA Rural Business-Cooperative Service
Deadlines  Jul 7, 2014
Contact

A list of state contacts is available on the program website.
Purpose

The Renewable Energy for America Program (REAP) Feasibility Study Grant assists
eligible applicants in completing a feasibility study for a Renewable Energy
System that can qualify for a REAP Renewable Energy System Grant and/or Loan
Guarantee application.

REAP is designed to help agricultural producers and rural small businesses
reduce energy costs and consumption and help meet the nation's critical energy
needs.

Grantees should conduct feasibility studies for renewable energy systems that
will produce energy from wind, solar, biomass, geothermal, hydro power and
hydrogen-based sources. The energy to be produced includes, heat, electricity,
or fuel.

An example of a potential project may be the installation of solar panels for
hospitals or clinics to improve energy costs.
Eligibility

Eligible applicants are agricultural producers and rural small businesses. All
agricultural producers, including farmers and ranchers, who gain 50% or more of
their gross income from the agricultural operations are eligible. Small
businesses that are located in a rural area can also apply. Rural electric
cooperatives may also be eligible to apply.

Eligible technologies include: projects that produce energy from wind, solar,
biomass, geothermal, hydro power and hydrogen-based sources. All projects must
be located in a rural area and must be owned by the applicant.
Geographic
coverage  Nationwide
Amount of
funding

Total Funding Available: $28,000,000
Award Ceiling: $500,000
Award Floor: $2,500
Application
process

Links to the online application process will be available on grants.gov.
Tagged as  Agriculture, Community development, Economic development, Energy,
Environment

For further information please visit: http://www.raconline.org/

LOAD-DATE: May 19, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              452 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             May 15, 2014 Thursday

Utah: Renewable Energy Feasibility Studies Grants Under the Rural Energy for
America Program

LENGTH: 328  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Sponsor  USDA Rural Business-Cooperative Service
Deadlines  Jul 7, 2014
Contact

A list of state contacts is available on the program website.
Purpose

The Renewable Energy for America Program (REAP) Feasibility Study Grant assists
eligible applicants in completing a feasibility study for a Renewable Energy
System that can qualify for a REAP Renewable Energy System Grant and/or Loan
Guarantee application.

REAP is designed to help agricultural producers and rural small businesses
reduce energy costs and consumption and help meet the nation's critical energy
needs.

Grantees should conduct feasibility studies for renewable energy systems that
will produce energy from wind, solar, biomass, geothermal, hydro power and
hydrogen-based sources. The energy to be produced includes, heat, electricity,
or fuel.

An example of a potential project may be the installation of solar panels for
hospitals or clinics to improve energy costs.
Eligibility

Eligible applicants are agricultural producers and rural small businesses. All
agricultural producers, including farmers and ranchers, who gain 50% or more of
their gross income from the agricultural operations are eligible. Small
businesses that are located in a rural area can also apply. Rural electric
cooperatives may also be eligible to apply.

Eligible technologies include: projects that produce energy from wind, solar,
biomass, geothermal, hydro power and hydrogen-based sources. All projects must
be located in a rural area and must be owned by the applicant.
Geographic
coverage  Nationwide
Amount of
funding

Total Funding Available: $28,000,000
Award Ceiling: $500,000
Award Floor: $2,500
Application
process

Links to the online application process will be available on grants.gov.
Tagged as  Agriculture, Community development, Economic development, Energy,
Environment

For further information please visit: http://www.raconline.org/

LOAD-DATE: May 17, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              453 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                              May 13, 2014 Tuesday

Utah: Renewable Energy Feasibility Studies Grants Under the Rural Energy for
America Program

LENGTH: 328  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Sponsor  USDA Rural Business-Cooperative Service
Deadlines  Jul 7, 2014
Contact

A list of state contacts is available on the program website.
Purpose

The Renewable Energy for America Program (REAP) Feasibility Study Grant assists
eligible applicants in completing a feasibility study for a Renewable Energy
System that can qualify for a REAP Renewable Energy System Grant and/or Loan
Guarantee application.

REAP is designed to help agricultural producers and rural small businesses
reduce energy costs and consumption and help meet the nation's critical energy
needs.

Grantees should conduct feasibility studies for renewable energy systems that
will produce energy from wind, solar, biomass, geothermal, hydro power and
hydrogen-based sources. The energy to be produced includes, heat, electricity,
or fuel.

An example of a potential project may be the installation of solar panels for
hospitals or clinics to improve energy costs.
Eligibility

Eligible applicants are agricultural producers and rural small businesses. All
agricultural producers, including farmers and ranchers, who gain 50% or more of
their gross income from the agricultural operations are eligible. Small
businesses that are located in a rural area can also apply. Rural electric
cooperatives may also be eligible to apply.

Eligible technologies include: projects that produce energy from wind, solar,
biomass, geothermal, hydro power and hydrogen-based sources. All projects must
be located in a rural area and must be owned by the applicant.
Geographic
coverage  Nationwide
Amount of
funding

Total Funding Available: $28,000,000
Award Ceiling: $500,000
Award Floor: $2,500
Application
process

Links to the online application process will be available on grants.gov.
Tagged as  Agriculture, Community development, Economic development, Energy,
Environment

For further information please visit: http://www.raconline.org/

LOAD-DATE: May 14, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              454 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                    August 22, 1996, Thursday, ALL EDITIONS

$ 1 million federal loan to help revive apartments

BYLINE: S.A. Reid; STAFF WRITER

SECTION: EXTRA; Pg. 03K

LENGTH: 389 words


The Fulton-Atlanta Community Action Committee's efforts to rehabilitate the Old
Cascade Apartments got a $ 1 million boost last week from the U.S. Department of
Housing and Urban Development (HUD).

HUD's Office of Community Planning and Development is making the money available
to Fulton County through its Section 108 loan guarantee program for the $ 3.8
million project in southwest Atlanta.

The money will be funneled through the county's Community and Housing
Development Corp. in the form of a two-year, low-interest loan to the
Fulton-Atlanta Community Action Committee

The committee hopes to turn the blighted 112-unit apartment complex at the
corner of Cascade and Fairburn roads into affordable housing for low-and
moderate-income families. One-bedroom units will rent for $ 385 a month;
two-bedroom units for $ 472.

Construction is expected to start Oct. 1 on the apartment complex, which has
been vacant for two years.

"This is a blessing for Fulton County and its citizens and will further enhance
the Cascade Road district," County Commission Vice Chairman Michael Hightower
said in a statement.

Section 108 is a HUD program that allows local governments to borrow money
against future Community Development Block Grant funds to promote economic
development, create affordable housing and provide jobs for low- and
moderate-income residents. An added plus is that the loans have easier payment
terms, including lower interest rates, than those offered by traditional banks
to help fund affordable housing projects.

"This loan will really facilitate many of our bank loans," Joyce J. Dorsey,
Fulton-Atlanta Community Action executive director. "This is just a million, but
a very significant million."

Dorsey said low-income housing is difficult to finance.

"Many lending institutions are reluctant to play a part." she said. "We were
lucky to have players like Citizens Trust Bank, Wachovia Bank and the National
Cooperative Bank of Washington, D.C."

The action committee also will get a $ 1 million loan from The National
Cooperative Bank.

Dorsey said the action committee also has secured $ 2.9 million in low-income
tax credits from the Georgia Housing Finance Authority.

"Construction will begin once all the financing is done," Dorsey said. "This
puts the icing on the cake."

LOAD-DATE: August 23, 1996

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                    Copyright 1996 The Atlanta Constitution


                              455 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                      East African Business Week (Kampala)

                                 December 2010

Local Cooperatives in U.S.$136,000 Boost

BYLINE: Bosco Hitimana

LENGTH: 110  words

DATELINE: Kigali


Nineteen Rwandan cooperatives specialising in various areas have received
US$136,913 grants from the US ambassador to expand their operations.

These cooperatives received the money under the ambassador's special self-help
fund and US president's PEPFAR community grants fund. The coops are expected to
increase production in what they do, create jobs and boost the livelihoods of
their members. This is expected to help reduce poverty and promote rural
development, which is also expected to boost local microfinance sector.

Each year, the US Ambassador to Rwanda provides the same funding to the small
businesses in quest to reduce poverty levels in the country.

LOAD-DATE: December 13, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2010 AllAfrica Global Media.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              456 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            March 17, 2016 Thursday

FEDERAL REGISTER: Inviting Applications for the Rural Business Development Grant
Program To Provide Technical Assistance for Rural Transportation Systems

LENGTH: 4641  words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Washington: Office of the Federal Register has issued the following notice:



   DEPARTMENT OF AGRICULTURE Rural Business-Cooperative Service Inviting
Applications for the Rural Business Development Grant Program To Provide
Technical Assistance for Rural Transportation Systems AGENCY: Rural Business-
Cooperative Service, USDA. ACTION: Notice.
----------------------------------------------------------------------- SUMMARY:
This notice is to invite applications for grants to provide technical assistance
for rural transportation (RT) systems under the Rural Business Development Grant
(RBDG) program for fiscal year (FY) 2016. Funding shall be made available to
qualified national organizations to provide technical assistance for RT systems
and for RT systems to Federally Recognized Native American Tribes' (FRNAT)
(collectively ``Programs'') from funds appropriated for the RBDG program.

The Rural Business-Cooperative Service (RBS) will administer these awards for FY
2016 under the RBDG program and the Consolidated Farm and Rural Development Act.
This notice is subject to the terms and funds for the Programs made available in
the Consolidated Appropriations Act, 2016 (Pub. L. 114-113) (FY 2016
appropriation). All applicants are responsible for any expenses incurred in
developing their applications. DATES: Completed applications must be received in
the USDA Rural Development State Office no later than [[Page 14412]] 4:30 p.m.
(local time) on March 31, 2016. Applications received at a USDA Rural
Development State Office after this date will not be considered for FY 2016
funding. ADDRESSES: Submit applications in paper format to the USDA Rural
Development State Office for the State where the project is located. A list of
the USDA Rural Development State Office contacts can be found at:
http://www.rurdev.usda.gov/StateOfficeAddresses.html. FOR FURTHER INFORMATION
CONTACT: Cindy Mason and Kristi Kubista-Hovis, Specialty Programs Division,
Business Programs, Rural Business- Cooperative Service, U.S. Department of
Agriculture, 1400 Independence Avenue SW., MS 3226, Room 4204-South, Washington,
DC 20250-3226, or call 202-720-1400. For further information on this notice,
please contact the USDA Rural Development State Office in the State in which the
applicant's headquarters is located. SUPPLEMENTARY INFORMATION: Overview
Solicitation Opportunity Title: Rural Business Development Grants. Announcement
Type: Initial Announcement. Catalog of Federal Domestic Assistance Number:
10.351. Dates: Completed applications must be received in the USDA Rural
Development State Office no later than 4:30 p.m. (local time) on March 31, 2016,
to be eligible for FY 2016 grant funding. Applications received after this date
will not be eligible for FY 2016 grant funding. A. Program Description 1.
Purpose of the Program. The purpose of this program is to improve the economic
conditions of rural areas. 2. Statutory Authority. This program is authorized
under section 310B(c) of the Consolidated Farm and Rural Development Act (7
U.S.C. 1932(c)). Regulations are contained in 7 CFR part 4280, subpart E. The
program is administered on behalf of RBS at the State level by the USDA Rural
Development State Offices. Assistance provided to rural areas under the program
may include the provision of on-site technical assistance to local and regional
governments, public transit agencies, and related non-profit and for-profit
organizations in rural areas; the development of training materials; and the
provision of necessary training assistance to local officials and agencies in
rural areas. Awards under the RBDG passenger transportation program will be made
on a competitive basis using specific selection criteria contained in 7 CFR part
4280, subpart E, and in accordance with section 310B(c) of the Consolidated Farm
and Rural Development Act (7 U.S.C. 1932(c)). Information required to be in the
application package includes Standard Form (SF) 424, ``Application for Federal
Assistance;'' RD 1940-20, ``Request for Environmental Information;'' Scope of
Work Narrative; Income Statement; Balance Sheet or Audit for previous 3 years;
AD-1047, ``Debarment/Suspension Certification;'' AD-1048, ``Certification
Regarding Debarment, Suspension, Ineligibility and Voluntary Exclusion;''
AD-1049, ``Certification Regarding Drug-Free Workplace Requirements;'' SF LLL,
``Disclosure of Lobbying Activities;'' RD 400- 1, ``Equal Opportunity
Agreement;'' RD 400-4, ``Assurance Agreement;'' and a letter stating Board
authorization to obtain assistance. For the FRNAT grant, which must benefit
FRNATs, at least 75 percent of the benefits of the project must be received by
members of FRNATs. The project that scores the greatest number of points based
on the RBDG selection criteria and the discretionary points will be selected for
each grant. Applicants must be qualified national non-profit organizations with
experience in providing technical assistance and training to rural communities
nationwide for the purpose of improving passenger transportation service or
facilities. To be considered ``national,'' RBS requires a qualified organization
to provide evidence that it operates RT assistance programming Nation-wide.
There is not a requirement to use the grant funds in a multi-State area. Grants
will be made to qualified national non-profit organizations for the provision of
technical assistance and training to rural communities for the purpose of
improving passenger transportation services or facilities. 3. Definition of
Terms. The definitions applicable to this notice are published at 7 CFR
4280.403. 4. Application Awards. The Agency will review, evaluate, and score
applications received in response to this notice based on the provisions in 7
CFR 4280, subpart E and as indicated in this notice. However, the Agency advises
all interested parties that the applicant bears the burden in preparing and
submitting an application in response to this notice. B. Federal Award
Information Type of Award: Grants. Fiscal Year Funds: FY 2016. Approximate
Number of Awards: To be determined based on qualified applications received.
Historically two awards have been made. Expected Amounts of Individual Awards
and Amount of Funding per Federal Award: $500,000 and $250,000 depending on the
number of applicants. Maximum Awards: A total of $500,000 will be awarded for
technical assistance for rural transportation systems and a maximum of $250,000
for FRNATs. Award Date: Prior to September 30, 2016. Performance Period: October
1, 2016, through September 30, 2017. Renewal or Supplemental Awards: None. C.
Eligibility Information 1. Eligible Applicants To be considered eligible, an
entity must be a qualified national non-profit organization serving rural areas
as evidenced in its organizational documents and demonstrated experience, per 7
CFR part 4280, subpart E. Grants will be competitively awarded to qualified
national non-profit organizations. The Agency requires the following information
to make an eligibility determination that an applicant is a national non-profit
organization. These applications must include, but are not limited to, the
following: (a) An original and one copy of SF 424, ``Application for Federal
Assistance (For Non-construction);'' (b) Copies of applicant's organizational
documents showing the applicant's legal existence and authority to perform the
activities under the grant; (c) A proposed scope of work, including a
description of the proposed Project, details of the proposed activities to be
accomplished and timeframes for completion of each task, the number of months
duration of the Project, and the estimated time it will take from grant approval
to beginning of Project implementation; (d) A written narrative that includes,
at a minimum, the following items: (i) An explanation of why the Project is
needed, the benefits of the proposed Project, and how the Project meets the
grant eligible purposes; (ii) Area to be served, identifying each governmental
unit, i.e., town, county, etc., to be affected by the Project; (iii) Description
of how the Project will coordinate Economic Development activities with other
Economic Development activities within the Project area; [[Page 14413]] (iv)
Businesses to be assisted, if appropriate, and Economic Development to be
accomplished; (v) An explanation of how the proposed Project will result in
newly created, increased, or supported jobs in the area and the number of
projected new and supported jobs within the next 3 years; (vi) A description of
the applicant's demonstrated capability and experience in providing the proposed
Project assistance, including experience of key staff members and persons who
will be providing the proposed Project activities and managing the Project;
(vii) The method and rationale used to select the areas and businesses that will
receive the service; (viii) A brief description of how the work will be
performed, including whether organizational staff or consultants or contractors
will be used; and (ix) Other information the Agency may request to assist it in
making a grant award determination. (e) The latest 3 years of financial
information to show the applicant's financial capacity to carry out the proposed
work. If the applicant is less than 3 years old, at a minimum, the information
should include all balance sheet(s), income statement(s) and cash flow
statement(s). A current audited report is required if available; (f)
Documentation regarding the availability and amount of other funds to be used in
conjunction with the funds from RBDG; (g) A budget which includes salaries,
fringe benefits, consultant costs, indirect costs, and other appropriate direct
costs for the Project. 2. Cost Sharing or Matching. Matching funds are not
required. 3. Other Applications will only be accepted from qualified national
non- profit organizations to provide technical assistance for RT. There are no
``responsiveness,'' or ``threshold'' eligibility criteria for these grants.
There is no limit on the number of applications an applicant may submit under
this announcement. In addition to the forms listed under program description,
Form AD-3030 ``Representations Regarding Felony Conviction and Tax Delinquent
Status for Corporate Applicants,'' must be completed in the affirmative. None of
the funds made available by this or any other Act may be used to enter into a
contract, memorandum of understanding, or cooperative agreement with, make a
grant to, or provide a loan or loan guarantee to, any corporation that has any
unpaid Federal tax liability that has been assessed, for which all judicial and
administrative remedies have been exhausted or have lapsed, and that is not
being paid in a timely manner pursuant to an agreement with the authority
responsible for collecting the tax liability, where the awarding agency is aware
of the unpaid tax liability, unless a Federal agency has considered suspension
or debarment of the corporation and has made a determination that this further
action is not necessary to protect the interests of the Government. None of the
funds made available by this or any other Act may be used to enter into a
contract, memorandum of understanding, or cooperative agreement with, make a
grant to, or provide a loan or loan guarantee to, any corporation that was
convicted of a felony criminal violation under any Federal law within the
preceding 24 months, where the awarding agency is aware of the conviction,
unless a Federal agency has considered suspension or debarment of the
corporation and has made a determination that this further action is not
necessary to protect the interests of the Government. 4. Completeness
Eligibility Applications will not be considered for funding if they do not
provide sufficient information to determine eligibility or are missing required
elements. D. Application and Submission Information 1. Address To Request
Application Package For further information, entities wishing to apply for
assistance should contact the USDA Rural Development State Office provided in
the ADDRESSES section of this notice to obtain copies of the application
package. Applications must be submitted in paper format. Applications submitted
to a Rural Development State Office must be received by the closing date and
local time deadline. 2. Content and Form of Application Submission An
application must contain all of the required elements. Each application received
in a USDA Rural Development State Office will be reviewed to determine if it is
consistent with the eligible purposes contained in section 310B(c) of the
Consolidated Farm and Rural Development Act (7 U.S.C. 1932(c)). Each selection
priority criterion outlined in 7 CFR 4280.435 must be addressed in the
application. Failure to address any of the criterion will result in a zero-point
score for that criterion and will impact the overall evaluation of the
application. Copies of 7 CFR part 4280, subpart E, will be provided to any
interested applicant making a request to a USDA Rural Development State Office.
All projects to receive technical assistance through these passenger
transportation grant funds are to be identified when the applications are
submitted to the USDA Rural Development State Office. Multiple project
applications must identify each individual project, indicate the amount of
funding requested for each individual project, and address the criteria as
stated above for each individual project. For multiple-project applications, the
average of the individual project scores will be the score for that application.
The applicant documentation and forms needed for a complete application are
located in the Program Description section of this notice, and 7 CFR part 4280,
subpart E. (a) There are no specific formats, specific limitations on number of
pages, font size and type face, margins, paper size, number of copies, and the
sequence or assembly requirements. (b) The component pieces of this application
should contain original signatures on the original application. (c) Since these
grants are for technical assistance for transportation purposes, no additional
information requirements other than those described in this notice and 7 CFR
part 4280, subpart E are required. 3. Unique Entity identifier and System for
Award Management (SAM) All applicants must have a Dun and Bradstreet Data
Universal Numbering System (DUNS) number which can be obtained at no cost via a
toll-free request line at (866) 705-5711 or at http://fedgov.dnb.com/webform.
Each applicant (unless the applicant is an individual or Federal awarding agency
that is excepted from the requirements under 2 CFR 25.110(b) or (c) or has an
exception approved by the Federal awarding agency under 2 CFR 25.110(d)) is
required to: (i) Be registered in the System for Award Management (SAM) before
submitting its application; (ii) provide a valid unique entity identifier in its
application; and (iii) continue to maintain an active SAM registration with
current information at all times during which it has an active Federal award or
an application or plan under consideration by a Federal awarding [[Page 14414]]
agency. The Federal awarding agency may not make a Federal award to an applicant
until the applicant has complied with all applicable unique entity identifier
and SAM requirements and, if an applicant has not fully complied with the
requirements by the time the Federal awarding agency is ready to make a Federal
award, the Federal awarding agency may determine that the applicant is not
qualified to receive a Federal award and use that determination as a basis for
making a Federal award to another applicant. 4. Submission Dates and Times (a)
Application Deadline Date: No later than 4:30 p.m. (local time) on March 31,
2016. Explanation of Deadlines: Applications must be in the USDA Rural
Development State Office by the local deadline date and time as indicated above.
If the due date falls on a Saturday, Sunday, or Federal holiday, the application
is due the next business day. (b) The deadline date means that the completed
application package must be received in the USDA Rural Development State Office
by the deadline date established above. All application documents identified in
this notice are required. (c) If completed applications are not received by the
deadline established above, the application will neither be reviewed nor
considered under any circumstances. (d) The Agency will determine the
application receipt date based on the actual date postmarked. (e) This notice is
for RT technical assistance grants only and therefore, intergovernmental reviews
are not required. (f) These grants are for RT technical assistance grants only,
no construction or equipment purchases are permitted. If the grantee has a
previously approved indirect cost rate, it is permissible, otherwise, the
applicant may elect to charge the 10 percent indirect cost permitted under 2 CFR
200.414(f) or request a determination of its Indirect Cost Rate. Due to the time
required to evaluate Indirect Cost Rates, it is likely that all funds will be
awarded by the time the Indirect Cost Rate is determined. No foreign travel is
permitted. Pre- Federal award costs will only be permitted with prior written
approval by the Agency. (g) Applicants must submit applications in hard copy
format as previously indicated in the Application and Submission Information
section of this notice. If the applicant wishes to hand deliver its application,
the addresses for these deliveries can be located in the ADDRESSES section of
this notice. (h) If you require alternative means of communication for program
information (e.g., Braille, large print, audiotape, etc.) please contact USDA's
TARGET Center at (202) 720-2600 (voice and TDD). E. Application Review
Information 1. Criteria All eligible and complete applications will be evaluated
and scored based on the selection criteria and weights contained in 7 CFR
4280.435 and will select grantees subject to the grantees' satisfactory
submission of the additional items required by 7 CFR part 4280, subpart E and
the USDA Rural Development Letter of Conditions. Failure to address any one of
the criteria by the application deadline will result in the application being
determined ineligible, and the application will not be considered for funding.
The amount of an RT grant may be adjusted, at RBS's discretion, to enable RBS to
award RT grants to the applications with the highest priority scores in each
category. 2. Review and Selection Process The State Offices will review
applications to determine if they are eligible for assistance based on
requirements contained in 7 CFR 4280.416 and 4280.417. If determined eligible,
your application will be submitted to the National Office. Funding of projects
is subject to the applicant's satisfactory submission of the additional items
required by that subpart and the USDA Rural Development Letter of Conditions.
The Agency reserves the right to award additional discretionary points under 7
CFR 4280.435(k). In awarding discretionary points, the Agency scoring criteria
regularly assigns points to applications that direct loans or grants to projects
based in or serving census tracts with poverty rates greater than or equal to 20
percent. This emphasis will support Rural Development's mission of improving the
quality of life for rural Americans and commitment to directing resources to
those who most need them. F. Federal Award Administration Information 1. Federal
Award Notices Successful applicants will receive notification for funding from
the USDA Rural Development State Office. Applicants must comply with all
applicable statutes and regulations before the grant award will be approved.
Unsuccessful applications will receive notification by mail. 2. Administrative
and National Policy Requirements Additional requirements that apply to grantees
selected for this program can be found in 7 CFR 4280.408, 4280.410, and
4280.439. Awards are subject to USDA grant regulations at 2 CFR chapter IV which
incorporates the new Office of Management and Budget (OMB) regulations 2 CFR
part 200. All successful applicants will be notified by letter, which will
include a letter of conditions, and a letter of intent to meet the conditions.
This letter is not an authorization to begin performance. If the applicant
wishes to consider beginning performance prior to the grant being officially
closed, all pre-award costs must be approved in writing and in advance by the
Agency. The grant will be considered officially awarded when all conditions in
the letter of conditions have been met and the Agency obligates the funding for
the project. Additional requirements that apply to grantees selected for this
program can be found in 7 CFR part 4280, subpart E; the Grants and Agreements
regulations of the U.S. Department of Agriculture codified in 2 CFR parts 400.1
to 400.18, and successor regulations to these parts. In addition, all recipients
of Federal financial assistance are required to report information about
first-tier sub-awards and executive compensation (see 2 CFR part 170). You will
be required to have the necessary processes and systems in place to comply with
the Federal Funding Accountability and Transparency Act of 2006 (Pub. L.
109-282) reporting requirements (see 2 CFR 170.200(b), unless you are exempt
under 2 CFR 170.110(b)). More information on these requirements can be found at
http://www.rd.usda.gov/programs-services/value-added-producer-grants. The
following additional requirements apply to grantees selected for this program:
(a) Form RD 4280-2 ``Rural Business-Cooperative Service Financial Assistance
Agreement.'' (b) Letter of Conditions. (c) Form RD 1940-1, ``Request for
Obligation of Funds.'' (d) Form RD 1942-46, ``Letter of Intent to Meet
Conditions.'' (e) Form AD-1047, ``Certification Regarding Debarment, Suspension,
and Other Responsibility Matters-Primary Covered Transactions.'' (f) Form
AD-1048, ``Certification Regarding Debarment, Suspension, Ineligibility and
Voluntary Exclusion-Lower Tier Covered Transactions.'' (g) Form AD-1049,
``Certification Regarding a Drug-Free Workplace Requirement (Grants).'' [[Page
14415]] (h) Form AD-3030, ``Representation Regarding Felony Conviction and Tax
Delinquent Status for Corporate Applicants.'' Must be signed by corporate
applicants who receive an award under this notice. (i) Form RD 400-4,
``Assurance Agreement.'' (j) SF LLL, ``Disclosure of Lobbying Activities,'' if
applicable. (k) use Form SF 270, ``Request for Advance or Reimbursement.'' 3.
Reporting (a) A Financial Status Report and a project performance activity
report will be required of all grantees on a quarterly basis until initial funds
are expended and yearly thereafter, if applicable, based on the Federal fiscal
year. The grantee will cause the project to be completed within the total sums
available to it in accordance with the Scope of Work and any necessary
modifications thereof prepared by the grantee and approved by the Agency. A
final project performance report will be required with the final Financial
Status Report. The final report may serve as the last quarterly report. The
final report must provide complete information regarding the jobs created and
supported as a result of the grant if applicable. Grantees must continuously
monitor performance to ensure that time schedules are being met, projected work
by time periods is being accomplished, and other performance objectives are
being achieved. Grantees must submit an original of each report to the Agency no
later than 30 days after the end of the quarter. The project performance reports
must include, but not be limited to, the following: (1) A comparison of actual
accomplishments to the objectives established for that period; (2) Problems,
delays, or adverse conditions, if any, which have affected or will affect
attainment of overall project objectives, prevent meeting time schedules or
objectives, or preclude the attainment of particular project work elements
during established time periods. This disclosure shall be accompanied by a
statement of the action taken or planned to resolve the situation; (3)
Objectives and timetable established for the next reporting period; (4) Any
special reporting requirements, such as jobs supported and created, businesses
assisted, or economic development which results in improvements in median
household incomes, and any other specific requirements, should be placed in the
reporting section in the Letter of Conditions; and (5) Within 90 days after the
conclusion of the project, the grantee will provide a final project evaluation
report. The last quarterly payment will be withheld until the final report is
received and approved by the Agency. Even though the grantee may request
reimbursement on a monthly basis, the last 3 months of reimbursements will be
withheld until a final project, project performance, and financial status report
are received and approved by the Agency. G. Federal Awarding Agency Contact(s)
For general questions about this announcement, please contact your USDA Rural
Development State Office provided in the ADDRESSES section of this notice. H.
Other Information Paperwork Reduction Act In accordance with the Paperwork
Reduction Act, the paperwork burden has been cleared by OMB. Federal Funding
Accountability and Transparency Act All applicants, in accordance with 2 CFR
part 25, must have a DUNS number, which can be obtained at no cost via a
toll-free request line at (866)705-5711 or online at
http://fedgov.dnb.com/webform. Similarly, all applicants must be registered in
SAM prior to submitting an application. Applicants may register for the SAM at
http://www.sam.gov. All recipients of Federal financial assistance are required
to report information about first-tier sub-awards and executive total
compensation in accordance with 2 CFR part 170. I. Nondiscrimination The U.S.
Department of Agriculture prohibits discrimination against its customers,
employees, and applicants for employment on the bases of race, color, national
origin, age, disability, sex, gender identity, religion, reprisal, and where
applicable, political beliefs, marital status, familial or parental status,
sexual orientation, or all or part of an individual's income is derived from any
public assistance program, or protected genetic information in employment, or in
any program or activity conducted or funded by the Department. (Not all
prohibited bases will apply to all programs and/or employment activities.) If
you wish to file a Civil Rights program complaint of discrimination, complete
the USDA Program Discrimination Complaint Form (PDF), found online at
http://www.ascr.usda.gov/complaint_filing_cust.html, or at any USDA office, or
call (866) 632- 9992 to request the form. You may also write a letter containing
all of the information requested in the form. Send your completed complaint form
or letter to us by mail at U.S. Department of Agriculture, Director, Office of
Adjudication, 1400 Independence Avenue SW., Washington, DC 20250-9410, by fax
(202) 690-7442 or email at program.intake@usda.gov Individuals who are deaf,
hard of hearing, or have speech disabilities and wish to file either an EEO or
program complaint may contact USDA through the Federal Relay Service at (800)
877-8339 or (800) 845-6136 (in Spanish). Persons with disabilities, who wish to
file a program complaint, please see information above on how to contact us by
mail directly or by email. Dated: March 9, 2016. Samuel H. Rikkers,
Administrator, Rural Business-Cooperative Service. [FR Doc. 2016-06036 Filed
3-16-16; 8:45 am] BILLING CODE 3410-XY-P



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: March 18, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              457 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       The Oklahoman (Oklahoma City, OK)

                          September 16, 2006 Saturday
                                  City Edition

Broadband Grants

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. 6B

LENGTH: 58 words


Oklahoma winners of the U.S. Agriculture Department's "Community Connect"
broadband Internet grants:

Choctaw Electric Cooperative, Haworth, $417,544

Choctaw Electric Cooperative, Rattan, $417,544

Choctaw Electric Cooperative, Smithville, $417,544

Nix Medical Supply Inc., doing business as CSWeb.net, Gans, $531,750

Source: USDA's Rural Development Agency

LOAD-DATE: September 19, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2006 The Oklahoman, All Rights Reserved


                              458 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                      Western Morning News (Plymouth, UK)

                            March 31, 2010 Wednesday

Grant for major grain store work

SECTION: Pg. 10

LENGTH: 419  words


A n ambitious scheme to increase facilities in Cornwall for drying, cleaning and
storing grain is about to get under way, with the help of a grant of nearly
£380,000 from the Rural Development Programme for England (RDPE).

The grant means that Kernow Grain Ltd will increase storage capacity at its
depot near Bodmin by an extra 4,000 tonnes, or 30 per cent, by erecting four
additional grain bins within the existing complex.

Kernow Grain Ltd - a 70-member grain farmers' co-operative - will also be able
to double the drying capacity of its plant.

The co-operative started in 1997 by providing drying and storage facilities to
enable arable farmers in Cornwall and Devon to store and process grain
centrally. It is now operating at full capacity, handling 14,000 tonnes a year
and its intake in 2009 consisted of feed barley, feed wheat, oats, oilseed rape
and beans.

The RDPE grant will contribute half the cost of creating additional reception
and storage bins, enhanced laboratory facilities, and will mean that other
farmers in the region will also be able to benefit from the services offered.

A positive result of the improvements will be to reduce related transport
movements by more than 13,000 miles a year.  On a similarly green theme, as part
of the project there will be modifications to the dryer and new high-efficiency
motors to reduce carbon emissions from the site.

"We have the potential to expand the operation, giving our members the
confidence to focus on quality crops and giving customers the confidence of
quality products," said Jeremy Oatey, chairman of Kernow Grain Ltd. "It will
also mean that we handle grain from other farmers in Cornwall and Devon, and
boost arable crop facilities in the region. We shall be starting work in late
March and shall be fully operational by harvest time this summer."

With the expansion, the organisation also plans to develop the skills of its
staff, directors and members through training and supply-chain placements.

"With its focus on quality and adding value, this project will have a
significant benefit for Cornish agriculture," said Rob Hatt, head of food and
rural development at the South West Regional Development Agency, which manages
RDPE in the region. "Our investment will support the development of the cereal
supply chain in the county and will help deliver financial benefits to grain
producers through price premium for the grain.  It will also have environmental
benefits through carbon savings from more efficient drying and distribution."

LOAD-DATE: April 1, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 83


                 Copyright 2010 Western Morning News (Plymouth)
                              All Rights Reserved


                              459 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                              Daily Trust (Abuja)

                            January 31, 2010 Sunday

Micro Banks, Macro Problems

LENGTH: 1507  words


What is happening to the N50 billion funds pumped into the Micro Finance Banks
by the Federal Government? What is happening to the $8.4million grant to the
sector by the World Bank? What is happening to the 1.0 per cent funding
requirement of the MFBs from the annual budgets of the three tiers of
government? Why are small banks charging high interest rates like those in the
universal banks and why are they also asking for collateral in contravention of
the policy?

The policy was introduced by the then President Olusegun Obasanjo government on
December 15, 2005 and became operational on January 1, 2008. Today there are
over 800 micro banks in the country, including unregistered ones, with the South
West having the largest share of 40.5 per cent. Others are: South South 14.3 per
cent, South East 21.2 per cent, North West 6.9 per cent, North Central 12.9 per
cent and North East 4.1 per cent.

It would be recalled that to stimulate the flow of financial services to
Nigeria's rural areas, government had introduced different credit programmes and
policies targeted at the poor. Some of these policies were: Rural Banking
programme, Sectoral Allocation of Credits, concessionary Interest Rate, the
Agricultural Credit Guarantee Scheme(ACGS), the establishment of the Nigerian
Agricultural and Cooperative Bank Limited(NACB), the National Directorate of
Employment(NDE), the Nigerian Agricultural Insurance Corporation(NAIC), the
Peoples Bank of Nigeria(PBN), the Community Banks,(CBs)and the Family Economic
Advancement Programme(FEAP). In the year 2000, government merged the NACB and
the PBN to form the Nigerian Agricultural Cooperative and Rural Development Bank
Limited (NACRDB). It also created the National Poverty Eradication Programme
(NAPEP) with the mandate of providing financial services to fight poverty in the
country.

All these poverty eradication related policies, commentators say have not
produced the desired result as they suffer weak institutional capacity, weak
capital base, huge un-served markets and could not generate employment for the
poor. For instance, successive governments were aware that there exists a huge
untapped potential at the rural levels and that the community banks designed to
fill the gaps have failed because of the problems of low capitalization and
isolated mode of operation.

Therefore, the new micro finance banks were crafted to get enough funding and to
disburse same at ease to the micro entrepreneurs. But three years down the line,
the operators of the scheme are complaining of being stifled of funding by the
government. They say the N50billion earmarked by the Umaru Musa Yar'adua
administration has not reached some of them. They say only six banks are
currently benefitting from the $8.4million World Bank grant. These six banks are
said to have up to 800,000 active clients, including 50,000 active borrowers;
ditto the 0.1 per cent funding by the federal, states and the local governments.

Consequently, the three features of simplicity of operation; absence of asset
based collateral and smallness of loans advanced which distinguish MFBs from
other financial products are gradually being eroded.

Perhaps more worrisome is the fact that regulators are unable to locate some of
the micro finance banks. Recently the Nigeria Deposit Insurance Corporation
(NDIC) raised alarm that it is overwhelmed by the number of MFBs in the country,
a situation which has made the supervision of the subsector very difficult.

A Deputy Director in NDIC Mr. Jacob Afolabi said in Kaduna that unlike the
regular deposit money banks, the NDIC does not know the location of all the
existing microfinance banks, a situation that has made monitoring and
supervision difficult.

He said: "Even when we write them letters, some of the mails are returned
undelivered. We cannot locate some of these microfinance banks because of their
wide spread across the country." He decried the low compliance with regulations
by operators in the sector.

According to him, the NDIC is supposed to conduct off-sight monitoring on a
monthly basis to regulate developments in the sector, but that only 50 per cent
of operators comply with regulations that make that possible.

In order to safeguard the interest of depositors, he said NDIC is working on a
system of identifying functional and non-functional microfinance banks.

Another problem bedeviling the MFBs is the proliferation of unlicensed banks who
fleece the unsuspecting public. Last year, the Central Bank of Nigeria, on a tip
off, was able to detect some in Lagos and the perpetrators are being brought to
book.

But the CBN has assured that it would soon focus its searchlight on the
operators to avert impending collapse of the system.

But industry players have warned that if the CBN were to adopt the same
yardstick it used for the universal banks to MFBs, the sector may eventually
collapse because of the unprecedented level of rot.

Nigerians are beginning to develop cold feet in their relations with MFBs. This
is because they now look like community banks. In Kaduna, recently, depositors
of Integrated Micro Finance Bank invaded the bank over their deposits but the
bank could not pay so it closed shop temporarily and its managers took to their
heels.

The problem of liquidity and the non-repayment of loans by customers has been a
major threat to the sector. Poor and economically active people are also
complaining that they have not been able to access loans from these small banks.
They say they are being asked of collateral as those in the universal banks.

Managing Director of Future Growth MFB Mr. Peter Edoki said that some customers
may be denied access to credit facilities if the viability of the business
proposal for which the loan is meant for is questionable. In the same vein,
Managing Director of Opengate MFB Mr. Nurain Yusuf said that the notion that
MFBs charge high interest rate and lay emphasis on collateral is false. "We
emphasize on trust and confidence, rather than collateral. Our interest rate is
negotiable and competitive".

But another operator who sought anonymity told this paper that because the level
of defaulting some micro finance banks have started asking for collateral on
loans that are up to N500,000.

Meanwhile, Managing Director of Hasal Micro Finance Bank Rogers Nwoke said
another problem of the sector is lack of skilled man power. He said most of the
players are not trained. He therefore advocated for a training institution for
operators to enable them shore up their skills and knowledge of micro financing.

The good news perhaps is that the CBN Governor Sanusi Lamido Sanusi announced at
the banks' fourth Micro Finance Conference penultimate week in Abuja that
training and examinations are under way for the MFBs' chief executives, warning
that any of them who fail the CBN exam will be shown the way out. He revealed
that the apex bank had begun the review of the microfinance policies as well as
an audit of the banks.

The Governor observed that the micro banks were already facing challenges on
inadequate funding, poor corporate governance, poor risk management and
investment mismatch.

Perhaps the mother of all obstacles confronting efforts to revive the micro
credit scheme and growing small businesses has been identified by the CBN
Governor himself when he appeared before the National Assembly before his
confirmation. The Governor had said: You create new industries with power. The
small scale industries we are talking about cannot survive without power. All of
us grew up in villages where people have grinding machines, in a village where a
woman has deep freezer and by simple selling ice water; she is able to pay
electricity bills and pay freed herself and her family. We are reducing poverty
rate, no cottage industry can survive without power."

The set target of the micro banks is to among other things cover the poor which
constitutes the majority of Nigerians. Currently, the formal financial sector
provides services to about 35 per cent of the economically active population
while the remaining 65 per cent are excluded from access to financial services.
Hence, the process, according to its exponents, will lead to reduced
unemployment and poverty; increase the share of micro credit as percentage of
total credit to the economy from 0.9 per cent in 2005 by 5 per cent to 20 per
cent in 2020, and the share of micro credit as percentage of GDP from 0.2 per
cent in 2005 to at least 5 per cent in 2020; enhance women access to financial
services by 5 per cent annually; and promote the participation of at least two
thirds of state and local government in micro credit by 2015.

But given the problems facing the sector, observers doubt if the objectives of
establishing the Micro Finance Banks can be achieved by 2020. For now the chorus
among Nigerians is that the benefit of the programme is yet to trickle down.
Experts fear operators and regulators might have lost the script. Yet, they say
the CBN's effort to reform the policy and policing the reforms is in the right
direction.

LOAD-DATE: February 10, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2010 AllAfrica Global Media.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              460 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                      Bladen Journal, Elizabethtown, N.C.

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            January 31, 2012 Tuesday

Federal dollars come to county for healthcare

BYLINE: Erin Smith, Bladen Journal, Elizabethtown, N.C.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 366 words


Jan. 31--BLADENBORO --Healthcare in Bladen County got a shot in the arm on
Tuesday when U.S. Rep. Mike McIntyre and USDA Undersecretary Dallas Tonsinger
stopped in Bladenboro to present $1.1 million in federal funds for the Bladen
Healthcare Clinic Project.

The pair visited Bladenboro Town Hall to present Bladen's Bloomin' with $800,000
and Four County EMC with $300,000 -- all of which will be used to help purchase
imaging equipment at the new location for the Bladen Healthcare Clinic.

McIntyre said his tenure as chairman of the subcommittee on rural development
has given him the opportunity to see the difference being made in various
communities through the USDA's programs.

"Four County EMC and Bladen's Bloomin' have been stalwarts in the community to
bring change to their community," said McIntyre.

With Bladenboro Mayor Livingston Lewis and other area dignitaries present, the
State Director of USDA Randall Gore gave the crowd a brief synopsis of the
amount of taxpayer dollars that has been returned to North Carolina through USDA
programs. Gore said USDA has awarded about $2.2 billion to North Carolina for
various projects through the 47 programs it administers.

"In 2011, we were able to requisition $1.2 billion to the state of North
Carolina," said Gore.

Tonsigner said there about 1,000 electric cooperatives across the United States.
Of those, 14 cooperatives from 10 states received about $6.5 million.

Lewis said the clinic is expected to employ about 20 people and will offer a
variety of services to patients.

Bladen County Economic Development Director Chuck Heustess, who was on hand for
the event, said of the $1.1 million that $600,000 will be a guaranteed loan
through First Citizens Bank. Four County EMC received a $300,000 loan from the
Rural Center, which will be put into a revolving loan fund for the project at
Bladen Healthcare.

In addition, Heustess said the project has also received a $160,000 Rural Center
grant and a $160,000 Golden Leaf grant, which will be used to renovate the
clinic's building.

___ (c)2012 the Bladen Journal (Elizabethtown, N.C.) Visit the Bladen Journal
(Elizabethtown, N.C.) at www.bladenjournal.com Distributed by MCT Information
Services

LOAD-DATE: February 1, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20120131-1BL-Federal-dollars-come-to-county-for-healthcare-20120131

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1BL


                                 Copyright 2012


                              461 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                  Prince Rupert Daily News (British Columbia)

                           August 24, 2005 Wednesday
                                 Final Edition

Local projects get federal funding boost

BYLINE: James Vassallo, The Daily News

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 546  words


A number of projects in the Northwest are getting a boost from government
through Community Futures.

As initially reported back in June, a $30,000 grant has been officially
announced for the Prince Rupert Rotary Club toward the restoration of the
Rushbrook Olympic Interpretive Walkway. The funds are being used for a
geotechnical survey to examine the infrastructure and safety improvements
required to re-open the trail.

Another grant, of more than $24,000, has also come through the local Community
Futures branch to look at solutions to improve access to Oona River through its
harbour.

"There's a river that comes out of the harbour and brings a lot of sediment,"
said Maynard Angus, general manager, Community Futures of the Pacific Northwest.
"Pretty soon you have a sand bar."

The issue becomes that this sand bar impacts the ability of vessels, and float
planes in particular, from accessing the harbour except at high tide. The study
will determine if they should dredge it out or if they should move the dock.

Oona River recently sent out a request for proposals for parties interested in
providing a solution to the issue.

Over on the Queen Charlotte Islands, Community Futures is working with the Maude
Island Healthy Living Society to assess the feasibility of a local food
processing facility for Chanterelle mushrooms. A grant for $15,800 has been
provided.

"The feasibility study is done and we're in the process of incorporating a
co-operative and obtaining the necessary equipment to process mushrooms," said
Art Lew, general manager, Community Futures of Haida Gwaii.

The new venture will see the co-operative deal with 80-90,000 pounds of
mushrooms a year, aided by an improved drying process developed by UBC.

For the moment, the group will stay away from fresh mushrooms due to limited
capacity, but in the end it hopes to create a place where local people can
benefit from the lucrative mushroom trade.

"It's big business for groups that come in and ship them over to Europe (and)
most of the people are not local," he said. "We'll be expanding locally and
giving people here some of the benefit."

In total, 35 rural communities received $962,000 in funding for 31 projects form
Western Economic Diversification Canada. Within that $70,000 has also been
provided for the province-wide "Leadership B.C." initiative, which involves the
training and development of community leaders in rural communities across B.C,
using a curriculum customized to each location. The first pilot project was
launched in Nanaimo on June 8, with other communities to follow. The B.C.
Chamber of Commerce, in partnership with the Community Futures Association of
B.C., leads the initiative.

Community Futures Development Corporations advance local entrepreneurship, as
well as promote, coordinate and implement a variety of community economic
development initiatives for their respective communities. They offer a variety
of entrepreneurial programs and access to financing for people interested in
expanding or starting their own business.

Western Economic Diversification Canada is the federal department mandated to
support economic diversification in communities across Western Canada, through
activities that promote and assist sustainable communities, innovation and
entrepreneurship.

LOAD-DATE: February 17, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Business

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2005 Prince Rupert Daily News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              462 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                              The Pioneer (India)

                             April 6, 2013 Saturday

NABARD raises support for agri, rural development in Punjab by 24%

LENGTH: 539 words

DATELINE: Chandigarh


Chandigarh, April 6 -- Touching an all-time-high figure, the National Bank for
Agriculture and Rural Development (NABARD) has extended financial support of
Rs8,242 crore for agriculture and rural development in Punjab during the year
2012-13 - increased by 24 per cent from the previous year.

"Out of Rs8,242 crore, Rs6,403 crore was for crop loan, Rs1,218 crore for
investment credit and Rs621 crore for infrastructure under Rural Infrastructure
Development Fund (RIDF)," said NABARD chief general manager Krishan Jindal.

"For facilitating credit flow for crop loan, NABARD provided financial support
of Rs5,400 crore to cooperative banks and Rs1,003 crore to regional rural banks
(RRBs), totaling Rs6,403 crore, marking an increase of 21 per cent over the
previous year," added Jindal.

He added that NABARD has extended this support at concessional rate of interest
of 4.5 per cent per annum which has helped these banks to provide crop loan to
farmers at seven per cent per annum.

NABARD provided refinance support of Rs1,218 crore during the year 2012-13 for
capital formation in agriculture and rural sector covering farm and non-farm
Sector activities - 77 per cent more than that of previous year. "Out of Rs1,218
crore, Rs574 crore was provided to commercial banks, Rs542 crore to cooperative
banks and Rs102 crore to RRBs," he added.

Jindal further informed that NABARD sanctioned projects involving loan component
of Rs621 crore in 2012-13 under RIDF for creation of infrastructure in the rural
areas. Of the total sanctions, infrastructure projects pertaining to irrigation
accounted for 73 per cent, forestry 14 per cent, warehousing seven per cent and
animal husbandry six per cent.

"It is for the first time in Punjab that forestry project involving loan of Rs86
crore for increasing bio-mass, reclamation of water-logged areas and improving
the degraded forest land, irrigation project involving loan of Rs30 crore for
using waste water from sewerage treatment plants (STPs) with a view to check
contamination of Punjab rivers, and warehouse project involving loan of Rs42
crore to increase the badly needed storage capacity were sanctioned," said
Jindal.

On completion, these projects are expected to bring 53,500 hectares under forest
cover, irrigate 71,458 hectares of agriculture land and increase 1,28,700 MT
storage capacity in Punjab.

Jindal further added that with the technical support of NABARD, the project for
migrating all the cooperative banks in the State to core banking solution (CBS)
was initiated during the year. "Chandigarh State Cooperative Bank as well as
Punjab State Cooperative Bank with all their branches and 200 branches of 20
District Central Cooperative Banks have migrated to CBS during the year
2012-13," he added.

It is expected that all the cooperative banks in the State would fully migrate
to CBS by September 30, 2013. Further, for smooth implementation of CBS, NABARD
has provided grant support totaling Rs1.52 crore and with this support, computer
labs have been set up in all the Cooperative Banks. Published by HT Syndication
with permission from Pioneer. For any query with respect to this article or any
other content requirement, please contact Editor at
htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: April 6, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2013 CMYK Printech Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              463 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                            The Times of India (TOI)

                             March 20, 2015 Friday

NABARD to give ATM cards to Pilibhit farmers

BYLINE: Keshav Agrawal

SECTION: BAREILLY

LENGTH: 423 words


PILIBHIT: Around one lakh farmers in Pilibhit who have an account in the
district cooperative bank will soon be able to deposit or withdraw money or any
other banking transactions with any nationalized bank anywhere in the country
with the help of the newly introduced 'Rupay Kisan card', an ATM card by
National Bank for Agriculture and Rural Development (NABARD).

Till now, account holders of district cooperative bank had to make manual
transactions at the branches of cooperative bank, especially the cooperative
societies, as their services were not computerized and linked to any banking
system. Now, the new plan would ensure complete transparency of banking
activities. It would save farmers from fraudulent transactions which are often
reported by farmers against banks from time to time.

The chief general manager of Uttar Pradesh's NABARD launched the 'Rupay Kisan
Card' scheme in a ceremony held at the head office of district cooperative bank
at Pilibhit on Thursday.

The district manager of NABARD AK Rawat told TOI that NABARD would facilitate
the cooperative bank and the cooperative societies with 90% of the total cost of
plan in the form of a grant-in-aid. He said the estimated cost of the plan may
go up to the tune of Rs 1 crore.

Rawat said 76 cooperative societies which are functioning in the district for
providing loans to farmers as well as meeting their requirements of fertilizers,
seeds and other agricultural inputs would be equipped with micro computer
devices which are fitted with core banking solution software. NABARD provided 20
such devices to cooperative societies on the launching day of the plan and the
rest would soon be linked with computerized banking network.

He said the farmers would be provided with computerized receipts against their
banking transactions. Simultaneously, the transaction made by a farmer with the
cooperative society would immediately be reflected in the records of the bank's
branch office. Prior to this, all the work had to be done manually by he staff.

The district manager said the Rupay Kisan Card which would work as an ATM card
ensure timely liquidity of funds to farmers and they would be able to withdraw
cash from any ATM of any nationalized bank in India apart from the ATMs provided
by NABARD to district cooperative bank branches.

He told 10 ATM machines would be provided to the branches of district
cooperative bank within the district of which one ATM booth was inaugurated by
the chief general manager of NABARD on Thursday.

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: March 19, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2015 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              464 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                     The Journal Record (Oklahoma City, OK)

                           September 18, 2006 Monday

Choctaw Electric Cooperative in Hugo receives federal broadband grants

BYLINE: Journal Record Staff

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 83  words


Choctaw Electric Cooperative in Hugo has been awarded three broadband community
connect grants totaling $1.25 million from the U.S. Department of Agriculture
Rural Development. The grant money will be used to provide broadband service to
Haworth, Rattan and Smithville. Choctaw Electric Cooperative provides service to
15,000 customers in Choctaw, Pushmataha, McCurtain, Bryan, Leflore and Atoka
counties. Nix Medical Supply Inc. received a $531,750 USDA grant to provide
broadband service to Gans.

LOAD-DATE: November 2, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Government activity

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2006 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved


                              465 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                     Enterprise Record (Chico, California)

                           October 27, 2004 Wednesday

New network could help communities, businesses

BYLINE: LAURA URSENY Business Editor

SECTION: BUSINESS

LENGTH: 573 words


Chico hosted the kickoff of a statewide program that is expected to provide a
clearinghouse for local, state and federal assistance to communities,
organizations and businesses.

Paul Venosdel of the U.S. Department of Agricutlure's Davis office handed over a
one-time $49,000 federal check to two north state entities last week in order to
help launch the program.

Dan Ripke of Chico State Univerisity's Center for Economic Development and Betty
Riley of Auburn-based Sierra Economic Development District accepted the grant
that will launch Rural-CAN Rural California Action Network.

Focused only to help California's rural areas, the network's purpose is to stand
ready to provide assistance to communities, governments, private and nonprivate
corporations, federally recognized tribal groups, and cooperatives with members
who are primarily residents and that conduct activities for mutual benefit of
the members.

In order to do that, the program hopes to improve coordination and cooperation
between federal, state and local government entities and organizations.

"This is a brand-new idea," said Venosdel, state director of the U.S. Department
of Agriculture, which has a rural area assistance division.

"This is an effort to help build things, to put financial resources into local
efforts," said Venosdel, who mentioned infrastructure financing, expenditures
like police cars, general plan assistance and building construction.

There are a tremendous amount of government programs, but it's hard for users
like communities to know about them, Venosdel said.

Rural-CAN would supposedly provide the bridge between programs and users,
Venosdel said.

"The biggest hurdle to rural areas is to find out where funding programs are
available. The access may be there, but it's cumbersome," he explained.

Riley, who wrote the grant proposal, said that 75 percent of California's
counties are rural, yet assistance to them is available but hard to locate.

Rural-CAN is replacing the defunct California Rural Development Council, but
should be more in tune with rural needs, Ripke said.

Noting problems in the past, Rural-CAN is not intended to establish projects on
its own or become a bureaucracy.

"It will support and facilitate the needs of the members, in this case, the
existing development organizations and agencies already working in the rural
areas," said the proposal.

While the grant funding is one-time only, Venosdel said there are an assortment
of federal and state funding sources that can be tapped for projects.

The idea also is for development organizations and entities to share ideas and
successes throughout California's rural areas.

Venosdel said this and other funding is further proof of federal support for
rural areas.

"Here in California, the administration is seen an increase in total dollars,
from $240 million in 2001 to $400 million in fiscal 2004," he said.

Ripke said communities and individuals will access Rural-Can through Riley's
office.

BACKGROUND: There is not a single directory or information source that combines
local, state and federal resources designed for rural areas.

THE NEWS: A new stateside program launched in Chico and involving the Center for
Economic Development at Chico State University hopes to bridge that gap.

WHAT'S NEXT: The center and an Auburn-based economic development entities will
be starting to compile resources.

LOAD-DATE: November 17, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

            Copyright 2004 MediaNews Group, Inc. and ANG Newspapers


                              466 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           September 20, 2016 Tuesday

Washington: USDA Seeks Applications for Health Care Grants in the Delta Region

LENGTH: 664  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: United States Department of Agriculture has issued the following
news release:



 Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack today announced that the U.S. Department of
Agriculture (USDA) is seeking applications for grants to improve health care in
the Delta Region. Nearly $4.4 million in grant funding is available through the
Delta Health Care Services Grant Program.





 "The Delta Health Care Services Grant Program and other programs like it are
helping rural America to rebound," said Vilsack. "USDA's targeted grant programs
and development projects can help Delta towns access high-quality medical and
health care services, improving the quality of life for residents and enriching
the area's ability to support strong communities for generations to come."



 Groups eligible for grants include higher education institutions, health and
research institutes, economic development entities, health care cooperatives or
consortia of these entities. Recipients must serve residents of the Delta
Region, which includes 252 counties and parishes in Alabama, Arkansas, Illinois,
Kentucky, Louisiana, Mississippi, Missouri and Tennessee.



 USDA is encouraging applications for projects in census tracts with poverty
rates greater than or equal to 20 percent. Grants are awarded on a competitive
basis. The maximum award per grant is $1 million. USDA has provided more than
$17 million for 31 projects funded through the Delta Health Care Services Grant
Program since the start of the Obama Administration.



 Paper applications are due Nov. 14. Electronic copies are due Nov. 7. For more
information, see page 62854 of the Sept. 13, 2016, Federal Register. Please
contact your local Rural Development State Office to request the application
guide and materials.



 Sam Rikkers, administrator for USDA's Rural Business-Cooperative Service,
underscored the importance of the Delta Health Care Services Grant Program
during a Sept. 8 visit to Southeastern Louisiana University in Hammond. While
there, Rikkers awarded the school a $646,482 grant to enhance a health care
training project the University launched in 2013, also with USDA funding through
the Delta Health program.



 The University is expanding a program in which volunteers are trained as health
coaches and motivational aides as part of a care coordination strategy. The
program is designed to reduce hospital readmissions, improve patient health and
enhance the quality of the medical workforce. The University also will expand
its health coach internship program to include students from more health care
disciplines.



 Today's funding builds on USDA's historic investments in rural America over the
past seven years. Since 2009, USDA has worked to strengthen and support rural
communities and American agriculture, an industry that supports one in 11
American jobs, provides American consumers with more than 80 percent of the food
we consume, ensures that Americans spend less of their paychecks at the grocery
store than most people in other countries, and supports markets for homegrown
renewable energy and materials.



 Since 2009, USDA Rural Development (@USDARDThis is an external link or
third-party site outside of the United States Department of Agriculture (USDA)
website. ) has invested $13.5 billion for 5,739 water and waste infrastructure
projects, benefiting 19.1 million rural residents; invested nearly $13 billion
to start or expand nearly 112,000 rural businesses; helped 1.1 million rural
residents buy homes; funded nearly 9,200 community facilities such as schools,
public safety and health care facilities; and helped bring high-speed Internet
access to nearly 6 million rural residents and businesses. USDA also has
invested $31.3 billion in 963 electric projects that have financed more than
185,000 miles of transmission and distribution lines serving 4.6 million rural
residents.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:

 editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: September 20, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              467 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           September 20, 2016 Tuesday

Washington: USDA Seeks Applications for Health Care Grants in the Delta Region

LENGTH: 664  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: United States Department of Agriculture has issued the following
news release:



 Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack today announced that the U.S. Department of
Agriculture (USDA) is seeking applications for grants to improve health care in
the Delta Region. Nearly $4.4 million in grant funding is available through the
Delta Health Care Services Grant Program.





 "The Delta Health Care Services Grant Program and other programs like it are
helping rural America to rebound," said Vilsack. "USDA's targeted grant programs
and development projects can help Delta towns access high-quality medical and
health care services, improving the quality of life for residents and enriching
the area's ability to support strong communities for generations to come."



 Groups eligible for grants include higher education institutions, health and
research institutes, economic development entities, health care cooperatives or
consortia of these entities. Recipients must serve residents of the Delta
Region, which includes 252 counties and parishes in Alabama, Arkansas, Illinois,
Kentucky, Louisiana, Mississippi, Missouri and Tennessee.



 USDA is encouraging applications for projects in census tracts with poverty
rates greater than or equal to 20 percent. Grants are awarded on a competitive
basis. The maximum award per grant is $1 million. USDA has provided more than
$17 million for 31 projects funded through the Delta Health Care Services Grant
Program since the start of the Obama Administration.



 Paper applications are due Nov. 14. Electronic copies are due Nov. 7. For more
information, see page 62854 of the Sept. 13, 2016, Federal Register. Please
contact your local Rural Development State Office to request the application
guide and materials.



 Sam Rikkers, administrator for USDA's Rural Business-Cooperative Service,
underscored the importance of the Delta Health Care Services Grant Program
during a Sept. 8 visit to Southeastern Louisiana University in Hammond. While
there, Rikkers awarded the school a $646,482 grant to enhance a health care
training project the University launched in 2013, also with USDA funding through
the Delta Health program.



 The University is expanding a program in which volunteers are trained as health
coaches and motivational aides as part of a care coordination strategy. The
program is designed to reduce hospital readmissions, improve patient health and
enhance the quality of the medical workforce. The University also will expand
its health coach internship program to include students from more health care
disciplines.



 Today's funding builds on USDA's historic investments in rural America over the
past seven years. Since 2009, USDA has worked to strengthen and support rural
communities and American agriculture, an industry that supports one in 11
American jobs, provides American consumers with more than 80 percent of the food
we consume, ensures that Americans spend less of their paychecks at the grocery
store than most people in other countries, and supports markets for homegrown
renewable energy and materials.



 Since 2009, USDA Rural Development (@USDARDThis is an external link or
third-party site outside of the United States Department of Agriculture (USDA)
website. ) has invested $13.5 billion for 5,739 water and waste infrastructure
projects, benefiting 19.1 million rural residents; invested nearly $13 billion
to start or expand nearly 112,000 rural businesses; helped 1.1 million rural
residents buy homes; funded nearly 9,200 community facilities such as schools,
public safety and health care facilities; and helped bring high-speed Internet
access to nearly 6 million rural residents and businesses. USDA also has
invested $31.3 billion in 963 electric projects that have financed more than
185,000 miles of transmission and distribution lines serving 4.6 million rural
residents.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:

 editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: September 20, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              468 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                    The Daily Oklahoman (Oklahoma City, OK)

                            October 27, 2013 Sunday

Oklahoma companies receive broadband grants

BYLINE: FROM STAFF REPORTS

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. 2C

LENGTH: 343 words


A telecommunications provider based in southwest Oklahoma has been awarded more
than $4.2 million to provide broadband service to customers in its area.

Medicine Park Telephone received grants from the U.S. Department of Agriculture
this week for four broadband projects. Sister company Texoma Fiber LLC earned an
additional $1.8 million for two projects in north Texas.

â??Oklahoma applicants have been extremely successful in competing for USDA
broadband dollars in recent years,â? said Ryan McMullen, state director for USDA
Rural Development. â??Medicine Park Telephone is just one of several
cooperatives and small companies committed to expanding high-speed Internet into
every corner of our state.â?

The 110-year-old company provides telephone, cable and Internet services to
residents around Medicine Park, north of Fort Sill.

The area covered by one of the grants includes the highway that runs through the
Wichita Mountains National Wildlife Refuge, which has a visitor center and
employee housing.

The grants will allow Medicine Park Telephone to expand service to areas that
have limited access to high-speed Internet. The infrastructure deployment will
include a combination of advanced Fiber-to-the-Home and wireless broadband.

The Community Connect Program requires projects to deliver broadband with speeds
of at least five megabits per second (Mbps).

The Oklahoma projects will deliver speeds of at least 20 Mbps, with most
residential customers receiving 100 Mbps service and business customers
receiving 1 gigabyte service.

These projects will offer discounted service to eligible low-income subscribers
and will offer free Internet access for two years to community facilities such
as schools, fire and police stations.

â??For nearly 80 years, USDA has partnered with small towns, rural water
districts and cooperatives to help ensure that rural Oklahomans have access to
telephone, water, electricity,â? McMullen said. â??Today USDA has the same
commitment to help ensure that rural and small-town Oklahomans have access to
high-speed Internet.â?

LOAD-DATE: February 25, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2013 The Daily Oklahoman, All Rights Reserved


                              469 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                      Carlsbad Current-Argus (New Mexico)

                              June 29, 2009 Monday

Rural Development seminar set for Carlsbad

BYLINE: From the Current-Argus Submitted to the Current-Argus

SECTION: BUSINESS

LENGTH: 200 words


CARLSBAD -- USDA Rural Development has millions of dollars available for grants,
low interest loans, community facilities and other programs. Do you think your
business or organization might benefit? Want to get in on the action?

The Carlsbad Department of Development is hosting a free, three-hour seminar
featuring members from USDA-Rural Development July 8 in Carlsbad. There are
morning and afternoon sessions to make it easier for anyone who would like to
attend.

Session One will be held from 8:30-11:30 a.m.; Session Two will be 1-4 p.m. at
Holiday Inn Express, 2210 W Pierce St.

USDA-Rural Development will discuss

l Available financial assistance and business planning programs

l Business programs

l Water and wastewater programs

l Community facilities programs

l Housing programs

l An overview of available grants and loan programs

The information will be of interest to individuals, corporations, partnerships,
cooperatives, public bodies, nonprofit corporations, Indian tribes and private
companies.

The event is free, however registration is required due to limited seating.

To register by phone, call 887-6562; by e-mail, send a message, including your
telephone number, to jsafin@developcarlsbad.org

LOAD-DATE: July 1, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


       Copyright 2009 Carlsbad Current-Argus, a MediaNews Group Newspaper
                              All Rights Reserved


                              470 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                         Deming Headlight (New Mexico)

                           September 25, 2015 Friday
                                   1 Edition

NMSU to educate Mexico Ag. students

BYLINE: By, Adriana M. Chavez

SECTION: A; Pg. 2

LENGTH: 886 words


LAS CRUCES - New Mexico State University's Cooperative Extension Service has
partnered with the University of Arizona to help several Mexican universities
increase their capacity to develop and deliver extension programs in rural
communities throughout Mexico.

Members of the NMSU team, along with the rectors and representatives of 19
Mexican universities, traveled to Washington, D.C., in early August to meet with
representatives from the U.S. Department of Agriculture and congressional staff.
Since then, the NMSU team has made site and training visits to the University of
Chihuahua, University of Guanajuato and four University of Guadalajara campuses.

The program, called Project REINU, or Red De Extensión e Innovación Nacional
Universitaria, has been in the works for about a year and has spread rapidly
throughout Mexico.

"The basic concept of REINU has been a 15-year conversation between Mexico and
the U.S., championed by Dr. David Hansen (of NMSU)," said Paul Gutierrez, a
professor and extension specialist in the NMSU College of Agricultural, Consumer
and Environmental Sciences' Department of Agricultural Economics and
Agricultural Business. "Dr. Hansen's vision was for a Mexican extension model
sustainable beyond the next government, and one that makes a real and
substantive impact on rural poverty in Mexico. Dr. Hansen believed, as many of
us do, that a university-led extension model is the key to a sustainable Mexico
extension model - REINU. Dr. Hansen also recognized that positive rural
development in Mexico, led by university-based extension programs, could be the
most effective immigration policy for Mexico and the U.S."

Mexico's secretary for agriculture, livestock, rural development, fisheries and
nutrition, or SAGARPA (Secretaría de Agricultura, Ganadería, Desarrollo Rural,
Pesca y Alimentación), is also supporting Project REINU and is funding the
initiative.

"We have been sharing best practices of the land-grant model with our Mexican
university colleagues in an intentional effort to help them institutionalize
REINU Extension work on their campuses and in their rural communities,"
Gutierrez said. "We originally started with six universities and ended up with
19 universities with seven hub universities."

Both NMSU and the University of Arizona are land-grant universities.

Recently, Project REINU has expanded to a total of 52 universities, Gutierrez
said. The rapid expansion leaves room for more U.S.-based universities to get
involved, provided the Mexican government continues its commitment to the
project. Officials from the University of Arizona have said the goal is to
include 80 universities in Project REINU by 2018.

"REINU is an example of a bridge in binational education and extensions," said
Cristina Morán Mirabal, the project's coordinator at the University of
Guadalajara. "It's a long and difficult to cross bridge, but is a really
necessary bridge for all the rural communities in Mexico. This is the reason why
all the universities that are participating along with the government have as a
flag the commitment to serve and improve the opportunities of all these rural
communities."

So far, teams from NMSU and the University of Arizona have visited Mexico
several times to learn about youth and agricultural programs there, and
representatives from universities of Mexico have visited NMSU and the University
of Arizona to attend training sessions and learn more about extension.

Mexican Deputy Secretary of Rural Development Juan Manuel Verdugo Rosas said his
country's partnership with NMSU and the University of Arizona will help with
strategies, tools and technologies that will improve the quality of life in
rural communities. As a result of the partnership, the public and private
Mexican universities have helped 57 rural communities in 14 states in Mexico and
have directly benefitted 10,000 producers, Verdugo Rosas said.

Verdugo Rosas also pointed out  57 coordinators, 166 researchers and teachers
and more than 600 university students in Mexico have participated in Project
REINU.

Gutierrez said the project's initial focus is on youth development, with the
hope that it will eventually gain the trust and interest of parents in rural
communities. In April, representatives from the University of Chihuahua visited
the NMSU campus to learn about research, instruction and extension. They visited
NMSU's Experiment Stations and observed crop and livestock research, learned how
the NMSU County Extension office operates and the programs it offers, and spent
time observing and interacting with 4-H youth faculty, members and volunteer
leaders  to gain an understanding of the 4-H program.

Eduardo Medina, the small farm and ranch outreach coordinator for NMSU's
Cooperative Extension Service Economics and Economic Development, said Project
REINU will take advantage of Mexico's culture of volunteerism, which comes from
Mexico's requirement that every college student obtain 480 hours of community
service by their last semester in school. Medina said he hopes freshmen students
will  train others when they become seniors.

The project will also eventually include student participation on the U.S. side.

For more information about Project REINU, contact Gutierrez at
pgutierr@ad.nmsu.edu, Medina at emw@nmsu.edu or Luz Urquijo at urquijo@nmsu.edu

LOAD-DATE: December 2, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: dnm


                        Copyright 2015 Deming Headlight
                              All Rights Reserved


                              471 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          The Tampa Tribune (Florida)

                            August 28, 2010 Saturday
                                 FINAL EDITION

Community has big ambitions

BYLINE: LAURA KINSLER, lkinsler@tampatrib.com

SECTION: PASCO; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 542 words


Lacoochee is applying for federal grants to improve housing and public spaces.

By LAURA KINSLER

lkinsler@tampatrib.com

LACOOCHEE - Pasco County is applying for a $1.7 million grant for the first of
what county officials hope will be many federally funded projects aimed at
improving living conditions in this poverty-stricken area.

The first grant would go to pay the bulk of costs for a new 10,000-square-foot
community center and gymnasium at Stanley Park that would house a local Boys &
Girls Club and have meeting space for various uses. George Romagnoli, the
county's community development director, said Pasco officials hope the U.S.
Department of Agriculture's rural development office will pick up most of the
cost for the $2 million project.

"The Boys & Girls Club has already raised $300,000 for the center," Romagnoli
said.

The USDA was heavily represented a month ago when the county and officials from
Withlacoochee River Electric Cooperative organized a bus tour of Lacoochee and
Trilby in the hopes of luring more state and federal dollars to the area. U.S.
Sen. Bill Nelson, who toured the area Monday, has promised the full influence of
his office to "cut through the red tape."

County officials on Friday submitted a pre-application to the USDA for the
community center. Once the county's full-time grant writer is on board,
Washington can expect many more applications for road and utility improvements
and for an industrial park at the site of the old Cummer Mill, which closed in
1964. The full-time grant writer position will be funded in October.

Romagnoli said the county expects to redirect $1 million of surplus money from
the massive paving project in Tommytown for Lacoochee. "We'll be finished with
the Tommytown project in September," he said. "We're still waiting on HUD to
tell us the process for reprogramming the money."

The county also is using Department of Housing and Urban Development and
neighborhood stabilization grant money to address the need for better housing in
the area. Most of the area's residents live in substandard housing, and more
than 40 percent of the homes are worth less than $20,000.

Romagnoli said the county will earmark $1 million to rehabilitate homes and
build new ones and is partnering with east and central Pasco Habitat for
Humanity to build two subdivisions in the Trilby-Lacoochee area.

Reporter Laura Kinsler can be reached at (813) 259-8109.

Photo credit: Staff photo by ANDY JONES

Photo: Sen. Bill Nelson, who toured Lacoochee on Monday, has promised to help
"cut through the red tape" to apply for grants. Pasco County is hoping the U.S.
Department of Agriculture's rural development office will award money for a
center to house a Boys & Girls Club. The club has raised $300,000 toward the
effort.

Photo credit: Staff photos by DAVE KRAUT

Photo: Much of the housing in Lacoochee is considered substandard. Pasco County
is using Department of Housing and Urban Development and neighborhood
stabilization grant money to address the need for better housing in the area.

Photo: Most of the first grant would be used to pay for a new community center
that would house a Boys & Girls Club.

Copyright © 2010, The Tampa Tribune and may not be republished without
permission. E-mail library@tampatrib.com

LOAD-DATE: September 17, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


           Copyright 2010 The Tribune Co. Publishes The Tampa Tribune


                              472 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          Sunday Observer (Sri Lanka)

                              July 29, 2012 Sunday

Mega development drive in NCP

LENGTH: 867 words

DATELINE: Sri Lanka


Sri Lanka, July 29 -- Massive development projects were implemented in the
Anuradhapura district when the Dayata Kirula program was held there last year.

The North Central Province NCP consists of Anuradhapura and Polonnaruwa
districts.

Projects worth over Rs.15 billion on road development, housing, rural
development and cooperatives were completed in 2011-2012, said former NCP
Minister of Cooperatives, Food and Trade, Rural Development Industries and
Housing H.B. Semasingha.

Semasingha who has represented national level and provincial level politics held
Tourism and Cooperatives Cabinet portfolios in the Central Government up to
2004.

At the Provincial Council elections in 2004 and 2008, he was appointed
Cooperatives, Food and Trade Industries and Housing Minister.

Sunday Observer interviewed former NCP Minister about his plans for the
province.

Q: You have served NCP as a senior Minister for more than eight years. What kind
of progress were you able to achieve in the province.

A: I was assigned Food and Trade Cooperatives, Road Development, Rural
Development, Textile and Industries which were so close to the daily life of the
people. I strongly believe that the successful implementation of development
projects with transparency and in time have a major impact on the lives of the
community.

President Mahinda Rajapaksa after the eradication of terrorism, said that the
people in Anuradhapura who stood against LTTE terror should be rewarded with
development projects.

Among development priorities, the foremost is road development. Among such
projects are the road from Ranpathvila to Nikatunaweva, Rotaweva to Trincomalee
junction, Tammannawa to Ihalagama, Kudanelubave to Pavakkulama, Janahitha
junction to Vijayapura, Kalattawa to Mihintala junction, Pulleare junction to
Jaffna junction.

A developed road network is an essential part of the community life. A
successful transport service cannot be maintained without developed road
network. Rs.873 million was spent to upgrade the present road network alone.

Q: Sri Lanka is one of the countries in the SAARC region which provides
electricity for majority of the rural people.

Over 95 percent of the villagers have obtained electricity. What is the progress
achieved in rural electrification in NCP?

A: Most of the electrification schemes had been completed specially in the
Anuradhapura East electorate.

Over Rs.72 million was spent for this purpose. The CEB will supply the
electricity to the consumers before the end of December this year.

Q: Inhabitants in remote villages need shelter. It also comes under you. What
action have you taken to look after them?

A: A responsibility of the government is to provide food, shelter and clothing
to the villagers who form the majority of the population.

We follow our seniors such as former Speaker and Senior Minister K.B. Ratnayaka
in uplifting the living standard of Rajarata peasentry.

We listen to their grievances and work for them. Tiles were distributed to over
3,000 families on a directive from President Mahinda Rajapaksa. Former Speaker
K.B. Ratnayaka launched The Thuruvila Water Supplying Project to provide
drinking water to the Rajarata villagers. Over 70 percent of the Thuruvila
project was completed and the balance will be completed soon on a directive from
the President Rajapaksa. Sanitary facilities were provided to the schools in the
province costing Rs.4 million.

Q: You took the initiative to set up the Polgolla - National Cooperative
College. During your tenure as Cooperative Minister in the Central Government
many progressive changes were made in the Cooperative sector in Sri Lanka. What
progress you made in the NCP Cooperative sector.

A: NCP Cooperative Movement had a new lease of life during the past years. The
Cooperative Movement is essential to uplift the livelihoods of the poverty
stricken people.

NCP has 28 Multi purpose Cooperative Societies. An annual grant of over 65
million to the Cooperative Development activities was made. UK, USA, Germany,
The Netherlands and even India the Cooperative Movement plays a vital role in
the development sphere.

The NCP Cooperative Movement took a significant turn during the past few years.

A number of liquid milk producing, yoghurt and milk based centres, spices
processing and packaging outlets, Cooperative hospitals and fuel stations were
set up in NCP during the past few years.

Q: What are your future plans to develop the NCP?

A: I have not acquired new lands or put up new mansions. But I "earned" people.
I have never accepted any commissions during the last 40 years of my political
career.

A number of development projects were implemented within a short period due to
the support and advice of President Rajapaksa.

The government gives priority to development. Some politicians do not work on
time. They do not fully utilize funds and return the balance back to treasury
after the lapse of the financial year. The funds allocated to finance
development projects disbursed and properly accounted for. Published by HT
Syndication with permission from Sunday Observer (Sri Lanka). For any query with
respect to this article or any other content requirement, please contact Editor
at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: August 1, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


            Copyright 2012 The Associated Newspapers of Ceylon Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              473 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       Daily Gazette (Sterling, Illinois)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             July 9, 2011 Saturday

Value-Added Producer Grants available

BYLINE: Daily Gazette, Sterling, Ill.

SECTION: BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL NEWS

LENGTH: 310 words


July 09--CHAMPAIGN -- Applications are being accepted for U.S. Department of
Agriculture Rural Development program grants.

The grants provide financial assistance to independent producers, farmer and
rancher cooperatives, majority-controlled producer-based business ventures and
agricultural producer groups through the Value-Added Producer Grant Program.

Last year, Willow Bend Alpaca Farms LLC, near Forreston, was one of the six
Illinois Value-Added Producer Grant recipients.

The farm is using its grant for working capital to create and market a clothing
line made from alpaca fiber.

The business currently raises, breeds and sells alpaca. The grant has helped
them to create a winter line of clothing made primarily from alpaca fiber
produced on the farm and to distribute it through retail outlets in northern
Illinois.

Value-added products are created when a producer increases the consumer value of
an agricultural commodity in the production or processing stage. Rural
Development provides value-added planning grants of up to $100,000 for
activities, such as creating business plans, feasibility studies and marketing
plans. Working capital grants up to $300,000 are available for expenses such as
labor, inventory, office equipment and fees for marketing and consulting.
Recipients must match the grants dollar for dollar.

The application deadline is Aug. 29. Visit www.rurdev.usda.gov/BCP_VAPG_Grants.
html or call Matt Harris at 217-403-6211 for more information about eligibility
rules and application procedures.

To see more of The Daily Gazette or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.saukvalley.com/. Copyright (c) 2011, Daily Gazette, Sterling, Ill.
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For more information
about the content services offered by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services
(MCT), visit www.mctinfoservices.com.

LOAD-DATE: July 10, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20110709-YG-Value-Added-Producer-Grants-available-0709-20110709

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: YG


                          Copyright 2011 Daily Gazette


                              474 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                    Hutchinson Herald (Menno, South Dakota)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                  May 25, 2011

Lawmakers file request for opinion on cuts to extension

BYLINE: Hutchinson Herald staff

LENGTH: 505  words


Distict. 19 Rep. Frank Kloucek, (D), Scotland, Rep. Peggy Gibson, (D), Huron and
Sen. Jason Frerichs, (D), Wilmot, filed a request with South Dakota Attorney
General Marty Jackley to give an attorney general's opinion on state compliance
with federal law regarding the defunding of the cooperative extension service.

"The actions by members of the governor's office, majority party legislative
leadership and SDSU administration with approval of the Board of Regents, has
the potential to place SDSU in danger of losing its Land Grant University status
and may be in direct violation of the 1862 Morrill Land Grant Act and the 1914
Smith Lever Act. There is no doubt these actions will lead to inadequate
extension services and will be a striking contrast to the traditional services
offered for almost a century," said Kloucek.

"I oppose cutting the Cooperative Extension Service because of the educational
and research services that are provided to South Dakota's number one industry,
agriculture. The cuts will be detrimental to South Dakota's future," said
Gibson.

"We need to be respectful of the true intent of historical legislation that
guarantees agriculture education in rural communities," said Frerichs.

"The value of retaining quality 4-H programming, cooperative extension service
presence in all counties, Experiment Farm Research and Development, SDSU Soils
Testing Lab and SDSU Station Biochemistry must be retained. To go to regional
extension centers may save money short term but depletes and dilutes the mission
and value of extension research and 4-H to our rural communities. In the big
picture these regional centers have the potential to be more costly to operate
and less effective in delivering information. I hope the attorney general will
deliver a positive proactive opinion to help keep our Land Grant University and
Extension Service in place as a valued infrastructure for the good of all South
Dakotans," said Kloucek.

"The extension service provides vital information to South Dakota's farmers and
cutting funding to programs that make the industry stronger is crippling.
Unemployment and cuts to research and education is not the way to grow our
economy," said Gibson.

"The extension service has a reputation for creating opportunities in our
state's rural communities; regionalizing only encourages good people to move
away from rural areas," said Frerichs.

Kloucek is a third generation farmer from Scotland, 11-term legislator and SDSU
graduate with general agriculture and animal science majors. He has deep roots
in family farm agriculture. Over the years he has helped ensure passage of state
legislation that resulted in federal law.

Gibson is a former high school teacher and adjunct college professor.

Frerichs is an South Dakota State University graduate in agriculture education,
instructor at Watertown Vocational Education Center, former State FFA Vice
President and farmer from Wilmot.

For more information contact Kloucek at 605-583-4468, Gibson at 605-352-9862 or
Frerichs at 605-949-2204.

LOAD-DATE: April 8, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Guest Opinion

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: HUT

                      Copyright 2011 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                        Copyright 2011 Hutchinson Herald


                              475 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                              Daily Trust (Abuja)

                          November 16, 2011 Wednesday

Mimiko Disburses N83 Million to LGs

BYLINE: Adewale Giwa

LENGTH: 304 words

DATELINE: Akure


Ondo State Governor Olusegun Mimiko yesterday disbursed N83.1 million as grant
-in-aid for the implementation of 17 self-help projects in three local
government areas of the state.

The local government areas are, Owo, Ifedore and Odigbo. Speaking while
distributing the cheques to the beneficiaries, Mimiko said the gesture was part
of his 12 point agenda for the people of the state.

According to him, the grant-in-aid is a financial assistance from the state
government to assist various communities embarking on self-help projects with a
view to accelerating development and improving the socio-economic condition of
the people.

Mimiko added that his administration would provide 80 per cent of the funds
required to complete each of the self-help projects, adding that the remaining
20 per cent would be provided by the benefiting communities as a sign of their
commitment to the projects.

"The grant-in-aid is expected to engender healthy competitions among communities
and motivate them to execute viable projects through communal efforts to take
ownership of all developmental projects in their communities. It was for this
purpose that the present administration established the Ministry of Community
Development and Cooperative Services with the mandate to transform our rural
communities through a bottom-up approach to development", he said.

Earlier, the state's Commissioner for Community Development and Cooperative
Service, Mr Clement Faboyede said the N83.1 million disbursed as grant-in-aid is
part of the N500 million the government earmarked for self-help programmes.

"While I consider it gratifying to inform you that this disbursement is going to
be a continuous exercise to other deserving communities, I want to enjoin you to
complement government's efforts by embarking on viable self-help projects," he
said. a

LOAD-DATE: November 16, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2011 AllAfrica Global Media.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              476 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            February 22, 2016 Monday

FORM 8-K: NATIONAL RURAL UTILITIES COOPERATIVE FINANCE CORP FILES Current Report

LENGTH: 311 words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Washington: NATIONAL RURAL UTILITIES COOPERATIVE FINANCE CORP, has filed FORM
8-K (Current Report) with Securities and Exchange Commission on February 19,
2016





     Item 5.02



     Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors;
Appointment of Certain Officers; Compensatory Arrangement of Certain Officers.









 Election of Board President

 On February 15, 2016, the Board of Directors of the National Rural Utilities
Cooperative Finance Corporation (the "Company") elected R. Grant Clawson, age
67, as President. Mr. Clawson will serve as President until the organizational
meeting of the Board of Directors held following the next succeeding annual
meeting of the members, or until a successor has been duly elected and
qualified. Mr. Clawson has been a trustee of Continental Divide Electric
Cooperative in Grants, New Mexico since 1989, and has served as a director and
member of the contract committee of the Tri-State Generation and Transmission
Cooperative for the past four years.

















       Item 8.01



       Other Events.






 Seating of Directors

 On February 15, 2016, the individuals identified below (the "New Directors")
were seated as directors on the Board of Directors of the Company. In accordance
with the Company's By-Laws, each New Director will serve as a director for an
initial term of three (3) years, or until a successor is elected and qualified.


 Debra L. Robinson is General Manager of Wood County Electric Cooperative, Inc.
in Quitman, Texas.

 Alan W. Wattles is President and Chief Executive Officer of Monroe County
Electric Co-Operative, Inc. in Waterloo, Illinois.

 In case of any query regarding this article or other content please contact:
editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: February 22, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              477 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            February 22, 2016 Monday

FORM 8-K: NATIONAL RURAL UTILITIES COOPERATIVE FINANCE CORP FILES Current Report

LENGTH: 311 words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Washington: NATIONAL RURAL UTILITIES COOPERATIVE FINANCE CORP, has filed FORM
8-K (Current Report) with Securities and Exchange Commission on February 19,
2016





     Item 5.02



     Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors;
Appointment of Certain Officers; Compensatory Arrangement of Certain Officers.









 Election of Board President

 On February 15, 2016, the Board of Directors of the National Rural Utilities
Cooperative Finance Corporation (the "Company") elected R. Grant Clawson, age
67, as President. Mr. Clawson will serve as President until the organizational
meeting of the Board of Directors held following the next succeeding annual
meeting of the members, or until a successor has been duly elected and
qualified. Mr. Clawson has been a trustee of Continental Divide Electric
Cooperative in Grants, New Mexico since 1989, and has served as a director and
member of the contract committee of the Tri-State Generation and Transmission
Cooperative for the past four years.

















       Item 8.01



       Other Events.






 Seating of Directors

 On February 15, 2016, the individuals identified below (the "New Directors")
were seated as directors on the Board of Directors of the Company. In accordance
with the Company's By-Laws, each New Director will serve as a director for an
initial term of three (3) years, or until a successor is elected and qualified.


 Debra L. Robinson is General Manager of Wood County Electric Cooperative, Inc.
in Quitman, Texas.

 Alan W. Wattles is President and Chief Executive Officer of Monroe County
Electric Co-Operative, Inc. in Waterloo, Illinois.

 In case of any query regarding this article or other content please contact:
editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: February 22, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              478 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            February 22, 2016 Monday

FORM 8-K: NATIONAL RURAL UTILITIES COOPERATIVE FINANCE CORP FILES Current Report

LENGTH: 311 words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Washington: NATIONAL RURAL UTILITIES COOPERATIVE FINANCE CORP, has filed FORM
8-K (Current Report) with Securities and Exchange Commission on February 19,
2016





     Item 5.02



     Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors;
Appointment of Certain Officers; Compensatory Arrangement of Certain Officers.









 Election of Board President

 On February 15, 2016, the Board of Directors of the National Rural Utilities
Cooperative Finance Corporation (the "Company") elected R. Grant Clawson, age
67, as President. Mr. Clawson will serve as President until the organizational
meeting of the Board of Directors held following the next succeeding annual
meeting of the members, or until a successor has been duly elected and
qualified. Mr. Clawson has been a trustee of Continental Divide Electric
Cooperative in Grants, New Mexico since 1989, and has served as a director and
member of the contract committee of the Tri-State Generation and Transmission
Cooperative for the past four years.

















       Item 8.01



       Other Events.






 Seating of Directors

 On February 15, 2016, the individuals identified below (the "New Directors")
were seated as directors on the Board of Directors of the Company. In accordance
with the Company's By-Laws, each New Director will serve as a director for an
initial term of three (3) years, or until a successor is elected and qualified.


 Debra L. Robinson is General Manager of Wood County Electric Cooperative, Inc.
in Quitman, Texas.

 Alan W. Wattles is President and Chief Executive Officer of Monroe County
Electric Co-Operative, Inc. in Waterloo, Illinois.

 In case of any query regarding this article or other content please contact:
editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: February 28, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              479 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                           Manila Times (Philippines)

                           November 5, 2008 Wednesday

Rural electric cooperatives buck corporatization

BYLINE: By Euan Paulo C. A¤onuevo

LENGTH: 417 words


A GROUP of rural electric cooperatives is blocking a move in Congress to convert
them into stock-issuing entities, warning such a shift would raise tariffs
across the board.

In a letter addressed to the Bicameral Conference Committee, the Philippine
Rural Electric Cooperative Association Inc. (Philreca) sought reconsideration of
proposed amendments to Republic Act 6938, or the Cooperative Code of the
Philippines, including a measure seeking to transform them into "stock"
cooperatives.

Under the proposed legislation, an electric co-op with assets of P200 million
and membership averaging 50,000 may be converted into a stock cooperative in a
general assembly attended by 100 members.

The group said this proposal would raise average rates in rural areas by an
estimated P0.35 a kilowatt-hour because of adjustments in cooperatives' rate
structure which is presently revenue neutral.

"If converted as stock cooperatives, the rate structure will have to provide for
return on investments of 8 percent to 12 percent," Philreca said.

Philreca is composed of 120 electric co-ops, which service the requirements of
more than eight million households mostly in rural areas. Under Presidential
Decree 269, electric co-ops are non-profit thus should just be earning enough to
recover costs incurred in their operations.

State-run National Electrification Administration (NEA) supervises these co-ops,
which in turn implement the government's rural electrification program, through
financial, institutional and technical services. NEA extends financial
assistance to these co-ops averaging P1.2 billion.

The proposed legislation seeks to strip NEA's authority to monitor the
management of its loans and the efficiency of co-ops even as the measure allows
the agency to grant more loans.

The bill would require co-ops to register with the proposed Cooperative
Development Authority. Failing to do so after three years, a coop would be
prohibited from using the word "cooperative."

Philreca said that these proposed amendments would deprive member co-ops as well
as consumers the right to form associations and a "strong" supervisory agency
with the necessary expertise and track record to monitor their operations.

The group said the proposed amendments are not only inimical to the interests of
consumers, but will contribute to the demise of co-ops.

"We believe that these will ultimately pave the way for the take-over of all
[electric co-ops] by certain sectors with vested interests," Philreca said.

LOAD-DATE: January 16, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

                       Copyright 2008 News Bites Pty Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved

                               Global News Bites


                              480 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                     The Capital Times (Madison, Wisconsin)

                             July 15, 2008 Tuesday
                                11:33 AM EDITION

SWITCHGRASS AS FUEL TOUTED FOR ENERGY, COST BENEFITS

BYLINE: By ANITA WEIER The Capital Times

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. WEB

LENGTH: 708 words


Switchgrass grown on marginal farm acreage could be an efficient renewable fuel
source while also protecting wildlife habitat and water quality, according to
"Growing Wisconsin Energy," a study by Agrecol Corp.

Switchgrass is a perennial grass native to Wisconsin.

The study produced by the Madison-based seed company with a grant from the state
Department of Agriculture found that converting native grasses into renewable
fuel could be a profitable enterprise for farmers and a relatively inexpensive
fuel source for businesses and schools.

Businesses in the study reduced fuel costs an average of 42 percent by switching
from traditional fuel sources to pellets made from switchgrass, the study found.

Agrecol, a seed company that specializes in native prairie grasses and produces
biomass pellets for heat, is also developing a pellet stove for residential and
commercial heating. Its study focused on the feasibility of developing a native
grass pellet bioheat industry in Wisconsin.

Renewable "biomass" includes corn stalks, straw and other agriculture crop
residue as well as wood chips and wood residue.

"Grass-based biomass can reduce carbon dioxide and global warming pollution,
promote farmer grown energy crops, expand local rural economies and reduce
reliance on fossil fuels," the study said.

Building biorefineries to pelletize switchgrass into bioheat could have
significant economic impacts for Wisconsin the Midwest, the study said.
Developing a bioheat market could enable Wisconsin farmers and cooperatives to
build, test and refine a switchgrass feedstock supply chain.

"Wisconsin has a strong agricultural cooperative infrastructure that is uniquely
suited to carry on the role of aggregating biomass," the study said.

Agricultural co-ops have ongoing relationships with farmers and have the
equipment, staff and expertise for planting, harvesting, pelleting and storing
biomass, the study said.

Premier Cooperative in Mt. Horeb recently received a state grant to pilot a
biomass aggregation project, and Landmark Cooperative in southeastern Wisconsin
sees a market in providing biomass pellets to their more than 10,000 propane
customers.

The report studied the feasibility of heating three businesses and a rural
school with switchgrass pellets. They were Agrecol's Evansville facility, the
Oakhill Correctional Institution in Oregon, America's Best Greenhouse in Cottage
Grove and Pecatonica Elementary School in Hollandale.

Biomass pellets are being successfully used to replace more expensive natural
gas and fuel oil in Europe and Canada, the study said.

"Switchgrass, even when grown on marginal sub-prime land in Wisconsin, produces
more than nine times the energy per acre of land than does the leading biofuels
technology of corn (grain) ethanol," the study said.

That is because switchgrass efficiently captures solar energy, the entire plant
is used for fuel processing, bioconversion retains all the energy captured in
the field and the conversion process is more energy efficient than that of
producing corn ethanol, according to the Agrecol study.

The study was authored by consultants Pamela Porter, owners of P Squared Group;
Jonathan Barry, a farmer and businessman who is development director for
Operation Fresh Start; Roger Samson, executive director of Resource Efficient
Agricultural Production Canada and Mark Doudlah, president and general manager
of Agrecol.

Brett Hulsey, president of Better Environmental Solutions, an energy and
environment consulting firm, was not involved with the study but agrees heartily
about the potential of switchgrass.

A study he did last year titled "Cellulose Prairie" found that Wisconsin has
about 3 million tons of switchgrass, which, combined with other biomass, could
displace 15 millions tons of coal, over half of Wisconsin's current coal use, if
it were used for electric power.

Increasing biofuel and biopower projects could reduce the drain in money and
jobs that Wisconsin experiences by importing oil and gas, Hulsey said.

He added that the University of Wisconsin-Madison is considering the use of
biomass such as switchgrass at its Charter Street Plant and that Alliant Energy
hopes to use biomass and coal at its proposed hybrid power plant in Cassville.

aweier@madison.com

LOAD-DATE: July 16, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: File photo Switchgrass could be an efficient renewable fuel source
while also protecting wildlife habitat and water quality.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2008 Madison Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              481 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                              The Herald (Harare)

                                 April 30, 2013

Govt's SMEs Policy Hailed

LENGTH: 316 words


Small and medium business owners in Gokwe have hailed President Mugabe for
promoting the spirit of self-reliance among the majority of Zimbabweans.

Speaking during the handover of US$10 000 by UNDP to Tatenda Progressive Savings
and Credit Co-operative yesterday, group chairperson Mr Tobias Takaruza said

Government's policy on small enterprises had opened opportunities for them.

"When we received training on how to improve our lives and the lives of other
people by forming these savings and credit co-operatives, we realised why our
President was always calling for people to be self-reliant," he said.

The grant is part of a three-year project to support peace building and increase
access to sustainable livelihoods being conducted by different Government organs
with assistance from the UNDP.

In a speech read on her behalf by her permanent secretary, Mrs Evelyn Ndlovu,
Small and Medium Enterprises and Co-operative Development Minister Sithembiso
Nyoni said the ministry had already opened six business centres that offer
business advisory services, train and dissemminate business information to
enterpreneurs.

"The ministry is spearheading formation of savings and credit co-operative
societies among rural women and youth groups to facilitate business loans," she
said.

Minister Nyoni said the grant would be used for income generating projects so as
to enable beneficiaries to pay back the money and grow the fund.

UNDP country director Ms Verity Nyagah hailed Zimbabwe's acknowledgement of the
important role co-operatives play in social integration, job creation and
poverty reduction.

"Livelihood initiatives such as savings and credit co-operative societies can go
a long way in facilitating increased access to capital finance by women and
youth in rural areas.

"The initiatives also create opportunities for women and youth to emerge from
poverty and enjoy self-reliant lives," she said.

LOAD-DATE: April 30, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2013 AllAfrica Global Media.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              482 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                             The Telegraph (India)

                            January 17, 2016 Sunday

Nabard targets tea growers

BYLINE: Abhranila Das

LENGTH: 373  words


Calcutta, Jan. 17: The National Bank for Agriculture and Rural Development
(Nabard) has met the stakeholders of the state's tea industry to inform them
about the schemes that the bank can offer to producers, especially small
growers.

"As Nabard is a non-profit organisation and works for the upliftment of rural
economy and status of rural people, the meeting was basically to inform about
the schemes available with the bank, which can help the tea industry," a senior
official of the bank said.

"This is the first time that Nabard has come forward to help small tea growers
and this will benefit us greatly," Bijoy Gopal Chakraborty, president of the
Confederation of Indian Small Tea Grower's Association, told The Telegraph.

Several schemes were mentioned by the bank, including the producers organisation
development fund (PODF).

The bank had taken an initiative to help producer organisations to meet their
needs. The PODF had been set up on April 1, 2011 with an initial corpus of Rs 50
crore.

Any producer organisation, industrial co-operative societies and other
registered federations set up by producers are eligible for the scheme. Credit
is provided in the form of grant, loans, or a combination of both.

Another scheme is the umbrella programme for national resource management. This
offers customised financial assistance comprising loan and grant to producer
organisations or companies based on financial product contours (different
tenures, interest rates, loan-grant ratios), use of innovative technologies or
processes (cluster development, landscape approach) and needs of specific
agro-climatic zones.

These loan-based financial products may be in the form of investment credit
(term loan) for funding core natural resource management activities and
short-term credit for supplementary activities.

The national infrastructure development assistance is also available for the
industry. It is designed to fund state-owned institutions or corporations to
build rural infrastructure. The assistance is available on flexible interest
terms with longer repayment period of up to 15 years.#

Nabard has also been accredited by the "green climate fund (GCF)" as an
implementing entity for undertaking projects related to climate change.

LOAD-DATE: January 17, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


        Copyright 2016 The Telegraph (India), distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              483 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                         The Herald-Sun (Durham, N.C.)

                              May 18, 2014 Sunday

Cooperative extension programs began assisting communities in 1914

BYLINE: Delphine Sellars Durham Cooperative Extension

SECTION: LOCAL NEWS; F; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 773  words


Across the country, cooperative extension programs are celebrating 100 years of
service. In 1914, state university researchers were beginning to discover better
ways of raising crops and safely preserving food for the home - information that
was useful to rural citizens.

In North Carolina, C.R. Hudson was sent by Seaman A. Knapp to set up farm
demonstration work in North Carolina, while I.O. Schaub started corn clubs for
boys, followed by tomato clubs for girls, led by Jane S. McKimmon. Parents began
asking for educational programs of their own. Thus began the three major
programs Cooperative Extension delivers:

* 4-H youth development

* Family and consumer sciences

* Agriculture, natural resources and community and rural development

A century ago, the goal was simple, but ambitious: to extend the knowledge of
our nation's universities to the people so that they might lead better lives.
Today, N.C. Cooperative Extension has centers in the state's 100 counties and
the Qualla Boundary of the Eastern Band of the Cherokee

see service/pagE 2

Indians, supported by experts at the state's land-grant universities, N.C. State
and N.C. A&T.

Cooperative Extension and North Carolina have changed a lot over the years.
However, extension's educational mission of focusing on helping businesses,
communities and individuals gain knowledge and skills that allow them to thrive,
has not.

As the needs of people have shifted, so have extension's programs. We strive for
a holistic approach, one that involves the many audiences who have a stake in
the issue(s). These people include farmers, agribusiness professionals,
consumers, gardeners, community leaders, school teachers and students, 4-H'ers
and whole families. In other words, people of all ages, in communities from the
mountains to the coast.

Durham County Cooperative Extension continues to provide the traditional
programs and services that marked the beginning of extension's existence.
However, Durham Extension has adopted an urban approach and developed programs
specifically designed to address the needs of our urban community while
incorporating our rural heritage. Durham's major nontraditional programming
includes:

- Welcome Baby: Child development education and support to parents/guardians of
young children birth to age 5.

- Kids Voting: Civic involvement education that helps young people understand
and believe in the power they have as active well informed citizens and future
voters.

- Project BUILD: A gang prevention and intervention program serving at-risk
youth ages 12-21.

- Strengthening Family Coalition: Advocacy training that involves parents,
volunteers and organizations working together to assist parents who want to
better navigate our public schools to help their children achieve.

- Community capacity building: Assisting nonprofits and grassroots organizations
in all aspects of organizational development and group facilitation.

- Coordinated Transportation Program: Assures accessibility to transportation
for citizens that meet the eligibility requirements of ADA, low income, elderly
or disabled and/or need transportation for employment, medical appointments,
shopping and social/entertainment venues.

Extension provides practical education you can trust, to help people, businesses
and communities solve problems, develop skills and build a better future.

In recognition of NC Cooperative Extension's 100th year of service, N.C. State
University College of Agriculture and Life Sciences invites the public to join
them for the N.C. Cooperative Extension Centennial Celebration on Monday
starting at 6 pm at the N.C. State Fairgrounds Exposition Center in Raleigh.

Durham Cooperative Extension invites you to our local celebration on May 31 from
9:30 a.m. to noon at the Briggs Avenue Community Garden, 1598 S. Briggs Avenue.
In addition to a brief presentation by local dignitaries, we will recognize the
previous three County Extension directors - Cheryl Lloyd Lemay, Mary Jacobs and
Carl Hodges, the first African-American extension director in North Carolina;
experience our livestock and dairy heritage by actually milking a robotic cow;
learn from our on-site food preservation demonstration; and plant a vegetable
plant in our garden for the future nourishment of others. Each person will leave
with a complimentary herb plant to grow for the enhancement of his or her
nutritional intake.

For more information about the services of Durham County Cooperative Extension
and/or its Centennial Celebration contact Delphine Sellars, county extension
director at 919-560-0525 or dsellars@dconc.gov

Then: Early 4H Corn Club

Now: Durham County 4H Computer Boot Camp

LOAD-DATE: May 27, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2014 The Durham Herald Co.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              484 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                             The Financial Express

                             April 9, 2013 Tuesday

Nabard disburses over R10,000-cr loans in AP

BYLINE: feBureau

LENGTH: 327  words

DATELINE: Hyderabad


National Bank for Agriculture and Rural Development (Nabard), Andhra Pradesh,
has crossed R10,000-crore mark in loan disbursals. The loans given to the state
government and banks in Andhra Pradesh by Nabard registered a growth of 39% and
stood at R12,867 crore.

"This is the highest ever disbursal done by Nabard as part of providing
financial support and developmental grants to stakeholders in Andhra Pradesh,''
said KR Nair, the chief general manager of Nabard-AP. In fact, Andhra Pradesh is
the largest contributor to the overall disbursements from Nabard. Of the total
loan disbursements of R12,867 crore, R7,986 crore related to crop loans was
given to the farmers in the state.

From a total loan of R1,06,083 crore given by Nabard across the country, Andhra
Pradesh could get R12,880 crore which is about 12% of the total share. In the
current financial year, Nabard has set a credit flow target of R1.06 lakh crore
in Andhra Pradesh, of which loans to the state government and banks would amount
to about R16,000 crore.

Nair said the bank has given term-loan refinance to the tune of R2,879 crore, of
which most of the amount was given to self-help groups (SHGs). Further, the
state government was able to utilise R1,421 crore of Rural Infrastructure
Development Fund (RIDF) from Nabard for creation of rural infrastructure for
improving connectivity, storage, warehousing, marketing yards and support to
educational institutions. This is the second highest utilisation of
cost-effective central usage in the country, Nair added.

Some of the new range of products from Nabard include Nabard warehousing scheme
which sanctioned R105.69 crore, R200 crore to Nabard Infrastructure Development
Assistance; R49.81 crore for graduating 148 primary agricultural cooperatives
(PACs) to multi-service cooperatives; short-term multi purpose credit product to
cooperative banks to the tune of R495 crore and R12.51 crore towards producers'
organisation development fund.

LOAD-DATE: April 8, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


        Copyright 2013 The Financial Express, distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              485 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       The Financial Express (Bangladesh)

                              July 12, 2015 Sunday

'One home one farm project' progressing in Nilphamari

LENGTH: 239 words

DATELINE: Nilphamari


Nilphamari, July 12 -- 'One Home One Farm Project' of Rural Development and
Co-operative Division of the Ministry of Local Government, Rural Development and
Co-operative is making huge contribution in eradicating poverty in Nilphamari
district.

While contacted project officer of Nilphamari sadar upazila Moksedul Hoque said,
there are 32,400 members in 540 samitees (Associations) of the district and each
samitee consists of 60 members.

He also mentioned that excluding the aforesaid 540 samitees there are 12 other
extra samitees exclusively in Kishorgonj Upazila for the rehabilitation project
of 997 beggars in that upazila.

The office sources said each and every samitee member is provided with loan of
an amount of minimum Tk 5000 to Tk 20,000 on 8 per cent interest rate to repay
within a year. The families are also imparted training and motivation to run
small business and rear goats, cows and so on. A samitee member needs to save Tk
200 per month in his saving account and the government provide subsidy
equivalent to the amount saved by the respective member.

The total savings of the members of the project and equivalent amount of
government subsidy constitute a revolving fund meant for the project.

abumusa88@gmail.com

Published by HT Syndication with permission from The Financial Express. For any
query with respect to this article or any other content requirement, please
contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: July 12, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2015 The Financial Express
                              All Rights Reserved


                              486 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           November 3, 2016 Thursday

USDA Invests Over $300 Million to Help Hundreds of Small Businesses Improve
Energy Efficiency, Adopt Renewable Energy Systems

LENGTH: 1033  words

DATELINE: New York



 Terrebonne: Electric Energy Quebec has issued the following release news:

  Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack on October 25th announced that the U.S.
Department of Agriculture (USDA) is investing more than $300 million to help
hundreds of small businesses across the country save money on their energy costs
by adopting renewable sources or implementing more efficient energy options.
Vilsack made the announcement at Lady Bird Johnson Wildflower Center in Austin,
Texas, today (10/25) during a meeting with several local business owners who
will make use of these loans and grants.





 "Cutting our energy waste is one of the fastest, easiest and cheapest ways to
help families save money on their energy bills while reducing harmful carbon
pollution. Over the course of nearly eight years, the Obama Administration has
taken strong actions to advance energy efficiency in our homes and businesses,"
Vilsack said. "Through efficiency upgrades and private-sector partnerships,
America has been able to cut its carbon emissions, create jobs and save families
hundreds of dollars at the pump and on their utility bills every year. The Rural
Energy for America Program alone has helped roughly 15,000 rural small
businesses, farmers and ranchers improve their bottom lines by installing
renewable energy systems and energy efficiency solutions. When businesses lower
their energy costs, they are also able to expand their services and contribute
to stronger local economies."



 Nationwide, USDA is investing $237 million to support 423 businesses through
the Rural Energy for America Program (REAP). Recipients will use the loans and
grants to install renewable energy systems such as biomass, geothermal,
hydropower and solar. The funds also may be used to make energy efficiency
improvements to their heating, ventilation and cooling systems; insulation; or
lighting and refrigeration units.



 USDA is investing nearly $80 million for energy projects in Texas, building on
the $100 billion commitment USDA has made in the Lone Star State over the course
of the Obama Administration. USDA's initiatives support the state's farmers and
ranchers, ensure the availability of affordable housing, create jobs and promote
economic opportunity for those who live, work and raise their families in rural
areas.



 Nine Texas businesses will receive more than $870,000 in REAP grants, and two
businesses will receive loans of $5 million each. In Austin, the Vickery
Wholesale Greenhouse Inc. is receiving a $28,238 REAP grant to install a 40.32
kW roof-mounted solar array. The electricity produced from this new installation
will offset the company's annual energy consumption with an expected output of
198 million BTUs.



 Vilsack also announced that Pedernales Electric Cooperative of Johnson City,
Texas, received an Energy Efficiency and Conservation Loan Program (EECLP) loan
of more than $68 million to fund system-wide energy efficiency improvements to
assist a rural portion of the co-op's service territory. Pedernales' energy
efficiency program will offer members low-interest loans of up to $20,000 for
solar photovoltaic and energy storage equipment. Members will make loan payments
through on-bill financing. The EECLP was created in November 2013 and has issued
nearly $127 million in loans to cooperatives in Arkansas, North Carolina and
Vermont.



 Pedernales received its first Rural Electrification Administration loan on
Sept. 27, 1938, with the help of then Congressman Lyndon B. Johnson. USDA's
Rural Utilities Service, which administers EECLP, succeeded the Rural
Electrification Administration in 1994.



 Other examples of REAP projects receiving awards include Inter-State Hardwoods
in Bartow, W.Va., which is getting a $237,331 grant to replace four wood-fired
boiler systems. This is expected to decrease energy consumption by 39 percent -
876,000 kWh - per year. Inter-State is a sawmill and wood processor specializing
in hardwoods. Minnesota's Chippewa Valley Ethanol Cooperative, LLP is receiving
a $250,000 grant to make energy efficiency improvements to an evaporator at an
ethanol refinery.



 From 2009 to date, REAP has helped finance more than 11,600 renewable energy
and energy efficiency projects that have reduced energy costs for roughly 15,000
rural businesses. Among them is GrandyOats, an organic foods company located in
a former elementary school in Hiram, Maine. In 2015, it received a $20,000 REAP
grant to install a renewable energy system. In doing so, the company has made
history, becoming Maine's first 100 percent solar-powered, net-zero food
production facility. Its 228-panel, solar photovoltaic system generates 96,000
kWh of electricity annually. The company's focus on renewable energy encompasses
all parts of the production process, from cooking to heating and more.



 USDA has provided more than $380 million in grants and almost $688 million in
loan guarantees to agricultural producers and rural small business owners since
the start of the Obama Administration. When operational, these projects will
generate or save almost 9 million megawatt hours - enough to power more than
750,000 homes and reduce greenhouse gas emissions by more than 5 million metric
tons in carbon dioxide each year. That is the equivalent of removing 1.5 million
cars from our roads.



 Since 2009, USDA Rural Development (@USDARD) has invested nearly $13 billion to
start or expand nearly 112,000 rural businesses; helped 1.1 million rural
residents buy homes; funded nearly 9,200 community facilities such as schools,
public safety and health care facilities; and helped bring high-speed Internet
access to nearly 6 million rural residents and businesses. USDA also has
invested $31.3 billion in 963 electric projects that have financed more than
185,000 miles of transmission and distribution lines serving 4.6 million rural
residents. For more information, visit www.usda.gov/results.



 To read more about USDA's investments in renewable energy, visit USDA's entry
on Medium.com , Powering America with a More Sustainable Energy Future.





 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: November 4, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              487 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             April 5, 2016 Tuesday

Washington: Hoeven Outlines Work to Support Electric Cooperatives, Advance
Comprehensive Energy Plan

LENGTH: 838  words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Washington: Office of the Senator John Hoeven has issued the following news
release:



 Senator John Hoeven, who serves on the Senate Energy and Appropriations
committees, spoke today at Minnkota Power Cooperative's annual meeting. The
senator outlined his work to prevent burdensome federal regulations, offer
strong support to rural communities and advocate for rural electric utilities.
The senator also thanked Minnkota Power and the entire Rural Electric
Cooperative family for all they do to help rural America thrive.





 "Minnkota provides efficient, reliable power for North Dakota's communities,
which is important for our families, businesses and overall economy," Hoeven
said. "I have been working hard at the federal level to prevent burdensome
regulations like the EPA's costly power plant rules and Waters of the U.S.
regulation, which would drive up costs for consumers and hurt jobs. North
Dakota's electric cooperatives do a great job powering our homes and businesses,
and we'll continue to support the good work they do to keep rural America
strong."



 Hoeven legislative accomplishments include:



 Preventing EPA's Costly Power Plant Rules



     In November, Hoeven cosponsored and the Senate passed two joint resolutions
of disapproval under the Congressional Review Act to repeal the EPA's costly
power plan rules for existing plants and new coal generating plants, which
President Obama subsequently vetoed.

     Hoeven organized a meeting with the EPA, state officials and industry
leaders to press the EPA to provide the state and industry more time to push
back on the new rule. The EPA agreed to work with the state and provide more
time to address its concerns. The senator continues working to repeal the rule.

     Hoeven is working with a bipartisan group of senators to push for passage
of the Affordable Reliable Energy Now Act, which prevents the EPA's effort to
circumvent Congress and impose new rules on power plants that will drive up
costs for consumers and kill good jobs.



 Stopping EPA's Waters of the U.S. Regulation (WOTUS)



     Hoeven included a provision in the Senate Interior-EPA Appropriations bill
for Fiscal Year 2016 to prevent funding to implement the EPA's Waters of the
U.S. rule.

         Hoeven continues to fight to stop the WOTUS regulation from being
implemented through the appropriations process. Additionally, Hoeven is a
cosponsor of the Federal Water Quality Protection Act, separate legislation that
would rescind the proposed Waters of the U.S. rule and require the EPA to start
the process over with more input from stakeholders.



 Supporting the Rural Utilities Service (RUS)



     In 2015, Congress passed Hoeven's Water Heater Efficiency legislation
enabling rural electric power cooperatives and their members to continue using
large, energy-efficient water heaters in "demand response" conservation
programs. The DOE had planned to phase them out by April 2015. Hoeven's bill
saves consumers money, optimizes rural electric coops' energy management and
benefits the environment.

     Hoeven is working to pass the Coal Ash Recycling and Oversight Act, which
provides strong state oversight for storage and management of coal residuals,
while enabling industry to safely recycle it into useful, less-expensive
construction materials.

     As a member of the Senate Appropriations Committee, Hoeven worked to
support RUS programs, including RUS Electric Loans, which electric cooperatives
use to finance electricity generation and distribution, as well as the RUS Rural
Cooperative Development Grant Program, which provides competitive grants to
improve rural economies by helping entities start or expand rural cooperatives.

     Hoeven is continuing to work on appropriations to support companies like
Minnkota though the research and development of Carbon Capture and Storage. He
pressed for support in the FY 2017 Energy and Water Appropriations process for
new competitive awards for large-scale demonstration projects that incorporate
"post combustion system" technology, which captures CO2 and stores that CO2 deep
in the earth or utilizes it for beneficial uses like enhanced oil recovery.

     The senator is working to support the EERC in Grand Forks to advance
post-combustion CO2 capture technology specifically for ND lignite and similar
kinds of coal, which will assist Minnkota to bring this technology to
commercialization.

     Hoeven is also working through the appropriations process to support the
U.S. Energy Department's ongoing fossil energy research and development,
including the Advanced Coal Energy Systems, Unconventional Fossil Energy, and
Natural Gas Technologies programs.



 Minnkota Power Cooperative, Inc. is a regional generation and transmission
cooperative that serves 11 member-owned distribution cooperatives. It has some
of the most competitive electrical rates in the nation and has a service area of
34,500 square miles.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: April 5, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              488 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             April 2, 2016 Saturday

Washington: Hoeven Outlines Work to Support Electric Cooperatives, Advance
Comprehensive Energy Plan

LENGTH: 838  words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Washington: Office of the Senator John Hoeven has issued the following news
release:



 Senator John Hoeven, who serves on the Senate Energy and Appropriations
committees, spoke today at Minnkota Power Cooperative's annual meeting. The
senator outlined his work to prevent burdensome federal regulations, offer
strong support to rural communities and advocate for rural electric utilities.
The senator also thanked Minnkota Power and the entire Rural Electric
Cooperative family for all they do to help rural America thrive.





 "Minnkota provides efficient, reliable power for North Dakota's communities,
which is important for our families, businesses and overall economy," Hoeven
said. "I have been working hard at the federal level to prevent burdensome
regulations like the EPA's costly power plant rules and Waters of the U.S.
regulation, which would drive up costs for consumers and hurt jobs. North
Dakota's electric cooperatives do a great job powering our homes and businesses,
and we'll continue to support the good work they do to keep rural America
strong."



 Hoeven legislative accomplishments include:



 Preventing EPA's Costly Power Plant Rules



     In November, Hoeven cosponsored and the Senate passed two joint resolutions
of disapproval under the Congressional Review Act to repeal the EPA's costly
power plan rules for existing plants and new coal generating plants, which
President Obama subsequently vetoed.

     Hoeven organized a meeting with the EPA, state officials and industry
leaders to press the EPA to provide the state and industry more time to push
back on the new rule. The EPA agreed to work with the state and provide more
time to address its concerns. The senator continues working to repeal the rule.

     Hoeven is working with a bipartisan group of senators to push for passage
of the Affordable Reliable Energy Now Act, which prevents the EPA's effort to
circumvent Congress and impose new rules on power plants that will drive up
costs for consumers and kill good jobs.



 Stopping EPA's Waters of the U.S. Regulation (WOTUS)



     Hoeven included a provision in the Senate Interior-EPA Appropriations bill
for Fiscal Year 2016 to prevent funding to implement the EPA's Waters of the
U.S. rule.

         Hoeven continues to fight to stop the WOTUS regulation from being
implemented through the appropriations process. Additionally, Hoeven is a
cosponsor of the Federal Water Quality Protection Act, separate legislation that
would rescind the proposed Waters of the U.S. rule and require the EPA to start
the process over with more input from stakeholders.



 Supporting the Rural Utilities Service (RUS)



     In 2015, Congress passed Hoeven's Water Heater Efficiency legislation
enabling rural electric power cooperatives and their members to continue using
large, energy-efficient water heaters in "demand response" conservation
programs. The DOE had planned to phase them out by April 2015. Hoeven's bill
saves consumers money, optimizes rural electric coops' energy management and
benefits the environment.

     Hoeven is working to pass the Coal Ash Recycling and Oversight Act, which
provides strong state oversight for storage and management of coal residuals,
while enabling industry to safely recycle it into useful, less-expensive
construction materials.

     As a member of the Senate Appropriations Committee, Hoeven worked to
support RUS programs, including RUS Electric Loans, which electric cooperatives
use to finance electricity generation and distribution, as well as the RUS Rural
Cooperative Development Grant Program, which provides competitive grants to
improve rural economies by helping entities start or expand rural cooperatives.

     Hoeven is continuing to work on appropriations to support companies like
Minnkota though the research and development of Carbon Capture and Storage. He
pressed for support in the FY 2017 Energy and Water Appropriations process for
new competitive awards for large-scale demonstration projects that incorporate
"post combustion system" technology, which captures CO2 and stores that CO2 deep
in the earth or utilizes it for beneficial uses like enhanced oil recovery.

     The senator is working to support the EERC in Grand Forks to advance
post-combustion CO2 capture technology specifically for ND lignite and similar
kinds of coal, which will assist Minnkota to bring this technology to
commercialization.

     Hoeven is also working through the appropriations process to support the
U.S. Energy Department's ongoing fossil energy research and development,
including the Advanced Coal Energy Systems, Unconventional Fossil Energy, and
Natural Gas Technologies programs.



 Minnkota Power Cooperative, Inc. is a regional generation and transmission
cooperative that serves 11 member-owned distribution cooperatives. It has some
of the most competitive electrical rates in the nation and has a service area of
34,500 square miles.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: April 2, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              489 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                              April 1, 2016 Friday

Washington: Hoeven Outlines Work to Support Electric Cooperatives, Advance
Comprehensive Energy Plan

LENGTH: 838  words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Washington: Office of the Senator John Hoeven has issued the following news
release:



 Senator John Hoeven, who serves on the Senate Energy and Appropriations
committees, spoke today at Minnkota Power Cooperative's annual meeting. The
senator outlined his work to prevent burdensome federal regulations, offer
strong support to rural communities and advocate for rural electric utilities.
The senator also thanked Minnkota Power and the entire Rural Electric
Cooperative family for all they do to help rural America thrive.





 "Minnkota provides efficient, reliable power for North Dakota's communities,
which is important for our families, businesses and overall economy," Hoeven
said. "I have been working hard at the federal level to prevent burdensome
regulations like the EPA's costly power plant rules and Waters of the U.S.
regulation, which would drive up costs for consumers and hurt jobs. North
Dakota's electric cooperatives do a great job powering our homes and businesses,
and we'll continue to support the good work they do to keep rural America
strong."



 Hoeven legislative accomplishments include:



 Preventing EPA's Costly Power Plant Rules



     In November, Hoeven cosponsored and the Senate passed two joint resolutions
of disapproval under the Congressional Review Act to repeal the EPA's costly
power plan rules for existing plants and new coal generating plants, which
President Obama subsequently vetoed.

     Hoeven organized a meeting with the EPA, state officials and industry
leaders to press the EPA to provide the state and industry more time to push
back on the new rule. The EPA agreed to work with the state and provide more
time to address its concerns. The senator continues working to repeal the rule.

     Hoeven is working with a bipartisan group of senators to push for passage
of the Affordable Reliable Energy Now Act, which prevents the EPA's effort to
circumvent Congress and impose new rules on power plants that will drive up
costs for consumers and kill good jobs.



 Stopping EPA's Waters of the U.S. Regulation (WOTUS)



     Hoeven included a provision in the Senate Interior-EPA Appropriations bill
for Fiscal Year 2016 to prevent funding to implement the EPA's Waters of the
U.S. rule.

         Hoeven continues to fight to stop the WOTUS regulation from being
implemented through the appropriations process. Additionally, Hoeven is a
cosponsor of the Federal Water Quality Protection Act, separate legislation that
would rescind the proposed Waters of the U.S. rule and require the EPA to start
the process over with more input from stakeholders.



 Supporting the Rural Utilities Service (RUS)



     In 2015, Congress passed Hoeven's Water Heater Efficiency legislation
enabling rural electric power cooperatives and their members to continue using
large, energy-efficient water heaters in "demand response" conservation
programs. The DOE had planned to phase them out by April 2015. Hoeven's bill
saves consumers money, optimizes rural electric coops' energy management and
benefits the environment.

     Hoeven is working to pass the Coal Ash Recycling and Oversight Act, which
provides strong state oversight for storage and management of coal residuals,
while enabling industry to safely recycle it into useful, less-expensive
construction materials.

     As a member of the Senate Appropriations Committee, Hoeven worked to
support RUS programs, including RUS Electric Loans, which electric cooperatives
use to finance electricity generation and distribution, as well as the RUS Rural
Cooperative Development Grant Program, which provides competitive grants to
improve rural economies by helping entities start or expand rural cooperatives.

     Hoeven is continuing to work on appropriations to support companies like
Minnkota though the research and development of Carbon Capture and Storage. He
pressed for support in the FY 2017 Energy and Water Appropriations process for
new competitive awards for large-scale demonstration projects that incorporate
"post combustion system" technology, which captures CO2 and stores that CO2 deep
in the earth or utilizes it for beneficial uses like enhanced oil recovery.

     The senator is working to support the EERC in Grand Forks to advance
post-combustion CO2 capture technology specifically for ND lignite and similar
kinds of coal, which will assist Minnkota to bring this technology to
commercialization.

     Hoeven is also working through the appropriations process to support the
U.S. Energy Department's ongoing fossil energy research and development,
including the Advanced Coal Energy Systems, Unconventional Fossil Energy, and
Natural Gas Technologies programs.



 Minnkota Power Cooperative, Inc. is a regional generation and transmission
cooperative that serves 11 member-owned distribution cooperatives. It has some
of the most competitive electrical rates in the nation and has a service area of
34,500 square miles.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: April 1, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              490 of 998 DOCUMENTS

              Copyright 2017 GlobalData Ltd., All Rights Reserved
                              GlobalData - Events

                                January 11, 2017

                       Clarke Electric Cooperative, Inc.

                                1103 North Main
                                 Osceola 50213
                                 United States

* * * * * * * * * * EVENTS * * * * * * * * * *


Clarke Electric Installs New SCADA And AMI Systems

   Aug 13, 2013

   Member owned electric utility Clarke Electric Cooperative, Inc. has installed
a new supervisory control & data acquisition (SCADA) system and automated
metering infrastructure (AMI) system for its members, Osceola-Sentinel Tribune
reported.The new SCADA system, a control-system software, will assist the
cooperative workers in controlling things remotely. In addition, the system's
self-healing feature help the cooperative at the time of loses transmission to a
substation by restoring power through circuit switching.Clarke Electric manager
of engineering Brad Wilson said, "The SCADA provides our utility with near
real-time information, and it also provides us with remote control with our
distribution and substation." Through a power line communication, the new AMI
system can send the feedback of received information requests within seconds. It
will find the issue of voltage fluctuation on the meter and also show
electricity billing information. Clarke Electric manager of member services
Jason Gibbs said, "We can check the voltage to the meter right away, and if it's
too low, that would be causing the lights to dim and we know we would have a
problem and need to go out and fix it."


OSI To Supply SCADA System To CEC

   Dec 20, 2012

   Open Systems International, Inc. (OSI) has been awarded a contract by the
Clarke Electric Cooperative (CEC) of Iowa to supply a SCADA master system as
part of its participation in the cooperative research network's Smart Grid
Demonstration Project (SGDP), supported by the U.S. Department of Energy.CEC's
new OSI system is set to include the advanced functionality of OSI's
next-generation,.NET based graphical user interface (GUI)remote console
GUIadvanced alarm management systemreal-time and historical
trendingcommunications front-end processor using DNP serial and IPhistorical
information system and data archivingand calculation & scripting subsystem
software products, with monarch interfaces to MultiSpeak and ODBC.


USDA Announces $107.5m Funding To Improve Efficiency Of Rural Electric
Generation And Transmission Systems In Eight States

   Oct 19, 2012

   The U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA) announced the $107.5m funding, in
loan guarantees, to modernize and improve the efficiency of rural electric
generation and transmission systems. The funding also includes nearly $3m for
smart grid projects. The loan guarantees are provided by USDA Rural
Development's Rural Utilities Service. USDA also funds energy conservation and
renewable energy projects.Tom Vilsack, agriculture secretary at USDA, said, USDA
and the Obama Administration continue to fund electric projects to improve
system reliability and efficiency for rural businesses and residential
consumers. A strong American economy is contingent upon a strong rural economy.
Infrastructure investments like these will promote job growth.The following is a
list of rural utilities that will receive USDA funding, which is contingent upon
the recipient meeting the terms of the loan agreement. Arizona Electric Power
Cooperative, Inc. will receive $34,028,000 that will be used to finance
generation system improvements for the Apache Station. The loan includes
$2,052,000 in environmental improvements. Satilla Rural Electric Membership
Corporation will receive $13,000,000 that will be used to serve 4,517 customers,
build and improve almost 400 miles of distribution line, and make other system
improvements in Georgia. Clarke Electric Cooperative, Inc. will receive
$4,200,000 that will be used to serve over 100 customers, build seven miles of
distribution line, and make other system improvements in Iowa. The loan includes
$684,476 for storm damage restoration. Kaw Valley Electric Cooperative, Inc.
will receive $8,860,000 that will be used to serve over 400 customers, build and
improve about 100 miles of distribution line, and make other system improvements
in Kansas. Central Power Electric Cooperative, Inc. will receive $5,024,000 that
will be used to build a new headquarters facility in North Dakota. McLean
Electric Cooperative, Inc. will receive $9,500,000 that will be used to serve
563 customers, build and improve over 100 miles of distribution line, and make
other system improvements. The loan includes $169,600 in smart grid
projects.Northern Plains Electric Cooperative will receive $25,214,000 that will
be used to serve over 500 customers, build and improve 320 miles of distribution
line, and make other system improvements. The loan includes $2,422,000 in smart
grid projects. Jump River Electric Cooperative, Inc. will receive $7,700,000
that will be used to serve 462 customers, build and improve 64 miles of
distribution line, and make other system improvements in Wisconsin. The loan
includes $314,658 in smart grid projects.


Electric Co-ops Launch Nationwide Smart Grid Demonstration Project

   Aug 03, 2010

   With the final approval of a $33.9 million matching grant to the National
Rural Electric Cooperative Association from the Department of Energy, 19
electric cooperatives now embark on a unique, nationwide demonstration project
deploying more than 153,000 smart grid components across the country to test the
value of the new technologies for cooperative consumer members.Authorized by the
American Recovery and Reinvestment Act, the smart grid research grants, together
with the $3.4 billion in smart grid investment grants, are part of a federal
initiative to identify and develop new and more effective smart grid
technologies.Glenn English, CEO of NRECA, said: Cooperatives lead the industry
in the deployment of smart meter infrastructure and can help drive the effort to
modernize the nation's electrical system using new technologies. Our
cooperatives will be evaluating how and whether these technologies can assist
them in their mission to provide safe, reliable and affordable electric power to
their member-consumers, English said. Electric distribution cooperatives, which
range in size from a few hundred to more than 200,000 meters, will evaluate
potential benefits of new technologies that could help increase operational
efficiencies and improve service. On the other side of the meter, co-ops will
also test new programs that help consumers manage electric bills. According to
the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission (FERC), cooperatives' advanced metering
penetration increased from 3.8% in 2006 to 16.4% in 2008 â[#x20ac]" well above
the industry as a whole. According to research conducted by NRECA, approximately
half of cooperatives have installed at least some advanced metering
infrastructure (AMI) on their systems, and some 30% of cooperatives have begun
to integrate their AMI with other systems on their grid. The cooperatives'
demonstration project represents the first opportunity to conduct a nationwide
pilot extending and testing end-to-end connectivity â[#x20ac]" from the power
plant to the consumer's home â[#x20ac]" and interoperability using MultiSpeak, a
specification developed by NRECA through the MultiSpeak Initiative. This project
will extend the MultiSpeak specification to new functions and applications and
include cybersecurity in the testing process. Cyber security consultants SAIC
and Cigital will work with the cooperatives to explore security issues
surrounding enhanced interoperability and connectivity. Participating
cooperatives: Adams Electric CooperativeAdams-Columbia Electric
CooperativeClarke Electric Cooperative, Inc.Consumers EnergyCorn Belt Power
CooperativeCalhoun County Electric Cooperative AssociationHumboldt County Rural
Electric CooperativeIowa Lakes Electric CooperativePrairie Energy
CooperativeDelaware County Electric Co-opFlint EMCKaua'i Island Utility
CooperativeMenard Electric CooperativeNew Hampshire Electric CooperativeOwen
Electric Cooperative, Inc.Salt River Electric CooperativeSnapping Shoals
EMCUnited REMCWashington-St. Tammany Electric Cooperative
* * * * * * * * * * OTHER AVAILABLE REPORTS * * * * * * * * * *
Company Overview                        Events
Key Operational Employees               Key Employees
Key Facts                               Major Products and Services
Top Competitors

 * * * * * * * * * * NOTE * * * * * * * * * *

   GlobalData uses a range of research techniques to gather and verify its
information and analysis. These include primary research, in-house knowledge and
expertise, proprietary databases, and secondary sources such as company
websites, annual reports, SEC filings and press releases. Disclaimer: No part of
this publication may be reproduced, stored in a retrieval system or transmitted
in any form by any means, electronic, mechanical, photocopying, recording or
otherwise, without the prior permission of the publisher, GlobalData. The facts
of this report are believed to be correct at the time of publication but cannot
be guaranteed. Please note that the findings, conclusions and recommendations
that GlobalData delivers will be based on information gathered in good faith
from both primary and secondary sources, whose accuracy we are not always in a
position to guarantee. As such GlobalData can accept no liability whatever for
actions taken based on any information that may subsequently prove to be
incorrect.

LOAD-DATE: January 11, 2017


                              491 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             April 5, 2016 Tuesday

Washington: THIS WEEK IN CONGRESS - April 1, 2016

LENGTH: 1161 words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Washington: Office of the MP Gregorio Kilili Camacho Sablan has issued the
following news release:



 College is free today for over 90 percent of students at Northern Marianas
College thanks to the Student Aid and Fiscal Responsibility Act passed by the
Democratic majority in Congress and signed into law by President Obama six years
ago this week. I was one of the 22 original co-sponsors of this landmark
legislation that increased the amount of the Pell Grant for lower income
students - this year's maximum is $5,775 - and also made more students eligible.

The year before I came to Congress 569 NMC students qualified. Today, as a
result of SAFRA, 1,026 NMC students get the Pell Grant, which covers their full
cost of tuition. We paid for all of this by ending subsidies that banks and
other financial institutions were getting to administer the student loan
program. SAFRA also created the five-year College Access Challenge Grant program
that provided $7.5 million to NMC from 2010 to 2014, and extended funding for
the discretionary Asian American and Native American Pacific Islander-Serving
Institutions program. NMC has won a five-year AANAPISI grant and gets about
$260,000 annually from now until 2020. There is a lot to celebrate on this sixth
anniversary of SAFRA, but we must never stop working to make high quality,
affordable education available to everyone in the Northern Mariana Islands. So
that NMI students may have access to higher education wherever they reside, I am
also an original cosponsor of the America's College Promise Actwhich would waive
tuition and fees at all community colleges throughout the country for all
eligible students.





 Protecting Marianas interests in Puerto Rico legislation.



 Draft legislation released this week by House Natural Resources Committee
Chairman Rob Bishop (R-Utah) addresses the fiscal crisis in Puerto Rico. That
Commonwealth has borrowed more than $70 billion, which it cannot pay; and
without federal intervention Puerto Rico will have to cut policing, education,
retirement, health care and other essential services. It is a difficult
situation and as Vice Ranking Member of the Natural Resources Committee, I have
a responsibility to monitor it closely. I also have to watch closely whenever
policy is enacted for one non-state area, such as Puerto Rico, to be sure it
does not inadvertently hurt our islands. For instance, in December there was a
proposal to extend part of the federal bankruptcy laws to Puerto Rico, and the
other non-state areas, too. I consulted with Governor Torres. We agreed this
change in bankruptcy law was not in the interest of our islands. And I was able
to work with Chairman Bishop so that extending bankruptcy is not part of the
current draft bill. I continue to work with the Chairman to make sure that
whatever final form legislation for Puerto Rico takes, it does not hurt the
Northern Marianas or affect our rights of self-government. Legislation is
expected to be introduced on April 12, followed by a hearing and mark-up.





 Opportunities - Federal grants, jobs for and in the Marianas:



 Grants:



     COPS Anti-Methamphetamine Program - The COPS Anti-Methamphetamine Program
is a competitive grant program that advances public safety by providing funds
directly to state law enforcement agencies to investigate illicit activities
related to the manufacture and distribution of methamphetamine. Closing date
isJune 1, 2016. For more information, go to
http://www.cops.usdoj.gov/Default.asp?Item=2716.

     Community Policing Development - The Community Policing Development Program
is a competitive grant program designed to advance the practice of community
policing in law enforcement agencies through training and technical assistance,
the development of innovative community policing strategies, applied research,
guidebooks, and best practices that are national in scope. Closing date is June
1, 2016. For more information, go
tohttp://www.cops.usdoj.gov/Default.asp?Item=2450.

     COPS Anti-Heroin Task Force - The Anti-Heroin Task Force Program is a
competitive grant program that assists state law enforcement agencies in states
with high per capita levels of primary treatment admissions for both heroin and
other opioids. AHTF funds shall be used for investigative purposes to locate or
investigate illicit activities related to the distribution of heroin or unlawful
distribution of prescription opioids. Closing date is June 1, 2016. For more
information, go to http://www.cops.usdoj.gov/Default.asp?Item=2776.

     Prescription Drug Overdose: Data-Driven Prevention Initiative - The purpose
of this funding is to advance and evaluate state-level prevention for opioid
overuse, misuse, abuse, and overdose. Closing date is May 27, 2016. For more
information, go to http://www.grants.gov/web/grants/
view-opportunity.html?oppId=282529.

     Joint Adult Drug Court Solicitation to Enhance Services, Coordination, and
Treatment - BJA and SAMHSA are accepting applications to enhance the court
services, coordination, and evidence-based substance abuse treatment and
recovery support services of adult drug courts. The purpose of this joint
initiative is to allow applicants to submit a comprehensive strategy for
enhancing drug court services and capacity. Closing date is May 31, 2016. For
more information, go to http://www.grants.gov/web/grants/
view-opportunity.html?oppId=282660.

     Rural Cooperative Development Grant - The primary objective of the RCDG
program is to improve the economic condition of rural areas by assisting
individuals or entities in the startup, expansion or operational improvement of
rural cooperatives and other business entities. Grants are awarded competitively
on an annual basis to Rural Cooperative Development Centers who in turn provide
technical assistance to individuals and entities. Closing date is July 20, 2016.
For more information, go to http://www.grants.gov/web/grants/
view-opportunity.html?oppId=282595.

     Low or No Emission Program - The main purpose of the Low-No Program is to
support the transition of the nation's transit fleet to the lowest polluting and
most energy efficient transit vehicles. The Low-No Program provides funding to
State and local governmental authorities for the purchase or lease of
zero-emission and low-emission transit buses. Closing date is May 13, 2016. For
more information, go to http://www.grants.gov/web/grants/
view-opportunity.html?oppId=282627.

     Micronesian Mangrove Assessment - The Pacific Islands Climate Change
Cooperative is seeking proposals for the development of an island-wide
(state-level) Mangrove Adaptation Plan for the island of Pohnpei. The purpose of
this adaptation plan is to represent the priorities and concerns of Pohnpeian
Municipalities, communities and local non-governmental organizations. Closing
date is June 01, 2016.





 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:

 editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: April 6, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              492 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                This Day (Lagos)

                                 March 03, 2016

USAID Trains Two Million Nigerian Households in New Farming Methods

BYLINE: George Okoh

LENGTH: 389 words

DATELINE: Makurdi


The United States Agency for International Development (USAID) has disclosed
that two million Nigerian households are undergoing training on various farming
methods in order to increase productivity in farming and moving small-time
farmers to commercial level farmers.

Speaking at the presentation of a tractor grant to Mbaikyor MPCS Ltd. by
USAID/Market II in Mano, Katsina-Ala Local Government Area, Managing Director of
USAID/Market II, Mr. Harvey Schartup disclosed that the Mbaikyor Multi purpose
cooperative society won the award after competitive assessments.

He said a key strategy of the Market II was to provide grants to farmers, who
are carefully selected with records of good agricultural performances. "We also
look at farmers who consider farming as a business; who demonstrate team work
and who can serve as model to others," he said.

Schartup also stated that the donation to the Mbaikyor society was a clear
indication that mechanised farming is a way of making Nigerian farmers develop
profitable commercial farming activities. "We are providing this tractor not
only to support the cooperatives and their members in furthering their own
production opportunities but also to allow them to develop a commercial tractor
business to service the other farmers in their communities."

Market II is to provide mechanisation and capacity building grants to 29 high-
performing farmer groups across the North, Middle belt and Southern regions of
Nigeria.

In his remarks, the Benue State Commissioner for Agriculture, Mr. James Anbua,
represented by the Benue state Project Manager of Benue Agricultural and Rural
Development Authority (BNARDA) Mr. James Ker said the development of agriculture
cannot be done by government alone, as such the intervention by USAID is a
welcome development that should be emulate by others.

He said the Benue government is ready to cooperate with any organisation to
uplift the lives of the people of the state.

He urged the farmers to make use of the tractor donated to them by USAID.

Earlier in his welcome address, Managing Director of Egalf Venture Limited,
Prof. Lawrence Ega said, as contractors to USAID, the company had been involved
in the project from the beginning, adding that the project was aimed at
improving agricultural productivity, income, nutrition and the livelihood of the
farmers.

LOAD-DATE: March 3, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2016 AllAfrica Global Media.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              493 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           December 19, 2015 Saturday

Virginia: Virginia Cooperative Extension wins national award for strengthening
rural economies

LENGTH: 723  words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Richmond: Virginia Polytechnic Institute & University, The State of Virginia
has issued the following news release:



  Virginia Cooperative Extension was recently recognized by the National
Institute of Food and Agriculture for its commitment to strengthening rural
economies.





 The award recognizes an Extension initiative called Stronger Economies
Together, a program that promotes collaboration among rural communities by
pooling shared economic assets among municipalities and expanding the vision of
local policymakers in rural areas to think regionally beyond their own counties.




 The team was recognized at a ceremony at the NIFA Day of Appreciation in
Washington, D.C.



 "We place high value on the teams of researchers and other individuals who have
enacted positive change on the future of agriculture and science through their
work," Sonny Ramaswamy, director of the National Institute of Food and
Agriculture, said in a news release.



 The project is a collaboration of the National Institute of Food and
Agriculture, the U.S. Department of Agriculture Rural Development, the Regional
Rural Development Centers, and a team of land-grant Extension faculty, including
Martha Walker, community viability specialist in the Department of Agricultural
and Applied Economics in the Virginia Tech College of Agriculture and Life
Sciences.



 The goal of SET is to guide multicounty regions to construct and implement a
regional economic development plan that builds upon local and regional strengths
and assets. The SET program is now in its fifth year.



 This year, three regions in Virginia have been selected as part of the SET
2015-16 initiative.



 The regions include the Eastern Shore, consisting of Accomack and Northampton
counties and Tangier Island; the Mount Rogers Planning District, made up of
Bland, Carroll, Grayson, Smyth, Washington, and Wythe counties and the cities of
Bristol and Galax; and most recently added the Northern Shenandoah Valley with
Clarke, Frederick, Page, Shenandoah and Warren Counties, City of Winchester;
Towns of Berryville, Front Royal, Luray, Middletown, Strasburg, Stephens City,
and Woodstock.



 Each of these three regions will benefit from a focused initiative to explore
regional economic advantages and to formulate economic blueprints for the
regions.



 Among its many accomplishments, the SET program has provided two regional teams
with tools, training, and technical expertise. Diverse teams of regional
stakeholders participated in a 12- to 18-month program, which strengthened the
collaborative capacity and economic development knowledge of participants,
culminating in a high-quality economic plan for the regions. Community viability
specialists from Extension and personnel from partner organizations engaged
participants in team-building activities and the use of up-to-date data and
analytical tools.



 Virginia Cooperative Extension and its partners implemented the program in two
Virginia regions: the Northern Neck-Chesapeake Bay area and a section of
Southside Virginia.



 The Northern Neck-Chesapeake Bay Region Partnership secured implementation
funding, established a small business incubator, and developed one of SET's
nationally recognized regional economic plans.



 Virginia's Growth Alliance, which comprises six counties and one city in
Southside, established a new economic development partnership, crafted a
regional entrepreneurship plan, and better identified regional economic
clusters.



 In both areas, the program successfully built the foundation for job creation,
forged new partnerships, and encouraged local government officials to continue
working together across municipal boundaries. Both regions participated in the
SET national program assessment in September 2014.



 The program was an outgrowth of recognizing the sizable constraints of limited
economic resources faced by rural economies that are compounded by declining
industries that cause the labor pool to flee rural regions.



 To date the national SET program has leveraged $112 million in grants and
resources in designated regions, region-specific infrastructure planning to
strengthen rural healthcare, agritourism, broadband access, entrepreneurism,
agribusiness, and transportation.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: December 19, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              494 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                         Telegraph Herald (Dubuque, IA)

                           October 28, 2015 Wednesday

Federal loan buoys Wisconsin utility

BYLINE: CRAIG D. REBER craig.reber@thmediac.com

SECTION: A; Pg. 3

LENGTH: 394 words


What it is The U.S. Department of Agriculture's Rural Utilities Service (RUS)
administers programs that provide much-need infrastructure or infrastructure
improvements to rural communities. These include water and waste treatment,
electric power and telecommunications services. All of these services play a
critical role in helping to expand economic opportunities and improve the
quality of life for rural residents. U. S. Department of Agriculture

LANCASTER, Wis. - A recently awarded $13 million loan could help boost Scenic
Rivers Energy Cooperative.

"It will help update and upgrade our facilities and infrastructure," said Steve
Lucas, CEO of the member-owned electric cooperative headquartered in Lancaster.

The loans are given through U. S. Department of Agriculture`s Rural Utilities
Service, formerly the Rural Electrification Administration, which dates to the
1930s.

Lucas characterized it as "line of credit," not a loan.

"If we don`t need it, we won`t borrow it," he said.

Scenic Rivers` primary service area is the rural portions of Grant, Crawford and
Lafayette counties. The co-op maintains about 3,500 miles of line.

Specifically, the co-op plans to improve sections of 92 miles of electric lines.
And $5.3 million will be targeted for smart grid technologies, which can include
items such as metering, substation automation and computer applications. The
work would be done over five years.

The loan was good news to Ron Brisbois, Grant County Economic Development Corp.
executive director.

"It`s always been a challenge to tap into that amount of money and access those
kinds of programs, even though we qualify for it based on our population density
in all of southwest Wisconsin," he said.

The upgrades and improvements will have a "huge impact" on the area, Brisbois
said.

"(Scenic Rivers has) been a strong partner," he said. "All you have to do is
look at power poles to see growth in the rural sector - larger farming
operations, wood milling, various businesses popping up and being developed.
They all require energy."

Scenic Rivers` electric lines are spread throughout the cooperative`s service
area. Scenic Rivers hires a consulting engineering company that monitors its
distribution system.

"They do calculations and establish where the weak points are in the system,"
Lucas said. "These projects we will be doing will address some of those areas."

LOAD-DATE: October 28, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2015 Woodward Communications, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              495 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             April 12, 2016 Tuesday

Washington: Ag News from USDA Rural Development - July 1st Deadline to Apply for
Value-Added Producer Grant

LENGTH: 205  words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Washington: United States Department of Agriculture Farm Service Agency has
issued the following news release:





 USDA Rural Development is accepting applications for the Value-Added Producer
Grant (VAPG) program.





 The VAPG program helps independent producers and agricultural producer groups,
farmer-or-rancher-cooperatives, and majority-controlled producer-based business
ventures enter into value-added activities related to the processing and/or
marketing of bio-based value-added products.  Generating new products, creating
and expanding marketing opportunities, and increasing producer income are the
goals of this program.



 Value-added processing and marketing helps farmers and ranchers receive a
higher portion of the retail dollar.  Value-Added Producer Grants support
planning activities, such as developing a business plan, as well as working
capital.



 Grants are awarded through a national competition.  The maximum grant amount
for planning grants is $75,000 and $250,000 for working capital grants.
Matching resources are required.



 The deadline to submit paper applications is July 1, 2016.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:

 editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: April 13, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              496 of 998 DOCUMENTS


              The Times and Democrat (Orangeburg, South Carolina)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                           December 15, 2016 Thursday

Industrial park gets $200K

BYLINE: The Times and Democrat, Orangeburg, S.C.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 384 words


Dec. 15--Aiken Electric Cooperative is setting aside $200,000 to help develop
the Western Orangeburg County Industrial Park in Neeses.

The money will go toward road infrastructure and other park improvements.

"Aiken Electric Cooperative's contribution to the park clearly shows their
dedication to the residents of western Orangeburg County," Orangeburg County
Development Commission member Craig Williamson said.

"The park is being developed at a pace as funds become available," he said.

The U.S. Department of Agriculture Rural Development Funds would otherwise go to
the state of South Carolina in the form of gross tax receipts. The RDA Act of
1996 allows the cooperative to invest the funds locally.

'Aiken Electric Cooperative's partnership with the Orangeburg County Development
Commission has been instrumental in improving the economic growth for not only
the western region of Orangeburg County but for the entire region," Aiken
Electric Cooperative CEO Gary Stooksbury said.

"The continued economic development of rural South Carolina is vital,"
Stooksbury said.

The industrial park is a 230-acre former sorghum farm located northwest of
Neeses and adjacent to S.C. 389 and U.S. 321.

The park will accommodate light assembly and manufacturing facilities that could
use commercial septic systems until sewer is in place.

Aiken Electric has facilitated more than $450,000 in RDA grants for the project
over the past eight years.

Orangeburg County Council Chairman Johnnie Wright said the funds are another
example of a positive partnership in moving the county forward.

"Orangeburg County is very grateful of the support given by Aiken Electric over
the years," Wright said.

The county also received $200,000 from Aiken Electric in December 2014 to help
with the development of the park.

Approximately $4 million was set aside for infrastructure at the park in the
third phase of the 1 percent capital projects sales tax and a combined $1
million was set aside for the project from the previous rounds of the special
tax.

About $1.7 million will be set aside for the project in the recently approved
fourth phase of the capital projects sales tax.

___ (c)2016 The Times and Democrat (Orangeburg, S.C.) Visit The Times and
Democrat (Orangeburg, S.C.) at thetandd.com Distributed by Tribune Content
Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: December 16, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20161215-GG-Industrial-park-gets-200K-20161215

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: GG


                     Copyright 2016 The Times and Democrat


                              497 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                              May 12, 2014 Monday

Rural Business-Cooperative Service: Business Loan and Grant Analyst
DC-2014-0042A

LENGTH: 3795  words

DATELINE: Washington


Office of Personnel Management has issued the following job announcement:

Job Title:Business Loan and Grant Analyst

Department:Department Of Agriculture

Agency:Rural Business-Cooperative Service

Job Announcement Number:DC-2014-0042A
SALARY RANGE:
 $75,621.00 to $116,901.00 / Per Year
OPEN PERIOD:
 Monday, May 12, 2014 to Monday, May 26, 2014
SERIES & GRADE:
 GS-1101-12/13
POSITION INFORMATION:
 Full-Time - Permanent
PROMOTION POTENTIAL:
13
DUTY LOCATIONS:
 3 vacancies - Location Negotiable After Selection, United States
WHO MAY APPLY:
 Current permanent Federal employees with competitive status, reinstatement
eligibles, persons with disabilities, VEOA eligibles, certain military spouses,
30% or more disabled veterans, former Peace Corps or VISTA volunteers,
CTAP/ICTAP eligibles,  Farm Service Agency permanent county employees and those
eligible for other Special Hiring Authorities.
SECURITY CLEARANCE:
 Other
SUPERVISORY STATUS:
 No
JOB SUMMARY:

The U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA) Rural Development Agency serves rural
communities throughout the country by investing in their communities through
housing and utility infrastructure, by increasing economic opportunity, and by
improving the quality of life for all rural Americans.  Rural Development
provides over 40 loan and grant programs in the Rural Housing and Community
Facilities Services, Rural Business and Cooperative Services, and Rural
Utilities Service. Rural Development supports a positive work environment and
promotes diversity and inclusion for nearly 5,000 employees.

Rural Development is a dynamic organization recruiting for employees who possess
the energy, compassion, and commitment to serve those in rural communities and
will enjoy working in a fast paced and results driven organization.  Our
commitment is to expand economic opportunity and quality of life in all of rural
America by providing financial programs to support essential public facilities
and services such as water and sewer systems, housing, health clinics, emergency
service facilities and electric and telephone service.  Rural Development offers
a friendly and professional working environment and such excellent benefits as:
a generous salary, alternative work schedules, paid vacation and sick leave,
paid holidays, retirement and supplemental savings plan, a wide array of health,
dental, vision, and life insurance plans, flexible spending accounts, and
long-term care insurance.

This position is located in the Energy Programs Branch, Energy Division, Deputy
Administrator-Business Programs, Rural Business-Cooperative Service (RBS).

You will serve as a Business Loan and Grant Analyst responsible for providing
expertise and leadership in coordinating, planning, developing, and implementing
a variety of operational and administrative program activities that support the
delivery of RBS Energy programs.

TRAVEL REQUIRED

25% or Greater
    Some travel may be required

RELOCATION AUTHORIZED

No

KEY REQUIREMENTS

US Citizenship is required.
    Selective Service Registration is required for males born after 12/31/1959.

DUTIES:
Back to top

Develop and recommend plans, policies and procedures for administering
nationwide energy and energy related loan and grant programs.
    Within the assigned geographic area, monitor States' delivery of Energy
programs and loan/grant funding and support effective utilization of funds.
    Responsible for identifying and developing regulatory program changes in
response to new authorities, analyzing program trends, identifying and
evaluating program and operational weaknesses and/or makes formal
recommendations for changes for improved program effectiveness nationwide and
handle program oversight internal control and accountability.
    Provide technical guidance and expertise on program management reviews and
coduct Statewide loan/grant program evaluations.
    Within assigned geographical area, coordinated and conduct a comprehensive
outreach program and provide technical assistance services with Staff.
Establish and conduct regional workshops to promote RBS energy programs and
provide guidance in applying for technical and financial assistance.
    Assess training needs of RBS staff in the region and provide training to
Rural Development (RD) field office staff and RBS National Office on a variety
of subjects relating to nationwide administration of the RBS energy programs and
energy related loan and grant activities.
    Review and analyze grant, loan, and payment requests received for all
Division energy programs, with the majority of analysis related to advanced
technologies.
    Provide review and analysis of annual financial statements to assure
compliance with loan and grant agreements.
    Make recommendations in writing and orally, to management concerning
requests and applications for Division programs.

QUALIFICATIONS REQUIRED:
Back to top

To qualify for the GS-12 level, all applicants must possess at least one full
year of specialized experience at or equivalent to the GS-11 level in the
Federal service, or comparable experience not gained in the federal service.
Examples of qualifying experience may include: knowledge of laws, practices and
principles related to business trends/advances in energy related loan and grant
programs. Experience assisting with loan and grant processing and review.
Knowledge of professional project management principles relating to the
management of databases and funding of projects. Experience serving as a
consultant to management regarding techniques to effectively evaluate loan and
grant data and processes. Experience assisting in the development of plans,
policies and procedures for administering an energy or energy related loan and
grant program.

To qualify for the GS-13 level, all applicants must possess at least one full
year of specialized experience at or equivalent to the GS-12 level in the
Federal service, or comparable experience not gained in the federal service.
Examples of qualifying experience may include: knowledge of laws, practices and
principles related to business trends/advances in energy related loan and grant
programs. Experience in loan and grant program administration and processing.
Experience with professional project management principles relating to the
management of databases and the funding of projects. Experience serving as a
consultant to management regarding techniques to effectively evaluate complex
loan and grant data and processes. Experience developing and recommending plans,
policies and procedures for administering a nation-wide energy and energy
related loan and grant programs.


There is no education requirement for this position.

o  May be subject to satisfactory completion of one year probationary or trial
period.
o  CONFIDENTIAL FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE REPORT: If selected, you will be required
to submit Form OGE-450 within 30 days of your initial appointment date, and
annually thereafter. Selectee is subject to financial Disclosure Requirements in
accordance with 5 CFR, Part 2635, Sub part E regarding business or personal
transactions with applicants, borrowers, or business contacts who have or who
are seeking business with this Agency. Selectee must be able to obtain and
maintain a security clearance. If selected you will be subject to a National
Agency Check and Inquiry (NACI) and a credit report.
o  Travel will be required.
o  This position requires up to 25 % travel.
o  Have your salary sent to a financial institution of your choice by Direct
Deposit/Electronic Funds Transfer.
o  If you are newly hired, the documentation you present for purposes of
completing the Department Homeland Security (DHS) Form I-9 on your entry-on-duty
date will be verified through the DHS "E-VERIFY" system. Federal law requires
the use of E-VERIFY to confirm the employment eligibility of all new hires.
Under this system, the new hire is required to resolve any identified
discrepancies as a condition of continued employment.
o  To be eligible for appointment to this position, the new hire must be cleared
to come on board once the results of the fingerprint check, review of the
OF-306, Declaration for Federal Employment, and the candidate's Electronic
Questionnaires for Investigations Processing (eQIP) entries have been reviewed
and determined to be satisfactory.  This position requires a favorable credit
check as part of the background investigation.
HOW YOU WILL BE EVALUATED:

You will be evaluated based on your qualifications for this position as
evidenced by the education, experience, and training you described in your
application package, as well as the responses to the Occupational Questionnaire
to determine the degree to which you possess the knowledge, skills, abilities
and competencies listed below:

Program Administration/Project Management
        Commercial and Community loan and grant making
        Oral Communication
        Written Communication

We will review your application, including the online Occupational
Questionnaire, to ensure you meet the job requirements and assess your ability
to perform this job. Before any certificate can be issued to the selecting
official, the resume and supporting documents are reviewed by an HR Specialist
to ensure that (a) minimum qualification requirements are met and (b) the resume
supports the answers provided to the job-specific questions. Your answers will
be verified against information provided in your online resume and application.
Be sure that your resume clearly supports your responses to all the questions
addressing experience and education relevant to this position.
    Applicants who meet the basic minimum qualification requirements and are
determined to be among the best qualified candidates will be referred to the
hiring manager for consideration. Non-Competitive candidates need to meet
minimum qualification requirements to be referred.

Note: If, after reviewing your resume and / or supporting documentation, a
determination is made that you have inflated your qualifications and or
experience, your score can / will be lowered to more accurately reflect the
submitted documentation. Please follow all instructions carefully. Errors or
omissions may affect your rating. Deliberate attempts to falsify information may
be grounds for not selecting you.

To view the application form, visit:
https://rbcs.usda.ntis.gov/cp/?event=jobs.previewApplication&jobid=7984ed7d-79c2
-489e-a695-a31e007e6550

BENEFITS:
Back to top

You can review our benefits at:
http://www.opm.gov/healthcare-insurance/healthcare/enrollment/new-federal-employ
ee-enrollment/
The Federal Government offers a comprehensive benefits package.  Explore the
major benefits offered to most Federal employees at:
http://www.opm.gov/healthcare-insurance/healthcare/enrollment/new-federal-employ
ee-enrollment/

OTHER INFORMATION:
o  If you are a male applicant born after December 31, 1959, certify that you
have registered with the Selective Service System or are exempt from having to
do so.
o  BACKGROUND INVESTIGATION AND FINGERPRINT CHECK:  Selection and retention in
this position is contingent on a successfully adjudicated FBI National Criminal
History Check (fingerprint check) and a background investigation.
o  Career Transition Assistance Plan(CTAP) or Interagency Career Transition
Assistance Plan (ICTAP):   If you are claiming CTAP/ICTAP eligibility, provide
proof of eligibility to include your most recent performance appraisal, SF-50,
and proof of eligibility such as a RIF separation notice or letter from OPM/your
agency.  CTAP/ICTAP eligibles will be considered well-qualified if achieving a
rating of __ or above.  Information about CTAP/ICTAP eligibility is on OPM's
Career Transition Resources website at http://www.opm.gov/ctap/index.asp.
o  If you are selected for a position with further promotion potential, you will
be placed under a career development plan, and may be non-competitively promoted
if you successfully complete the requirements and if recommended by management.
However, promotion is neither implied nor guaranteed.
o  Relocation expenses are not authorized.
o  This position is eligible for telework and other flexible work arrangements.
Employee participation is at the discretion of the supervisor.
HOW TO APPLY:
Back to top

Please read the entire announcement and all the instructions before you begin.
The following instructions outline our application process.

You must complete this application process and submit all required documents
electronically by 11:59 p.m. Eastern Time (ET) on the closing date of this
announcement.
    We are available to assist you during business hours (normally 8:00 a.m. -
4:00 p.m., Monday - Friday). Applying online is highly encouraged. If applying
online poses a hardship, please contact our office during business hours well
before the closing date for an alternate method. All hardship application
packages with supporting documents must be submitted no later than noon on the
closing date of the announcement in order to be entered into the system prior to
its closing.
    This agency provides reasonable accommodation to applicants with
disabilities on a case-by-case basis; contact us if you are requesting this.

Step 1: Create a USAJOBS account (if you do not have one) at www.usajobs.gov. It
is recommended that as part of your profile you set up automatic email
notification to be informed when the status of your application changes. If you
choose not to set up this automatic notification, then you will have to log into
your USAJOBS account to check on the status of your application.


Step 2: Create a resume with USAJOBS or upload a resume into your USAJOBS
account. Customize your resume to ensure it documents duties and accomplishments
you have gained that are directly related to this position in order to verify
that qualifications are met. Your resume must support your responses to the
online questionnaire (you may preview the online questionnaire by clicking on
the link at the end of the How You Will Be Evaluated section of the job
announcement).

Step 3: Click "Apply Online" and follow the prompts to complete the Occupational
Questionnaire and attach any additional documents that may be required.
You can update your application or documents anytime while the announcement is
open. Log into your USAJOBS account and click on "Application Status." Click on
the position title, and then select "Update Application" to continue.
NOTE: Verify that uploaded documents from USAJOBs transfer into the Agency's
staffing system. Once in the Agency's staffing system you will have the
opportunity to upload additional documents. Uploaded documents must be less than
3MB and in one of the following document formats: GIF, JPG, JPEG, PNG, RTF, PDF,
or Word (DOC or DOCX).


REQUIRED DOCUMENTS:

A resume should be provided. It should include relevant work experience
(start/end dates stated in month/year, description of duties and salary),
applicable education at a minimum, and your contact information. For current or
previous Federal employees, it should also include the Pay Plan, Series and
Grade for each work experience entry.
    For current or previous Federal employees, please attach a copy of your most
recent SF-50 or agency notification of personnel action form that provides
current position, grade level, and duty location.
    If you are a veteran claiming Veterans' Preference, please attach your
DD-214 "Certificate of Release or Discharge from Active Duty," showing all dates
of service, receipt of medals and campaign badges, as well as character of
service (Honorable, General, etc.). The member 4 copy of your DD-214,
"Certificate of Release or Discharge from Active Duty," is preferable.
    When applying for Federal Jobs, eligible veterans should claim preference on
their application or resume. Applicants claiming 10-point preference must
complete Standard Form (SF) 15, "Application for 10-Point Veteran Preference",
and submit the requested documentation.
    For a disabled veteran, you must submit a Department of Veterans Affairs
(DVA) letter on DVA letterhead that states your overall combined
service-connected disability rating.
    If you are a service member who expects to be discharged or released from
active duty under honorable conditions, you may submit a certification letter to
receive veterans' preference under the VOW (Veterans Opportunity to Work) to
Hire Heroes Act of 2011.
    If you are a veteran claiming Sole Survivor Preference, please attach your
SSP documentation.
    Please provide a copy of your College transcript(s) which support those
qualifications for which you wish to have considered.
    Please provide your proof of disability.

A complete Application Package must be submitted and received prior to 11:59,
ET, on the closing date. The following documents are required for your
application package to be complete. Our office cannot be responsible for
incompatible software, illegible fax transmissions, delays in the mail service,
your system failure or downtime, etc. Failure to submit required, legible
documents may result in loss of consideration.

Resume that includes the following information: 1) personal information; 2)
education; 3) work experience including the work schedule and hours worked per
week as well as dates of employment; and title, series and grade if applicable;
4) supervisor's phone number and e-mail address for each work period listed and
whether or not we may contact them for reference checks; and, 5) other
qualifications.
    College Transcripts if education is required for meeting basic
qualifications and/or used as a substitute for specialized experience. An
unofficial copy is sufficient however, if selected; an official college
transcript will be required prior to entering on duty. Education must have been
successfully completed and obtained from an accredited school, college, or
university. Foreign education must be evaluated by an approved organization. For
additional information, refer to the U.S. Department of Education web site at
http://www.ed.gov. All transcripts must be in English or include an English
translation.

Other required documents as applicable:

Current/Former Career/Career-Conditional: Most recent non-award Notification of
Personnel Action (SF-50 or equivalent) showing that you are/were in the
competitive service, highest grade (or promotion potential) held on a permanent
basis, federal status, position title, series and grade AND most recently
completed performance appraisal (dated within 18 months) showing the official
rating of record, signed by the supervisor, or a statement as to why the
performance appraisal is unavailable. Do not submit a performance plan.
    Veteran Hiring Authorities: (VEOA, VRA, and 30% Disabled Veterans): DD-214
(Member 4 Copy). Disabled veterans must include your VA letter & SF-15 if
claiming 10 pt. preference. Current active duty members must submit a
certification that they are expected to be discharged or released from active
duty under honorable conditions not later than 120 days after the date the
certification is submitted.
    Schedule A, Persons with Disabilities: Schedule A letter from a physician,
local, state or federal rehabilitation office citing eligibility under 5 CFR
213.3102 (u).
    Certain Military Spouses under E.O. 13473: Verification of the marriage to
the service member (i.e., a marriage license or other legal documentation
verifying marriage), plus Permanent Change of Station: PCS orders issued within
the last 2 years, that: lists you as authorized to accompany the military member
to the new duty permanent station; the specific location; and the effective date
of the PCS OR Military disability of 100%: verification of the member's release
or discharge due to 100% disability (DD-214 and VA Letter) OR Death while
serving on active duty: 1) Verification of release or discharge due to death
(DD-214). 2) Verification of the member's death (DD-1300 and Death Certificate.
3) Statement certifying they are un-remarried widow or widower of the service
member.
    Foreign Service: Most recent Foreign Service Notification of Personnel
Action, showing that you were/are serving under an unlimited, career-type
appointment AND have completed at least 1 year of continuous service without a
break of a workday under one or more nontemporary Foreign Service appointments.

    CTAP/ICTAP: Certification of Expected Separation, Reduction-In-Force
Separation Notice, Notice of Proposed Removal, or appropriate OPM/Agency
certification; AND most recent performance evaluation; AND SF-50 demonstrating
your separation or the position from which you will be separated.
    Peace Corps/VISTA Volunteers: Documentation of no less than 24 months (Peace
Corps) or 1 year (VISTA) of continuous service and separated within 1 year of
completing the qualifying service.
    Peace Corps Staff: Documentation of no less than 36 months of continuous
service without a break in service of 3 days or more and separated within the 3
years of completing the qualifying service.
    Certain Family Members under E.O. 12721: Most recent non-award SF-50 and
performance appraisal.
    Interchange Agreement with Other Merit Systems: Documentation of eligibility
as listed in interchange agreement.
    Miscellaneous Authorities Not Regulated by the Office of Personnel
Management: (Postal Career Service Employees, Postal Service Commission
Employees, GAO, US Courts, etc.), Current Notification of Personnel Action (or
equivalent) that reflects your eligibility.
    Other Special Hiring Authorities: If you are claiming eligibility under a
Special Hiring Authority, you must submit supporting documents.

AGENCY CONTACT INFO:
Chris Tart
Phone: 202-692-0192
Fax: 202-692-0182
Email: prentice.tart@wdc.usda.gov
Agency Information:
Heaquarters Personnel Services Branch
1400 Independence Avenue, SW
Washington, DC,
20250
USA
Fax: 202-692-0182
WHAT TO EXPECT NEXT:
If you set up your USAJOBS account to send automatic email notifications, you
will receive an email acknowledging: 1) the submission of your online
Occupational Questionnaire and resume was successful,  2) if you were referred
to the selecting official for consideration, and  3) if you were selected or not
selected. If you choose not to set up automatic email notifications, you must
check your USAJOBS account for the latest status of your application. Your
application may be reviewed to verify that you meet the qualifications and
eligibility requirements for the position prior to issuing lists to a selecting
official. If further evaluation or interviews are required, you will be
contacted. Normally, a final job offer to the selected candidate is made within
30-60 days after the issuance of the certificate.

For more information please visit: https://www.usajobs.gov/

LOAD-DATE: May 12, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              498 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                             The New Times (Kigali)

                             April 27, 2010 Tuesday

Farmers Get USADF Support to Boost Food Production

BYLINE: Gertrude Majyambere

LENGTH: 230  words

DATELINE: Kigali


The United States African Development Foundation (USADF) has signed two grants
to support food production activities in Rwanda.

The grant will benefit cooperatives involved in mushroom and cassava processing.

Two cooperatives from the districts of Gasabo and Kamonyi will receive
Rwf48,268m and Rwf92,919m respectively to set up a water system and finance the
cooperatives' working capital, staff training and acquisition of equipment in
the next five years.

The USADF said in a press statement that the project will benefit some 200
small-scale farmers and 800 unskilled workers who provide casual labour to Ituze
cooperative in Kamonyi district.

It will also focus on helping the cooperative to establish and maintain a crop
purchase fund in order to fully utilise the milling equipment in place, the
foundation said.

"These grants will be invested in food production in Rwanda while targeting
those at the bottom by creating jobs and raising people's incomes," Chairman
Jack Leslie stated in a press note.

Ituze cooperative grows and processes cassava both for home consumption and as
an income generating activity. It also supports 31 child-headed households in
their community.

The fund will also benefit Coopérative de Développement et du Bien-être
Famililiale (CDEF), which processes mushrooms through equipment acquisition,
marketing, staff training and business plan development.

LOAD-DATE: April 27, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2010 AllAfrica Global Media.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              499 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                      The Wilmot Enterprise (South Dakota)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                January 31, 2013

WVEC Director Candidates Needed

BYLINE: The Wilmot Enterprise staff

LENGTH: 543  words


Whetstone Valley Electric Cooperative is making plans for its 72nd Annual
Meeting. The meeting will be held Thursday, March 21, 2013, at 6:30 p.m. in the
Milbank High School Theater.

This will be the first year that our meeting will be held on a Thursday evening
rather than a Saturday afternoon. We are hoping that schedule change makes it
possible for more of our members to attend.

This year, three members must be selected to serve on the board of directors,
all for three-year terms. The districts with open seats are as follows:

District 7: Grant Center and Al-ban townships in Grant County District 8:
Stockholm, Madison and Vernon townships in Grant County.

District 9: Adams, Waverly, Troy, Antelope Valley and Georgia townships in
Grant, Codington and Deuel Counties District 7: Harlan Loeschke will not seek
re-election and District 9: Don Devoe has met his term limit.

A director has the opportunity to represent the Co-op in a variety of ways.
He/she has the opportunity to demonstrate leadership qualities, and increase his
or her knowledge within the cooperative business environment and the electrical
industry. As a director, you have the satisfaction of knowing you are a
significant part of the future development of Whetstone Valley Electric
Cooperative.

In addition to the many rewards of being a director, there are some important
responsibilities a director must be prepared to abide by and uphold the bylaws
of the cooperative a director acts as a trustee for WVEC assets a director aids
in formulating, approving and reviewing policies to provide guidelines for the
cooperative a director must have the ability to respond to member's concerns and
questions, be available to their constituents, and have a genuine spirit of
wanting to help at all times.

The board is responsible for sending representatives to the associations to
which the cooperative is a member. Directors represent the Cooperative at
meetings of East River Electric Power Cooperative, South Dakota Rural Electric
Association, Basin Electric Power Cooperative and the National Rural Electric
Association. The board members attend seminars and meetings of several
organizations. Directors may be asked to lobby and remain informed on pertinent
legislative issues. Some reading and studying is necessary to keep informed of
current Rural Utilities Service (RUS) happenings and how they may affect the
co-op. The board reviews financial reports, work plans, audits. They approve
budgets and large purchases of equipment and other capital expenditures. It is
also their job to evaluate cooperative's operations and create long-term plans
to assure the financial and operational stability of the cooperative.

Board meetings usually occur the third Thursday of each month, and begin at 8:00
a.m. Total estimated time of director duty including board meeting days is
approximately 30 days per year. Directors are compensated per diem for their
time and personal expenses.

If you are interested in becoming a candidate for the WVEC Board of Directors,
contact the WVEC office at 605-432-5331, or stop by and pick up a petition. The
candidate petition must have at least six (6) member signatures, and be returned
to the Whetstone office no later than 12:00 noon on February 11, 2013.

LOAD-DATE: September 14, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Labor

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: WIL

                      Copyright 2013 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                      Copyright 2013 The Wilmot Enterprise


                              500 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           February 11, 2014 Tuesday

Utah: System of Care Expansion Implementation Cooperative Agreements

LENGTH: 473  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Sponsor  Substance Abuse and Mental Health Services Administration
Deadlines  Mar 21, 2014
Contact

For business, administrative, or fiscal questions:
Gwendolyn Simpson
Phone: 240.276.1408
Email: gwendolyn.simpson@samhsa.hhs.gov

For programmatic or technical assistance questions:
Diane Sondheimer
Deputy Branch Chief
Phone: 240.276.1922
Email: diane.sondheimer@samhsa.hhs.gov
Purpose

System of Care Expansion Implementation Cooperative Agreements support the
operation, expansion, and integration of Systems of Care intended to increase
the provision and availability of mental health services to children and youth
with emotional disturbances.

Applicants will be expected to include the following types of activities:

Provision of mental health services, including culturally and linguistically
diverse services that address mental health disparities
    Outreach activities
    Expansion of family and youth involvement
    Collaboration across child serving agencies and among critical providers,
and programs to build bridges among partners, including relationships between
community and residential treatment settings
    Integration between mental health and substance abuse services and systems
    Creation of outcome measurement strategies
    Coordination with Block Grants and other health care reform efforts
    Development and implementation of a strategic financing plan that
incorporates Medicaid and other third party payors, other child serving agencies
and systems, and Block Grants
    Establishment of policy, administrative and/or regulatory structures that
support ongoing SOC implementation efforts

Systems of Care focused on rural and tribal populations are eligible to apply.
Eligibility  Eligible entities include:

State governments
    Indian or tribal organizations
    Governmental units within political subdivisions of a state, such as a
county, city or town
    Commonwealth of Puerto Rico, Northern Mariana Islands, Virgin Islands, Guam,
American Samoa, and Trust Territory of the Pacific Islands (now Palau,
Micronesia, and the Marshall Islands).

Geographic
coverage  Nationwide
Amount of
funding

Award Ceiling: $1,000,000

For the first, second, and third fiscal years of the cooperative agreement,
grantees must provide at least $1 for each $3 of federal funds. For the fourth
fiscal year of the cooperative agreement, grantees must provide at least $1 for
each $1 of federal funds.
Application
process

Links to the full announcement and online application process are available
through grants.gov.

A pre-application webinar will be held January 13, 2014 from 2:30 - 4:30 p.m.
Registration link: http://bit.ly/1c7UMKO
Password: Abc123
Tagged as  Care coordination, Mental health

For further information please visit: http://www.raconline.org/

LOAD-DATE: February 12, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved
