
                              1 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                  The Clinch County News (Homerville, Georgia)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                  July 4, 2012

Grants available for rural economic development

BYLINE: The Clinch County News staff

LENGTH: 722  words


Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack announced that USDA is accepting applications
for grants to help promote sustainable economic development and job creation in
rural communities. "Cooperative enterprises often lead economic growth and job
creation in rural areas," Vilsack said. "USDA is offering grants to help
organizations start cooperatives, expand existing ones or help develop business
opportunities in rural areas." USDA is offering Rural Cooperative Development
Grants (RCDG) to nonprofit corporations and institutions of higher education.
The grants also may be used to conduct feasibility studies, create and implement
business plans, and help businesses develop new markets for their products and
services.

One-year grants up to $175,000 are available. In most cases, grants may be used
to pay for up to 75 percent of the cost of establishing and operating rural
cooperative development centers.

Recipients are required to match 25 percent of the award amount. The grant
period should begin no earlier than October 1, 2012, and no later than January
1, 2013.

Many RCDG recipients have a long history of job creation and economic
development. In Great Falls, MT, the Montana Cooperative Development Center has
helped 123 entities and guided the formation of 37 cooperatives since its
inception in 1999. One of these cooperatives, the Last Chance Cafe, in Sunburst,
MT, near the Canadian border, would have closed without help from the
development center and its USDA Rural Cooperative Development Grant. This iconic
cafe is once again a successful local diner and a gathering spot for the local
community.

Through this notice, USDA may award up to $5.8 million in grants. The deadline
for RCDG applications is August 6, 2012. For additional information, see the
June 7, 2012 Federal Register or contact the USDA Rural Development State
Office.

In addition, USDA is offeringalmost$2.37million in grants through USDA Rural
Development's Rural Business Opportunity Grant(RBOG). The program promotes
sustainable economic development in rural communities and regions with
exceptional needs. For example, in 2011, USDA Rural Development awarded
Southwestern Wisconsin Regional Planning Commission a $90,000 grant to assist
with the development of a local food prospectus for rural areas in the tri-state
region of Wisconsin, Iowa and Illinois. The Commission will use the grant award
with partner agencies in Wisconsin, Illinois and Iowa to improve the local food
opportunities in the tri-state region. The two-year effort will identify
agricultural strengths, regional opportunities, and recommend a unified network
of processing, storage, and distribution facilities throughout the region.

The RBOG program provides training and technical assistance grants for business
development, entrepreneurs, and economic development officials and assists with
economic development planning. Funding is available to rural public bodies,
nonprofit corporations, Native American tribes and cooperatives with primarily
rural members that conduct activities for the mutual benefit of the membership.
Applications for Rural Business Opportunity

Grants are due August 6, 2012. Application instructions may be obtained from the
June 7, 2012 Federal Register, or by contacting aUSDA Rural Development State
Office.

Since taking office, President Obama's Administration has taken historic steps
to improve the lives of rural Americans, put people back to work and build
thriving economies in rural communities. From proposing the American Jobs Act to
establishing the first-ever White House

Rural Council - chaired by Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack - the President is
committed to using Federal resources more efficiently to foster sustainable
economic prosperity and ensure the government is a strong partner for
businesses, entrepreneurs and working families in rural communities. USDA,
through its Rural Development mission area, administers and manages housing,
business and community infrastructure and facility programs through a national
network of state and local offices. Rural Development has an active portfolio of
more than $165 billion in loans and loan guarantees. These programs are designed
to improve the economic stability of rural communities, businesses, residents,
farmers and ranchers and improve the quality of life in rural areas.

LOAD-DATE: October 24, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Economy

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: CCH

                      Copyright 2012 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                     Copyright 2012 The Clinch County News


                              2 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



              The Lake Metigoshe Mirror (Bottineau, North Dakota)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                 June 20, 2012

USDA seeking applications for grants to help rural businesses

BYLINE: The Lake Metigoshe Mirror staff

LENGTH: 483  words


Agriculture Secretary Tom Vil-sack announced that USDA is accepting applications
for grants to help promote sustainable economic development and job creation in
rural communities.

"'Cooperative enterprises often lead economic growth and job creation in rural
areas," Vilsack said. "USDA is offering grants to help organizations start
cooperatives, expand existing ones or help develop business opportunities in
rural areas.-'

USDA is offering Rural Cooperative Development Grants (RCDG) to non-profit
corporations and institutions of higher education .

The grants also may be used to conduct feasibility studies, create and implement
business plans, and help businesses develop new markets for their products and
services.

One-year grants up to $175,000 are available. In most cases, grants may be used
to pay for up to 75 percent of the cost of establishing and operating rural
cooperative development centers. Recipients are required to match 25 percent of
the award amount. The grant period should begin no earlier than October 1, 2012.
and no later than January 1. 2013.

Many RCDG recipients have a long history of job creation and economic
development. In Great Falls, Montana, the Montana Cooperative Development Center
has helped 123 entities and guided the formation of 37 cooperatives since its
inception in 1999.

One of these cooperatives, the Last Chance Cafe, in Sunburst, Montana, near the
Canadian border, would have closed without help from the development center and
its USDA Rural Cooperative Development Grant.

This iconic cafe is once again a successful local diner and a gathering spot for
the local community.

Through this notice, USDA may award up to $5.8 million in grants. The deadline
for RCDG applications is August 6, 2012. For additional information, see the
June 7,2012 Federal Register or contact the USDA Rural Development state office.

In addition, USDA is offering almost $2.37 million in grants through USDA Rural
Development's Rural Business Opportunity Grant (RBOG. The program promotes
sustainable economic development in rural communities and regions with
exceptional needs.

The RBOG program provides training and technical assistance grants for business
development, entrepreneurs, and economic development officials and assists with
economic development planning.

Funding is available to rural public bodies, nonprofit corporations, Native
American tribes and cooperatives with primarily rural members that conduct
activities for the mutual benefit of the membership.

Applications for Rural Business Opportunity Grants are due August 6. 2012.
Application instructions may be obtained from the June 7,2012 Federal Register,
or by contacting a USDA Rural Development State Office.

USDA. through its Rural Development mission area, administers and manages
housing, business and community infrastructure and facility programs through a
national network of state and local offices.

LOAD-DATE: October 11, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Business

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: LMT

                      Copyright 2012 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
       Copyright 2012 The Lake Metigoshe Mirror (Bottineau, North Dakota)


                              3 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Brattleboro Reformer (Vermont)

                              June 25, 2012 Monday

USDA grants available to help rural businesses create jobs

BYLINE: Reformer Staff / Reformer Staff

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 256 words


Monday June 25, 2012

BRATTLEBORO -- The USDA is accepting applications for grants to help promote
sustainable economic development and job creation in rural communities.

USDA is offering Rural Cooperative Development Grants (RCDG) to non-profit
corporations and institutions of higher education. The grants also may be used
to conduct feasibility studies, create and implement business plans, and help
businesses develop new markets for their products and services.

One-year grants up to $175,000 are available. In most cases, grants may be used
to pay for up to 75 percent of the cost of establishing and operating rural
cooperative development centers. Recipients are required to match 25 percent of
the award amount. The grant period should begin no earlier than Oct. 1 and no
later than Jan. 1, 2013.

USDA may award up to $5.8 million in grants. The deadline for RCDG applications
is Aug. 6. For more information, see the June 7, Federal Register or contact the
USDA Rural Development state office.

In addition, USDA is offering almost $2.37 million in grants through USDA Rural
Development's Rural Business Opportunity Grant (RBOG). The program promotes
sustainable economic development in rural communities and regions with
exceptional needs.

Applications for Rural Business Opportunity Grants are due August 6. Application
instructions may be obtained from the June 7 Federal Register, or by contacting
the Vermont/New Hampshire USDA Rural Development State Office at 802-828-6000.
The Massachusetts office can be contacted at 800-670-6553.

LOAD-DATE: June 25, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


   Copyright 2012 MediaNews Group, Inc. and New England Newspaper Group Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              4 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                     Monroe County Appeal (Paris, Missouri)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                January 17, 2013

USDA Highlights 2012 Investments to Build Stronger Rural Communities;
Investment included monies to Ralls County

BYLINE: Monroe County Appeal staff

LENGTH: 932  words


Rural Development helps to invest more than $30 billion to strengthen rural
America

Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack recently issued a report highlighting USDA
Rural Development's fiscal year (FY) 2012 investments in job creation,
businesses, infrastructure and housing for Americans living in rural communities
across the nation.

"President Obama's plan for rural America has brought about historic investment
in rural communities that have made them stronger," Vilsack said. "Thanks to our
loan, grant and technical assistance programs, USDA Rural Development is helping
residents and rural enterprises thrive, and we are laying a strong foundation
for rural America's future."

With an active portfolio of more than $176 billion in loans and loan guarantees,
Rural Development has provided affordable housing, improved utility
infrastructure, and helped businesses and cooperatives create jobs, build rural
economies and increase the quality of life in rural areas. For a full copy of
the 2012 Progress Report, go to http://www.rurdev.usda.
gov/SupportDocuments/RDProgressReport-2012. pdf.

Missouri Rural Development State Director Janie Dunning stated, "The amounts
listed mean a return of taxpayer dollars to the states. In Missouri,
$992,406,000 was returned in the form of grants, loans and loan guarantees. This
is money directly assisting businesses to create or retain jobs and communities
to maintain quality of life for residents and visitors"

For example, in 2012, nearly 64,000 rural residents received new or better
access to broadband Internet service. Under the Rural Utilities Program, Rural
Development provided approximately $4.7 billion in electric loans, $173 million
in telecommunications loans and grants, and $1.4 billion in water and waste
disposal loan and grants.

Through its Community Facilities loan and grant program, Rural Development
provided more than $8.6 million to construct or improve 48 rural libraries, and
provided more than $888 million in assistance for 243 projects to improve the
delivery of health care for rural Americans. All told, Rural Development
provided more than $1.5 billion in community facilities loans and grants to
develop or improve essential facilities like these in rural areas.

In addition to the efforts to support education and health care, another key
aspect of the Community Facilities program is the ability to support emergency
responders. For example, Missouri Rural Development provided $417,680 to 25
entities; ambulance districts, cities, counties and villages; to improve first
responders' and emergency early warning systems' capability. Many of these
communities had no equipment or were without adequate equipment to protect lives
and properties during hazardous situations.

Rural Development is also the lead agency ensuring that rural families have
access to safe, well-built, affordable homes. In 2012, Rural Development helped
7,940 families with low-incomes obtain safe, affordable homes, providing
approximately $900.9 million in single-family direct subsidized loans. Under the
single-family guaranteed loan program, Rural Development helped more than
145,100 moderate-income families purchase single-family homes. More than 7,000
rural individuals or families were able to repair their homes under the home
repair loan and grant program.

In 2012, USDA Rural Development assisted more than 270,000 low- and
very-low-income families, who were able to live in safe, multi-family housing
thanks to $904.7 million in rental assistance to bring their rents to an
affordable level.

Rural Development also helped approximately 1,700 families move into new
apartment units through $122.6 million for low-income rental housing development
, $104.3 million in guaranteed loans for moderate-income rental housing
development, and $5.5 million for multi-family housing for farm workers and
their families.

Through Rural Development's business and cooperative loan, grant and technical
assistance programs, the agency helped about 9,700 rural small business owners
or farmers improve their enterprises in 2012. Business and cooperative program
funding created or saved more than 53,000 rural jobs in 2012. Rural Development
provided slightly more than $1 billion in Business and Industry loan guarantees,
$25.5 million in Rural Business Enterprise grants, $50.3 million in Rural
Economic Development loans and grants, $17.5 million in Intermediary Relending
Program loans, and $40.4 million in Value Added Producer Grants in 2012.

For example, a $1,000,000 Rural Economic Development Loan and $300,000 Rural
Economic Development Grant to Missouri's Ralls County Electric Cooperative is
facilitating the construction of a Higher Education Center in Hannibal, Missouri
by Moberly Area Community College (MACC). MACC is leveraging the Rural Economic
Development funds with a Federal Emergency Management Agency (FEMA) grant of
$1,275,240, a MACC contribution of $1,000,000, a Hannibal community contribution
of $900,918 and a Ralls County Electric Cooperative loan of $60,000.

The 16,890 square feet MACC Higher Education Center will house educational and
administrative space. Included in center will be classrooms, a library, student
lounge, faculty and staff offices and building support. The center will have the
latest in education-. al resources and technology. For additional information on
Rural Development projects, please visit Rural Development's new interactive web
map featuring program funding and success stories for the past four fiscal
years. The data can be found at: http://www.rurdev.
usda.gov/RDSuccessSto-ries.html.

LOAD-DATE: August 13, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Business

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: MCA

                      Copyright 2013 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                      Copyright 2013 Monroe County Appeal


                              5 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                 Farmers Weekly

                                  June 5, 2015

A guide to grants for dairy and livestock farmers

BYLINE: Simon Haley

SECTION: LIVESTOCK

LENGTH: 2226 words


Grant schemes round the UK

CAP reform has resulted in a shake-up of grant schemes. Farmers Weekly finds out
what is on offer for livestock producers

The Basic Payment Scheme may be the part of CAP reform that grabs all the
headlines, but the implantation of new rural development schemes across the UK
will also provide funding opportunities.

Simon Haley of Reading Agricultural Consultants, which specialises in rural
grant applications, and Abby Cook of Kite Consulting highlight some of the
current, and forthcoming, funding sources available across the UK.

England, Scotland and Wales

DairyCo economic consultancy scheme

î  The scheme offers Â£800-worth of consultancy support for dairy farmers who
have run into financial trouble on the back of the milk price cuts.
Qualification is if a business has suffered, or is about to experience, a â
sudden reductionâ  in income and is struggling to pay bills, stay within
borrowing limits or â  have no ideaâ  of their current financial position. This
offer was initially open to 30 April 2015, although this may be extended.

England

Leader funding

î  This is available to local businesses, communities, farmers, foresters and
land managers for projects that create jobs, help businesses to grow, and
benefit the rural economy. All projects must support one or more of the Leader
priorities, which include supporting micro and small businesses and farm
diversification; boosting rural tourism; increasing farm and forestry
productivity; and the provision of rural services and of cultural and heritage
activities.

Applications must be made to local action groups (LAGs) in summer 2015, with
grants expected at 40%. The money allocated will be available over the next four
years, so there will be other chances to apply.

<br />

Countryside productivity scheme

î  The first Â£5m tranche on offer is for innovative technology items, including
LED lighting, remote crop sensors and controlled atmosphere storage areas.

Grants are on offer to arable, horticultural and livestock farmers as well as
forestry contractors and woodland owners.

There are separate application forms for the small grant (Â£2,500-Â£35,000) and
the large grant (Â£35,000-Â£1m) at up to 40% of the total eligible costs of the
project. The deadline for the first round is 30 June 2015, with another round
expected in the autumn.

<br />

Growth programme

î  Applications can only be made in response to a â  call for applicationsâ  for
grant funding. The grants that are available will reflect the priorities set by
the 39 local enterprise partnerships that have European Agricultural Fund for
Rural Development (EAFRD) funding.

Grants will be targeted at business development, business start-ups, renewable
energy, small-scale tourism infrastructure, tourism co-operation, and food
processing, and rural broadband grants from 2016. The minimum size for business
development grants will be Â£35,000. Business start-up grants are limited to
between â ¬40,000 (Â£28,000) and â ¬70,000 (Â£50,000).

Successful applicants will usually need to demonstrate through their business
plan that they will be able to create at least two new jobs in order to score
well on value for money at appraisal.

Countryside Stewardship water capital grants

î  Formerly known as Catchment Sensitive Farming, the revised scheme offers
capital grants of up to Â£10,000 per holding for infrastructure works which will
help reduce water pollution from agriculture.

These grants are only available to economically viable small or medium-sized
farm businesses that have land in a Catchment Sensitive Farming target area.
While applications closed on 30 April, it is suggested there is likely to be
another round later this summer.

Scotland

Rural Development Programme

î  Scotlandâ  s Rural Development Programme (SRDP) 2014-20 is still subject to
European Commission approval, but the Leader element will support farm
diversification. Under the food processing, marketing and co-operation element
there will be business development grants to support enterprises in the food and
drink sector.

Wales

Rural Development Programme

î  Full approval of Walesâ   Rural Development Programme is not expected until
July, so the detail of diversification projects eligible for funding is not
clear. Potential areas under consideration include renewable energy and
processing. Another priority is enhancing competitiveness and farm viability.

Farming Connect

î  Farming Connect offers seminars that are fully funded and provide farmers
with an overview of farm diversification, together with information on specific
themes or sectors.

They are intended to give farmers a realistic overview of what is involved in
planning and developing a successful farm diversification project. Held at
different locations across Wales, each seminar lasts about two hours.

Northern Ireland

Rural Business Investment Scheme

î  The Rural Business Investment Scheme will offer support for the creation and
development of non-agricultural businesses, including farm diversifications.
Funding of up to 50% for private businesses and up to 75% for social economy
enterprises will be available. The maximum grant for new businesses is Â£50,000,
with an upper limit of Â£90,000 for existing businesses.

Agri-food Processing Investment Scheme

î  The Agri-food Processing Investment Scheme offers support for the
introduction of new technologies to develop new or improved products, including
the processing and marketing of local artisan and premium products. Funding of
up to 40% of the project costs is available, up to a maximum of Â£500,000.

A range of funding opportunities is available for livestock farmers.

how funding works

î  Millions of pounds have been allocated to schemes that will help improve the
environment, increase the productivity of farming and forestry and grow the
rural economy.

î  Applying for these schemes is the only way farmers can unlock the cash that
has been moved from Pillar 1 of the CAP (direct payments) to Pillar 2 (rural
development).

î  In addition to the RDPs, diversification grants are available from some
charitable bodies, such as the Princeâ  s Countryside Fund.

î  Farmers will also be able to apply to agri-environment schemes, such as
Countryside Stewardship in England or the Agri-Environment Climate Scheme in
Scotland.

[standfirst] The reform of the CAP has resulted in a shake-up of the grant
schemes open to farmers. So what is on offer for livestock producers? Farmers
Weekly reports The Basic Payment Scheme may be the part of CAP reform that grabs
all the headlines, but the implantation of new rural development schemes across
the UK will also provide funding opportunities.England, Scotland, Northern
Ireland and Wales have all had to devise a new Rural Development Programme (RDP)
to run from 2015 to 2020.Some of the detail is yet to be released, but millions
of pounds have been allocated to schemes that will help improve the environment,
increase the productivity of farming and forestry and grow the rural
economy.Applying for these schemes is the only way farmers can unlock the cash
that has been moved from Pillar 1 of the CAP (direct payments) to Pillar 2 (
rural development).In addition to the RDPs, diversification grants are available
from some charitable bodies, such as the Prince's Countryside Fund.Simon Haley
of Reading Agricultural Consultants, which specialises in rural grant
applications, and Abby Cook of Kite Consulting highlight some of the current,
and forthcoming, funding sources available across the UK.Farmers will also be
able to apply to agri-environment scheme, such as Countryside Stewardship in
England or the Agri-Environment Climate Scheme in Scotland.UKEngland, Scotland
and WalesDairyCo economic consultancy scheme The scheme offers
MSL_POUND800-worth of consultancy support for dairy farmers who have run into
financial trouble on the back of the milk price cuts. Qualification is if a
business has suffered, or is about to experience, a  sudden reduction  in income
and is struggling to pay bills, stay within borrowing limits or  have no idea
of their current financial position. This offer was initially open to 30 April
2015, although this may be extended.More information on the DairyCo Economic
Consultancy Scheme in PDF format.EnglandLEADER fundingThis is available to local
businesses, communities, farmers, foresters and land managers for projects that
create jobs, help businesses to grow, and benefit the rural economy. All
projects must support one or more of the LEADER priorities, which include
supporting micro and small businesses and farm diversification; boosting rural
tourism; increasing farm and forestry productivity; and the provision of rural
services and of cultural and heritage activities. Applications must be made to
local action groups (LAGs) in summer 2015, with grants expected at 40%.The money
allocated will last over the next four years, so there will be other chances to
apply.More information on England's LEADER fundingCountryside productivity
schemeThe first MSL_POUND5m tranche on offer is for innovative technology items,
including LED lighting, remote crop sensors and controlled atmosphere storage
areas. Grants are on offer to arable, horticultural and livestock farmers in
addition to forestry contractors and woodland owners. There are separate
application forms for the small grant (MSL_POUND2,500 to MSL_POUND35,000) and
the large grant (MSL_POUND35,000 to MSL_POUND1m) at up to 40% of the total
eligible costs of the project.The deadline for the first round of the
Countryside Productivity Scheme is 30 June 2015, with another round expected in
the autumn.More information on the Countryside Productivity SchemeGrowth
programmeApplications can only be made in response to a  call for applications
for grant funding. The grants that are available will reflect the priorities set
by the 39 LEPs that have European Agricultural Fund for Rural Development
(EAFRD) funding. Grants will be targeted at business development, business
start-ups, renewable energy, small-scale tourism infrastructure, tourism
co-operation, and food processing, and rural broadband grants from 2016. The
minimum size for business development grants will be MSL_POUND35,000. Business
start-up grants are limited to between  40,000 (MSL_POUND28,000) and  70,000
(MSL_POUND50,000). Successful applicants will usually need to demonstrate
through their business plan that they will be able to create at least two new
jobs, in order to score well on value for money at appraisal.More information on
the Growth programmeCountryside Stewardship water capital grantsFormerly known
as the Catchment Sensitive Farming scheme, the new scheme offers capital grants
of up to MSL_POUND10,000 per holding for infrastructure works which will help
reduce water pollution from agriculture. Applications closed on 30 April 2015.
These grants are only available to economically viable small or medium-sized
farm businesses that have land in a Catchment Sensitive Farming target area. It
is suggested there is likely to be another round of water capital grants later
this summer.More information on water capital grantsScotlandRural Development
ProgrammeScotland s Rural Development Programme (SRDP) 2014-20 is still subject
to European Commission approval, but the LEADER element will provide support for
farm diversification. Under the food processing, marketing and co-operation
element of the SRDP, there will also be business development grants to support
enterprises in the food and drink sector.More information on Scotland's Rural
Development ProgrammeWalesRural Development ProgrammeFull approval of Wales
Rural Development Programme is not expected until July, so the detail of
diversification projects eligible for funding is not yet clear. However,
potential areas under consideration include renewable energy and processing.
Another stated priority is enhancing competitiveness of all types of agriculture
and enhancing farm viability.More information on Wales' Rural Development
ProgrammeFarming ConnectFarming Connect offers seminars that are fully funded
and provide farmers with an overview of farm diversification, together with
information on specific themes or sectors. They are intended to give farmers a
realistic overview of what is involved in planning and developing a successful
farm diversification project. Held at different locations across Wales, each
seminar lasts for around two hours. More information on Farming Connect
eventsNorthern IrelandRural Business Investment SchemeThe Rural Business
Investment Scheme will offer support for the creation and development of
non-agricultural businesses, including farm diversifications. Funding of up to
50% for private businesses and up to 75% for Social Economy Enterprises will be
available. The maximum grant for new businesses is MSL_POUND50,000, with an
upper limit of MSL_POUND90,000 for existing businesses.Agri-food Processing
Investment SchemeAgri-food Processing Investment Scheme offers support for the
introduction of new technologies to develop new or improved products, including
the processing and marketing of local artisan and premium products. Funding of
up to 40% of the project costs is available, up to a maximum of
MSL_POUND500,000.More information on Northern Ireland's Rural Development
Programme

ï»¿

LOAD-DATE: June 9, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Magazine


                 Copyright 2015 Reed Business Information Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              6 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             August 6, 2013 Tuesday

Utah: USDA Announces Funding To Create Jobs, Aid Business and Boost the Economy
in Rural Areas

LENGTH: 1062  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Department of Agriculture, The State of Utah has issued the following news
release:

Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack announced today that projects in 17 states and
the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico will receive loan and grant assistance to create
jobs and boost economic development in rural areas. The U.S. Department of
Agriculture (USDA) remains focused on carrying out its mission, despite a time
of significant budget uncertainty. Today's announcement is one part of the
Department's efforts to strengthen the rural economy. Rural Business-Cooperative
Service Administrator Lillian Salerno made the announcement on Vilsack's behalf
while attending the National Veterans Small Business Conference in St. Louis.

"The Obama Administration is committed to building strong rural economies, and
helping veterans find jobs that will support their families," Salerno said. "The
funding we are announcing today reflects the Administration's commitment to
provide economic opportunity for residents and businesses in rural communities,
including those here in Missouri."

Today's announcement involves funding provided through three USDA economic
development programs: the Intermediary Relending Program, the Rural Economic
Development Loan and Grant Program, and the Rural Business Opportunity Grant
Program.

Intermediary Relending Program funds are awarded to community-based development
or regional planning groups that then re-lend the money at a low interest rate
to local businesses. The loans must be used to create or retain jobs by starting
or expanding businesses. Since President Obama took office, this program has
created or saved approximately 40,000 jobs.

For example, the Justine Petersen Housing and Reinvestment Corporation, a
community development and investment firm in St. Louis, was selected to receive
a $750,000 loan to establish a revolving, low-interest loan fund for small
businesses in rural areas throughout Missouri. The projects assisted through the
loan fund are expected to create more than 130 jobs.

USDA's Rural Economic Development Loan and Grant (REDLG) program provides
zero-interest loans and grants to local utilities which then, in turn, lend the
funds to local businesses (ultimate recipients) for projects that will create
and retain employment in rural areas. The program funds business start-up or
expansion, business incubators, education and training facilities and equipment,
community development assistance, health care, and other community projects that
support rural jobs. Since the start of the Obama Administration, the REDLG
program has helped create or save an estimated 25,000 rural jobs, provided $200
million in economic development assistance, improved manufacturing capability,
expanded health care and educational facilities, and has either expanded or
helped establish more than 900 rural businesses and community projects.

Midwest Energy, Inc., in Hays, Kan., is receiving a $167,000 economic
development grant to build an addition for the fire station in Grainfield. The
addition will include four bays, a training room, an office, restrooms with
showers, and a mechanical area. Expanding the facility will ensure that
Grainfield's firefighters have adequate space and equipment to respond to
emergencies within its more than 115-square-mile service area.

Rural Business Opportunity Grants (RBOG) are provided to promote sustainable
economic development in rural communities with exceptional needs. Since the
start of the Obama Administration, $13 million in these grants have been
provided to help more than 430 business and community projects in economically
stressed rural communities find new opportunities for growth. The projects have
created more than 2,830 jobs. Rural Development will announce additional RBOG
recipients later this year.

For example, in Bismarck, N.D., the Center for Technology and Business will use
a $25,000 grant to help business owners in Bowman and Dickinson master the use
of web applications, social media and other online information technology for
their business operations.

Today's recipients will receive nearly $13 million in loans and grants. The
funding is contingent upon the recipients meeting the terms of the loan or grant
agreement. In addition to Puerto Rico and the states of Missouri, Kansas, and
North Dakota, other states receiving funding include: Calif., Conn., Minn.,
N.C., N.Y., Ohio, Ky., S.C., S.D., Va., Vt., W.Va., Wash. and Wis. View the list
of recipients.

Administrator Salerno said today's announcement is another reminder of the
importance of USDA programs for rural America. She said a comprehensive new
Food, Farm and Jobs Bill would further expand the rural economy, and that's just
one reason why Congress must get a comprehensive Bill done as soon as possible.

President Obama's plan for rural America has brought about historic investment
and resulted in stronger rural communities. Under the President's leadership,
these investments in housing, community facilities, businesses and
infrastructure have empowered rural America to continue leading the way -
strengthening America's economy, small towns and rural communities.

USDA's investments in rural communities support the rural way of life that
stands as the backbone of our American values. President Obama and Agriculture
Secretary Vilsack are committed to a smarter use of Federal resources to foster
sustainable economic prosperity and ensure the government is a strong partner
for businesses, entrepreneurs and working families in rural communities.

USDA, through its Rural Development mission area, has a portfolio of programs
designed to improve the economic stability of rural communities, businesses,
residents, farmers and ranchers and improve the quality of life in rural
America. USDA has made a concerted effort to deliver results for the American
people, even as the Department implements sequestration - the across-the-board
budget reductions mandated under terms of the Budget Control Act.

USDA has already undertaken historic efforts since 2009 to save more than $828
million in taxpayer funds through targeted, common-sense budget reductions.
These reductions have put USDA in a better position to carry out its mission,
while implementing sequester budget reductions in a fair manner that causes as
little disruption as possible.

For further information please visit: http://www.usda.gov/

LOAD-DATE: August 7, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              7 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            August 7, 2013 Wednesday

USDA Announces Funding To Create Jobs, Aid Business and Boost the Economy in
Rural Areas

LENGTH: 1069  words

DATELINE: Washington


US Department of Agriculture, The Government of USA has issued the following
news release:

ST. LOUIS, Mo., August 6, 2013 - Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack announced
today that projects in 17 states and the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico will
receive loan and grant assistance to create jobs and boost economic development
in rural areas. The U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA) remains focused on
carrying out its mission, despite a time of significant budget uncertainty.
Today's announcement is one part of the Department's efforts to strengthen the
rural economy. Rural Business-Cooperative Service Administrator Lillian Salerno
made the announcement on Vilsack's behalf while attending the National Veterans
Small Business Conference in St. Louis.

"The Obama Administration is committed to building strong rural economies, and
helping veterans find jobs that will support their families," Salerno said. "The
funding we are announcing today reflects the Administration's commitment to
provide economic opportunity for residents and businesses in rural communities,
including those here in Missouri."

Today's announcement involves funding provided through three USDA economic
development programs: the Intermediary Relending Program, the Rural Economic
Development Loan and Grant Program, and the Rural Business Opportunity Grant
Program.

Intermediary Relending Program funds are awarded to community-based development
or regional planning groups that then re-lend the money at a low interest rate
to local businesses. The loans must be used to create or retain jobs by starting
or expanding businesses. Since President Obama took office, this program has
created or saved approximately 40,000 jobs.

For example, the Justine Petersen Housing and Reinvestment Corporation, a
community development and investment firm in St. Louis, was selected to receive
a $750,000 loan to establish a revolving, low-interest loan fund for small
businesses in rural areas throughout Missouri. The projects assisted through the
loan fund are expected to create more than 130 jobs.

USDA's Rural Economic Development Loan and Grant (REDLG) program provides
zero-interest loans and grants to local utilities which then, in turn, lend the
funds to local businesses (ultimate recipients) for projects that will create
and retain employment in rural areas. The program funds business start-up or
expansion, business incubators, education and training facilities and equipment,
community development assistance, health care, and other community projects that
support rural jobs. Since the start of the Obama Administration, the REDLG
program has helped create or save an estimated 25,000 rural jobs, provided $200
million in economic development assistance, improved manufacturing capability,
expanded health care and educational facilities, and has either expanded or
helped establish more than 900 rural businesses and community projects.

Midwest Energy, Inc., in Hays, Kan., is receiving a $167,000 economic
development grant to build an addition for the fire station in Grainfield. The
addition will include four bays, a training room, an office, restrooms with
showers, and a mechanical area. Expanding the facility will ensure that
Grainfield's firefighters have adequate space and equipment to respond to
emergencies within its more than 115-square-mile service area.

Rural Business Opportunity Grants (RBOG) are provided to promote sustainable
economic development in rural communities with exceptional needs. Since the
start of the Obama Administration, $13 million in these grants have been
provided to help more than 430 business and community projects in economically
stressed rural communities find new opportunities for growth. The projects have
created more than 2,830 jobs. Rural Development will announce additional RBOG
recipients later this year.

For example, in Bismarck, N.D., the Center for Technology and Business will use
a $25,000 grant to help business owners in Bowman and Dickinson master the use
of web applications, social media and other online information technology for
their business operations.

Today's recipients will receive nearly $13 million in loans and grants. The
funding is contingent upon the recipients meeting the terms of the loan or grant
agreement. In addition to Puerto Rico and the states of Missouri, Kansas, and
North Dakota, other states receiving funding include: Calif., Conn., Minn.,
N.C., N.Y., Ohio, Ky., S.C., S.D., Va., Vt., W.Va., Wash. and Wis. View the list
of recipients.

Administrator Salerno said today's announcement is another reminder of the
importance of USDA programs for rural America. She said a comprehensive new
Food, Farm and Jobs Bill would further expand the rural economy, and that's just
one reason why Congress must get a comprehensive Bill done as soon as possible.

President Obama's plan for rural America has brought about historic investment
and resulted in stronger rural communities. Under the President's leadership,
these investments in housing, community facilities, businesses and
infrastructure have empowered rural America to continue leading the way -
strengthening America's economy, small towns and rural communities.

USDA's investments in rural communities support the rural way of life that
stands as the backbone of our American values. President Obama and Agriculture
Secretary Vilsack are committed to a smarter use of Federal resources to foster
sustainable economic prosperity and ensure the government is a strong partner
for businesses, entrepreneurs and working families in rural communities.

USDA, through its Rural Development mission area, has a portfolio of programs
designed to improve the economic stability of rural communities, businesses,
residents, farmers and ranchers and improve the quality of life in rural
America. USDA has made a concerted effort to deliver results for the American
people, even as the Department implements sequestration - the across-the-board
budget reductions mandated under terms of the Budget Control Act.

USDA has already undertaken historic efforts since 2009 to save more than $828
million in taxpayer funds through targeted, common-sense budget reductions.
These reductions have put USDA in a better position to carry out its mission,
while implementing sequester budget reductions in a fair manner that causes as
little disruption as possible.

For more information please visit: http://www.usda.gov

LOAD-DATE: August 8, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              8 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            Newton Daily News, Iowa

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                             August 3, 2015 Monday

Rural Iowa gets $4.9M boost to help with economic development

BYLINE: Newton Daily News, Iowa

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 460 words


Aug. 03--DES MONIES -- Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack earlier this week
announced loans and grants for 92 projects worth $18.1 million to help support
the start-up or expansion of rural small businesses. These funds are part of
more than 20,000 grants and loans to more than 85,000 rural businesses USDA's
Rural Business-Cooperative Service has awarded since the start of the Obama
administration.

"I am proud of the work USDA has done to help small businesses grow in rural
America because they are the engine that creates jobs," Vilsack said. "These
funds will allow small and emerging businesses and the organizations that
support them to get the financing they need to strengthen their operations,
create jobs and expand economic opportunities. Thanks to the 2014 Farm Bill, we
can continue this work in a more streamlined and efficient way to benefit small
businesses and the American taxpayer."

USDA is awarding the funds through the Rural Economic Development Loan and Grant
(REDLG) program, the Intermediary Relending Program (IRP) and the Rural Business
Development Grant (RBDG) program.

USDA provides grants or zero-interest loans through the REDLG program to
utilities that in turn fund projects to create and retain employment in rural
areas.

Vilsack announced $11.7 million in REDLG loans and grants for 18 recipients.

Projects in Iowa include:

Central Iowa Power Cooperative -- $2,000,000 loan to expand Co-Line Welding.

Orange City Municipal Electric Utility -- $1,760,000 loan to help Orange City
Area Health Foundation expand its retirement community.

Western Iowa Power Cooperative -- $250,000 grant to help Burgess Health Center
construct a medically oriented gym.

Minburn Telephone Company -- $300,000 grant to create a revolving loan fund.

North West Rural Electric Cooperative -- $300,000 grant to renovate Hawarden
Community

Hospital City of Pocahontas -- $300,000 grant to renovate an elementary school.

The funding for awardees is contingent upon the recipients meeting the terms of
the loan and grant agreements.

USDA Rural Development's funding continues to have a dramatic impact on rural
communities across Iowa. Since 2009, USDA Rural Development has invested more
than $3 billion on essential public facilities, small and emerging businesses,
water and sewer systems, and housing opportunities for Iowa families.

This past year USDA Rural Development's investment in Iowa helped create or
retain more than 1,000 jobs, aided 2,400 families in buying their own homes and
assisted more than 50 communities as they made improvements to their facilities,
services and infrastructure.

___ (c)2015 the Newton Daily News (Newton, Iowa) Visit the Newton Daily News
(Newton, Iowa) at www.newtondailynews.com Distributed by Tribune Content Agency,
LLC.

LOAD-DATE: August 4, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20150803-1NI-Rural-Iowa-gets-4.9M-boost-to-help-with-economic-
development-0803-20150803

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1NI


                     Copyright 2015 Newton Daily News, Iowa


                              9 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             May 14, 2015 Thursday

New Hampshire: Rural Business Development Grants Are Available

LENGTH: 712  words

DATELINE: Concord


NewEngland Propane Gas Association has issued the following news release:

More than $28 million is expected to be available under the Rural Business
Development Grant (RBDG) program. The program's purpose is to assist businesses
in creating jobs. Eligible applicants include public bodies, government
entities, Indian tribes and nonprofit organizations. RBDG grants can be used to
acquire or develop land, buildings, plants and equipment; build or improve
access roads, parking areas, utility extensions, and water and waste disposal
facilities; provide technical assistance; establish revolving loan funds; and to
support rural distance learning programs that provide educational or job
training. RBDG is a competitive grant designed to support targeted technical
assistance, training and other activities leading to the development or
expansion of small and emerging private businesses in rural areas that have
fewer than 50 employees and less than $1 million in gross revenues. Programmatic
activities are separated into enterprise or opportunity type grant activities.
Those who are eligible for these grants include rural public entities including,
but not limited to: towns, communities, state agencies, authorities, non-profit
corporations, institutions of higher education, federally recognized tribes and
rural cooperatives. RBDG funds must be directed for projects benefitting rural
areas or towns outside the urbanized periphery of any city with a population of
50,000 or more. There is no maximum grant amount for enterprise type grants;
however, smaller requests are given higher priority. Generally, grants range
from $10,000 up to $500,000. There is no cost-sharing requirement. Opportunity
type grant funding is limited to a maximum award of $50,000 for unreserved
funds. Total opportunity type grant funding is limited statutorily to up to 10
percent of the total RBDG annual funding. Enterprise type grant funds must be
used on projects to benefit small and emerging businesses in rural areas as
specified in the grant application. Uses may include: training and technical
assistance, such as project planning, business counseling/training, market
research, feasibility studies, professional/technical reports, or
product/service improvements; acquisition or development of land, easements, or
rights of way; construction, conversion, renovation, of buildings, plants,
machinery, equipment, access streets and roads, parking areas, utilities,
Pollution control and abatement Capitalization of revolving loan funds including
funds that will make loans for start-ups and working capital Distance adult
learning for job training and advancement Rural transportation improvement
Community economic development Technology-based economic development Feasibility
studies and business plans Leadership and entrepreneur training Rural business
incubators Long-term business strategic planning Opportunity type grant funding
must be used for projects in rural areas and they can be used for: Community
economic development Technology-based economic development Feasibility studies
and business plans Leadership and entrepreneur training Rural business
incubators Long-term business strategic planning RBDG applications compete at
the state office level, which are dependent on appropriations. All applications
are evaluated based on: Evidence showing job creation to occur with local
businesses Percent of nonfederal funding committed to the project Economic need
in the area to be served Consistency with local economic development priorities
Experience of the grantee with similar efforts and Other factors described in
the current Notice of Solicitation of Applications (NOSA) if one is published.
This program is governed by Basic Program - 7 CFR Part 4280, Subpart E. It is
authorized by the Consolidated Farm and Rural Development Act (ConAct) This
program provides grants for rural projects that finance and facilitate
development of small and emerging rural businesses help fund distance learning
networks, and help fund employment related adult education programs. To assist
with business development, RBDGs may fund a broad array of activities.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: May 15, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              10 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          September 25, 2014 Thursday

Nevada: USDA Announces $59 Million in Loans and Grants to Increase Economic
Opportunity, Support Rural Microenterprise Development

LENGTH: 887  words

DATELINE: Carson City


The State of Nevada has issued the following news release:

USDA Rural Development Acting Under Secretary Doug O'Brien today announced the
selection of 85 utilities and development organizations for loans and grants to
support rural business activities that will boost economic growth in rural
communities.

"These USDA investments capitalize rural small businesses, which allows the
owners to expand operations, enter into new markets and increase hiring,"
O'Brien said. "The investments we are announcing today include financing to
development organizations for microlending to very small rural businesses. Funds
are also being provided to utilities to pass on to local businesses for
development projects. These innovative programs increase economic opportunities
in rural areas - a top priority of Secretary Vilsack and President Obama."

O'Brien announced the rural business investments while in Kentucky with Governor
Steve Beshear, Congressman Hal Rogers, and the executive board of Shaping Our
Appalachian Region (SOAR)This is an external link or third-party site outside of
the United States Department of Agriculture (USDA) website. to discuss
investment opportunities in eastern Kentucky, including Promise Zones and
regional SOAR initiatives.

Funds are being provided through the Rural Economic Development Loan and Grant
Program (REDLG) and the Rural Microentrepreneur Assistance Program (RMAP). Under
the REDLG program, USDA provides zero-interest loans to local utilities which
then, in turn, relend the funds to local businesses (ultimate recipients) for
projects that will create and retain employment in rural areas. The program
funds business start-up or expansion, business incubators, education and
training facilities and equipment, community development assistance, health care
and other projects that support rural jobs.

Under RMAP, USDA provides loans to Microenterprise Development Organizations
(MDOs) that, in turn, make microloans for business start-up or development to
eligible microentrepreneurs defined as very small businesses with 10 or fewer
employees. Grants are available for MDOs to provide technical assistance and
training, particularly in rural areas experiencing persistent poverty or
significant outmigration. USDA does not directly provide funds to the ultimate
recipients.

The Rural Microentrepreneur Assistance Program was created under the 2008 Farm
Bill and recently reauthorized through the 2014 Farm Bill.

The Kentucky Highlands Investment Corporation is receiving a $500,000 RMAP loan
to capitalize a revolving loan fund to provide microloans to very small
businesses in 19 counties designated by the Appalachian Regional Commission as
distressed communities. The Kentucky Highlands Investment Corporation is the
lead organization carrying out the state's Promise Zone initiative. Its Promise
Zone work was made possible through the financial support from USDA.

MEDI, Inc., is receiving a $400,000 RMAP loan and $100,000 RMAP grant to serve
as a microlender and technical assistance provider for very small rural
businesses throughout Kentucky.

Since the start of the Obama Administration, Rural Development has invested more
than $4.4 billion in Kentucky. The agency is targeting assistance to persistent
poverty areas in Appalachian Kentucky through the USDA StrikeForce Initiative
for Rural Growth and Opportunity, and will continue its work with Governor
Beshear and his staff, the Kentucky Congressional Delegation, other federal
agencies, SOAR officials and community leaders throughout the region to benefit
rural communities in the impacted areas.

At the national level, the USDA investments are meeting a wide variety of
business and manufacturing needs across rural America. For example, in South
Carolina, the Santee Electric Cooperative is receiving a $1 million Rural
Economic Development loan to support the local "Help My House program," which
makes energy efficiency improvements in the rural areas of Williamsburg,
Georgetown, Clarendon and Florence Counties. The Nodak Electric Cooperative in
North Dakota is receiving a $775,000 Rural Economic Development loan to help S&S
Grain, Inc. purchase and renovate a building in Walhalla, N.D., for grain
drying, handling and storage.

The Rural Economic Development Loan and Grant program directly supports the
Obama Administration's Investing in Manufacturing Communities Partnership (IMCP)
initiative to boost the manufacturing sector and create well-paying
manufacturing jobs, using economic development resources available through
existing Federal programs.

Through today's announcement, USDA is providing over $59 million in loans and
grants to 85 organizations in 31 states, including the District of Columbia, to
strengthen rural businesses and promote economic development. The funding is
contingent upon the recipients meeting the terms of their loan or grant
agreements.

President Obama's historic investments in rural America have made our rural
communities stronger. Under his leadership, these investments in housing,
community facilities, businesses and infrastructure have empowered rural America
to continue leading the way - strengthening America's economy, small towns and
rural communities.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.come

LOAD-DATE: September 25, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              11 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          September 25, 2014 Thursday

Nevada: USDA Announces $59 Million in Loans and Grants to Increase Economic
Opportunity, Support Rural Microenterprise Development

LENGTH: 887  words

DATELINE: Carson City


The State of Nevada has issued the following news release:

USDA Rural Development Acting Under Secretary Doug O'Brien today announced the
selection of 85 utilities and development organizations for loans and grants to
support rural business activities that will boost economic growth in rural
communities.

"These USDA investments capitalize rural small businesses, which allows the
owners to expand operations, enter into new markets and increase hiring,"
O'Brien said. "The investments we are announcing today include financing to
development organizations for microlending to very small rural businesses. Funds
are also being provided to utilities to pass on to local businesses for
development projects. These innovative programs increase economic opportunities
in rural areas - a top priority of Secretary Vilsack and President Obama."

O'Brien announced the rural business investments while in Kentucky with Governor
Steve Beshear, Congressman Hal Rogers, and the executive board of Shaping Our
Appalachian Region (SOAR)This is an external link or third-party site outside of
the United States Department of Agriculture (USDA) website. to discuss
investment opportunities in eastern Kentucky, including Promise Zones and
regional SOAR initiatives.

Funds are being provided through the Rural Economic Development Loan and Grant
Program (REDLG) and the Rural Microentrepreneur Assistance Program (RMAP). Under
the REDLG program, USDA provides zero-interest loans to local utilities which
then, in turn, relend the funds to local businesses (ultimate recipients) for
projects that will create and retain employment in rural areas. The program
funds business start-up or expansion, business incubators, education and
training facilities and equipment, community development assistance, health care
and other projects that support rural jobs.

Under RMAP, USDA provides loans to Microenterprise Development Organizations
(MDOs) that, in turn, make microloans for business start-up or development to
eligible microentrepreneurs defined as very small businesses with 10 or fewer
employees. Grants are available for MDOs to provide technical assistance and
training, particularly in rural areas experiencing persistent poverty or
significant outmigration. USDA does not directly provide funds to the ultimate
recipients.

The Rural Microentrepreneur Assistance Program was created under the 2008 Farm
Bill and recently reauthorized through the 2014 Farm Bill.

The Kentucky Highlands Investment Corporation is receiving a $500,000 RMAP loan
to capitalize a revolving loan fund to provide microloans to very small
businesses in 19 counties designated by the Appalachian Regional Commission as
distressed communities. The Kentucky Highlands Investment Corporation is the
lead organization carrying out the state's Promise Zone initiative. Its Promise
Zone work was made possible through the financial support from USDA.

MEDI, Inc., is receiving a $400,000 RMAP loan and $100,000 RMAP grant to serve
as a microlender and technical assistance provider for very small rural
businesses throughout Kentucky.

Since the start of the Obama Administration, Rural Development has invested more
than $4.4 billion in Kentucky. The agency is targeting assistance to persistent
poverty areas in Appalachian Kentucky through the USDA StrikeForce Initiative
for Rural Growth and Opportunity, and will continue its work with Governor
Beshear and his staff, the Kentucky Congressional Delegation, other federal
agencies, SOAR officials and community leaders throughout the region to benefit
rural communities in the impacted areas.

At the national level, the USDA investments are meeting a wide variety of
business and manufacturing needs across rural America. For example, in South
Carolina, the Santee Electric Cooperative is receiving a $1 million Rural
Economic Development loan to support the local "Help My House program," which
makes energy efficiency improvements in the rural areas of Williamsburg,
Georgetown, Clarendon and Florence Counties. The Nodak Electric Cooperative in
North Dakota is receiving a $775,000 Rural Economic Development loan to help S&S
Grain, Inc. purchase and renovate a building in Walhalla, N.D., for grain
drying, handling and storage.

The Rural Economic Development Loan and Grant program directly supports the
Obama Administration's Investing in Manufacturing Communities Partnership (IMCP)
initiative to boost the manufacturing sector and create well-paying
manufacturing jobs, using economic development resources available through
existing Federal programs.

Through today's announcement, USDA is providing over $59 million in loans and
grants to 85 organizations in 31 states, including the District of Columbia, to
strengthen rural businesses and promote economic development. The funding is
contingent upon the recipients meeting the terms of their loan or grant
agreements.

President Obama's historic investments in rural America have made our rural
communities stronger. Under his leadership, these investments in housing,
community facilities, businesses and infrastructure have empowered rural America
to continue leading the way - strengthening America's economy, small towns and
rural communities.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.come

LOAD-DATE: September 25, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              12 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          September 25, 2014 Thursday

Nevada: USDA Announces $59 Million in Loans and Grants to Increase Economic
Opportunity, Support Rural Microenterprise Development

LENGTH: 887  words

DATELINE: Carson City


The State of Nevada has issued the following news release:

USDA Rural Development Acting Under Secretary Doug O'Brien today announced the
selection of 85 utilities and development organizations for loans and grants to
support rural business activities that will boost economic growth in rural
communities.

"These USDA investments capitalize rural small businesses, which allows the
owners to expand operations, enter into new markets and increase hiring,"
O'Brien said. "The investments we are announcing today include financing to
development organizations for microlending to very small rural businesses. Funds
are also being provided to utilities to pass on to local businesses for
development projects. These innovative programs increase economic opportunities
in rural areas - a top priority of Secretary Vilsack and President Obama."

O'Brien announced the rural business investments while in Kentucky with Governor
Steve Beshear, Congressman Hal Rogers, and the executive board of Shaping Our
Appalachian Region (SOAR)This is an external link or third-party site outside of
the United States Department of Agriculture (USDA) website. to discuss
investment opportunities in eastern Kentucky, including Promise Zones and
regional SOAR initiatives.

Funds are being provided through the Rural Economic Development Loan and Grant
Program (REDLG) and the Rural Microentrepreneur Assistance Program (RMAP). Under
the REDLG program, USDA provides zero-interest loans to local utilities which
then, in turn, relend the funds to local businesses (ultimate recipients) for
projects that will create and retain employment in rural areas. The program
funds business start-up or expansion, business incubators, education and
training facilities and equipment, community development assistance, health care
and other projects that support rural jobs.

Under RMAP, USDA provides loans to Microenterprise Development Organizations
(MDOs) that, in turn, make microloans for business start-up or development to
eligible microentrepreneurs defined as very small businesses with 10 or fewer
employees. Grants are available for MDOs to provide technical assistance and
training, particularly in rural areas experiencing persistent poverty or
significant outmigration. USDA does not directly provide funds to the ultimate
recipients.

The Rural Microentrepreneur Assistance Program was created under the 2008 Farm
Bill and recently reauthorized through the 2014 Farm Bill.

The Kentucky Highlands Investment Corporation is receiving a $500,000 RMAP loan
to capitalize a revolving loan fund to provide microloans to very small
businesses in 19 counties designated by the Appalachian Regional Commission as
distressed communities. The Kentucky Highlands Investment Corporation is the
lead organization carrying out the state's Promise Zone initiative. Its Promise
Zone work was made possible through the financial support from USDA.

MEDI, Inc., is receiving a $400,000 RMAP loan and $100,000 RMAP grant to serve
as a microlender and technical assistance provider for very small rural
businesses throughout Kentucky.

Since the start of the Obama Administration, Rural Development has invested more
than $4.4 billion in Kentucky. The agency is targeting assistance to persistent
poverty areas in Appalachian Kentucky through the USDA StrikeForce Initiative
for Rural Growth and Opportunity, and will continue its work with Governor
Beshear and his staff, the Kentucky Congressional Delegation, other federal
agencies, SOAR officials and community leaders throughout the region to benefit
rural communities in the impacted areas.

At the national level, the USDA investments are meeting a wide variety of
business and manufacturing needs across rural America. For example, in South
Carolina, the Santee Electric Cooperative is receiving a $1 million Rural
Economic Development loan to support the local "Help My House program," which
makes energy efficiency improvements in the rural areas of Williamsburg,
Georgetown, Clarendon and Florence Counties. The Nodak Electric Cooperative in
North Dakota is receiving a $775,000 Rural Economic Development loan to help S&S
Grain, Inc. purchase and renovate a building in Walhalla, N.D., for grain
drying, handling and storage.

The Rural Economic Development Loan and Grant program directly supports the
Obama Administration's Investing in Manufacturing Communities Partnership (IMCP)
initiative to boost the manufacturing sector and create well-paying
manufacturing jobs, using economic development resources available through
existing Federal programs.

Through today's announcement, USDA is providing over $59 million in loans and
grants to 85 organizations in 31 states, including the District of Columbia, to
strengthen rural businesses and promote economic development. The funding is
contingent upon the recipients meeting the terms of their loan or grant
agreements.

President Obama's historic investments in rural America have made our rural
communities stronger. Under his leadership, these investments in housing,
community facilities, businesses and infrastructure have empowered rural America
to continue leading the way - strengthening America's economy, small towns and
rural communities.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.come

LOAD-DATE: September 25, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              13 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                 Republican & Herald (Pottsville, Pennsylvania)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             July 2, 2008 Wednesday

Frackville grant to facilitate downtown work

BYLINE: Leslie Richardson, Republican & Herald, Pottsville, Pa.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 524 words


Jul. 2--FRACKVILLE -- The borough received $50,000 Tuesday to help attract
business to the downtown area.

The borough will use the U.S. Department of Agriculture Rural Development grant
funds to put into play ideas and concepts outlined in a 2006 revitalization and
marketing study done to determine the resources available to promote economic
development in the central business district along routes 61 and 924.

"We are trying to build up Frackville from the infrastructure inside and working
its way out," borough council President Stephen Bobiak said Tuesday. "We are
trying to get more people to move back and move businesses back in here, and to
do that we need to start with the downtown."

U.S. Rep. Tim Holden, D-17, was instrumental in helping the borough attain the
funds.

"Tim is a rural congressman and he doesn't forget the rural area," state Sen.
James J. Rhoades, R-29, said Tuesday.

Council members said the grant will be used to attract new businesses, retain
existing businesses and create other economic development initiatives.

One way the council hopes to improve the infrastructure of the area is by
resolving the parking problems in the downtown area that have impeded
revitalization.

The money will also be used to assist existing businesses with revitalization
and expansion plans; attract new businesses to the borough; and coordinate with
the Schuylkill County Planning Commission, Schuylkill Economic Development
Corporation, Frackville Business and Professional Association and other
organizations in development efforts.

The council hopes to increase the tax base, stimulate private investment and
improve quality of life for residents and businesses of Frackville.

Bobiak thanked council members for their forward thinking and motivation in
seeking out funding.

The Rural Business Enterprise Grant program offers grants to public bodies,
nonprofit corporations and federally recognized Indian tribal groups to finance
and facilitate development or small businesses in rural areas.

Grant funds may be used for acquisition and development of land and construction
of buildings, plants, and equipment, access streets and roads, parking areas and
utility and service extensions; revolving loan funds; and fees for professional
services or technical assistance.

Frackville has received three grants from Rural Development over the past few
years to improve the business district.

The first grant was used in 2006 to complete the revitalization and marketing
study.

The 2007 grant was used for streetscape improvements.

Holden said similar grants have been given in the past to Mahanoy City,
Shenandoah, and Ashland.

INFO BOX

USDA Rural Development

Contact Local Office 610-791-9810

www.rurdev.usda.gov

To see more of the Republican & Herald or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.republicanherald.com. Copyright (c) 2008, Republican & Herald,
Pottsville, Pa. Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For
reprints, email tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or
847-635-6550, send a fax to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group
Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave., Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: November 21, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20080702-RN-Frackville-grant-to-facilitate-downtown-work-0702

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: RN


                                 Copyright 2008


                              14 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Deming Headlight (New Mexico)

                             April 26, 2010 Monday

USDA Business Grant application deadline approaches

BYLINE: For the Headlight

SECTION: LOCAL

LENGTH: 480 words


For the Headlight

ALBUQUERQUE - USDA Rural Development State Director Terry Brunner announced that
USDA-RD is accepting applications for business grant funding to help promote
sustainable economic development in rural areas.

"Nurturing economic development is important to our rural communities," said
Brunner. "The grant funds will provide assistance to rural businesses and build
stronger communities in rural New Mexico."

The funding is provided through two grant programs administered by USDA Rural
Development's Rural Business Cooperative Program. The Rural Business Enterprise
Grant (RBEG) program finances and facilitates development of small and emerging
private business enterprises, and the Rural Business Opportunity Grant (RBOG)
program provides funds for technical assistance and planning activities to
improve economic conditions. Any project funded under either of these programs
must be located in any area other than a city or town that has a population of
greater than 50,000 inhabitants. In both programs, successful applicants use
funding to help private businesses.

RBEG funds can be used to finance or develop small and emerging business,
including technical assistance, such as providing assistance for marketing
studies, feasibility studies, business plans, and training. Funds can also be
used to purchase machinery and equipment to lease to a small business, or it can
be used to create a revolving loan fund to provide partial funding as a loan to
a small business for the purchase of equipment, working capital, or real estate,
or to construct a building for a business incubator for small and emerging
businesses. A grant request of less than a $100,000 receives priority.
Applications must be received at the Rural Development State Office, 6200
Jefferson NE, Albuquerque, New Mexico 87109, by May 5, 2010 at 4:30 p.m.

RBOG funds are used primarily for training and technical assistance. This
program provides funds for the development of export markets, feasibility
studies, development of long term trade strategies, community economic
development planning, business training, business-based technical assistance for
rural entrepreneurs and business managers, establishment of rural business
incubators and assistance with technology-based economic development.

The maximum RBOG request is $250,000 per application. Applications must be
received at the Rural Development State Office, 6200 Jefferson NE, Albuquerque,
New Mexico 87109, by June 28, 2010 at 4 p.m.

Applications for the RBOG-Native American set-aside will also be accepted until
June 28, 2010 at 4 p.m.

Those interested in applying for this funding are urged to discuss projects with
USDA-RD Business and Cooperative Programs well in advance of the deadline dates.
Potential applicants and others interested in the programs can reach the
business programs office in Albuquerque at (505)761-4953.

LOAD-DATE: January 20, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


          Copyright 2010 Deming Headlight, a MediaNews Group Newspaper
                              All Rights Reserved


                              15 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           September 26, 2014 Friday

Washington: USDA Announces $59 Million in Loans and Grants to Increase Economic
Opportunity, Support Rural Microenterprise Development

LENGTH: 892  words

DATELINE: Washington


US Department of Agriculture, The Government of USA has issued the following
news release:

USDA Rural Development Acting Under Secretary Doug O'Brien today announced the
selection of 85 utilities and development organizations for loans and grants to
support rural business activities that will boost economic growth in rural
communities.

"These USDA investments capitalize rural small businesses, which allows the
owners to expand operations, enter into new markets and increase hiring,"
O'Brien said. "The investments we are announcing today include financing to
development organizations for microlending to very small rural businesses. Funds
are also being provided to utilities to pass on to local businesses for
development projects. These innovative programs increase economic opportunities
in rural areas - a top priority of Secretary Vilsack and President Obama."

O'Brien announced the rural business investments while in Kentucky with Governor
Steve Beshear, Congressman Hal Rogers, and the executive board of Shaping Our
Appalachian Region (SOAR)This is an external link or third-party site outside of
the United States Department of Agriculture (USDA) website. to discuss
investment opportunities in eastern Kentucky, including Promise Zones and
regional SOAR initiatives.

Funds are being provided through the Rural Economic Development Loan and Grant
Program (REDLG) and the Rural Microentrepreneur Assistance Program (RMAP). Under
the REDLG program, USDA provides zero-interest loans to local utilities which
then, in turn, relend the funds to local businesses (ultimate recipients) for
projects that will create and retain employment in rural areas. The program
funds business start-up or expansion, business incubators, education and
training facilities and equipment, community development assistance, health care
and other projects that support rural jobs.

Under RMAP, USDA provides loans to Microenterprise Development Organizations
(MDOs) that, in turn, make microloans for business start-up or development to
eligible microentrepreneurs defined as very small businesses with 10 or fewer
employees. Grants are available for MDOs to provide technical assistance and
training, particularly in rural areas experiencing persistent poverty or
significant outmigration. USDA does not directly provide funds to the ultimate
recipients.

The Rural Microentrepreneur Assistance Program was created under the 2008 Farm
Bill and recently reauthorized through the 2014 Farm Bill.

The Kentucky Highlands Investment Corporation is receiving a $500,000 RMAP loan
to capitalize a revolving loan fund to provide microloans to very small
businesses in 19 counties designated by the Appalachian Regional Commission as
distressed communities. The Kentucky Highlands Investment Corporation is the
lead organization carrying out the state's Promise Zone initiative. Its Promise
Zone work was made possible through the financial support from USDA.

MEDI, Inc., is receiving a $400,000 RMAP loan and $100,000 RMAP grant to serve
as a microlender and technical assistance provider for very small rural
businesses throughout Kentucky.

Since the start of the Obama Administration, Rural Development has invested more
than $4.4 billion in Kentucky. The agency is targeting assistance to persistent
poverty areas in Appalachian Kentucky through the USDA StrikeForce Initiative
for Rural Growth and Opportunity, and will continue its work with Governor
Beshear and his staff, the Kentucky Congressional Delegation, other federal
agencies, SOAR officials and community leaders throughout the region to benefit
rural communities in the impacted areas.

At the national level, the USDA investments are meeting a wide variety of
business and manufacturing needs across rural America. For example, in South
Carolina, the Santee Electric Cooperative is receiving a $1 million Rural
Economic Development loan to support the local "Help My House program," which
makes energy efficiency improvements in the rural areas of Williamsburg,
Georgetown, Clarendon and Florence Counties. The Nodak Electric Cooperative in
North Dakota is receiving a $775,000 Rural Economic Development loan to help S&S
Grain, Inc. purchase and renovate a building in Walhalla, N.D., for grain
drying, handling and storage.

The Rural Economic Development Loan and Grant program directly supports the
Obama Administration's Investing in Manufacturing Communities Partnership (IMCP)
initiative to boost the manufacturing sector and create well-paying
manufacturing jobs, using economic development resources available through
existing Federal programs.

Through today's announcement, USDA is providing over $59 million in loans and
grants to 85 organizations in 31 states, including the District of Columbia, to
strengthen rural businesses and promote economic development. The funding is
contingent upon the recipients meeting the terms of their loan or grant
agreements.

President Obama's historic investments in rural America have made our rural
communities stronger. Under his leadership, these investments in housing,
community facilities, businesses and infrastructure have empowered rural America
to continue leading the way - strengthening America's economy, small towns and
rural communities.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: September 27, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              16 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Ruidoso News (New Mexico)

                             July 9, 2015 Thursday

Ruidoso: Grants available for rural development

BYLINE: Reports

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 242 words


The USDA is accepting applications for grants for the development of rural
cooperatives. The grants are being made available to non-profit corporations and
institutions of higher education through the Rural Cooperative Development Grant
(RCDG) program.

"This is a great opportunity for a non-profit or schools to use this money to
help the businesses in their community grow and expand through cooperative
efforts," USDA Rural Development State Director Terry Brunner Brunner wrote in a
press release earlier this week.

The Rural Cooperative Development Grant program improves economic conditions in
rural areas by helping individuals and businesses start, expand or improve the
operations of rural cooperatives and other mutually-owned businesses. Other
eligible grant activities may include conducting feasibility studies and
creating business and marketing plans.

USDA-Rural Development is making up to $5.8 million in grants available for the
2015 fiscal year. Up to $200,000 will be awarded for each grant. In most cases,
grants may be used to pay for up to 75 percent of a project's total costs.
Recipients are required to match 25 percent of the award amount. The grants will
be awarded prior to September 30. The recipients will have one year to complete
their grant project.

The application deadline is July 30. For additional information, contact Jesse
Monfort Bopp, USDA-RD State Office, at 505-761-4952 or 505-761-4953 or
jesse.bopp@nm.usda.gov

LOAD-DATE: July 10, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: USDA Rural Development State Director Terry Brunner.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2015 Ruidoso News, a MediaNews Group Newspaper
                              All Rights Reserved


                              17 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                  The Northern Echo (Newsquest Regional Press)

                            January 27, 2017 Friday

Almost 10m in funding available to rural businesses in North-East

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 301 words


RURAL businesses in the region are being invited to apply for a share of a £9.7m
funding pot.

The Rural Development Programme for England has announced the latest round of
grant funding for the North East Local Enterprise Partnership (LEP) area.

Firms in the food processing, tourism and rural business development sectors can
apply for funding for projects to help with growth, job creation and bringing
money into the rural economy.

Grant funding can help pay for constructing or improving buildings, as well as
new equipment and machinery.

Three grant funds are available - Rural Business Development Grants, Rural
Tourism Infrastructure Grants and Food Processing Grants.

Colin Bell, business growth director at the North-East LEP, said: "The rural
economy plays an important part in the region's overall economic success and we
would urge businesses to take this opportunity to access the funding available
which will help to grow and develop their business."

The capital grants, which will be available from the Rural Payments Agency, will
fund up to 40 per cent of a project's costs with the minimum grant amount being
£35,000. Businesses must be located in the eligible rural areas of County
Durham, Northumberland and Gateshead or within the North East Rural Growth
Network boundary.

Three information workshops will be held next month. Two will take place at
Kirkley Hall in Northumberland on Tuesday, February 12, with one covering
tourism grants and the other food processing grants. A third workshop, which
will cover food business development and food processing grants, will be held at
County Hall in Durham City on Thursday, February 16.

To book a place, visit:
nelep.co.uk/funding/european-funding/european-funding-calls/

For more information, visit gov.uk/government/publications/rdpe-growth-programme

LOAD-DATE: January 27, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2017 NewsQuest Media Group Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              18 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Deming Headlight (New Mexico)

                             July 14, 2015 Tuesday

Rural cooperatives can apply for grants

BYLINE: For the Headlight

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 341 words


ALBUQUERQUE, N.M. &GT;&GT; USDA Rural Development State Director Terry Brunner
announces that USDA-Rural Development is accepting applications for grants to
help rural cooperative develop. The grants are being made available to
non-profit corporations and institutions of higher education through the Rural
Cooperative Development Grant (RCDG) program.

In making the announcement that applications are being taken for this funding
program, Brunner said, "This is a great opportunity for a non-profit or schools
to use this money to help the businesses in their community grow and expand
through cooperative efforts."

The Rural Cooperative Development Grant program improves economic conditions in
rural areas by helping individuals and businesses start, expand, or improve the
operations of rural cooperatives and other mutually-owned businesses. Other
eligible grant activities may include conducting feasibility studies and
creating business and marketing plans.

USDA-Rural Development is making up to $5.8 million in grants available in
Fiscal year 2015. Up to $200,000 will be awarded for each grant. In most cases,
grants may be used to pay for up to 75 percent of a project's total costs.
Recipients are required to match 25 percent of the award amount. The grants will
be awarded prior to September 30, 2015. The recipients will have one year to
complete their grant project.

The application deadline is July 30, 2015. For additional information, please
contact Jesse Monfort Bopp, USDA-RD State Office, at 505-761-4952 or
505-761-4953 or www.rurdev.usda.gov

President Obama's plan for rural America has brought about historic investment
and resulted in stronger rural communities. Under the President's leadership,
these investments in housing, community facilities, businesses and
infrastructure have empowered rural America to continue leading the way
strengthening America's economy, small towns and rural communities. USDA's
investments in rural communities support the rural way of life that stands as
the backbone of our American values.

LOAD-DATE: July 15, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Director Terry Brunner, USDA State Rural Development

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


          Copyright 2015 Deming Headlight, a MediaNews Group Newspaper
                              All Rights Reserved


                              19 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Bangor Daily News (Maine)

                             August 3, 2015 Monday

County nets funds to spark rural jobs

LENGTH: 432 words


Two County entities will receive grant monies totaling more than $87,000 to
brighten job markets in Maine's rural areas.


The Aroostook Aspirations Initiative in Presque Isle will get $25,000, while the
Northern Maine Development Commission, Inc., of Caribou will receive $62,050.


U.S. Department of Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack announced the USDA grants,
totaling $3.6 million for 67 Rural Business Development Grants (RBDG). Congress
established the RBDG program in the 2014 Farm Bill by combining and improving
the Rural Business Enterprise Grant program and the Rural Business Opportunity
Grant program.


USDA Rural Development State Director Virginia Manuel said, "I am pleased that
Maine received four of the USDA RBDG grants totaling $275,000. USDA Rural
Development partners with organizations such as the Kennebec Valley Council of
Governments, the Maine Organic Farmers & Gardeners Association, and the Northern
Maine Development Commission, Inc. to provide rural small businesses with the
resources necessary to grow their operations and increase jobs in rural Maine."


AAI's grant will assist with expanding the Internship Hub of Aroostook program.
The project will conduct leadership training for prospective adult, rural
entrepreneurs and managers, while establishing and developing rural learning
programs that provide job training instructions related to potential employment
and job advancement for adult students. The project has the potential over the
next three years to create 75 jobs.


The Northern Maine Development Commission's award of $62,050 will be used to
help develop marketing strategies and improve distribution channels throughout
the Great Region Diversified Agricultural of Aroostook, Piscataquis, and
Washington Counties. The project has the potential to create 38 jobs.


The RBDG program is one of many USDA Rural Development Programs that help create
jobs and provide economic opportunities in rural areas. USDA's Rural Business
-Cooperative Service has awarded more than 20,000 grants and loans to more than
85,000 businesses since the start of the Obama Administration.


Also given grants in Maine were: the Kennebec Valley Council of Governments,
$89,000 to assist with expanding the Maine Grains Oat project; and the Maine
Organic Farmers & Gardeners Association, $98,950 to assist with organic grower
business consultation services, workshops and training, and third-party loans
for non-production purposes from an organic farmers' revolving loan fund.


Funding for the awardees is contingent upon the recipients meeting the terms of
the loan and grant agreements.

LOAD-DATE: August 3, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2015 Bangor Daily News


                              20 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Deming Headlight (New Mexico)

                             March 8, 2012 Thursday

USDA plans to spur job growth

BYLINE: For the Headlight

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 376 words


USDA, Rural Development State Director Terry Brunner announced that USDA, Rural
Development is accepting applications for loans and grants to create jobs and
spur economic development.

Funding is provided through the Rural Economic Development Loan and Grant
(REDLG) program.

"These investment opportunities will promote business expansion and
entrepreneurship by helping local businesses access capital, technical
assistance, and new markets for their products and services. In addition, the
program can help develop critical community projects which will create and
retain jobs in our rural communities," said Brunner.

An example of how the REDLG program was used here in New Mexico was when the
Roosevelt County Electric and the Roosevelt County Telephone Co-Operatives were
awarded funds to help with the construction of medical offices at the Roosevelt
County General hospital in Portales, New Mexico.

The REDLG program provides loans and grant funding for rural projects through
local utility cooperatives. Under the program, USDA provides zero-interest loans
and limited grant support to utilities. The funds are re-loaned to local
businesses (the ultimate recipient) for projects that will create and retain
employment in rural areas. The primary objective of the program is to promote
rural economic development and job creation projects.

Assistance provided to the recipient may include business startup costs,
business expansion, business incubators, technical assistance, and feasibility
studies.

Applications are received on an on-going basis. The maximum loan amount is
$1,000,000 and the maximum grant amount is $300,000. Application information is
available by contacting the Business and Cooperative Program staff at the USDA,
Rural Development State Office in Albuquerque at (505) 761-4953.

USDA Rural Development's mission is to increase economic opportunity and improve
the quality of life for rural residents. Rural Development fosters growth in
homeownership, finances business development, and supports the creation of
critical community and technology infrastructure.

Further information on rural programs is available at any local USDA Rural
Development office or by visiting USDA Rural Development's web site at
http://www.rurdev.usda.gov

LOAD-DATE: March 8, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: These investment opportunities will promote business expansion and
entrepreneurship by helping local businesses access capital, technical
assistance, and new markets for their products and services. In addition, the
program can help develop critical community projects which will create and
retain jobs in our rural communities. Terry Brunner, USDA Rural Development
State Director

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


          Copyright 2012 Deming Headlight, a MediaNews Group Newspaper
                              All Rights Reserved


                              21 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             June 18, 2013 Tuesday

Utah: USDA Celebrates National Small Business Week with Continued Investments to
Help Rural Business Grow

LENGTH: 600  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack has kicked off National Small Business Week by
highlighting USDA's actions to help rural small businesses create jobs, get
access to capital and spur economic growth. He also announced the selection of
recipients for USDA's Rural Business Enterprise Grants. USDA remains focused on
carrying out its mission, despite a time of significant budget uncertainty.

"Small businesses are the backbone of the economy in small towns and rural
communities, just as they are in our biggest cities," Vilsack said. "USDA
supports small businesses by providing job training, business development
opportunities, strategic community planning and other resources. We're focused
on making sure that Main Street businesses have the tools they need to grow."

Secretary Vilsack announced 54 awards under the Rural Business Enterprise Grants
program in 21 states - Alaska, Arizona, California, Kansas, Kentucky,
Massachusetts, Minnesota, Montana, North Dakota, Nebraska, New Mexico, New York,
Nevada, Oklahoma, Oregon, South Dakota, Tennessee, Utah, Vermont, Washington and
Wisconsin. Please click here for a complete list of Rural Business Enterprise
Grants awarded.

USDA has several initiatives underway to support small businesses and the
communities they serve. Altogether, USDA business and cooperative development
programs have had a significant impact on rural communities - achieving record
results under President Obama. Since 2009, USDA has provided more than 15,000
loans and grants through its business programs, helping more than 60,000 rural
small businesses. For more information on USDA's business and cooperative
development programs, visit http://www.rurdev.usda.gov/Business.html.

This assistance has also been directed toward historically underserved
communities. For example, USDA Rural Development is working closely with the
Appalachian Regional Commission on a public/private partnership to help
economies prosper. This partnership is intended to create a stronger and more
diversified Appalachian economy. It compliments several other initiatives USDA
has in place. Additionally, USDA is working in persistent poverty areas in 16
states to leverage local partnerships and grow the economy through its
StrikeForce for Rural Growth and Opportunity.

Rural small businesses are encouraged to contact their nearest USDA Rural
Development office for information about available assistance. A list of these
offices is available at http://www.rurdev.usda.gov/StateOfficeAddresses.html.

The funding announced today under the Rural Business Enterprise Grants program
will help support the Obama Administration's vision by providing rural
communities with resources to support small businesses, improve public
facilities, and create new, sustainable jobs. Funding is contingent upon the
recipient meeting the conditions for the grant.

The Rural Business Enterprise Grant program also supports the development of
local food systems. For example, in 2010, the Dutchess County Economic
Development Corporation (EDC) in Poughkeepsie, N.Y., received a $35,000 Rural
Business Enterprise Grant to support the county's Farm Fresh program. It is
designed to enhance agri-tourisim. As a result, EDC provides transportation for
more than 2,300 visitors from metropolitan areas to small farms and vineyards
throughout rural New York. The funding has increased tourism in rural New York
and expanded markets for several small businesses.

For further information please visit: http://www.raconline.org/.

LOAD-DATE: June 18, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              22 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Ruidoso News (New Mexico)

                            February 26, 2016 Friday
                                   1 Edition

Grants aid rural businesses' growth

BYLINE: By, Ruidoso News Reports

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. B1

LENGTH: 271 words


ALBUQUERQUE - USDA Rural Development State Director Terry Brunner has announced
the agency is seeking applications for $28 million in Rural Business Development
grants aimed at helping the nation's rural businesses grow and create jobs.

"Because economic growth has been slow in the rural areas of our state this is a
great opportunity to help rural New Mexico businesses with much-needed financial
assistance," Brunner said. "I urge any eligible entity that helps provide
development opportunities for small rural business to apply for this program,
especially if the business owner has a good idea how to expand their business."

RBDG grant funds can be used for technical assistance, training and other
activities that support the business development of small business enterprises
in rural areas. The grant can also be used to benefit small rural businesses
through acquiring or developing land, buildings, and equipment; establishing a
revolving loan fund; guiding the development of a plan; or supporting rural
distance learning programs that provide educational job training to adult
entrepreneurs.

An applicant must be a non-profit entity, Indian tribe, or a public governmental
entity, including states, towns, cities, land grants, and other subdivisions of
the state. All of the applicants must serve areas outside Albuquerque, Las
Cruces, Santa Fe and Rio Rancho.

Applications must be received by April 29, 2016. This includes applications for
the program's Native American set-aside funds. Real estate-related grant
applications should be received as soon as possible so that environmental
reviews do not delay a decision.

LOAD-DATE: February 26, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: rui


                          Copyright 2016 Ruidoso News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              23 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                 Hidalgo County Herald (Lordsburg, New Mexico)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                 June 21, 2013

USDA celebrates Small Business Week with continued investments to help rural
business grow

BYLINE: Hidalgo County Herald staff

LENGTH: 972  words


Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack this week kicked off National Small Business
Week by highlighting USDA's actions to help rural small businesses create jobs,
get access to capital and spur economic growth. He also announced the selection
of recipients for USDA's Rural Business Enterprise Grants. USDA remains focused
on carrying out its mission, despite a time of significant budget uncertainty.

"Small businesses are the backbone of the economy in small towns and rural
communities, just as they are in our biggest cities," Vilsack said. "USDA
supports small businesses by providing job training, business development
opportunities, strategic community planning and other resources. We're focused
on making sure that Main Street businesses have the tools they need to grow."

USDA Rural Development State Director Terry Brunner agreed by saying, "We are
working hard to make sure that the small business in New Mexico is given the
financial support and tools needed to become successful but most importantly to
become sustainable. By doing this we are insuring that the economy will
better.for many years to come."

Secretary Vilsack announced 54 awards under the Rural Business Enterprise Grants
program in 21 states - Alaska, Arizona, California, Kansas, Kentucky,
Massachusetts, Minnesota, Montana, North Dakota, Nebraska, New Mexico, New York,
Nevada, Oklahoma, Oregon, Pennsylvania, South Dakota, Tennessee, Utah, Vermont,
Washington and Wisconsin. Please click here for a complete list of Rural
Business Enterprise Grants awarded today.

Two of those awards announced today were made to the Northwest New Mexico
Council of Governments for $40,000 to provide training and technical assistance
to Native American entrepreneurs. The second award was made to the Pueblo of
Acoma-Acoma Business Enterprise in the amount of $75,000 to develop a business
plan and marketing study for the Indian food hub. Funding is contingent upon the
recipients meeting the conditions for the grant.

USDA has several initiatives underway to support small businesses and the
communities they serve. Altogether, USDA business and cooperative development
programs have had a significant impact on rural communities -achieving record
results under President Obama. Since 2009, USDA has provided more than 15,000
loans and grants through its business programs, helping more than 60,000 rural
small businesses. For more information on USDA's business and cooperative
development programs, visit http://www.rurdev.usda.gov/Business.html.

This assistance has also been directed toward historically underserved
communities. For example, USDA Rural Development is working closely with the
Appalachian Regional Commission on a public/private partnership to help
economies prosper. This partnership is intended to create a stronger and more
diversified Appalachian economy. It compliments several other initiatives USDA
has in place. Additionally, USDA is working in persistent poverty areas in 16
states to leverage local partnerships and grow the economy through its
StrikeForce for Rural Growth and Opportunity.

Rural small businesses are encouraged to contact their nearest USDA Rural
Development office for information about available assistance. A list of these
offices is available at http://www.rurdev.usda.gov/StateOfficeAddresses.html.

The funding announced today under the Rural Business Enterprise Grants program
will help support the Obama Administration's vision by providing rural
communities with resources to support small businesses, improve public
facilities, and create new, sustainable jobs. Funding is contingent upon the
recipient meeting the conditions for the grant.

The Rural Business Enterprise Grant program also supports the development of
local food systems. For example, in 2010, the Dutchess County Economic
Development Corporation (EDC) in Poughkeepsie, N.Y., received a $35,000 Rural
Business Enterprise Grant to support the county's Farm Fresh program. It is
designed to enhance agri-tourisim. As a result, EDC provides transportation for
more than 2,300 visitors from metropolitan areas to small farms and vineyards
throughout rural New York. The funding has increased tourism in rural New York
and expanded markets for several small businesses.

Rural Business Enterprise Grants and other USDA programs help rural small
businesses manufacture new products, expand local food systems and create jobs.
Secretary Vilsack continued a call this week for Congress to pass a
comprehensive, multiyear Food, Farm and Jobs Bill as soon as possible. Leaders
from both parties have signaled a willingness to come together and get this
critically important legislation passed. On June 10, 2013, the U.S. Senate
passed a bipartisan version of a Food, Farm and Jobs Bill. Secretary Vilsack
noted that he is encouraged by signs that the House of Representatives will
consider a bill this week.

President Obama's plan to revitalize the rural economy has brought about
historic investment over the past four years -including in America's small towns
and rural communities. USDA, through its Rural Development mission area, has a
portfolio of programs designed to improve the economic stability of rural
communities, businesses, residents, farmers and ranchers and improve the quality
of life in rural America.

USDA has made a concerted effort to deliver results for the American people,
even as USDA implements sequestration - the across-the-board budget reductions
mandated under terms of the Budget Control Act. USDA has already undertaken
historic efforts since 2009 to save more than $828 million in taxpayer funds
through targeted, common-sense budget reductions. These reductions have put USDA
in a better position to carry out its mission, while implementing sequester
budget reductions in a fair manner that causes as little disruption as possible.

LOAD-DATE: April 11, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Business

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: HDG

                      Copyright 2013 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                      Copyright 2013 Hidalgo County Herald


                              24 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                               May 5, 2014 Monday

Washington: USDA Announces Funding to Spur Local and Regional Economic Growth in
America's Rural Communities

LENGTH: 684  words

DATELINE: Washington


US Department of Agriculture, The Government of USA has issued the following
news release:

Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack today announced the availability of funding to
promote long-term economic growth and community vitality in rural areas. With
the announcement, the U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA) invites applications
for funding through three community and economic development programs
administered by USDA Rural Development.

"USDA is committed to helping rural communities access the resources they need
to implement strategies that will invigorate the economy, reduce poverty and
enhance the quality of life in our small towns and rural areas for years to
come," Vilsack said.

The announcement includes $30.6 million in zero-interest loans and $9.2 million
in grants to establish revolving loan funds that finance business and economic
development activities in rural areas. Applications for these funds will be
accepted through the Rural Economic Development Loan and Grant (REDLG) Program.
Rural utilities that are eligible for USDA financing under the Rural
Electrification Act and have the capacity to serve as intermediary lenders may
apply to USDA Rural Development to administer the funds locally for the benefit
of specifically identified projects. These intermediaries re-lend REDLG funds at
zero percent to assist with business startup and expansion, business technical
assistance and job training, and community facilities projects that support
economic development. Applications are accepted on an ongoing basis through USDA
Rural Development State Offices and are evaluated for funding consideration
monthly.

Through the Rural Business Opportunity Grant (RBOG) Program, USDA Rural
Development is accepting competitive grant applications to improve economic
conditions in designated Rural Economic Area Partnership Zones and for members
of Native American tribes in rural areas. Government entities, nonprofit
corporations, institutions of higher education, rural cooperatives and Native
American tribes may apply for grants of up to $100,000. Funding may be used to
support business incubators, feasibility studies and business plans, long-term
strategic business planning, leadership and entrepreneurial training, and other
related efforts. Just over $1.3 million is reserved for projects benefiting
Native American communities. Another $919,820 is reserved for projects with
Rural Economic Area Partnerships.

In addition, USDA announces the availability of two grants from funds
appropriated for the Rural Business Enterprise Grant (RBEG) program: a $500,000
grant for rural transportation projects and a $250,000 grant for Federally
Recognized Native American Tribes. Funds may be used to provide technical
assistance and training to help rural communities improve passenger
transportation services or facilities.

These USDA programs provide key support needed to create rural jobs and promote
local and regional economic growth. For instance, the non-profit Ecotrust
estimates that RBEG and RBOG funding for its FoodHub website is allowing it to
connect more than 2,100 farmers, ranchers, fishermen, dairies and specialty
producers to more buyers, distributors and industry suppliers. Between 2010 and
2012, the service reported helping producers in Oregon, Washington, Idaho,
Montana, Alaska and California increase full-time employment by 23 percent and
part-time employment by 38 percent.

Application deadlines and details for all three programs will be available May 2
when the funding notices are published in the Federal Register.

President Obama's plan for rural America has brought about historic investment
and resulted in stronger rural communities. Under the President's leadership,
these investments in housing, community facilities, businesses and
infrastructure have empowered rural America to continue leading the way -
strengthening America's economy, small towns and rural communities. USDA's
investments in rural communities support the rural way of life that stands as
the backbone of our American values.

For more information please visit: http://www.usda.gov

LOAD-DATE: May 6, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              25 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                 Hidalgo County Herald (Lordsburg, New Mexico)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                 April 10, 2015

USDA seeks applications to support rural businesses and create jobs

BYLINE: Hidalgo County Herald staff

LENGTH: 468  words


Agriculture Under Secretary Lisa Mensah has announced that USDA is seeking
applications for grants to support rural businesses and help create jobs.

"This USDA funding will ensure continued investments in rural businesses,"
Mensah said. "Too often, rural businesses and the communities they serve lack
access to the capital and resources they need to grow and thrive. These grants
will help remedy that and allow all Americans the chance to share in the
nation's economic recovery."

USDA Rural Development State Director Terry Brunner added, "This is a flexible
grant program for communities and organizations that seek to create jobs and
economic opportunity for rural New Mexico."

Congress established the RBDG program under the 2014 Farm Bill by combining
USDA's Rural Business Enterprise Grant (RBEG) and Rural Business Opportunity
Grant (RBOG) programs. The new program, like its predecessors, is designed to
assist the startup or expansion of small and emerging private businesses and/or
non-profits in rural communities.

Like the RBEG and RBOG programs the funding will be made to public bodies and
non-profit corporations to assist small and emerging businesses and/or
non-profits in their communities. The funds may be used to assist in the
economic development of rural areas by providing technical assistance, training,
and planning for business and economic development.

RBDG grants can be used to acquire or develop land, buildings, plants and
equipment; build or improve access roads, parking areas, utility extensions, and
water and waste disposal facilities; provide technical assistance; establish
revolving loan funds; and to support rural distance learning programs that
provide educational or job training. There are no substantive programmatic or
operational changes to the RBEG and RBOG programs as a result of this
consolidation.

More than $28 million is expected to be available under the Rural Business
Development Grant (RBDG) program. Eligible applicants include public bodies,
government entities, Indian tribes and non-profit organizations.

Grants made before the implementation of the RBDG program will continue to be
governed by the terms of the applicable RBOG and RBEG regulations in effect at
the time the grants were made.

For additional information on how to apply, contact the New Mexico Rural
Development state office at 505-7614950 or by clicking on: state office or see
Page 15665 of the March 25 Federal Register.

President Obamas plan for rural America has brought about historic investment
and resulted in stronger rural communities. Under the President's leadership,
these investments in housing, community facilities, businesses and
infrastructure have empowered rural America to continue leading the way -
strengthening America's economy, small towns and rural communities.

LOAD-DATE: April 24, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Agriculture

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: HDG

                      Copyright 2015 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                      Copyright 2015 Hidalgo County Herald


                              26 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           September 15, 2014 Monday

Nevada: USDA Announces Investments to Increase Economic Activity in Rural Areas
and on Native Lands

LENGTH: 817  words

DATELINE: Carson City


The State of Nevada has issued the following news release:

Agriculture Deputy Secretary Krysta Harden today announced that USDA is
investing in rural businesses and development organizations to spur economic
growth in rural areas and in Tribal communities.

"These investments are part of the Obama Administration's ongoing efforts to
help rural and Tribal communities that have the greatest need for assistance,"
Harden said. "USDA is targeting capital and technical assistance to small
businesses and development organizations to help stimulate more business
activity in areas that are struggling economically. This will help revitalize
these small, remote rural communities and create much-needed jobs for local
residents."

Harden announced details of the investments following a tour of Intervale
Community Farm in Burlington, Vt. Intervale Community Farm is a 135-acre farm
incubator on Burlington's Intervale. The Intervale Community Farm contributes 60
full-time, part-time and seasonal jobs to the Burlington economy and is part of
the Intervale Food Hub, a thriving local food aggregator and distributor
contributing to Burlington's regional economy. Local food hubs provide
organizations, businesses and institutions orders for local food products that
are sourced from a variety of local farms.

The funding is being provided through USDA's Rural Business Enterprise Grant
(RBEG) and Rural Business Opportunity Grant (RBOG) programs. Rural Business
Enterprise Grants help small and emerging rural businesses. Rural Business
Opportunity Grants promote sustainable economic development in rural communities
with exceptional needs.

The grants are being awarded in areas designated as Rural Economic Area
Partnership (REAP) zones. REAP zones are areas that are considered economically
distressed due to factors such as poverty, geographic isolation, declining
populations or economic upheaval (such as the closing of a major job provider).
The 2014 Farm Bill extends all current REAP zones through 2018.

Grants are also being targeted, predominantly through the Rural Business
Opportunity Grant program, to Federally recognized Native American Tribes.

Since the start of the Obama Administration, USDA Rural Development has invested
nearly $6 million in REAP zones through the RBEG program. These grants have
supported businesses and community projects across the country, creating or
retaining 2,200 jobs (nearly 1,000 created and 1,200 retained). Since 2009, the
agency has also invested $7.8 million in RBOG assistance for REAP zones and
Native American Tribes. These Rural Business Opportunity Grants have helped
approximately 400 businesses, and have created or retained about 2,100 jobs.

Harden emphasized that the USDA funding includes more than $2.2 million for
organizations in Vermont, New York and North Dakota. Nine organizations in
Vermont are receiving RBEG and RBOG grants totaling nearly $1.2 million. They
will use the money to develop businesses, help revitalize a downtown district,
and create jobs across the state. Seven organizations in North Dakota are
receiving more than $566,000 in RBEG and RBOG grants to provide technical
assistance to rural businesses and explore ways to increase commerce in Tribal
areas. In New York, two organizations are receiving more than $445,000 to
support rural businesses and determine the feasibility of establishing an
open-access fiber optic network.

Through today's announcement, USDA is providing nearly $3 million in grants to
28 organizations in 12 states to strengthen rural business and promote economic
development. Funding is contingent upon the recipient meeting the terms of the
grant agreement.

Today's announcement was made possible by the 2014 Farm Bill. The legislation
builds on historic economic gains in rural America during the past five years
while achieving meaningful reform and billions of dollars in savings for
taxpayers. Since its enactment, USDA has made significant progress to implement
each provision of this critical legislation, including providing disaster relief
to farmers and ranchers; strengthening risk management tools; expanding access
to rural credit; funding critical research; establishing innovative
public-private conservation partnerships; developing new markets for rural-made
products; and investing in infrastructure, housing and community facilities to
help improve the quality of life in rural America. For more information, visit
www.usda.gov/farmbill.

President Obama's historic investments in rural America have made our rural
communities stronger. Under his leadership, these investments in housing,
community facilities, businesses and infrastructure have empowered rural America
to continue leading the way - strengthening America's economy, small towns and
rural communities.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: September 16, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              27 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           September 15, 2014 Monday

Nevada: USDA Announces Investments to Increase Economic Activity in Rural Areas
and on Native Lands

LENGTH: 817  words

DATELINE: Carson City


The State of Nevada has issued the following news release:

Agriculture Deputy Secretary Krysta Harden today announced that USDA is
investing in rural businesses and development organizations to spur economic
growth in rural areas and in Tribal communities.

"These investments are part of the Obama Administration's ongoing efforts to
help rural and Tribal communities that have the greatest need for assistance,"
Harden said. "USDA is targeting capital and technical assistance to small
businesses and development organizations to help stimulate more business
activity in areas that are struggling economically. This will help revitalize
these small, remote rural communities and create much-needed jobs for local
residents."

Harden announced details of the investments following a tour of Intervale
Community Farm in Burlington, Vt. Intervale Community Farm is a 135-acre farm
incubator on Burlington's Intervale. The Intervale Community Farm contributes 60
full-time, part-time and seasonal jobs to the Burlington economy and is part of
the Intervale Food Hub, a thriving local food aggregator and distributor
contributing to Burlington's regional economy. Local food hubs provide
organizations, businesses and institutions orders for local food products that
are sourced from a variety of local farms.

The funding is being provided through USDA's Rural Business Enterprise Grant
(RBEG) and Rural Business Opportunity Grant (RBOG) programs. Rural Business
Enterprise Grants help small and emerging rural businesses. Rural Business
Opportunity Grants promote sustainable economic development in rural communities
with exceptional needs.

The grants are being awarded in areas designated as Rural Economic Area
Partnership (REAP) zones. REAP zones are areas that are considered economically
distressed due to factors such as poverty, geographic isolation, declining
populations or economic upheaval (such as the closing of a major job provider).
The 2014 Farm Bill extends all current REAP zones through 2018.

Grants are also being targeted, predominantly through the Rural Business
Opportunity Grant program, to Federally recognized Native American Tribes.

Since the start of the Obama Administration, USDA Rural Development has invested
nearly $6 million in REAP zones through the RBEG program. These grants have
supported businesses and community projects across the country, creating or
retaining 2,200 jobs (nearly 1,000 created and 1,200 retained). Since 2009, the
agency has also invested $7.8 million in RBOG assistance for REAP zones and
Native American Tribes. These Rural Business Opportunity Grants have helped
approximately 400 businesses, and have created or retained about 2,100 jobs.

Harden emphasized that the USDA funding includes more than $2.2 million for
organizations in Vermont, New York and North Dakota. Nine organizations in
Vermont are receiving RBEG and RBOG grants totaling nearly $1.2 million. They
will use the money to develop businesses, help revitalize a downtown district,
and create jobs across the state. Seven organizations in North Dakota are
receiving more than $566,000 in RBEG and RBOG grants to provide technical
assistance to rural businesses and explore ways to increase commerce in Tribal
areas. In New York, two organizations are receiving more than $445,000 to
support rural businesses and determine the feasibility of establishing an
open-access fiber optic network.

Through today's announcement, USDA is providing nearly $3 million in grants to
28 organizations in 12 states to strengthen rural business and promote economic
development. Funding is contingent upon the recipient meeting the terms of the
grant agreement.

Today's announcement was made possible by the 2014 Farm Bill. The legislation
builds on historic economic gains in rural America during the past five years
while achieving meaningful reform and billions of dollars in savings for
taxpayers. Since its enactment, USDA has made significant progress to implement
each provision of this critical legislation, including providing disaster relief
to farmers and ranchers; strengthening risk management tools; expanding access
to rural credit; funding critical research; establishing innovative
public-private conservation partnerships; developing new markets for rural-made
products; and investing in infrastructure, housing and community facilities to
help improve the quality of life in rural America. For more information, visit
www.usda.gov/farmbill.

President Obama's historic investments in rural America have made our rural
communities stronger. Under his leadership, these investments in housing,
community facilities, businesses and infrastructure have empowered rural America
to continue leading the way - strengthening America's economy, small towns and
rural communities.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: September 16, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              28 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           September 12, 2014 Friday

Nevada: USDA Announces Investments to Increase Economic Activity in Rural Areas
and on Native Lands

LENGTH: 817  words

DATELINE: Carson City


The State of Nevada has issued the following news release:

Agriculture Deputy Secretary Krysta Harden today announced that USDA is
investing in rural businesses and development organizations to spur economic
growth in rural areas and in Tribal communities.

"These investments are part of the Obama Administration's ongoing efforts to
help rural and Tribal communities that have the greatest need for assistance,"
Harden said. "USDA is targeting capital and technical assistance to small
businesses and development organizations to help stimulate more business
activity in areas that are struggling economically. This will help revitalize
these small, remote rural communities and create much-needed jobs for local
residents."

Harden announced details of the investments following a tour of Intervale
Community Farm in Burlington, Vt. Intervale Community Farm is a 135-acre farm
incubator on Burlington's Intervale. The Intervale Community Farm contributes 60
full-time, part-time and seasonal jobs to the Burlington economy and is part of
the Intervale Food Hub, a thriving local food aggregator and distributor
contributing to Burlington's regional economy. Local food hubs provide
organizations, businesses and institutions orders for local food products that
are sourced from a variety of local farms.

The funding is being provided through USDA's Rural Business Enterprise Grant
(RBEG) and Rural Business Opportunity Grant (RBOG) programs. Rural Business
Enterprise Grants help small and emerging rural businesses. Rural Business
Opportunity Grants promote sustainable economic development in rural communities
with exceptional needs.

The grants are being awarded in areas designated as Rural Economic Area
Partnership (REAP) zones. REAP zones are areas that are considered economically
distressed due to factors such as poverty, geographic isolation, declining
populations or economic upheaval (such as the closing of a major job provider).
The 2014 Farm Bill extends all current REAP zones through 2018.

Grants are also being targeted, predominantly through the Rural Business
Opportunity Grant program, to Federally recognized Native American Tribes.

Since the start of the Obama Administration, USDA Rural Development has invested
nearly $6 million in REAP zones through the RBEG program. These grants have
supported businesses and community projects across the country, creating or
retaining 2,200 jobs (nearly 1,000 created and 1,200 retained). Since 2009, the
agency has also invested $7.8 million in RBOG assistance for REAP zones and
Native American Tribes. These Rural Business Opportunity Grants have helped
approximately 400 businesses, and have created or retained about 2,100 jobs.

Harden emphasized that the USDA funding includes more than $2.2 million for
organizations in Vermont, New York and North Dakota. Nine organizations in
Vermont are receiving RBEG and RBOG grants totaling nearly $1.2 million. They
will use the money to develop businesses, help revitalize a downtown district,
and create jobs across the state. Seven organizations in North Dakota are
receiving more than $566,000 in RBEG and RBOG grants to provide technical
assistance to rural businesses and explore ways to increase commerce in Tribal
areas. In New York, two organizations are receiving more than $445,000 to
support rural businesses and determine the feasibility of establishing an
open-access fiber optic network.

Through today's announcement, USDA is providing nearly $3 million in grants to
28 organizations in 12 states to strengthen rural business and promote economic
development. Funding is contingent upon the recipient meeting the terms of the
grant agreement.

Today's announcement was made possible by the 2014 Farm Bill. The legislation
builds on historic economic gains in rural America during the past five years
while achieving meaningful reform and billions of dollars in savings for
taxpayers. Since its enactment, USDA has made significant progress to implement
each provision of this critical legislation, including providing disaster relief
to farmers and ranchers; strengthening risk management tools; expanding access
to rural credit; funding critical research; establishing innovative
public-private conservation partnerships; developing new markets for rural-made
products; and investing in infrastructure, housing and community facilities to
help improve the quality of life in rural America. For more information, visit
www.usda.gov/farmbill.

President Obama's historic investments in rural America have made our rural
communities stronger. Under his leadership, these investments in housing,
community facilities, businesses and infrastructure have empowered rural America
to continue leading the way - strengthening America's economy, small towns and
rural communities.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: September 12, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              29 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           September 12, 2014 Friday

Nevada: USDA Announces Investments to Increase Economic Activity in Rural Areas
and on Native Lands

LENGTH: 817  words

DATELINE: Carson City


The State of Nevada has issued the following news release:

Agriculture Deputy Secretary Krysta Harden today announced that USDA is
investing in rural businesses and development organizations to spur economic
growth in rural areas and in Tribal communities.

"These investments are part of the Obama Administration's ongoing efforts to
help rural and Tribal communities that have the greatest need for assistance,"
Harden said. "USDA is targeting capital and technical assistance to small
businesses and development organizations to help stimulate more business
activity in areas that are struggling economically. This will help revitalize
these small, remote rural communities and create much-needed jobs for local
residents."

Harden announced details of the investments following a tour of Intervale
Community Farm in Burlington, Vt. Intervale Community Farm is a 135-acre farm
incubator on Burlington's Intervale. The Intervale Community Farm contributes 60
full-time, part-time and seasonal jobs to the Burlington economy and is part of
the Intervale Food Hub, a thriving local food aggregator and distributor
contributing to Burlington's regional economy. Local food hubs provide
organizations, businesses and institutions orders for local food products that
are sourced from a variety of local farms.

The funding is being provided through USDA's Rural Business Enterprise Grant
(RBEG) and Rural Business Opportunity Grant (RBOG) programs. Rural Business
Enterprise Grants help small and emerging rural businesses. Rural Business
Opportunity Grants promote sustainable economic development in rural communities
with exceptional needs.

The grants are being awarded in areas designated as Rural Economic Area
Partnership (REAP) zones. REAP zones are areas that are considered economically
distressed due to factors such as poverty, geographic isolation, declining
populations or economic upheaval (such as the closing of a major job provider).
The 2014 Farm Bill extends all current REAP zones through 2018.

Grants are also being targeted, predominantly through the Rural Business
Opportunity Grant program, to Federally recognized Native American Tribes.

Since the start of the Obama Administration, USDA Rural Development has invested
nearly $6 million in REAP zones through the RBEG program. These grants have
supported businesses and community projects across the country, creating or
retaining 2,200 jobs (nearly 1,000 created and 1,200 retained). Since 2009, the
agency has also invested $7.8 million in RBOG assistance for REAP zones and
Native American Tribes. These Rural Business Opportunity Grants have helped
approximately 400 businesses, and have created or retained about 2,100 jobs.

Harden emphasized that the USDA funding includes more than $2.2 million for
organizations in Vermont, New York and North Dakota. Nine organizations in
Vermont are receiving RBEG and RBOG grants totaling nearly $1.2 million. They
will use the money to develop businesses, help revitalize a downtown district,
and create jobs across the state. Seven organizations in North Dakota are
receiving more than $566,000 in RBEG and RBOG grants to provide technical
assistance to rural businesses and explore ways to increase commerce in Tribal
areas. In New York, two organizations are receiving more than $445,000 to
support rural businesses and determine the feasibility of establishing an
open-access fiber optic network.

Through today's announcement, USDA is providing nearly $3 million in grants to
28 organizations in 12 states to strengthen rural business and promote economic
development. Funding is contingent upon the recipient meeting the terms of the
grant agreement.

Today's announcement was made possible by the 2014 Farm Bill. The legislation
builds on historic economic gains in rural America during the past five years
while achieving meaningful reform and billions of dollars in savings for
taxpayers. Since its enactment, USDA has made significant progress to implement
each provision of this critical legislation, including providing disaster relief
to farmers and ranchers; strengthening risk management tools; expanding access
to rural credit; funding critical research; establishing innovative
public-private conservation partnerships; developing new markets for rural-made
products; and investing in infrastructure, housing and community facilities to
help improve the quality of life in rural America. For more information, visit
www.usda.gov/farmbill.

President Obama's historic investments in rural America have made our rural
communities stronger. Under his leadership, these investments in housing,
community facilities, businesses and infrastructure have empowered rural America
to continue leading the way - strengthening America's economy, small towns and
rural communities.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: September 12, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              30 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             May 25, 2016 Wednesday

Washington: Franken, Klobuchar, Peterson, Nolan Announce USDA Grant Awarded to
Boost Rural Economic Development in Minnesota

LENGTH: 409  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: Office of the Senator Al Franken has issued the following news
release:



 U.S. Senators Al Franken and Amy Klobuchar, along with Representatives Collin
Peterson and Rick Nolan, today announced that the U.S. Department of Agriculture
(USDA) has awarded a grant to Minnesota's The Initiative Foundation. The USDA
awarded grants to 23 organizations to support rural and economic development
projects. The Initiative Foundation in Minnesota was selected for a $173,372
grant to provide training, technical assistance and financial support to 20
non-profit intermediaries that are locally-based and skilled in business
development and job creation.





 "Minnesota's own The Initiative Foundation was chosen to receive this grant
because of its dedication to improving rural economies," said Klobuchar. "Our
nation's strength is anchored in our rural com unities. This grant will ensure
that The Initiative Foundation can continue to support the important job
creation and business development efforts of Minnesota's non-profits."



 "Investing in our rural com unities is good for Minnesota's overall economic
health and it's good for the entire country," said Franken. "And one of my top
priorities it to expand our workforce and get people the training they need for
middle-class, good-paying jobs. This new support will help create jobs and
economic opportunity in rural Minnesota."



 "Making investments in rural com unities and connecting important resources to
rural citizens is essential to keeping rural areas thriving," Peterson said.
"This grant will support job creation and benefit the rural economy."



 "Here in Minnesota's Eighth District, our rural economy depends on small
business development and job creation," Nolan said. "This grant for The
Initiative Foundation will help bolster our rural com unities by providing the
training, technical assistance and financial support needed to support these
important rural and economic development projects."



 The award is being provided through the Rural Community Development Initiative
(RCDI) program. RCDI helps com unity-based development organizations and other
groups promote economic development in low-incom , rural com unities. Awards are
provided to public or non-profit intermediaries that are locally-based and
skilled in business development and job creation.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com br/>

LOAD-DATE: May 25, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              31 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Deming Headlight (New Mexico)

                            April 8, 2015 Wednesday

USDA can create jobs by boosting rural businesses

BYLINE: For the Headlight

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 473 words


WASHINGTON, D.C. &GT;&GT; Agriculture Under Secretary Lisa Mensah today
announced that USDA is seeking applications for grants to support rural
businesses and help create jobs.

"This USDA funding will ensure continued investments in rural businesses,"
Mensah said. "Too often, rural businesses and the communities they serve lack
access to the capital and resources they need to grow and thrive. These grants
will help remedy that and allow all Americans the chance to share in the
nation's economic recovery."

USDA Rural Development State Director Terry Brunner added, "This is a flexible
grant program for communities and organizations that seek to create jobs and
economic opportunity for rural New Mexico."

Congress established the RBDG program under the 2014 Farm Bill by combining
USDA's Rural Business Enterprise Grant (RBEG) and Rural Business Opportunity
Grant (RBOG) programs. The new program, like its predecessors, is designed to
assist the startup or expansion of small and emerging private businesses and/or
non-profits in rural communities.

Like the RBEG and RBOG programs the funding will be made to public bodies and
non-profit corporations to assist small and emerging businesses and/or
non-profits in their communities. The funds may be used to assist in the
economic development of rural areas by providing technical assistance, training,
and planning for business and economic development.

RBDG grants can be used to acquire or develop land, buildings, plants and
equipment; build or improve access roads, parking areas, utility extensions, and
water and waste disposal facilities; provide technical assistance; establish
revolving loan funds; and to support rural distance learning programs that
provide educational or job training. There are no substantive programmatic or
operational changes to the RBEG and RBOG programs as a result of this
consolidation.

More than $28 million is expected to be available under the Rural Business
Development Grant (RBDG) program. Eligible applicants include public bodies,
government entities, Indian tribes and non-profit organizations.

Grants made before the implementation of the RBDG program will continue to be
governed by the terms of the applicable RBOG and RBEG regulations in effect at
the time the grants were made.

For additional information on how to apply, contact the New Mexico Rural
Development state office at 505-7614950 or by clicking on: state office or see
Page 15665 of the March 25 Federal Register.

President Obama's plan for rural America has brought about historic investment
and resulted in stronger rural communities. Under the President's leadership,
these investments in housing, community facilities, businesses and
infrastructure have empowered rural America to continue leading the way -
strengthening America's economy, small towns and rural communities.

LOAD-DATE: April 9, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Mensah

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


          Copyright 2015 Deming Headlight, a MediaNews Group Newspaper
                              All Rights Reserved


                              32 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          September 28, 2016 Wednesday

FEDERAL REGISTER: Methodology and Formulas for Allocation of Loan and Grant
Program Funds; Correction Pages 66500 - 66500 [FR DOC # 2016-23228]

LENGTH: 577  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: Office of the Federal Register has issued the following notice:



 DEPARTMENT OF AGRICULTURE Rural Housing Service Rural Business-Cooperative
Service Rural Utilities Service Farm Service Agency 7 CFR Part 1940 RIN
0570-AA30 Methodology and Formulas for Allocation of Loan and Grant Program
Funds; Correction AGENCY: Rural Housing Sevice, Rural Business-Cooperative
Service, Rural Utilities Service, and Farm Service Agency, USDA. ACTION:
Correcting amendment.
----------------------------------------------------------------------- SUMMARY:
This document contains a correction to 7 CFR part 1940, subpart L, ``Methodology
and Formulas for Allocation of Loan and Grant Program Funds'' to provide
reference to the Rural Business Development Program, which replaced the Rural
Business Enterprise Grant program and the Rural Business Opportunity Grant
program. DATES: Effective on September 28, 2016. FOR FURTHER INFORMATION
CONTACT: Kristi Kubista-Hovis, Rural Development, Business Programs, U.S.
Department of Agriculture, 1400 Independence Avenue SW., STOP 3226, Washington,
DC 20250-3225; telephone (202) 720-0424; email
kristi.kubista-hovis@wdc.usda/gov.

SUPPLEMENTARY INFORMATION: Background The Agricultural Act of 2014 (2014 Farm
Bill) directed the Agency to combine the Rural Business Enterprise Grant (RBEG)
program and the Rural Business Opportunity Grant (RBOG) program into a single
new program entitled the Rural Business Development Grant (RBDG) program. The
Agency issued an interim rule with request for comment on March 25, 2015 (80 FR
15665) establishing the RBDG program and removing the applicable provisions
associated with the RBEG and RBOG programs. In the interim rule, the Agency
inadvertently did not update the title to 7 CFR 1940.588 to reflect the
replacement of the RBEG and RBOG programs with the new RBDG program. To correct
this oversight, the Agency is revising the title to 7 CFR 1940.588. This
correction has no substantive effect on how State allocations are made for the
RBDG program. Need for Correction As found in the Code of Federal Regulations,
the title to 7 CFR 1940.588 contains reference to two programs (i.e., RBEG and
RBOG) that no longer exist as stand-alone programs and does not reference their
replacement program (i.e., the RBDG program). This technical change is necessary
to claify how the Agency allocates funds for the RBDG program and to remove
reference to programs that no longer exist. List of Subjects in 7 CFR Part 1940
Administrative practice and procedure, Agriculture, Allocations, Grant
programs--Housing and community development, Loan programs-- Agriculture, Rural
areas. Accordingly, 7 CFR part 1940 is corrected by making the following
correcting amendment: PART 1940--GENERAL 0 1. The authority citation for part
1940 continues to read as follows: Authority: 5 U.S.C. 301; 7 U.S.C. 1989; 42
U.S.C. 1480. 0 2. Revise the heading for Sec. 1940.588 to read as follows: Sec.
1940.588 Business and Industry Guaranteed and Direct Loans, Rural Business
Development Grants, and Intermediary Relending Program. * * * * * Dated:
September 9, 2016. Lisa Mensah, Under Secretary, Rural Development. Dated:
September 16, 2016. Alexis M. Taylor, Deputy Under Secretary, Farm and Foreign
Agricultural Services. [FR Doc. 2016-23228 Filed 9-27-16; 8:45 am] BILLING CODE
3410-XY-P



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: November 21, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              33 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          September 28, 2016 Wednesday

FEDERAL REGISTER: Methodology and Formulas for Allocation of Loan and Grant
Program Funds; Correction Pages 66500 - 66500 [FR DOC # 2016-23228]

LENGTH: 577  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: Office of the Federal Register has issued the following notice:



 DEPARTMENT OF AGRICULTURE Rural Housing Service Rural Business-Cooperative
Service Rural Utilities Service Farm Service Agency 7 CFR Part 1940 RIN
0570-AA30 Methodology and Formulas for Allocation of Loan and Grant Program
Funds; Correction AGENCY: Rural Housing Sevice, Rural Business-Cooperative
Service, Rural Utilities Service, and Farm Service Agency, USDA. ACTION:
Correcting amendment.
----------------------------------------------------------------------- SUMMARY:
This document contains a correction to 7 CFR part 1940, subpart L, ``Methodology
and Formulas for Allocation of Loan and Grant Program Funds'' to provide
reference to the Rural Business Development Program, which replaced the Rural
Business Enterprise Grant program and the Rural Business Opportunity Grant
program. DATES: Effective on September 28, 2016. FOR FURTHER INFORMATION
CONTACT: Kristi Kubista-Hovis, Rural Development, Business Programs, U.S.
Department of Agriculture, 1400 Independence Avenue SW., STOP 3226, Washington,
DC 20250-3225; telephone (202) 720-0424; email
kristi.kubista-hovis@wdc.usda/gov.

SUPPLEMENTARY INFORMATION: Background The Agricultural Act of 2014 (2014 Farm
Bill) directed the Agency to combine the Rural Business Enterprise Grant (RBEG)
program and the Rural Business Opportunity Grant (RBOG) program into a single
new program entitled the Rural Business Development Grant (RBDG) program. The
Agency issued an interim rule with request for comment on March 25, 2015 (80 FR
15665) establishing the RBDG program and removing the applicable provisions
associated with the RBEG and RBOG programs. In the interim rule, the Agency
inadvertently did not update the title to 7 CFR 1940.588 to reflect the
replacement of the RBEG and RBOG programs with the new RBDG program. To correct
this oversight, the Agency is revising the title to 7 CFR 1940.588. This
correction has no substantive effect on how State allocations are made for the
RBDG program. Need for Correction As found in the Code of Federal Regulations,
the title to 7 CFR 1940.588 contains reference to two programs (i.e., RBEG and
RBOG) that no longer exist as stand-alone programs and does not reference their
replacement program (i.e., the RBDG program). This technical change is necessary
to claify how the Agency allocates funds for the RBDG program and to remove
reference to programs that no longer exist. List of Subjects in 7 CFR Part 1940
Administrative practice and procedure, Agriculture, Allocations, Grant
programs--Housing and community development, Loan programs-- Agriculture, Rural
areas. Accordingly, 7 CFR part 1940 is corrected by making the following
correcting amendment: PART 1940--GENERAL 0 1. The authority citation for part
1940 continues to read as follows: Authority: 5 U.S.C. 301; 7 U.S.C. 1989; 42
U.S.C. 1480. 0 2. Revise the heading for Sec. 1940.588 to read as follows: Sec.
1940.588 Business and Industry Guaranteed and Direct Loans, Rural Business
Development Grants, and Intermediary Relending Program. * * * * * Dated:
September 9, 2016. Lisa Mensah, Under Secretary, Rural Development. Dated:
September 16, 2016. Alexis M. Taylor, Deputy Under Secretary, Farm and Foreign
Agricultural Services. [FR Doc. 2016-23228 Filed 9-27-16; 8:45 am] BILLING CODE
3410-XY-P



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: November 21, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              34 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          September 28, 2016 Wednesday

FEDERAL REGISTER: Methodology and Formulas for Allocation of Loan and Grant
Program Funds; Correction Pages 66500 - 66500 [FR DOC # 2016-23228]

LENGTH: 577  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: Office of the Federal Register has issued the following notice:



 DEPARTMENT OF AGRICULTURE Rural Housing Service Rural Business-Cooperative
Service Rural Utilities Service Farm Service Agency 7 CFR Part 1940 RIN
0570-AA30 Methodology and Formulas for Allocation of Loan and Grant Program
Funds; Correction AGENCY: Rural Housing Sevice, Rural Business-Cooperative
Service, Rural Utilities Service, and Farm Service Agency, USDA. ACTION:
Correcting amendment.
----------------------------------------------------------------------- SUMMARY:
This document contains a correction to 7 CFR part 1940, subpart L, ``Methodology
and Formulas for Allocation of Loan and Grant Program Funds'' to provide
reference to the Rural Business Development Program, which replaced the Rural
Business Enterprise Grant program and the Rural Business Opportunity Grant
program. DATES: Effective on September 28, 2016. FOR FURTHER INFORMATION
CONTACT: Kristi Kubista-Hovis, Rural Development, Business Programs, U.S.
Department of Agriculture, 1400 Independence Avenue SW., STOP 3226, Washington,
DC 20250-3225; telephone (202) 720-0424; email
kristi.kubista-hovis@wdc.usda/gov.

SUPPLEMENTARY INFORMATION: Background The Agricultural Act of 2014 (2014 Farm
Bill) directed the Agency to combine the Rural Business Enterprise Grant (RBEG)
program and the Rural Business Opportunity Grant (RBOG) program into a single
new program entitled the Rural Business Development Grant (RBDG) program. The
Agency issued an interim rule with request for comment on March 25, 2015 (80 FR
15665) establishing the RBDG program and removing the applicable provisions
associated with the RBEG and RBOG programs. In the interim rule, the Agency
inadvertently did not update the title to 7 CFR 1940.588 to reflect the
replacement of the RBEG and RBOG programs with the new RBDG program. To correct
this oversight, the Agency is revising the title to 7 CFR 1940.588. This
correction has no substantive effect on how State allocations are made for the
RBDG program. Need for Correction As found in the Code of Federal Regulations,
the title to 7 CFR 1940.588 contains reference to two programs (i.e., RBEG and
RBOG) that no longer exist as stand-alone programs and does not reference their
replacement program (i.e., the RBDG program). This technical change is necessary
to claify how the Agency allocates funds for the RBDG program and to remove
reference to programs that no longer exist. List of Subjects in 7 CFR Part 1940
Administrative practice and procedure, Agriculture, Allocations, Grant
programs--Housing and community development, Loan programs-- Agriculture, Rural
areas. Accordingly, 7 CFR part 1940 is corrected by making the following
correcting amendment: PART 1940--GENERAL 0 1. The authority citation for part
1940 continues to read as follows: Authority: 5 U.S.C. 301; 7 U.S.C. 1989; 42
U.S.C. 1480. 0 2. Revise the heading for Sec. 1940.588 to read as follows: Sec.
1940.588 Business and Industry Guaranteed and Direct Loans, Rural Business
Development Grants, and Intermediary Relending Program. * * * * * Dated:
September 9, 2016. Lisa Mensah, Under Secretary, Rural Development. Dated:
September 16, 2016. Alexis M. Taylor, Deputy Under Secretary, Farm and Foreign
Agricultural Services. [FR Doc. 2016-23228 Filed 9-27-16; 8:45 am] BILLING CODE
3410-XY-P



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: September 29, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              35 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          September 28, 2016 Wednesday

FEDERAL REGISTER: Methodology and Formulas for Allocation of Loan and Grant
Program Funds; Correction Pages 66500 - 66500 [FR DOC # 2016-23228]

LENGTH: 577  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: Office of the Federal Register has issued the following notice:



 DEPARTMENT OF AGRICULTURE Rural Housing Service Rural Business-Cooperative
Service Rural Utilities Service Farm Service Agency 7 CFR Part 1940 RIN
0570-AA30 Methodology and Formulas for Allocation of Loan and Grant Program
Funds; Correction AGENCY: Rural Housing Sevice, Rural Business-Cooperative
Service, Rural Utilities Service, and Farm Service Agency, USDA. ACTION:
Correcting amendment.
----------------------------------------------------------------------- SUMMARY:
This document contains a correction to 7 CFR part 1940, subpart L, ``Methodology
and Formulas for Allocation of Loan and Grant Program Funds'' to provide
reference to the Rural Business Development Program, which replaced the Rural
Business Enterprise Grant program and the Rural Business Opportunity Grant
program. DATES: Effective on September 28, 2016. FOR FURTHER INFORMATION
CONTACT: Kristi Kubista-Hovis, Rural Development, Business Programs, U.S.
Department of Agriculture, 1400 Independence Avenue SW., STOP 3226, Washington,
DC 20250-3225; telephone (202) 720-0424; email
kristi.kubista-hovis@wdc.usda/gov.

SUPPLEMENTARY INFORMATION: Background The Agricultural Act of 2014 (2014 Farm
Bill) directed the Agency to combine the Rural Business Enterprise Grant (RBEG)
program and the Rural Business Opportunity Grant (RBOG) program into a single
new program entitled the Rural Business Development Grant (RBDG) program. The
Agency issued an interim rule with request for comment on March 25, 2015 (80 FR
15665) establishing the RBDG program and removing the applicable provisions
associated with the RBEG and RBOG programs. In the interim rule, the Agency
inadvertently did not update the title to 7 CFR 1940.588 to reflect the
replacement of the RBEG and RBOG programs with the new RBDG program. To correct
this oversight, the Agency is revising the title to 7 CFR 1940.588. This
correction has no substantive effect on how State allocations are made for the
RBDG program. Need for Correction As found in the Code of Federal Regulations,
the title to 7 CFR 1940.588 contains reference to two programs (i.e., RBEG and
RBOG) that no longer exist as stand-alone programs and does not reference their
replacement program (i.e., the RBDG program). This technical change is necessary
to claify how the Agency allocates funds for the RBDG program and to remove
reference to programs that no longer exist. List of Subjects in 7 CFR Part 1940
Administrative practice and procedure, Agriculture, Allocations, Grant
programs--Housing and community development, Loan programs-- Agriculture, Rural
areas. Accordingly, 7 CFR part 1940 is corrected by making the following
correcting amendment: PART 1940--GENERAL 0 1. The authority citation for part
1940 continues to read as follows: Authority: 5 U.S.C. 301; 7 U.S.C. 1989; 42
U.S.C. 1480. 0 2. Revise the heading for Sec. 1940.588 to read as follows: Sec.
1940.588 Business and Industry Guaranteed and Direct Loans, Rural Business
Development Grants, and Intermediary Relending Program. * * * * * Dated:
September 9, 2016. Lisa Mensah, Under Secretary, Rural Development. Dated:
September 16, 2016. Alexis M. Taylor, Deputy Under Secretary, Farm and Foreign
Agricultural Services. [FR Doc. 2016-23228 Filed 9-27-16; 8:45 am] BILLING CODE
3410-XY-P



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: September 29, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              36 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          September 28, 2016 Wednesday

FEDERAL REGISTER: Methodology and Formulas for Allocation of Loan and Grant
Program Funds; Correction Pages 66500 - 66500 [FR DOC # 2016-23228]

LENGTH: 577  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: Office of the Federal Register has issued the following notice:



 DEPARTMENT OF AGRICULTURE Rural Housing Service Rural Business-Cooperative
Service Rural Utilities Service Farm Service Agency 7 CFR Part 1940 RIN
0570-AA30 Methodology and Formulas for Allocation of Loan and Grant Program
Funds; Correction AGENCY: Rural Housing Sevice, Rural Business-Cooperative
Service, Rural Utilities Service, and Farm Service Agency, USDA. ACTION:
Correcting amendment.
----------------------------------------------------------------------- SUMMARY:
This document contains a correction to 7 CFR part 1940, subpart L, ``Methodology
and Formulas for Allocation of Loan and Grant Program Funds'' to provide
reference to the Rural Business Development Program, which replaced the Rural
Business Enterprise Grant program and the Rural Business Opportunity Grant
program. DATES: Effective on September 28, 2016. FOR FURTHER INFORMATION
CONTACT: Kristi Kubista-Hovis, Rural Development, Business Programs, U.S.
Department of Agriculture, 1400 Independence Avenue SW., STOP 3226, Washington,
DC 20250-3225; telephone (202) 720-0424; email
kristi.kubista-hovis@wdc.usda/gov.

SUPPLEMENTARY INFORMATION: Background The Agricultural Act of 2014 (2014 Farm
Bill) directed the Agency to combine the Rural Business Enterprise Grant (RBEG)
program and the Rural Business Opportunity Grant (RBOG) program into a single
new program entitled the Rural Business Development Grant (RBDG) program. The
Agency issued an interim rule with request for comment on March 25, 2015 (80 FR
15665) establishing the RBDG program and removing the applicable provisions
associated with the RBEG and RBOG programs. In the interim rule, the Agency
inadvertently did not update the title to 7 CFR 1940.588 to reflect the
replacement of the RBEG and RBOG programs with the new RBDG program. To correct
this oversight, the Agency is revising the title to 7 CFR 1940.588. This
correction has no substantive effect on how State allocations are made for the
RBDG program. Need for Correction As found in the Code of Federal Regulations,
the title to 7 CFR 1940.588 contains reference to two programs (i.e., RBEG and
RBOG) that no longer exist as stand-alone programs and does not reference their
replacement program (i.e., the RBDG program). This technical change is necessary
to claify how the Agency allocates funds for the RBDG program and to remove
reference to programs that no longer exist. List of Subjects in 7 CFR Part 1940
Administrative practice and procedure, Agriculture, Allocations, Grant
programs--Housing and community development, Loan programs-- Agriculture, Rural
areas. Accordingly, 7 CFR part 1940 is corrected by making the following
correcting amendment: PART 1940--GENERAL 0 1. The authority citation for part
1940 continues to read as follows: Authority: 5 U.S.C. 301; 7 U.S.C. 1989; 42
U.S.C. 1480. 0 2. Revise the heading for Sec. 1940.588 to read as follows: Sec.
1940.588 Business and Industry Guaranteed and Direct Loans, Rural Business
Development Grants, and Intermediary Relending Program. * * * * * Dated:
September 9, 2016. Lisa Mensah, Under Secretary, Rural Development. Dated:
September 16, 2016. Alexis M. Taylor, Deputy Under Secretary, Farm and Foreign
Agricultural Services. [FR Doc. 2016-23228 Filed 9-27-16; 8:45 am] BILLING CODE
3410-XY-P



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: September 29, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              37 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Deming Headlight (New Mexico)

                             June 12, 2014 Thursday

USDA economic development funds to create jobs

BYLINE: For the Headlight

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 638 words


WASHINGTON &GT;&GT; Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack today announced the
selection of 49 community-based organizations in 27 states, the District of
Columbia and the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico for grants to promote economic
growth, support rural business development and create jobs.

"These grants will bring increased economic opportunities to rural residents and
communities by strengthening the capacity of regional organizations to help
small and emerging businesses," Vilsack said. "They also will help organizations
experienced in economic development create more job opportunities for rural
residents across the country."

The USDA is making the investments through the Rural Community Development
Initiative Program. It helps community-based development organizations,
federally recognized Indian tribes and other groups promote economic growth in
low-income, rural communities. Recipients are required to obtain matching funds,
which increase the value of the grants. USDA does not provide the grants
directly to businesses or individuals. Instead, the Agency awards the money to
public or non-profit intermediaries. Much of the RCDI funding is regional in
nature and underscores the USDA's support of locally-based development
strategies.

USDA Rural Development State Director added Terry Brunner, "Our funding will
help finance organizations, like the Rio Grande Community Assistance Program,
that are helping to grow entrepreneurs and small businesses across rural New
Mexico. In New Mexico's economic recovery we can't forget the importance these
small business have to improving the overall economic situation in the state."

The Rio Grande Community Development Corporation will receive a $152,492 RCDI
grant to provide assistance to help the Southwest New Mexico Council of
Governments establish food manufacturing entrepreneurship in the rural and low
income counties of Catron, Grant, Hidalgo and Luna. The financial assistance
will help build new capacity through the development of incubator kitchens;
entrepreneurial training; distribution networks; and regional market planning.

Under the announcement, the USDA is providing $6.8 million in funding to
strengthen local and regional economic development enterprises. Funding for
recipients announced this is contingent upon the grantee meeting the terms of
the grant agreement.

The Rural Community Development Initiative program has a proven history of
bringing economic benefits to rural communities. In 2012, the Iowa Economic
Development Authority used a $200,000 RCDI grant to provide funds to IEDA to
help more than 50 non-profit recipients develop marketing and branding
strategies for community assets. Local groups learned how to collect and review
demographic data, and to identify business retention, expansion and recruitment
strategies. This process, dubbed "Re-Energizing Main Street's Economic
Performance," helped implement a revitalization and growth plan for downtown
businesses.

President Barack Obama's plan for rural America has brought about historic
investment and resulted in stronger rural communities. Under the President's
leadership, these investments in housing, community facilities, businesses and
infrastructure have empowered rural America to continue leading the way
strengthening America's economy, small towns and rural communities. The USDA's
investments in rural communities support the rural way of life that stands as
the backbone of our American values. About the USDA

The USDA is an equal opportunity provider and employer. To file a complaint of
discrimination, write: USDA, Office of the Assistant Secretary for Civil Rights,
Office of Adjudication, 1400 Independence Ave., SW, Washington, DC 20250-9410 or
call 866-632-9992 Toll-free Customer Service, 800-877-8339 Local or Federal
relay, 866- 377-8642 Relay voice users.

LOAD-DATE: June 13, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Vilsack

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


          Copyright 2014 Deming Headlight, a MediaNews Group Newspaper
                              All Rights Reserved


                              38 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          September 19, 2013 Thursday

Arkansas: White House Rural Council Hosts Forum on Regional Innovation Vilsack
Announces Loans and Grants to Create Jobs, Support Regional Economic Development

LENGTH: 945  words

DATELINE: Little Rock


Arkansas Agriculture Department, The State of Arkansas has issued the following
news release:

The White House Rural Council met today with officials from economic development
districts, county governments and non-profit organizations to discuss ways to
replicate successful regional economic development strategies.

"Innovative regional development can work especially well in rural areas because
it helps communities share resources across boundaries such as county and state
lines," Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack said. "By focusing on one or a few
common sectors, regional development can produce greater economic returns."

The forum at the White House Eisenhower Executive Office Building is the second
on regional economic development. The first was held in June 2012. Vilsack, who
chairs the White House Rural Council, delivered the keynote address at this
today's forum.

The White House Rural Council coordinates the Obama Administration's efforts in
rural America by improving the effectiveness of federal programs. It works with
public and private-sector partners on new ways to solve problems.

Attendees included John Morgan and James Baldwin, representing the Appalachian
Spring economic development project in Southwest Virginia. This project received
an $815,000 Rural Jobs and Innovation Accelerator Challenge grant in 2012 to
integrate downtown revitalization plans with cultural assets and natural
resources. Also in attendance was Valerie Klinefelter of Central Sierra Resource
Conservation and Development, in Jackson, Calif. The organization received a
$250,000 Rural Business Opportunity Grant in 2010 to provide technical
assistance for regional development. William Bolin of the Northern Arizona
Council of Governments is representing the Copper Corridor Stronger Economies
Together (SET) initiative. SET is a USDA initiative that helps rural communities
bring together local stakeholders to development strategic economic development
plans.

The U.S. Department of Agriculture's (USDA) commitment to regional economic
development spans several department wide initiatives. The The Know Your Farmer,
Know Your Food Initiative coordinates the Department's work on local and
regional food systems to grow regional economies, preserve regional agricultural
heritage and create additional opportunities for regional farmers and ranchers.
USDA's Strike Force Initiative for Rural Growth and Opportunity aligns USDA
resources to promote economic stability, job opportunities and regional growth
in targeted high poverty areas. It leverages efforts with the private sector and
community partners.

For more information on these initiatives and to read success stories, visit
www.usda.gov.

During today's forum, Vilsack announced the selection of 186 projects for USDA
Rural Development loans and grants to support economic development in rural
communities. The funding is being provided through the Community Facilities
program, the Intermediary Relending Program, the Rural Business Opportunity
Grant Program and the Rural Economic Development Loan and Grant Program.

In funding announced today, the Fresno Community Development Financial
Institution will be able to continue its regional economic development work
because it has been selected for a $500,000 Intermediary Relending Program loan
to support business development in central California. The organization will
re-lend the money to public and non-profit groups that will establish revolving
loan funds to support local businesses.

The Little Colorado River Plateau RC&D will receive a $50,000 Rural Business
Opportunity Grant to provide forest-based business development services in the
Cibecue region of Arizona. The organization coordinates technical and financial
assistance programs for Native American and other residents of Navajo County.

The city of Albion, Mich., will receive a $32,000 Community Facilities grant to
establish a community food hub and purchase commercial kitchen equipment. The
project will allow hub operators to provide education and job training on food
preparation and processing.

Funding for each award is contingent upon the recipient meeting the terms of the
loan or grant agreement. View the
http://www.rurdev.usda.gov/supportdocuments/WHRC_News_Release_Chart_9182013.pdf
here. In total, Vilsack today announced more than $27 million in support for
regional and economic development projects in 32 states and the District of
Columbia. USDA remains focused on carrying out its mission, despite a time of
significant budget uncertainty. Today's announcement is one part of the
Department's overall efforts to strengthen the rural economy.

President Obama's plan for rural America has brought about historic investment
and resulted in stronger rural communities. Under the President's leadership,
these investments in housing, community facilities, businesses and
infrastructure have empowered rural America to continue leading the way -
strengthening America's economy, small towns and rural communities. USDA's
investments in rural communities support the rural way of life that stands as
the backbone of our American values. President Obama and Secretary Vilsack are
committed to a smarter use of federal resources to foster sustainable economic
prosperity and ensure the government is a strong partner for businesses,
entrepreneurs and working families in rural communities.

USDA, through its Rural Development mission area, has a portfolio of programs
designed to improve the economic stability of rural communities, businesses,
residents, farmers and ranchers and improve the quality of life in rural
America.

For further information please visit: http://aad.arkansas.gov/

LOAD-DATE: September 20, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              39 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           The Taos News (New Mexico)

                            April 22, 2010 Thursday

USDA OFFERS $2.5M IN RURAL GRANTS

BYLINE: MATTHEW VAN BUREN

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. B-10

LENGTH: 345 words


By Matthew van Buren

The Taos News

The U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA) is offering $2.48 million in federal
grants to aid economic development in rural areas.

According to information from the USDA, public bodies, nonprofit organizations,
tribal governments and cooperatives in rural areas are eligible for funding
under the Rural Business Opportunity Grant (RBOG) program. "Rural" is defined as
an area with fewer than 50,000 inhabitants.

"Funding under the RBOG program can be used to pay for economic planning,
technical assistance and training for rural communities, entrepreneurs or
economic development officials," a USDA release states.

A variety of projects are eligible for grants, including those that analyze
local business opportunities, train or provide technical assistance to rural
businesses, establish business support centers or conduct economic development
planning.

Funding priorities under the grant program include projects that are sustainable
in the long-term, are critical components of larger economic development
programs or address long-term poverty, population decline or job deterioration,
according to a USDA release.

"As a longtime rural resident, I am optimistic about President Obama's vision
for a stronger, more prosperous rural America," Agriculture Undersecretary for
Rural Development Dallas Tonsager is quoted as saying. "These grants can be the
foundation for implementing the president's vision of developing initiatives
that emphasize expanding exports, linking farm production to local consumption,
producing biofuels and renewable energy, capitalizing on broadband and
innovatively using natural resources as wealth-building tools for rural places."

Grants for projects serving a single state can reach $50,000; projects serving
multiple states can receive $150,000 in grant funding. Grant funds cannot be
spent on land or construction.

The deadline to apply is June 28 at 4 p.m. Applications must be received at the
USDA state office in Albuquerque by that time. For more information, call (505)
761-4953 or visit rurdev.usda.gov.

LOAD-DATE: May 1, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: See pdf's for exact rendition, caption, graphics and photographer info.


PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2010 The Taos News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              40 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             May 25, 2016 Wednesday

Washington: Klobuchar, Franken, Peterson, Nolan Announce USDA Grant Awarded to
Boost Rural Economic Development in Minnesota

LENGTH: 409  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: Office of the MP Collin Peterson has issued the following news
release:



 U.S. Senators Amy Klobuchar and Al Franken, along with Representatives Collin
Peterson and Rick Nolan, today announced that the U.S. Department of Agriculture
(USDA) has awarded a grant to Minnesota's The Initiative Foundation. The USDA
awarded grants to 23 organizations to support rural and economic development
projects. The Initiative Foundation in Minnesota was selected for a $173,372
grant to provide training, technical assistance and financial support to 20
non-profit intermediaries that are locally-based and skilled in business
development and job creation.





 "Minnesota's own The Initiative Foundation was chosen to receive this grant
because of its dedication to improving rural economies," said Klobuchar. "Our
nation's strength is anchored in our rural com unities. This grant will ensure
that The Initiative Foundation can continue to support the important job
creation and business development efforts of Minnesota's non-profits."



 "Investing in our rural com unities is good for Minnesota's overall economic
health and it's good for the entire country," said Franken. "And one of my top
priorities it to expand our workforce and get people the training they need for
middle-class, good-paying jobs. This new support will help create jobs and
economic opportunity in rural Minnesota."



 "Making investments in rural com unities and connecting important resources to
rural citizens is essential to keeping rural areas thriving," Peterson said.
"This grant will support job creation and benefit the rural economy."



 "Here in Minnesota's Eighth District, our rural economy depends on small
business development and job creation," Nolan said. "This grant for The
Initiative Foundation will help bolster our rural com unities by providing the
training, technical assistance and financial support needed to support these
important rural and economic development projects."



 The award is being provided through the Rural Community Development Initiative
(RCDI) program. RCDI helps com unity-based development organizations and other
groups promote economic development in low-incom , rural com unities. Awards are
provided to public or non-profit intermediaries that are locally-based and
skilled in business development and job creation.





 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:

 editorial@plusmediasolutions.com br/>

LOAD-DATE: May 25, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              41 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Brattleboro Reformer (Vermont)

                              May 20, 2016 Friday

Brattleboro DCC receives USDA grant

BYLINE: Special to the Reformer

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 789 words


BRATTLEBORO &GT;&GT; The U.S. Department of Agriculture announced Friday that
the Brattleboro Development Credit Corporation received a $230,000 grant to
bolster economic development in 11 Windham and Bennington communities.

BDCC will provide technical assistance to local non-profits and long term
strategic economic development planning for the region with the funding.

"The Southern Vermont Economy Project seeks to engage the relationships built
during the post Irene recovery and enhance the capacity of these on-the-ground
organizations to deliver economic development services to areas in need," said
USDA Rural Development Vermont and New Hampshire State Director Ted Brady. "BDCC
recognizes that communities are stronger together than apart and will use this
project to rebuild southern Vermont's economic foundation."

BDCC's Executive Director Adam Grinold said that the Southern Vermont Economy
Project will focus its efforts on community economic development over the course
of two years.

"We look forward to working closely with the many organizations across southern
Vermont, helping align their efforts where appropriate, aiming to reduce
redundancies and improve efficiency across the region," said Grinold. "The BDCC
looks forward to working with our colleagues across the Southern Vermont
Economic Development Zone to identify areas for integration, collaboration and
partnership."

The BDCC Rural Development funds will be used to develop regional capacity to
support economic development across Windham and Bennington counties, building on
a successful collaboration formed as the region struggled to recover from the
devastating effects of Tropical Storm Irene in 2011. In 2015 The Southern
Vermont Economic Development Zone, which was established by an act of the
Vermont legislature highlighting the need for regional cooperation. This effort
will be by and between public and private sector partners concerning economic
development initiatives such as workforce training, retention, recruitment, and
sustainable business investment.

With the grant, the nonprofit will hire an economic development professional to
provide technical support in Rupert, Peru, Searsburg, Readsboro, Bennington,
Rockingham, Bellows Falls, Wardsboro, Marlboro, Halifax and Brattleboro.

In 2015 the Vermont Legislature created the Southern Vermont Economic
Development Zone. The BDCC will invest these funds to help build a framework for
regional cooperation by and between public sector and private sector partners
within the zone concerning economic development initiatives; workforce training,
retention, and recruitment; and sustainable business investment. Grinold further
explains, "We look forward to working closely with the many organizations across
southern Vermont, helping align their efforts where appropriate, aiming to
reduce redundancies and improve efficiency across the region"

The grant was part of more than $4 million in grants to 23 organizations to
support rural economic development projects. The awards and the request for
applications are being provided through the Rural Community Development
Initiative program. RCDI helps community-based development organizations,
federally recognized Indian tribes and other groups promote economic development
in low-income, rural communities

RCDI grants are not provided directly to businesses or individuals. Instead,
awards are provided to public or non-profit intermediaries that are
locally-based and skilled in business development and job creation. Recipients
must obtain matching funds, which doubles the impact of the grants.

USDA Rural Development funded BDCC's project through the Rural Community
Development Initiative grant program that supports non-profit organizations in
improving housing, community facilities, and community and economic development
in rural areas. BDCC was one of 23 organizations nationwide to receive part of
more than $4 million in funding announced Friday. The USDA is currently
accepting applications for the RCDI program. For the 2016 grant application and
more information on the RCDI program visit www.rd.usda.gov/programs-services /
rural-community-development-initiative-grants.

USDA, through its rural development mission area, administers and manages
housing, business and community infrastructure programs through a national
network of state and local offices. Rural Development has an active portfolio of
$214 billion in loans and loan guarantees. These programs are designed to
improve the economic stability of rural communities, businesses, residents,
farmers and ranchers and improve the quality of life in rural areas. For more
information on Rural Development visit www.rd.usda.gov/nh or www.rd.usda.gov/vt
) or call 802-828-6000.

LOAD-DATE: May 21, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


   Copyright 2016 MediaNews Group, Inc. and New England Newspaper Group Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              42 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             April 5, 2016 Tuesday

Washington: USDA Announces $18.1 Million to Help Rural Businesses Create Jobs

LENGTH: 867 words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Washington: United States Department of Agriculture has issued the following
news release:



 Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack today announced loans and grants for 92
projects worth $18.1 million to help support the start-up or expansion of rural
small businesses. These funds are part of more than 20,000 grants and loans to
more than 85,000 rural businesses USDA's Rural Business-Cooperative Service has
awarded since the start of the Obama administration.





 "I am proud of the work USDA has done to help small businesses grow in rural
America because they are the engine that creates jobs," Vilsack said. "These
funds will allow small and emerging businesses and the organizations that
support them to get the financing they need to strengthen their operations,
create jobs and expand economic opportunities. Thanks to the 2014 Farm Bill, we
can continue this work in a more streamlined and efficient way to benefit small
businesses and the American taxpayer."



 USDA is awarding the funds through the Rural Economic Development Loan and
Grant (REDLG) program, the Intermediary Relending Program (IRP) and the Rural
Business Development Grant (RBDG) program.



 USDA provides grants or zero-interest loans through the REDLG program to
utilities that in turn fund projects to create and retain employment in rural
areas. Vilsack announced $11.7 million in REDLG loans and grants for 18
recipients.



 One of the organizations receiving funds under the REDLG program is the South
Mississippi Electric Power Association, which has been selected for a $2 million
loan. It will lend part of that to the city of Greenwood, which will buy and
renovate a building for the Milwaukee Tools company. This project is expected to
create more than 100 jobs in Lenore County. Lenore is one of many counties
across the nation USDA has targeted for special assistance through the
StrikeForce Initiative for Rural Growth and Opportunity. USDA launched
StrikeForce in 2010 to increase investments in rural communities through
intensive outreach and stronger partnerships with community leaders, businesses,
foundations and other groups that are working to combat poverty.



 In the Intermediary Relending Program (IRP), Vilsack announced $2.5 million for
three IRP recipients. Colorado's First Southwest Bank is receiving a $1 million
loan for business and community development in 11 counties in the southwest part
of the state. The IRP program provides 1 percent loans to non-profit groups,
cooperatives, federally recognized tribes and public agencies.



 USDA is awarding 71 Rural Business Development Grants totaling $4 million.
Congress established the RBDG program in the 2014 Farm Bill by combining the
Rural Business Enterprise Grant program and the Rural Business Opportunity Grant
program. One of the RBDG recipients, the Tennessee College of Applied
Technology-Morristown, will receive a $110,020 grant to buy state-of-the-art
equipment to train students in advanced manufacturing. The Northern Community
Investment Corporation in Vermont is receiving two grants totaling $454,892 to
establish a revolving fund and to provide technical assistance and professional
consulting to help small businesses.



 Past examples of how these awards have helped grow the economy in rural America
include:



     Sisters Kim Brigham Campbell and Terrie Brigham, in Oregon's Hood River
County, used part of an IRP loan awarded to the Mid-Columbia Economic
Development District to open a retail store. They sell salmon, steelhead,
sturgeon and other fish harvested from sites that have been passed down within
this Native American family for generations. The store opened in May 2014.

     USDA's REDLG program is fueling the growth of a firm in Eastern Kentucky.
USDA awarded a $740,000 REDLG loan to the Jackson Energy Cooperative in FY 2011.
The Cooperative, in turn, loaned a portion of those funds to Senture, which
constructed a building where it provides call-center and support services for
private companies and government agencies. Senture is a family-owned business
headquartered in London.

     In FY 2014, USDA Rural Development awarded a $64,990 Rural Business
Enterprise Grant to Sustainable Northwest, a non-profit in Portland, Ore., to
find commercial uses and markets for Western Juniper. It is a widespread and
often problematic species in central and eastern parts of the state. Sustainable
Northwest is using USDA's grant to help create timber and forestry jobs in rural
Oregon and contribute to ecosystem restoration by identifying additional uses
for Western Juniper wood products.



 The funding for today's awardees totals $18.1 million and is contingent upon
the recipients meeting the terms of the loan and grant agreements.



 President Obama's plan for rural America has brought about historic investment
and resulted in stronger rural communities. Under the President's leadership,
these investments in housing, community facilities, businesses and
infrastructure have empowered rural America to continue leading the way -
strengthening America's economy, small towns and rural communities.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:

 editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: April 6, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              43 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Bangor Daily News (Maine)

                            March 25, 2009 Wednesday
                                  All Editions

Applications available for rural business grants

SECTION: Pg. B6

LENGTH: 210 words

DATELINE: AUGUSTA


U.S. Department of Agriculture Rural Development is accepting applications for
Rural Business Opportunity Grants.

Grants of up to $50,000 per application are available from the Rural Business
Opportunity Grant program for fiscal year 2009 to be competitively awarded. For
multistate projects, grant funds of up to $150,000 will be available on a
competitive basis.

The primary objective of the program is to improve the economic conditions of
rural areas. Assistance provided to rural areas under this program may include
technical assistance for business development and economic development planning.

Grants may be made to public bodies, nonprofit corporations, Indian tribes on
federal or state reservations and other federally recognized tribal groups, and
cooperatives with members who are primarily rural residents and who conduct
activities for the mutual benefit of the members.

The deadline for the receipt of applications in the Rural Development State
Office is March 31.

For information and copies of the application package, contact Mike Grondin,
business and cooperative programs director, at 990-9168.

Applications should be addressed to Michael Grondin, USDA Rural Development
State Office, 967 Illinois Ave., Suite 4, P.O. Box 405, Bangor 04402-0405.

LOAD-DATE: March 25, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2009 Bangor Daily News


                              44 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            October 4, 2016 Tuesday

Washington: USDA Announces $18.1 Million to Help Rural Businesses Create Jobs

LENGTH: 867  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: United States Department of Agriculture has issued the following
news release:



 Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack today announced loans and grants for 92
projects worth $18.1 million to help support the start-up or expansion of rural
small businesses. These funds are part of more than 20,000 grants and loans to
more than 85,000 rural businesses USDA's Rural Business-Cooperative Service has
awarded since the start of the Obama administration.





 "I am proud of the work USDA has done to help small businesses grow in rural
America because they are the engine that creates jobs," Vilsack said. "These
funds will allow small and emerging businesses and the organizations that
support them to get the financing they need to strengthen their operations,
create jobs and expand economic opportunities. Thanks to the 2014 Farm Bill, we
can continue this work in a more streamlined and efficient way to benefit small
businesses and the American taxpayer."



 USDA is awarding the funds through the Rural Economic Development Loan and
Grant (REDLG) program, the Intermediary Relending Program (IRP) and the Rural
Business Development Grant (RBDG) program.



 USDA provides grants or zero-interest loans through the REDLG program to
utilities that in turn fund projects to create and retain employment in rural
areas. Vilsack announced $11.7 million in REDLG loans and grants for 18
recipients.



 One of the organizations receiving funds under the REDLG program is the South
Mississippi Electric Power Association, which has been selected for a $2 million
loan. It will lend part of that to the city of Greenwood, which will buy and
renovate a building for the Milwaukee Tools company. This project is expected to
create more than 100 jobs in Lenore County. Lenore is one of many counties
across the nation USDA has targeted for special assistance through the
StrikeForce Initiative for Rural Growth and Opportunity. USDA launched
StrikeForce in 2010 to increase investments in rural communities through
intensive outreach and stronger partnerships with community leaders, businesses,
foundations and other groups that are working to combat poverty.



 In the Intermediary Relending Program (IRP), Vilsack announced $2.5 million for
three IRP recipients. Colorado's First Southwest Bank is receiving a $1 million
loan for business and community development in 11 counties in the southwest part
of the state. The IRP program provides 1 percent loans to non-profit groups,
cooperatives, federally recognized tribes and public agencies.



 USDA is awarding 71 Rural Business Development Grants totaling $4 million.
Congress established the RBDG program in the 2014 Farm Bill by combining the
Rural Business Enterprise Grant program and the Rural Business Opportunity Grant
program. One of the RBDG recipients, the Tennessee College of Applied
Technology-Morristown, will receive a $110,020 grant to buy state-of-the-art
equipment to train students in advanced manufacturing. The Northern Community
Investment Corporation in Vermont is receiving two grants totaling $454,892 to
establish a revolving fund and to provide technical assistance and professional
consulting to help small businesses.



 Past examples of how these awards have helped grow the economy in rural America
include:



     Sisters Kim Brigham Campbell and Terrie Brigham, in Oregon's Hood River
County, used part of an IRP loan awarded to the Mid-Columbia Economic
Development District to open a retail store. They sell salmon, steelhead,
sturgeon and other fish harvested from sites that have been passed down within
this Native American family for generations. The store opened in May 2014.

     USDA's REDLG program is fueling the growth of a firm in Eastern Kentucky.
USDA awarded a $740,000 REDLG loan to the Jackson Energy Cooperative in FY 2011.
The Cooperative, in turn, loaned a portion of those funds to Senture, which
constructed a building where it provides call-center and support services for
private companies and government agencies. Senture is a family-owned business
headquartered in London.

     In FY 2014, USDA Rural Development awarded a $64,990 Rural Business
Enterprise Grant to Sustainable Northwest, a non-profit in Portland, Ore., to
find commercial uses and markets for Western Juniper. It is a widespread and
often problematic species in central and eastern parts of the state. Sustainable
Northwest is using USDA's grant to help create timber and forestry jobs in rural
Oregon and contribute to ecosystem restoration by identifying additional uses
for Western Juniper wood products.



 The funding for today's awardees totals $18.1 million and is contingent upon
the recipients meeting the terms of the loan and grant agreements.



 President Obama's plan for rural America has brought about historic investment
and resulted in stronger rural communities. Under the President's leadership,
these investments in housing, community facilities, businesses and
infrastructure have empowered rural America to continue leading the way -
strengthening America's economy, small towns and rural communities.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:

 editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 4, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              45 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            October 4, 2016 Tuesday

Washington: USDA Announces $18.1 Million to Help Rural Businesses Create Jobs

LENGTH: 867  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: United States Department of Agriculture has issued the following
news release:



 Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack today announced loans and grants for 92
projects worth $18.1 million to help support the start-up or expansion of rural
small businesses. These funds are part of more than 20,000 grants and loans to
more than 85,000 rural businesses USDA's Rural Business-Cooperative Service has
awarded since the start of the Obama administration.





 "I am proud of the work USDA has done to help small businesses grow in rural
America because they are the engine that creates jobs," Vilsack said. "These
funds will allow small and emerging businesses and the organizations that
support them to get the financing they need to strengthen their operations,
create jobs and expand economic opportunities. Thanks to the 2014 Farm Bill, we
can continue this work in a more streamlined and efficient way to benefit small
businesses and the American taxpayer."



 USDA is awarding the funds through the Rural Economic Development Loan and
Grant (REDLG) program, the Intermediary Relending Program (IRP) and the Rural
Business Development Grant (RBDG) program.



 USDA provides grants or zero-interest loans through the REDLG program to
utilities that in turn fund projects to create and retain employment in rural
areas. Vilsack announced $11.7 million in REDLG loans and grants for 18
recipients.



 One of the organizations receiving funds under the REDLG program is the South
Mississippi Electric Power Association, which has been selected for a $2 million
loan. It will lend part of that to the city of Greenwood, which will buy and
renovate a building for the Milwaukee Tools company. This project is expected to
create more than 100 jobs in Lenore County. Lenore is one of many counties
across the nation USDA has targeted for special assistance through the
StrikeForce Initiative for Rural Growth and Opportunity. USDA launched
StrikeForce in 2010 to increase investments in rural communities through
intensive outreach and stronger partnerships with community leaders, businesses,
foundations and other groups that are working to combat poverty.



 In the Intermediary Relending Program (IRP), Vilsack announced $2.5 million for
three IRP recipients. Colorado's First Southwest Bank is receiving a $1 million
loan for business and community development in 11 counties in the southwest part
of the state. The IRP program provides 1 percent loans to non-profit groups,
cooperatives, federally recognized tribes and public agencies.



 USDA is awarding 71 Rural Business Development Grants totaling $4 million.
Congress established the RBDG program in the 2014 Farm Bill by combining the
Rural Business Enterprise Grant program and the Rural Business Opportunity Grant
program. One of the RBDG recipients, the Tennessee College of Applied
Technology-Morristown, will receive a $110,020 grant to buy state-of-the-art
equipment to train students in advanced manufacturing. The Northern Community
Investment Corporation in Vermont is receiving two grants totaling $454,892 to
establish a revolving fund and to provide technical assistance and professional
consulting to help small businesses.



 Past examples of how these awards have helped grow the economy in rural America
include:



     Sisters Kim Brigham Campbell and Terrie Brigham, in Oregon's Hood River
County, used part of an IRP loan awarded to the Mid-Columbia Economic
Development District to open a retail store. They sell salmon, steelhead,
sturgeon and other fish harvested from sites that have been passed down within
this Native American family for generations. The store opened in May 2014.

     USDA's REDLG program is fueling the growth of a firm in Eastern Kentucky.
USDA awarded a $740,000 REDLG loan to the Jackson Energy Cooperative in FY 2011.
The Cooperative, in turn, loaned a portion of those funds to Senture, which
constructed a building where it provides call-center and support services for
private companies and government agencies. Senture is a family-owned business
headquartered in London.

     In FY 2014, USDA Rural Development awarded a $64,990 Rural Business
Enterprise Grant to Sustainable Northwest, a non-profit in Portland, Ore., to
find commercial uses and markets for Western Juniper. It is a widespread and
often problematic species in central and eastern parts of the state. Sustainable
Northwest is using USDA's grant to help create timber and forestry jobs in rural
Oregon and contribute to ecosystem restoration by identifying additional uses
for Western Juniper wood products.



 The funding for today's awardees totals $18.1 million and is contingent upon
the recipients meeting the terms of the loan and grant agreements.



 President Obama's plan for rural America has brought about historic investment
and resulted in stronger rural communities. Under the President's leadership,
these investments in housing, community facilities, businesses and
infrastructure have empowered rural America to continue leading the way -
strengthening America's economy, small towns and rural communities.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:

 editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 5, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              46 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           September 27, 2016 Tuesday

USDA Announces $18.1 Million to Help Rural Businesses Create Jobs

LENGTH: 928  words

DATELINE: New York



 Phoenix: Retirement System, The State of Arizona has issued the following news
release:

  Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack today announced loans and grants for 92
projects worth $18.1 million to help support the start-up or expansion of rural
small businesses. These funds are part of more than 20,000 grants and loans to
more than 85,000 rural businesses USDA's Rural Business-Cooperative Service has
awarded since the start of the Obama administration.





 "I am proud of the work USDA has done to help small businesses grow in rural
America because they are the engine that creates jobs," Vilsack said. "These
funds will allow small and emerging businesses and the organizations that
support them to get the financing they need to strengthen their operations,
create jobs and expand economic opportunities. Thanks to the 2014 Farm Bill, we
can continue this work in a more streamlined and efficient way to benefit small
businesses and the American taxpayer."



 USDA is awarding the funds through the Rural Economic Development Loan and
Grant (REDLG) program, the Intermediary Relending Program (IRP) and the Rural
Business Development Grant (RBDG) program.



 USDA provides grants or zero-interest loans through the REDLG program to
utilities that in turn fund projects to create and retain employment in rural
areas. Vilsack announced $11.7 million in REDLG loans and grants for 18
recipients.



 One of the organizations receiving funds under the REDLG program is the South
Mississippi Electric Power Association, which has been selected for a $2 million
loan. It will lend part of that to the city of Greenwood, which will buy and
renovate a building for the Milwaukee Tools company. This project is expected to
create more than 100 jobs in Lenore County. Lenore is one of many counties
across the nation USDA has targeted for special assistance through the
StrikeForce Initiative for Rural Growth and Opportunity. USDA launched
StrikeForce in 2010 to increase investments in rural communities through
intensive outreach and stronger partnerships with community leaders, businesses,
foundations and other groups that are working to combat poverty.



 In the Intermediary Relending Program (IRP), Vilsack announced $2.5 million for
three IRP recipients. Colorado's First Southwest Bank is receiving a $1 million
loan for business and community development in 11 counties in the southwest part
of the state. The IRP program provides 1 percent loans to non-profit groups,
cooperatives, federally recognized tribes and public agencies.



 USDA is awarding 71 Rural Business Development Grants totaling $4 million.
Congress established the RBDG program in the 2014 Farm Bill by combining the
Rural Business Enterprise Grant program and the Rural Business Opportunity Grant
program. One of the RBDG recipients, the Tennessee College of Applied
Technology-Morristown, will receive a $110,020 grant to buy state-of-the-art
equipment to train students in advanced manufacturing. The Northern Community
Investment Corporation in Vermont is receiving two grants totaling $454,892 to
establish a revolving fund and to provide technical assistance and professional
consulting to help small businesses.



 Past examples of how these awards have helped grow the economy in rural America
include:



     Sisters Kim Brigham Campbell and Terrie Brigham, in Oregon's Hood River
County, used part of an IRP loan awarded to the Mid-Columbia Economic
Development District to open a retail store. They sell salmon, steelhead,
sturgeon and other fish harvested from sites that have been passed down within
this Native American family for generations. The store opened in May 2014.

     USDA's REDLG program is fueling the growth of a firm in Eastern Kentucky.
USDA awarded a $740,000 REDLG loan to the Jackson Energy Cooperative in FY 2011.
The Cooperative, in turn, loaned a portion of those funds to Senture, which
constructed a building where it provides call-center and support services for
private companies and government agencies. Senture is a family-owned business
headquartered in London.

     In FY 2014, USDA Rural Development awarded a $64,990 Rural Business
Enterprise Grant to Sustainable Northwest, a non-profit in Portland, Ore., to
find commercial uses and markets for Western Juniper. It is a widespread and
often problematic species in central and eastern parts of the state. Sustainable
Northwest is using USDA's grant to help create timber and forestry jobs in rural
Oregon and contribute to ecosystem restoration by identifying additional uses
for Western Juniper wood products.



 The funding for today's awardees totals $18.1 million and is contingent upon
the recipients meeting the terms of the loan and grant agreements.



 President Obama's plan for rural America has brought about historic investment
and resulted in stronger rural communities. Under the President's leadership,
these investments in housing, community facilities, businesses and
infrastructure have empowered rural America to continue leading the way -
strengthening America's economy, small towns and rural communities.



 #



 USDA is an equal opportunity provider and employer. To file a complaint of
discrimination, write: USDA, Office of the Assistant Secretary for Civil Rights,
Office of Adjudication, 1400 Independence Ave., SW, Washington, DC 20250-9410 or
call (866) 632-9992 (Toll-free Customer Service), (800) 877-8339 (Local or
Federal relay), (866) 377-8642 (Relay voice users).

 ee



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content please contact:
editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: September 28, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              47 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             July 30, 2016 Saturday

Washington: USDA Announces $18.1 Million to Help Rural Businesses Create Jobs

LENGTH: 867  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: United States Department of Agriculture has issued the following
news release:



 Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack today announced loans and grants for 92
projects worth $18.1 million to help support the start-up or expansion of rural
small businesses. These funds are part of more than 20,000 grants and loans to
more than 85,000 rural businesses USDA's Rural Business-Cooperative Service has
awarded since the start of the Obama administration.





 "I am proud of the work USDA has done to help small businesses grow in rural
America because they are the engine that creates jobs," Vilsack said. "These
funds will allow small and emerging businesses and the organizations that
support them to get the financing they need to strengthen their operations,
create jobs and expand economic opportunities. Thanks to the 2014 Farm Bill, we
can continue this work in a more streamlined and efficient way to benefit small
businesses and the American taxpayer."



 USDA is awarding the funds through the Rural Economic Development Loan and
Grant (REDLG) program, the Intermediary Relending Program (IRP) and the Rural
Business Development Grant (RBDG) program.



 USDA provides grants or zero-interest loans through the REDLG program to
utilities that in turn fund projects to create and retain employment in rural
areas. Vilsack announced $11.7 million in REDLG loans and grants for 18
recipients.



 One of the organizations receiving funds under the REDLG program is the South
Mississippi Electric Power Association, which has been selected for a $2 million
loan. It will lend part of that to the city of Greenwood, which will buy and
renovate a building for the Milwaukee Tools company. This project is expected to
create more than 100 jobs in Lenore County. Lenore is one of many counties
across the nation USDA has targeted for special assistance through the
StrikeForce Initiative for Rural Growth and Opportunity. USDA launched
StrikeForce in 2010 to increase investments in rural communities through
intensive outreach and stronger partnerships with community leaders, businesses,
foundations and other groups that are working to combat poverty.



 In the Intermediary Relending Program (IRP), Vilsack announced $2.5 million for
three IRP recipients. Colorado's First Southwest Bank is receiving a $1 million
loan for business and community development in 11 counties in the southwest part
of the state. The IRP program provides 1 percent loans to non-profit groups,
cooperatives, federally recognized tribes and public agencies.



 USDA is awarding 71 Rural Business Development Grants totaling $4 million.
Congress established the RBDG program in the 2014 Farm Bill by combining the
Rural Business Enterprise Grant program and the Rural Business Opportunity Grant
program. One of the RBDG recipients, the Tennessee College of Applied
Technology-Morristown, will receive a $110,020 grant to buy state-of-the-art
equipment to train students in advanced manufacturing. The Northern Community
Investment Corporation in Vermont is receiving two grants totaling $454,892 to
establish a revolving fund and to provide technical assistance and professional
consulting to help small businesses.



 Past examples of how these awards have helped grow the economy in rural America
include:



     Sisters Kim Brigham Campbell and Terrie Brigham, in Oregon's Hood River
County, used part of an IRP loan awarded to the Mid-Columbia Economic
Development District to open a retail store. They sell salmon, steelhead,
sturgeon and other fish harvested from sites that have been passed down within
this Native American family for generations. The store opened in May 2014.

     USDA's REDLG program is fueling the growth of a firm in Eastern Kentucky.
USDA awarded a $740,000 REDLG loan to the Jackson Energy Cooperative in FY 2011.
The Cooperative, in turn, loaned a portion of those funds to Senture, which
constructed a building where it provides call-center and support services for
private companies and government agencies. Senture is a family-owned business
headquartered in London.

     In FY 2014, USDA Rural Development awarded a $64,990 Rural Business
Enterprise Grant to Sustainable Northwest, a non-profit in Portland, Ore., to
find commercial uses and markets for Western Juniper. It is a widespread and
often problematic species in central and eastern parts of the state. Sustainable
Northwest is using USDA's grant to help create timber and forestry jobs in rural
Oregon and contribute to ecosystem restoration by identifying additional uses
for Western Juniper wood products.



 The funding for today's awardees totals $18.1 million and is contingent upon
the recipients meeting the terms of the loan and grant agreements.



 President Obama's plan for rural America has brought about historic investment
and resulted in stronger rural communities. Under the President's leadership,
these investments in housing, community facilities, businesses and
infrastructure have empowered rural America to continue leading the way -
strengthening America's economy, small towns and rural communities.





 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:

 editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: July 31, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              48 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                    The Sedalia Democrat (Sedalia, Missouri)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                              May 17, 2010 Monday

Rural Development accepting grant applications

BYLINE: The Sedalia Democrat, Sedalia, Mo.

SECTION: BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL NEWS

LENGTH: 451 words


May 17--The United States Department of Agriculture's Rural Development program
is accepting applications for grants and loan guarantees for farmers and rural
small businesses to install renewable energy systems or to make energy
efficiency improvements.

The grants will be administered through the agency's Rural Energy for America
Program.

According to a news release from the USDA, the REAP grants can provide financial
assistance for 25 percent of the eligible cost for the purchase and installation
of a renewable energy system or to make energy efficiency improvements.

The maximum grant for renewable energy systems is $500,000 or $250,000 for
energy efficiency improvement projects. Grant applications are selected for
funding on a competitive basis, and priority will be given to grant requests of
$20,000 or less, the release stated.

To be eligible for renewable energy and energy efficiency grants, applicants
must be either agricultural producers earning at least 51 percent of gross
income from agricultural production, or a small business, as defined by the U.S.
Small Business Administration. Projects must be located in rural areas with a
population of 50,000 or less.

The proposed renewable energy or energy efficiency technology must be
commercially available in order to be eligible for the REAP program. Residential
applications are not eligible, according to the release.

In addition to grant funding, the REAP program offers loan guarantees to assist
with financing for eligible projects. The maximum loan guarantee is 75 percent
of eligible project costs and no more than $25 million. Combination funding from
grants and loan guarantees also is available.

The Missouri office has received approximately $1.2 million in REAP grant funds
allocation. In order to be considered to receive funding from the Missouri state
allocation of funds, applications must be received by USDA Rural Development no
later than 4:30 p.m. on June 1. If an application is received by USDA after June
1 but before June 30, then the application may only be considered to receive
funding from the national funding allocation.

Applications may be obtained by contacting USDA Rural Development, Business and
Community Programs, at 573-876-0995, or online at
rurdev.usda.gov/mo/REAP_index.htm.

To see more of The Sedalia Democrat or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.sedaliademocrat.com. Copyright (c) 2010, The Sedalia Democrat,
Sedalia, Mo. Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For
reprints, email tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or
847-635-6550, send a fax to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group
Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave., Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: May 17, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20100517-SX-Rural-Development-accepting-grant-applications-0517

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: SX


                      Copyright 2010 The Sedalia Democrat


                              49 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                             Ottumwa Courier (Iowa)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                          September 30, 2015 Wednesday

IHCC awarded 40,820 USDA Grant to train small businesses in southeast Iowa

BYLINE: Megan Berberich, Ottumwa Courier, Iowa

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 378 words


Sept. 30--OTTUMWA -- Indian Hills Community College recently received a 40,820
USDA Grant to train small and emerging businesses in southeast Iowa.

IHCC is one of five Iowa projects awarded the USDA Rural Economic Development
Grant totaling 321,000. Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack awarded nearly 20
million through 385 grants across the country.

According to a press release Vilsack said, "These grants will strengthen the
economic fabric of our rural small towns and communities by providing capital to
small and emerging businesses."

Funding of each award announced Tuesday is contingent upon the recipient meeting
the terms of the grant agreement.

USDA Rural Development's funding continues to have a dramatic impact on rural
communities across Iowa. Since 2009, USDA Rural Development has invested more
than $3 billion on essential public facilities, small and emerging businesses,
water and sewer systems, and housing opportunities for Iowa families.

USDA Rural Development can help rural communities and regions grow and prosper
by offering a variety of financial and technical assistance programs that
encourage the development of strong community and economic development
strategies.

Darcie Hoening, grant writer for IHCC said they received monies from this grant
in the past and plan on using this year's funds to improve on what they've
already accomplished in Wayne and Appanoose counties.

"We will continue to provide technical assistance and improve our strategy and
bring in more experts," said Hoening.

Michael Wampler, Entrepreneurial Program Coordinator at IHCC is heading the
project and plans to hire experts in the field of legal, marketing, tech, human
resources and management in order to help small business owners in those
specific areas.

This past year USDA Rural Development's investment in Iowa helped create or
retain more than 1,000 jobs, aided 2,400 families in buying their own homes and
assisted more than 50 communities as they made improvements to their facilities,
services and infrastructure.

Megan Berberich can be reached at mberberich@ottumwacourier.com and followed
@CourierMegan.

___ (c)2015 the Ottumwa Courier (Ottumwa, Iowa) Visit the Ottumwa Courier
(Ottumwa, Iowa) at www.ottumwacourier.com Distributed by Tribune Content Agency,
LLC.

LOAD-DATE: October 1, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20150930-OT-IHCC-awarded-40,820-USDA-Grant-to-train-small-businesses
-in-southeast-Iowa-0930-20150930

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: OT


                         Copyright 2015 Ottumwa Courier


                              50 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                    Messenger-Inquirer (Owensboro, Kentucky)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                              June 29, 2015 Monday

USDA grants available to improve rural areas

BYLINE: Angela Oliver, Messenger-Inquirer, Owensboro, Ky.

SECTION: BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL NEWS

LENGTH: 606 words


June 29--Some challenges come with living in a rural area, but the U.S.
Department of Agriculture aims to offer solutions for some of them.

The USDA is accepting applications for rural cooperative development grants
until July 30. The grants are available to nonprofit corporations and higher
education institutions.

"Cooperative organizations are important catalysts for economic growth and job
creation in rural America," U.S. Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack said in a
press release. "The lack of investment capital is often the key factor holding
many rural areas back from economic prosperity. The investments that USDA is
making available will help organizations start cooperatives, expand existing
ones, boost sales and marketing opportunities, and help develop business
opportunities in rural areas."

The U.S. Census classifies "urban" in two ways: Urbanized areas have 50,000 or
more people, while urban clusters have at least 2,500 people but fewer than
50,000. Rural areas include "all population, housing and territory not included
within an urban area," the website census.gov states.

Joseph Geffert, loan specialist at the USDA rural development office in
Madisonville, said most rural development projects in the area are with
municipalities. His office works with the Daviess County USDA office, including
with Denise Payne, who is also based in Madisonville but works from the local
office once a week.

"These grants are about improving rural areas and making sure people who live
there can thrive," he said.

Development comes in many forms.

"This week, we've awarded $30 million in grants for different projects," he said
Thursday.

One of those projects is that the rural development office is working with
McLean County on a water treatment plant that would consolidate plants in the
area.

"The plants are so old and losing water. And in some places, there are so few
customers that separate plants are too costly," he said. "If the municipality
can't afford it, they have to pass the cost along to their residents with taxes.
Grant funding helps avoid that kind of problem."

Area rural development grants have also funded the building of city halls,
libraries, flood walls and other structures. Fire and law enforcement
departments have used grant money for new vehicles as well.

Feasibility studies and business plans are also eligible for the grants.

But beyond public places and services, the grants can help individuals.

Along with loans, the rural development grants are available for potential
homeowners.

"We help lower-income people and families. Everyone has the dream of owning a
home," he said. "They may have some trouble getting money from banks, but our
loans aren't based on credit scores, so there's a better chance."

The USDA will award up to $5.8 million in rural development grants for the
fiscal year. One-year grants up to $200,000 are available and in most cases, the
grants can be used to cover 75 percent of the project cost. Grant recipients
must also match 25 percent of their grant amount, all according to the press
release.

"Rural areas have more challenges because they don't get the same tax revenue
bigger cities can generate, and the median household income is usually lower,"
Geffert said. "We're all about helping to ensure rural residents don't get left
out of any opportunity."

For more information, call 270-821-4430, ext 219, or the local USDA office at
270-684-9286.

Angela Oliver, 270-691-7360, aoliver@messenger-inquirer.com

___ (c)2015 the Messenger-Inquirer (Owensboro, Ky.) Visit the Messenger-Inquirer
(Owensboro, Ky.) at www.messenger-inquirer.com Distributed by Tribune Content
Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: July 8, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20150629-OW-USDA-grants-available-to-improve-rural-areas-0629-20150629

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: OW


                       Copyright 2015 Messenger-Inquirer


                              51 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           September 27, 2016 Tuesday

USDA Announces $18.1 Million to Help Rural Businesses Create Jobs

LENGTH: 928  words

DATELINE: New York



 Phoenix: U.S Department of Agriculture, The State of Arizona has issued the
following news release:



  Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack today announced loans and grants for 92
projects worth $18.1 million to help support the start-up or expansion of rural
small businesses. These funds are part of more than 20,000 grants and loans to
more than 85,000 rural businesses USDA's Rural Business-Cooperative Service has
awarded since the start of the Obama administration.





 "I am proud of the work USDA has done to help small businesses grow in rural
America because they are the engine that creates jobs," Vilsack said. "These
funds will allow small and emerging businesses and the organizations that
support them to get the financing they need to strengthen their operations,
create jobs and expand economic opportunities. Thanks to the 2014 Farm Bill, we
can continue this work in a more streamlined and efficient way to benefit small
businesses and the American taxpayer."



 USDA is awarding the funds through the Rural Economic Development Loan and
Grant (REDLG) program, the Intermediary Relending Program (IRP) and the Rural
Business Development Grant (RBDG) program.



 USDA provides grants or zero-interest loans through the REDLG program to
utilities that in turn fund projects to create and retain employment in rural
areas. Vilsack announced $11.7 million in REDLG loans and grants for 18
recipients.



 One of the organizations receiving funds under the REDLG program is the South
Mississippi Electric Power Association, which has been selected for a $2 million
loan. It will lend part of that to the city of Greenwood, which will buy and
renovate a building for the Milwaukee Tools company. This project is expected to
create more than 100 jobs in Lenore County. Lenore is one of many counties
across the nation USDA has targeted for special assistance through the
StrikeForce Initiative for Rural Growth and Opportunity. USDA launched
StrikeForce in 2010 to increase investments in rural communities through
intensive outreach and stronger partnerships with community leaders, businesses,
foundations and other groups that are working to combat poverty.



 In the Intermediary Relending Program (IRP), Vilsack announced $2.5 million for
three IRP recipients. Colorado's First Southwest Bank is receiving a $1 million
loan for business and community development in 11 counties in the southwest part
of the state. The IRP program provides 1 percent loans to non-profit groups,
cooperatives, federally recognized tribes and public agencies.



 USDA is awarding 71 Rural Business Development Grants totaling $4 million.
Congress established the RBDG program in the 2014 Farm Bill by combining the
Rural Business Enterprise Grant program and the Rural Business Opportunity Grant
program. One of the RBDG recipients, the Tennessee College of Applied
Technology-Morristown, will receive a $110,020 grant to buy state-of-the-art
equipment to train students in advanced manufacturing. The Northern Community
Investment Corporation in Vermont is receiving two grants totaling $454,892 to
establish a revolving fund and to provide technical assistance and professional
consulting to help small businesses.



 Past examples of how these awards have helped grow the economy in rural America
include:



     Sisters Kim Brigham Campbell and Terrie Brigham, in Oregon's Hood River
County, used part of an IRP loan awarded to the Mid-Columbia Economic
Development District to open a retail store. They sell salmon, steelhead,
sturgeon and other fish harvested from sites that have been passed down within
this Native American family for generations. The store opened in May 2014.

     USDA's REDLG program is fueling the growth of a firm in Eastern Kentucky.
USDA awarded a $740,000 REDLG loan to the Jackson Energy Cooperative in FY 2011.
The Cooperative, in turn, loaned a portion of those funds to Senture, which
constructed a building where it provides call-center and support services for
private companies and government agencies. Senture is a family-owned business
headquartered in London.

     In FY 2014, USDA Rural Development awarded a $64,990 Rural Business
Enterprise Grant to Sustainable Northwest, a non-profit in Portland, Ore., to
find commercial uses and markets for Western Juniper. It is a widespread and
often problematic species in central and eastern parts of the state. Sustainable
Northwest is using USDA's grant to help create timber and forestry jobs in rural
Oregon and contribute to ecosystem restoration by identifying additional uses
for Western Juniper wood products.



 The funding for today's awardees totals $18.1 million and is contingent upon
the recipients meeting the terms of the loan and grant agreements.



 President Obama's plan for rural America has brought about historic investment
and resulted in stronger rural communities. Under the President's leadership,
these investments in housing, community facilities, businesses and
infrastructure have empowered rural America to continue leading the way -
strengthening America's economy, small towns and rural communities.



 #



 USDA is an equal opportunity provider and employer. To file a complaint of
discrimination, write: USDA, Office of the Assistant Secretary for Civil Rights,
Office of Adjudication, 1400 Independence Ave., SW, Washington, DC 20250-9410 or
call (866) 632-9992 (Toll-free Customer Service), (800) 877-8339 (Local or
Federal relay), (866) 377-8642 (Relay voice users).



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content please contact:
editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: September 28, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              52 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            August 13, 2013 Tuesday

Utah: Rural Economic Development Loan and Grant Program (REDLG)

LENGTH: 375  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Sponsor  USDA Rural Development
Deadlines  Applications accepted on an ongoing basis
Contact

A list of Rural Development State Office contacts is identified in the Federal
Register notice.
Purpose

The Rural Economic Development Loan and Grant Program (REDLG) is designed to
promote rural economic development and job creation projects. Assistance
provided to rural areas may include business startup costs, business expansion,
business incubators, technical assistance feasibility studies, advanced
telecommunications services and computer networks for medical, educational, and
job training services and community facilities projects for economic
development.

REDLG provides funding to rural projects through local utility organizations.
Under the REDLoan program, USDA provides zero interest loans to local utilities
which they, in turn, pass through to local businesses (ultimate recipients) for
projects that will create and retain employment in rural areas. The ultimate
recipients repay the lending utility directly. The utility is responsible for
repayment to the agency.
Eligibility

Loans and grants may be made to any entity that is identified by USDA Rural
Development as an eligible borrower under the Rural Electrification Act.
Geographic
coverage  Nationwide
Amount of
funding

Funding to support $33 million in loans and $10 million in grants is currently
available.

For loans, either the ultimate recipient or the intermediary must provide
supplemental funds for the project equal to at least 20 percent of the loan to
the Intermediary. For grants, the intermediary must establish a Revolving Loan
Fund and contribute an amount equal to at least 20 percent of the grant.
Application
process

Entities wishing to apply for assistance should contact a Rural Development
State Office to receive further information and copies of the application
package. A list of Rural Development State Office contacts is identified in the
Federal Register notice.
Tagged as  Capital funding, Community development, Economic development, Health
information technology, Job training and adult education, Technology

For further information please visit: http://www.raconline.org/

LOAD-DATE: August 13, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              53 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                           The Malakoff News (Texas)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                 April 1, 2016

USDA grants available to grow rural businesses

BYLINE: The Malakoff News staff

LENGTH: 334  words


HENDERSON COUNTY -- Rural Business Cooperative-Service Administrator Sam Rikkers
has announced that USDA is seeking applications for loans and grants to help
support the start-up or expansion of rural businesses.

"Our small, rural businesses need financing to compete in the global economy,"
Rikkers said. "With this announcement, USDA is demonstrating its continued
commitment to investing in small towns and rural communities. These loans and
grants will spur entrepeneurship, create jobs and improve the quality of life in
rural America."

"USDA is committed to helping rural communities increase economic conditions
needed to implement strategies that will stimulate the economy, reduce poverty
and enhance the quality of life in our small towns and rural areas," USDA Rural
Development

Texas State Director Paco Valentin said.

The funding is being provided through the Rural Economic Development Loan and
Grant (REDLG) program. Under this program, USDA provides zero-interest loans and
grants to eligible local utilities, which use the funding to create revolving
funds for projects that will create or retain jobs in rural areas.

USDA is making $37 million in loans and $11 million in grants available. A
recipient may receive a loan of up to one million dollars, or a grant of up to
$300,000.

For information on how to apply for REDLG loans or grants, contact the Texas
State Office at (254) 742-9780 or see page 14415 of the March 17 Federal
Register. The first round of applications was due March 31, 2016, and the second
round of applications is due June 30, 2016.

President Obama's historic investments in rural America have made our rural
communities stronger. Under his leadership, these investments in housing,
community facilities, businesses and infrastructure have empowered rural America
to continue leading the way -- strengthening America's economy, small towns and
rural communities.

For information on this and other USDA Rural Development programs in Texas, go
to http://www.rd.usda.gov/tx.

LOAD-DATE: June 1, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Business

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: MLN

                      Copyright 2016 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                        Copyright 2016 The Malakoff News


                              54 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Brattleboro Reformer (Vermont)

                            October 1, 2015 Thursday

WEDC gets $47K in grant money from USDA

BYLINE: By Domenic Poli dpoli@reformer.com @dpoli_reformer on Twitter

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 475 words


WINCHESTER, N.H. &GT;&GT; The Winchester Economic Development Corporation was
one of five New Hampshire nonprofits and municipalities to receive a five-figure
grant from USDA Rural Development.

The U.S. Department of Agriculture announced on Sept. 29 that WEDC received
$47,000 from the Business Development Grant Program to provide technical
assistance to small and expanding businesses in Winchester. The money is part of
$212,795 in grants USDA Rural Development is doling out to support the start-up
or expansion of rural New Hampshire businesses.

WEDC Chairman Mark Tigan said the money will be used to figure out how to
revitalize downtown Winchester and the small business park adjacent to the
downtown. He said WEDC is a 501(c)(3) non-profit organization whose
all-volunteer members concentrate on tying together agricultural and general
commercial businesses. Tigan mentioned a request for proposal will be sent out
to determine who can best assist Winchester.

"It's just the beginning," he said. "It's a good start."

Tigan said the town thrived in the early 1900s, but fell on hard times when
industry left, leaving a high volume of need for federal and state assistance.

The other entities getting grant money are the Groveton Regional Economic Action
Team, receiving $49,000 to create an infrastructure plan at the site of the
former Wausau Paper Mill and Groveton Paperboard mill sites; the city of
Franklin, receiving $50,000 to hire a downtown business coordinator; the
Northern Community Investment Corporation, getting $28,000 to provide technical
assistance and consulting to small and emerging businesses; and the University
of New Hampshire, receiving $38,795 to complete a market feasibility study on
cold hardy kiwifruit.

"Emerging and developing businesses are the backbone of rural communities," said
New Hampshire State Director Ted Brady in a statement. "These five Rural
Business Development Grants provide rural businesses with a network of people
and things that can help them grow and overcome the unique challenges to
starting and growing a rural small business."

The RBDG program funds nonprofits or public entities that provide assistance to
area businesses, business training and bolster rural job creation. Grant funding
is available for the planning and implementation of business development
projects. An estimated 63 New Hampshire jobs will be created or retained as a
result of this round of funding. Nationally, the USDA provided $18.3 million in
Rural Business Development Grants this year.

According to a press release, the USDA administers and manages housing, business
and community infrastructure programs through a national network of state and
local offices. For more information on Rural Development, visit
www.rd.usda.gov/nh or contact the USDA RD at 603-223-2003.

Contact Domenic Poli at 802-254-2311, ext. 277.

LOAD-DATE: October 5, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


   Copyright 2015 MediaNews Group, Inc. and New England Newspaper Group Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              55 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             March 1, 2014 Saturday

Utah: Rural Economic Development Loan and Grant Program (REDLG)

LENGTH: 375  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Sponsor  USDA Rural Development
Deadlines  Applications accepted on an ongoing basis
Contact

A list of Rural Development State Office contacts is identified in the Federal
Register notice.
Purpose

The Rural Economic Development Loan and Grant Program (REDLG) is designed to
promote rural economic development and job creation projects. Assistance
provided to rural areas may include business startup costs, business expansion,
business incubators, technical assistance feasibility studies, advanced
telecommunications services and computer networks for medical, educational, and
job training services and community facilities projects for economic
development.

REDLG provides funding to rural projects through local utility organizations.
Under the REDLoan program, USDA provides zero interest loans to local utilities
which they, in turn, pass through to local businesses (ultimate recipients) for
projects that will create and retain employment in rural areas. The ultimate
recipients repay the lending utility directly. The utility is responsible for
repayment to the agency.
Eligibility

Loans and grants may be made to any entity that is identified by USDA Rural
Development as an eligible borrower under the Rural Electrification Act.
Geographic
coverage  Nationwide
Amount of
funding

Funding to support $33 million in loans and $10 million in grants is currently
available.

For loans, either the ultimate recipient or the intermediary must provide
supplemental funds for the project equal to at least 20 percent of the loan to
the Intermediary. For grants, the intermediary must establish a Revolving Loan
Fund and contribute an amount equal to at least 20 percent of the grant.
Application
process

Entities wishing to apply for assistance should contact a Rural Development
State Office to receive further information and copies of the application
package. A list of Rural Development State Office contacts is identified in the
Federal Register notice.
Tagged as  Capital funding, Community development, Economic development, Health
information technology, Job training and adult education, Technology

For further information please visit: http://www.raconline.org/

LOAD-DATE: March 2, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              56 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           February 25, 2014 Tuesday

Utah: Rural Economic Development Loan and Grant Program (REDLG)

LENGTH: 375  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Sponsor  USDA Rural Development
Deadlines  Applications accepted on an ongoing basis
Contact

A list of Rural Development State Office contacts is identified in the Federal
Register notice.
Purpose

The Rural Economic Development Loan and Grant Program (REDLG) is designed to
promote rural economic development and job creation projects. Assistance
provided to rural areas may include business startup costs, business expansion,
business incubators, technical assistance feasibility studies, advanced
telecommunications services and computer networks for medical, educational, and
job training services and community facilities projects for economic
development.

REDLG provides funding to rural projects through local utility organizations.
Under the REDLoan program, USDA provides zero interest loans to local utilities
which they, in turn, pass through to local businesses (ultimate recipients) for
projects that will create and retain employment in rural areas. The ultimate
recipients repay the lending utility directly. The utility is responsible for
repayment to the agency.
Eligibility

Loans and grants may be made to any entity that is identified by USDA Rural
Development as an eligible borrower under the Rural Electrification Act.
Geographic
coverage  Nationwide
Amount of
funding

Funding to support $33 million in loans and $10 million in grants is currently
available.

For loans, either the ultimate recipient or the intermediary must provide
supplemental funds for the project equal to at least 20 percent of the loan to
the Intermediary. For grants, the intermediary must establish a Revolving Loan
Fund and contribute an amount equal to at least 20 percent of the grant.
Application
process

Entities wishing to apply for assistance should contact a Rural Development
State Office to receive further information and copies of the application
package. A list of Rural Development State Office contacts is identified in the
Federal Register notice.
Tagged as  Capital funding, Community development, Economic development, Health
information technology, Job training and adult education, Technology

For further information please visit: http://www.raconline.org/

LOAD-DATE: February 26, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              57 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           February 11, 2014 Tuesday

Utah: Rural Economic Development Loan and Grant Program (REDLG)

LENGTH: 375  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Sponsor  USDA Rural Development
Deadlines  Applications accepted on an ongoing basis
Contact

A list of Rural Development State Office contacts is identified in the Federal
Register notice.
Purpose

The Rural Economic Development Loan and Grant Program (REDLG) is designed to
promote rural economic development and job creation projects. Assistance
provided to rural areas may include business startup costs, business expansion,
business incubators, technical assistance feasibility studies, advanced
telecommunications services and computer networks for medical, educational, and
job training services and community facilities projects for economic
development.

REDLG provides funding to rural projects through local utility organizations.
Under the REDLoan program, USDA provides zero interest loans to local utilities
which they, in turn, pass through to local businesses (ultimate recipients) for
projects that will create and retain employment in rural areas. The ultimate
recipients repay the lending utility directly. The utility is responsible for
repayment to the agency.
Eligibility

Loans and grants may be made to any entity that is identified by USDA Rural
Development as an eligible borrower under the Rural Electrification Act.
Geographic
coverage  Nationwide
Amount of
funding

Funding to support $33 million in loans and $10 million in grants is currently
available.

For loans, either the ultimate recipient or the intermediary must provide
supplemental funds for the project equal to at least 20 percent of the loan to
the Intermediary. For grants, the intermediary must establish a Revolving Loan
Fund and contribute an amount equal to at least 20 percent of the grant.
Application
process

Entities wishing to apply for assistance should contact a Rural Development
State Office to receive further information and copies of the application
package. A list of Rural Development State Office contacts is identified in the
Federal Register notice.
Tagged as  Capital funding, Community development, Economic development, Health
information technology, Job training and adult education, Technology

For further information please visit: http://www.raconline.org/

LOAD-DATE: February 12, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              58 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             January 3, 2014 Friday

Utah: Rural Economic Development Loan and Grant Program (REDLG)

LENGTH: 375  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Sponsor  USDA Rural Development
Deadlines  Applications accepted on an ongoing basis
Contact

A list of Rural Development State Office contacts is identified in the Federal
Register notice.
Purpose

The Rural Economic Development Loan and Grant Program (REDLG) is designed to
promote rural economic development and job creation projects. Assistance
provided to rural areas may include business startup costs, business expansion,
business incubators, technical assistance feasibility studies, advanced
telecommunications services and computer networks for medical, educational, and
job training services and community facilities projects for economic
development.

REDLG provides funding to rural projects through local utility organizations.
Under the REDLoan program, USDA provides zero interest loans to local utilities
which they, in turn, pass through to local businesses (ultimate recipients) for
projects that will create and retain employment in rural areas. The ultimate
recipients repay the lending utility directly. The utility is responsible for
repayment to the agency.
Eligibility

Loans and grants may be made to any entity that is identified by USDA Rural
Development as an eligible borrower under the Rural Electrification Act.
Geographic
coverage  Nationwide
Amount of
funding

Funding to support $33 million in loans and $10 million in grants is currently
available.

For loans, either the ultimate recipient or the intermediary must provide
supplemental funds for the project equal to at least 20 percent of the loan to
the Intermediary. For grants, the intermediary must establish a Revolving Loan
Fund and contribute an amount equal to at least 20 percent of the grant.
Application
process

Entities wishing to apply for assistance should contact a Rural Development
State Office to receive further information and copies of the application
package. A list of Rural Development State Office contacts is identified in the
Federal Register notice.
Tagged as  Capital funding, Community development, Economic development, Health
information technology, Job training and adult education, Technology

For further information please visit: http://www.raconline.org/

LOAD-DATE: January 4, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              59 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            October 3, 2013 Thursday

Utah: Rural Economic Development Loan and Grant Program (REDLG)

LENGTH: 375  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Sponsor  USDA Rural Development
Deadlines  Applications accepted on an ongoing basis
Contact

A list of Rural Development State Office contacts is identified in the Federal
Register notice.
Purpose

The Rural Economic Development Loan and Grant Program (REDLG) is designed to
promote rural economic development and job creation projects. Assistance
provided to rural areas may include business startup costs, business expansion,
business incubators, technical assistance feasibility studies, advanced
telecommunications services and computer networks for medical, educational, and
job training services and community facilities projects for economic
development.

REDLG provides funding to rural projects through local utility organizations.
Under the REDLoan program, USDA provides zero interest loans to local utilities
which they, in turn, pass through to local businesses (ultimate recipients) for
projects that will create and retain employment in rural areas. The ultimate
recipients repay the lending utility directly. The utility is responsible for
repayment to the agency.
Eligibility

Loans and grants may be made to any entity that is identified by USDA Rural
Development as an eligible borrower under the Rural Electrification Act.
Geographic
coverage  Nationwide
Amount of
funding

Funding to support $33 million in loans and $10 million in grants is currently
available.

For loans, either the ultimate recipient or the intermediary must provide
supplemental funds for the project equal to at least 20 percent of the loan to
the Intermediary. For grants, the intermediary must establish a Revolving Loan
Fund and contribute an amount equal to at least 20 percent of the grant.
Application
process

Entities wishing to apply for assistance should contact a Rural Development
State Office to receive further information and copies of the application
package. A list of Rural Development State Office contacts is identified in the
Federal Register notice.
Tagged as  Capital funding, Community development, Economic development, Health
information technology, Job training and adult education, Technology

For further information please visit: http://www.raconline.org/

LOAD-DATE: October 3, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              60 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           September 24, 2013 Tuesday

Utah: Rural Economic Development Loan and Grant Program (REDLG)

LENGTH: 375  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Sponsor  USDA Rural Development
Deadlines  Applications accepted on an ongoing basis
Contact

A list of Rural Development State Office contacts is identified in the Federal
Register notice.
Purpose

The Rural Economic Development Loan and Grant Program (REDLG) is designed to
promote rural economic development and job creation projects. Assistance
provided to rural areas may include business startup costs, business expansion,
business incubators, technical assistance feasibility studies, advanced
telecommunications services and computer networks for medical, educational, and
job training services and community facilities projects for economic
development.

REDLG provides funding to rural projects through local utility organizations.
Under the REDLoan program, USDA provides zero interest loans to local utilities
which they, in turn, pass through to local businesses (ultimate recipients) for
projects that will create and retain employment in rural areas. The ultimate
recipients repay the lending utility directly. The utility is responsible for
repayment to the agency.
Eligibility

Loans and grants may be made to any entity that is identified by USDA Rural
Development as an eligible borrower under the Rural Electrification Act.
Geographic
coverage  Nationwide
Amount of
funding

Funding to support $33 million in loans and $10 million in grants is currently
available.

For loans, either the ultimate recipient or the intermediary must provide
supplemental funds for the project equal to at least 20 percent of the loan to
the Intermediary. For grants, the intermediary must establish a Revolving Loan
Fund and contribute an amount equal to at least 20 percent of the grant.
Application
process

Entities wishing to apply for assistance should contact a Rural Development
State Office to receive further information and copies of the application
package. A list of Rural Development State Office contacts is identified in the
Federal Register notice.
Tagged as  Capital funding, Community development, Economic development, Health
information technology, Job training and adult education, Technology

For further information please visit: http://www.raconline.org/

LOAD-DATE: September 24, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              61 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          September 14, 2013 Saturday

Utah: Rural Economic Development Loan and Grant Program (REDLG)

LENGTH: 375  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Sponsor  USDA Rural Development
Deadlines  Applications accepted on an ongoing basis
Contact

A list of Rural Development State Office contacts is identified in the Federal
Register notice.
Purpose

The Rural Economic Development Loan and Grant Program (REDLG) is designed to
promote rural economic development and job creation projects. Assistance
provided to rural areas may include business startup costs, business expansion,
business incubators, technical assistance feasibility studies, advanced
telecommunications services and computer networks for medical, educational, and
job training services and community facilities projects for economic
development.

REDLG provides funding to rural projects through local utility organizations.
Under the REDLoan program, USDA provides zero interest loans to local utilities
which they, in turn, pass through to local businesses (ultimate recipients) for
projects that will create and retain employment in rural areas. The ultimate
recipients repay the lending utility directly. The utility is responsible for
repayment to the agency.
Eligibility

Loans and grants may be made to any entity that is identified by USDA Rural
Development as an eligible borrower under the Rural Electrification Act.
Geographic
coverage  Nationwide
Amount of
funding

Funding to support $33 million in loans and $10 million in grants is currently
available.

For loans, either the ultimate recipient or the intermediary must provide
supplemental funds for the project equal to at least 20 percent of the loan to
the Intermediary. For grants, the intermediary must establish a Revolving Loan
Fund and contribute an amount equal to at least 20 percent of the grant.
Application
process

Entities wishing to apply for assistance should contact a Rural Development
State Office to receive further information and copies of the application
package. A list of Rural Development State Office contacts is identified in the
Federal Register notice.
Tagged as  Capital funding, Community development, Economic development, Health
information technology, Job training and adult education, Technology

For further information please visit: http://www.raconline.org/

LOAD-DATE: September 14, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              62 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          September 12, 2013 Thursday

Utah: Rural Economic Development Loan and Grant Program (REDLG)

LENGTH: 375  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Sponsor  USDA Rural Development
Deadlines  Applications accepted on an ongoing basis
Contact

A list of Rural Development State Office contacts is identified in the Federal
Register notice.
Purpose

The Rural Economic Development Loan and Grant Program (REDLG) is designed to
promote rural economic development and job creation projects. Assistance
provided to rural areas may include business startup costs, business expansion,
business incubators, technical assistance feasibility studies, advanced
telecommunications services and computer networks for medical, educational, and
job training services and community facilities projects for economic
development.

REDLG provides funding to rural projects through local utility organizations.
Under the REDLoan program, USDA provides zero interest loans to local utilities
which they, in turn, pass through to local businesses (ultimate recipients) for
projects that will create and retain employment in rural areas. The ultimate
recipients repay the lending utility directly. The utility is responsible for
repayment to the agency.
Eligibility

Loans and grants may be made to any entity that is identified by USDA Rural
Development as an eligible borrower under the Rural Electrification Act.
Geographic
coverage  Nationwide
Amount of
funding

Funding to support $33 million in loans and $10 million in grants is currently
available.

For loans, either the ultimate recipient or the intermediary must provide
supplemental funds for the project equal to at least 20 percent of the loan to
the Intermediary. For grants, the intermediary must establish a Revolving Loan
Fund and contribute an amount equal to at least 20 percent of the grant.
Application
process

Entities wishing to apply for assistance should contact a Rural Development
State Office to receive further information and copies of the application
package. A list of Rural Development State Office contacts is identified in the
Federal Register notice.
Tagged as  Capital funding, Community development, Economic development, Health
information technology, Job training and adult education, Technology

For further information please visit: http://www.raconline.org/

LOAD-DATE: September 13, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              63 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           September 10, 2013 Tuesday

Utah: Rural Economic Development Loan and Grant Program (REDLG)

LENGTH: 375  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Sponsor  USDA Rural Development
Deadlines  Applications accepted on an ongoing basis
Contact

A list of Rural Development State Office contacts is identified in the Federal
Register notice.
Purpose

The Rural Economic Development Loan and Grant Program (REDLG) is designed to
promote rural economic development and job creation projects. Assistance
provided to rural areas may include business startup costs, business expansion,
business incubators, technical assistance feasibility studies, advanced
telecommunications services and computer networks for medical, educational, and
job training services and community facilities projects for economic
development.

REDLG provides funding to rural projects through local utility organizations.
Under the REDLoan program, USDA provides zero interest loans to local utilities
which they, in turn, pass through to local businesses (ultimate recipients) for
projects that will create and retain employment in rural areas. The ultimate
recipients repay the lending utility directly. The utility is responsible for
repayment to the agency.
Eligibility

Loans and grants may be made to any entity that is identified by USDA Rural
Development as an eligible borrower under the Rural Electrification Act.
Geographic
coverage  Nationwide
Amount of
funding

Funding to support $33 million in loans and $10 million in grants is currently
available.

For loans, either the ultimate recipient or the intermediary must provide
supplemental funds for the project equal to at least 20 percent of the loan to
the Intermediary. For grants, the intermediary must establish a Revolving Loan
Fund and contribute an amount equal to at least 20 percent of the grant.
Application
process

Entities wishing to apply for assistance should contact a Rural Development
State Office to receive further information and copies of the application
package. A list of Rural Development State Office contacts is identified in the
Federal Register notice.
Tagged as  Capital funding, Community development, Economic development, Health
information technology, Job training and adult education, Technology

For further information please visit: http://www.raconline.org/

LOAD-DATE: September 10, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              64 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           September 7, 2013 Saturday

Utah: Rural Economic Development Loan and Grant Program (REDLG)

LENGTH: 375  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Sponsor  USDA Rural Development
Deadlines  Applications accepted on an ongoing basis
Contact

A list of Rural Development State Office contacts is identified in the Federal
Register notice.
Purpose

The Rural Economic Development Loan and Grant Program (REDLG) is designed to
promote rural economic development and job creation projects. Assistance
provided to rural areas may include business startup costs, business expansion,
business incubators, technical assistance feasibility studies, advanced
telecommunications services and computer networks for medical, educational, and
job training services and community facilities projects for economic
development.

REDLG provides funding to rural projects through local utility organizations.
Under the REDLoan program, USDA provides zero interest loans to local utilities
which they, in turn, pass through to local businesses (ultimate recipients) for
projects that will create and retain employment in rural areas. The ultimate
recipients repay the lending utility directly. The utility is responsible for
repayment to the agency.
Eligibility

Loans and grants may be made to any entity that is identified by USDA Rural
Development as an eligible borrower under the Rural Electrification Act.
Geographic
coverage  Nationwide
Amount of
funding

Funding to support $33 million in loans and $10 million in grants is currently
available.

For loans, either the ultimate recipient or the intermediary must provide
supplemental funds for the project equal to at least 20 percent of the loan to
the Intermediary. For grants, the intermediary must establish a Revolving Loan
Fund and contribute an amount equal to at least 20 percent of the grant.
Application
process

Entities wishing to apply for assistance should contact a Rural Development
State Office to receive further information and copies of the application
package. A list of Rural Development State Office contacts is identified in the
Federal Register notice.
Tagged as  Capital funding, Community development, Economic development, Health
information technology, Job training and adult education, Technology

For further information please visit: http://www.raconline.org/

LOAD-DATE: September 7, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              65 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           September 5, 2013 Thursday

Utah: Rural Economic Development Loan and Grant Program (REDLG)

LENGTH: 375  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Sponsor  USDA Rural Development
Deadlines  Applications accepted on an ongoing basis
Contact

A list of Rural Development State Office contacts is identified in the Federal
Register notice.
Purpose

The Rural Economic Development Loan and Grant Program (REDLG) is designed to
promote rural economic development and job creation projects. Assistance
provided to rural areas may include business startup costs, business expansion,
business incubators, technical assistance feasibility studies, advanced
telecommunications services and computer networks for medical, educational, and
job training services and community facilities projects for economic
development.

REDLG provides funding to rural projects through local utility organizations.
Under the REDLoan program, USDA provides zero interest loans to local utilities
which they, in turn, pass through to local businesses (ultimate recipients) for
projects that will create and retain employment in rural areas. The ultimate
recipients repay the lending utility directly. The utility is responsible for
repayment to the agency.
Eligibility

Loans and grants may be made to any entity that is identified by USDA Rural
Development as an eligible borrower under the Rural Electrification Act.
Geographic
coverage  Nationwide
Amount of
funding

Funding to support $33 million in loans and $10 million in grants is currently
available.

For loans, either the ultimate recipient or the intermediary must provide
supplemental funds for the project equal to at least 20 percent of the loan to
the Intermediary. For grants, the intermediary must establish a Revolving Loan
Fund and contribute an amount equal to at least 20 percent of the grant.
Application
process

Entities wishing to apply for assistance should contact a Rural Development
State Office to receive further information and copies of the application
package. A list of Rural Development State Office contacts is identified in the
Federal Register notice.
Tagged as  Capital funding, Community development, Economic development, Health
information technology, Job training and adult education, Technology

For further information please visit: http://www.raconline.org/

LOAD-DATE: September 5, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              66 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           September 3, 2013 Tuesday

Utah: Rural Economic Development Loan and Grant Program (REDLG)

LENGTH: 375  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Sponsor  USDA Rural Development
Deadlines  Applications accepted on an ongoing basis
Contact

A list of Rural Development State Office contacts is identified in the Federal
Register notice.
Purpose

The Rural Economic Development Loan and Grant Program (REDLG) is designed to
promote rural economic development and job creation projects. Assistance
provided to rural areas may include business startup costs, business expansion,
business incubators, technical assistance feasibility studies, advanced
telecommunications services and computer networks for medical, educational, and
job training services and community facilities projects for economic
development.

REDLG provides funding to rural projects through local utility organizations.
Under the REDLoan program, USDA provides zero interest loans to local utilities
which they, in turn, pass through to local businesses (ultimate recipients) for
projects that will create and retain employment in rural areas. The ultimate
recipients repay the lending utility directly. The utility is responsible for
repayment to the agency.
Eligibility

Loans and grants may be made to any entity that is identified by USDA Rural
Development as an eligible borrower under the Rural Electrification Act.
Geographic
coverage  Nationwide
Amount of
funding

Funding to support $33 million in loans and $10 million in grants is currently
available.

For loans, either the ultimate recipient or the intermediary must provide
supplemental funds for the project equal to at least 20 percent of the loan to
the Intermediary. For grants, the intermediary must establish a Revolving Loan
Fund and contribute an amount equal to at least 20 percent of the grant.
Application
process

Entities wishing to apply for assistance should contact a Rural Development
State Office to receive further information and copies of the application
package. A list of Rural Development State Office contacts is identified in the
Federal Register notice.
Tagged as  Capital funding, Community development, Economic development, Health
information technology, Job training and adult education, Technology

For further information please visit: http://www.raconline.org/

LOAD-DATE: September 3, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              67 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            August 31, 2013 Saturday

Utah: Rural Economic Development Loan and Grant Program (REDLG)

LENGTH: 376  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Sponsor  USDA Rural Development
Deadlines  Applications accepted on an ongoing basis
Contact

A list of Rural Development State Office contacts is identified in the Federal
Register notice.
Purpose

The Rural Economic Development Loan and Grant Program (REDLG) is designed to
promote rural economic development and job creation projects. Assistance
provided to rural areas may include business startup costs, business expansion,
business incubators, technical assistance feasibility studies, advanced
telecommunications services and computer networks for medical, educational, and
job training services and community facilities projects for economic
development.

REDLG provides funding to rural projects through local utility organizations.
Under the REDLoan program, USDA provides zero interest loans to local utilities
which they, in turn, pass through to local businesses (ultimate recipients) for
projects that will create and retain employment in rural areas. The ultimate
recipients repay the lending utility directly. The utility is responsible for
repayment to the agency.
Eligibility

Loans and grants may be made to any entity that is identified by USDA Rural
Development as an eligible borrower under the Rural Electrification Act.
Geographic
coverage  Nationwide
Amount of
funding

Funding to support $33 million in loans and $10 million in grants is currently
available.

For loans, either the ultimate recipient or the intermediary must provide
supplemental funds for the project equal to at least 20 percent of the loan to
the Intermediary. For grants, the intermediary must establish a Revolving Loan
Fund and contribute an amount equal to at least 20 percent of the grant.
Application
process

Entities wishing to apply for assistance should contact a Rural Development
State Office to receive further information and copies of the application
package. A list of Rural Development State Office contacts is identified in the
Federal Register notice.
Tagged as  Capital funding, Community development, Economic development, Health
information technology, Job training and adult education, Technology

For further information please visit: http://www.raconline.org/

LOAD-DATE: September 1, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              68 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            August 29, 2013 Thursday

Utah: Rural Economic Development Loan and Grant Program (REDLG)

LENGTH: 375  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Sponsor  USDA Rural Development
Deadlines  Applications accepted on an ongoing basis
Contact

A list of Rural Development State Office contacts is identified in the Federal
Register notice.
Purpose

The Rural Economic Development Loan and Grant Program (REDLG) is designed to
promote rural economic development and job creation projects. Assistance
provided to rural areas may include business startup costs, business expansion,
business incubators, technical assistance feasibility studies, advanced
telecommunications services and computer networks for medical, educational, and
job training services and community facilities projects for economic
development.

REDLG provides funding to rural projects through local utility organizations.
Under the REDLoan program, USDA provides zero interest loans to local utilities
which they, in turn, pass through to local businesses (ultimate recipients) for
projects that will create and retain employment in rural areas. The ultimate
recipients repay the lending utility directly. The utility is responsible for
repayment to the agency.
Eligibility

Loans and grants may be made to any entity that is identified by USDA Rural
Development as an eligible borrower under the Rural Electrification Act.
Geographic
coverage  Nationwide
Amount of
funding

Funding to support $33 million in loans and $10 million in grants is currently
available.

For loans, either the ultimate recipient or the intermediary must provide
supplemental funds for the project equal to at least 20 percent of the loan to
the Intermediary. For grants, the intermediary must establish a Revolving Loan
Fund and contribute an amount equal to at least 20 percent of the grant.
Application
process

Entities wishing to apply for assistance should contact a Rural Development
State Office to receive further information and copies of the application
package. A list of Rural Development State Office contacts is identified in the
Federal Register notice.
Tagged as  Capital funding, Community development, Economic development, Health
information technology, Job training and adult education, Technology

For further information please visit: http://www.raconline.org/

LOAD-DATE: August 29, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              69 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            August 27, 2013 Tuesday

Utah: Rural Economic Development Loan and Grant Program (REDLG)

LENGTH: 375  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Sponsor  USDA Rural Development
Deadlines  Applications accepted on an ongoing basis
Contact

A list of Rural Development State Office contacts is identified in the Federal
Register notice.
Purpose

The Rural Economic Development Loan and Grant Program (REDLG) is designed to
promote rural economic development and job creation projects. Assistance
provided to rural areas may include business startup costs, business expansion,
business incubators, technical assistance feasibility studies, advanced
telecommunications services and computer networks for medical, educational, and
job training services and community facilities projects for economic
development.

REDLG provides funding to rural projects through local utility organizations.
Under the REDLoan program, USDA provides zero interest loans to local utilities
which they, in turn, pass through to local businesses (ultimate recipients) for
projects that will create and retain employment in rural areas. The ultimate
recipients repay the lending utility directly. The utility is responsible for
repayment to the agency.
Eligibility

Loans and grants may be made to any entity that is identified by USDA Rural
Development as an eligible borrower under the Rural Electrification Act.
Geographic
coverage  Nationwide
Amount of
funding

Funding to support $33 million in loans and $10 million in grants is currently
available.

For loans, either the ultimate recipient or the intermediary must provide
supplemental funds for the project equal to at least 20 percent of the loan to
the Intermediary. For grants, the intermediary must establish a Revolving Loan
Fund and contribute an amount equal to at least 20 percent of the grant.
Application
process

Entities wishing to apply for assistance should contact a Rural Development
State Office to receive further information and copies of the application
package. A list of Rural Development State Office contacts is identified in the
Federal Register notice.
Tagged as  Capital funding, Community development, Economic development, Health
information technology, Job training and adult education, Technology

For further information please visit: http://www.raconline.org/

LOAD-DATE: August 28, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              70 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            August 24, 2013 Saturday

Utah: Rural Economic Development Loan and Grant Program (REDLG)

LENGTH: 375  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Sponsor  USDA Rural Development
Deadlines  Applications accepted on an ongoing basis
Contact

A list of Rural Development State Office contacts is identified in the Federal
Register notice.
Purpose

The Rural Economic Development Loan and Grant Program (REDLG) is designed to
promote rural economic development and job creation projects. Assistance
provided to rural areas may include business startup costs, business expansion,
business incubators, technical assistance feasibility studies, advanced
telecommunications services and computer networks for medical, educational, and
job training services and community facilities projects for economic
development.

REDLG provides funding to rural projects through local utility organizations.
Under the REDLoan program, USDA provides zero interest loans to local utilities
which they, in turn, pass through to local businesses (ultimate recipients) for
projects that will create and retain employment in rural areas. The ultimate
recipients repay the lending utility directly. The utility is responsible for
repayment to the agency.
Eligibility

Loans and grants may be made to any entity that is identified by USDA Rural
Development as an eligible borrower under the Rural Electrification Act.
Geographic
coverage  Nationwide
Amount of
funding

Funding to support $33 million in loans and $10 million in grants is currently
available.

For loans, either the ultimate recipient or the intermediary must provide
supplemental funds for the project equal to at least 20 percent of the loan to
the Intermediary. For grants, the intermediary must establish a Revolving Loan
Fund and contribute an amount equal to at least 20 percent of the grant.
Application
process

Entities wishing to apply for assistance should contact a Rural Development
State Office to receive further information and copies of the application
package. A list of Rural Development State Office contacts is identified in the
Federal Register notice.
Tagged as  Capital funding, Community development, Economic development, Health
information technology, Job training and adult education, Technology

For further information please visit: http://www.raconline.org/

LOAD-DATE: August 25, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              71 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            August 22, 2013 Thursday

Utah: Rural Economic Development Loan and Grant Program (REDLG)

LENGTH: 375  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Sponsor  USDA Rural Development
Deadlines  Applications accepted on an ongoing basis
Contact

A list of Rural Development State Office contacts is identified in the Federal
Register notice.
Purpose

The Rural Economic Development Loan and Grant Program (REDLG) is designed to
promote rural economic development and job creation projects. Assistance
provided to rural areas may include business startup costs, business expansion,
business incubators, technical assistance feasibility studies, advanced
telecommunications services and computer networks for medical, educational, and
job training services and community facilities projects for economic
development.

REDLG provides funding to rural projects through local utility organizations.
Under the REDLoan program, USDA provides zero interest loans to local utilities
which they, in turn, pass through to local businesses (ultimate recipients) for
projects that will create and retain employment in rural areas. The ultimate
recipients repay the lending utility directly. The utility is responsible for
repayment to the agency.
Eligibility

Loans and grants may be made to any entity that is identified by USDA Rural
Development as an eligible borrower under the Rural Electrification Act.
Geographic
coverage  Nationwide
Amount of
funding

Funding to support $33 million in loans and $10 million in grants is currently
available.

For loans, either the ultimate recipient or the intermediary must provide
supplemental funds for the project equal to at least 20 percent of the loan to
the Intermediary. For grants, the intermediary must establish a Revolving Loan
Fund and contribute an amount equal to at least 20 percent of the grant.
Application
process

Entities wishing to apply for assistance should contact a Rural Development
State Office to receive further information and copies of the application
package. A list of Rural Development State Office contacts is identified in the
Federal Register notice.
Tagged as  Capital funding, Community development, Economic development, Health
information technology, Job training and adult education, Technology

For further information please visit: http://www.raconline.org/

LOAD-DATE: August 22, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              72 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            August 3, 2013 Saturday

Utah: Rural Economic Development Loan and Grant Program (REDLG)

LENGTH: 375  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Sponsor  USDA Rural Development
Deadlines  Applications accepted on an ongoing basis
Contact

A list of Rural Development State Office contacts is identified in the Federal
Register notice.
Purpose

The Rural Economic Development Loan and Grant Program (REDLG) is designed to
promote rural economic development and job creation projects. Assistance
provided to rural areas may include business startup costs, business expansion,
business incubators, technical assistance feasibility studies, advanced
telecommunications services and computer networks for medical, educational, and
job training services and community facilities projects for economic
development.

REDLG provides funding to rural projects through local utility organizations.
Under the REDLoan program, USDA provides zero interest loans to local utilities
which they, in turn, pass through to local businesses (ultimate recipients) for
projects that will create and retain employment in rural areas. The ultimate
recipients repay the lending utility directly. The utility is responsible for
repayment to the agency.
Eligibility

Loans and grants may be made to any entity that is identified by USDA Rural
Development as an eligible borrower under the Rural Electrification Act.
Geographic
coverage  Nationwide
Amount of
funding

Funding to support $33 million in loans and $10 million in grants is currently
available.

For loans, either the ultimate recipient or the intermediary must provide
supplemental funds for the project equal to at least 20 percent of the loan to
the Intermediary. For grants, the intermediary must establish a Revolving Loan
Fund and contribute an amount equal to at least 20 percent of the grant.
Application
process

Entities wishing to apply for assistance should contact a Rural Development
State Office to receive further information and copies of the application
package. A list of Rural Development State Office contacts is identified in the
Federal Register notice.
Tagged as  Capital funding, Community development, Economic development, Health
information technology, Job training and adult education, Technology

For further information please visit: http://www.raconline.org/

LOAD-DATE: August 3, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              73 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            August 1, 2013 Thursday

Utah: Rural Economic Development Loan and Grant Program (REDLG)

LENGTH: 375  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Sponsor  USDA Rural Development
Deadlines  Applications accepted on an ongoing basis
Contact

A list of Rural Development State Office contacts is identified in the Federal
Register notice.
Purpose

The Rural Economic Development Loan and Grant Program (REDLG) is designed to
promote rural economic development and job creation projects. Assistance
provided to rural areas may include business startup costs, business expansion,
business incubators, technical assistance feasibility studies, advanced
telecommunications services and computer networks for medical, educational, and
job training services and community facilities projects for economic
development.

REDLG provides funding to rural projects through local utility organizations.
Under the REDLoan program, USDA provides zero interest loans to local utilities
which they, in turn, pass through to local businesses (ultimate recipients) for
projects that will create and retain employment in rural areas. The ultimate
recipients repay the lending utility directly. The utility is responsible for
repayment to the agency.
Eligibility

Loans and grants may be made to any entity that is identified by USDA Rural
Development as an eligible borrower under the Rural Electrification Act.
Geographic
coverage  Nationwide
Amount of
funding

Funding to support $33 million in loans and $10 million in grants is currently
available.

For loans, either the ultimate recipient or the intermediary must provide
supplemental funds for the project equal to at least 20 percent of the loan to
the Intermediary. For grants, the intermediary must establish a Revolving Loan
Fund and contribute an amount equal to at least 20 percent of the grant.
Application
process

Entities wishing to apply for assistance should contact a Rural Development
State Office to receive further information and copies of the application
package. A list of Rural Development State Office contacts is identified in the
Federal Register notice.
Tagged as  Capital funding, Community development, Economic development, Health
information technology, Job training and adult education, Technology

For further information please visit: http://www.raconline.org/

LOAD-DATE: August 1, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              74 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                              May 19, 2014 Monday

Washington: USDA Announces Infrastructure Investments to Help Grow Rural
Businesses and Spur Economic Development

LENGTH: 651  words

DATELINE: Washington


US Department of Agriculture, The Government of USA has issued the following
news release:

As part of the Obama Administration's efforts to invest in infrastructure that
will expand opportunity for all Americans, Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack
today awarded organizations in 14 states loans and grants to support rural
infrastructure, job creation efforts and business development.

"Our small rural businesses need first-class infrastructure to be world-class
competitors in the global economy," Vilsack said. "To achieve our
community-based development goals, USDA is investing in the infrastructure of
the rural economy by providing loans and grants to local partners who can
leverage the funds with other financing for projects that have broad economic
impacts."

The funding is being provided through USDA's Rural Economic Development Loan and
Grant (REDLG) program. Under this program, USDA provides zero-interest loans and
grants to utilities that lend funds to local businesses for projects to create
and retain employment in rural areas. These revolving loan funds broaden the
program's reach and create a multiplier effect for its impact.

This funding will help organizations such as the Benton Rural Electric
Association in Washington State, which will use a $750,000 loan and a $300,000
grant to expand the wastewater treatment facility at the port of Sunnyside. This
project serves value-added agricultural processing facilities in the Pacific
Northwest. With improvements made possible by this investment, 50 jobs will be
created and 263 others will be saved.

The Southern Pine Electric Power Association in Taylorsville, Miss., is
receiving a $2 million loan that will be used to help Polk's Food Products
remodel internal refrigerant and process control systems at its
50,000-square-foot plant in Magee, Miss. The project will help save 115 jobs in
Simpson County, a persistent poverty area. USDA is assisting Simpson County
through its StrikeForce Initiative for Rural Growth and Opportunity, an effort
launched in 2010 to reduce poverty by increasing investments in rural
communities through outreach and stronger partnerships with community leaders,
businesses, foundations and other groups working to combat poverty.

In total, Vilsack announced today $22.3 million in loans and grants for REDLG
projects in 14 states.

USDA Rural Development also announced today that its state offices are providing
funding for other infrastructure projects, including $2.3 million in Water and
Waste Disposal loan and grant assistance for Cobden, Ill., to replace its
municipal wastewater treatment plant, an $8.3 million Community Facilities
direct loan to construct a science lab/cafeteria/administrative space at the
high school in Santa Maria, Texas, and a $2.3 million Water and Waste Disposal
loan and grant combination to help Clear Lake, S.D., make improvements to its
sanitary sewer system.

Awards for the recipients of the Rural Economic Development Loan and Grant
Program and other infrastructure assistance are contingent upon the recipients
meeting the terms of the loan or grant agreement.

Since the beginning of the Obama Administration, the REDLG program has helped
create or save more than 25,000 rural jobs, provided almost $202 million in
economic development assistance, improved manufacturing capability, expanded
health care and educational facilities and has either expanded or helped
establish almost 1,000 rural businesses and community projects.

The REDLG awards announced today are part of the Obama Administration's overall
effort to support rural business development and expansion for a stronger
American economy. USDA is also highlighting support for rural small businesses
as part of National Small Business Week, held this year May 12-16, to celebrate
the critical contributions of small business owners and entrepreneurs.

For more information please visit: http://www.usda.gov

LOAD-DATE: May 20, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              75 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                       The Montrose Herald (South Dakota)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                 June 19, 2015

USDA Seeks Applications For Grants To Provide Development Support To Rural
Cooperatives

BYLINE: The Montrose Herald staff

LENGTH: 342  words


Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack today announced that USDA is accepting
applications for grants to help rural cooperatives develop new markets for their
products and services. USDA is making the grants available to non-profit
corporations and institutions of higher education through the Rural Cooperative
Development Grant (RCDG) program.

"Cooperative organizations are important catalysts for economic growth and job
creation in rural America," Vilsack said. "The lack of investment capital is
often the key factor holding many rural areas back from economic prosperity. The
investments that USDA is making available will help organizations start
cooperatives, expand existing ones, boost sales and marketing opportunities, and
help develop business opportunities in rural areas."

USDA's Rural Cooperative Development Grant program improves economic conditions
in rural areas by helping individuals and businesses start, expand or improve
the operations of rural cooperatives and other mutually-owned businesses through
cooperative development centers. Other eligible grant activities may include
conducting feasibility studies and creating business plans.

USDA is making up to $5.8 million in grants available in Fiscal Year 2015.
One-year grants up to $200,000 are available. In most cases, grants may be used
to pay for up to 75 percent of a project's total costs. Recipients are required
to match 25 percent of the award amount. The grants will be awarded prior to
September 30, 2015. The recipients will have one year to utilize the awarded
funds.

The application deadline is July 30, 2015. For additional information, see Page
34129 of the June 15, 2015 Federal Register or contact the USDA Rural
Development State Office.

President Obama's historic investments in rural America have made our rural
communities stronger. Under his leadership, these investments in housing,
community facilities, businesses and infrastructure have empowered rural America
to continue leading the way -- strengthening America's economy, small towns and
rural communities.

LOAD-DATE: May 28, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Local Government

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: MRS

                      Copyright 2015 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                       Copyright 2015 The Montrose Herald


                              76 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     The Journal Record (Oklahoma City, OK)

                             October 2, 2006 Monday

Rural Development grants awarded this week

BYLINE: Kelley Chambers

LENGTH: 384  words


The U.S. Department of Agriculture Rural Development will award seven
energy-efficient grants totaling about $111,000 to separate businesses on
Wednesday. The grants are intended to assist rural development in communities
throughout the state. Kathleen James, spokeswoman for Rural Development, said
the grant money comes from the 2002 Farm Bill, Title 9 Section 9006. The program
is open to agricultural producers and rural small business owners in communities
with populations less than 50,000. Tammie Stephens, who co-owns Splatters
Paintball and Specialties in Ardmore, will receive just under $50,000. Stephens
said she has been in business for four years in a dilapidated building she owns
with her husband in downtown Ardmore.

The money from the grant will be used to install a heat and air system as well
as insulate the building and replace exterior windows. She said the business
also applied for a grant from the Department of Commerce that did not come to
fruition. When word came that the grant money was not coming she said they felt
the light was turned out. Then, when they found out in August they would receive
the rural development money, Stephens said the light was turned back on. With
the planned repairs, Stephens said the business hopes to add an old-time candy
store and bakery within the next year. Since the program began, James said 435
grants have been given out nationwide. Undersecretary for Rural Development
Thomas C. Dorr will award the grants on Wednesday at the Gold Dome Building at
23rd and Classen. The event will be hosted by the Oklahoma Main Street program.
James said the rural development program has a partnership with the Main Street
program. "They've been a great partner in helping get the word out about this
program," she said. Other recipients include the Shawnee Beauty College and
Broadway Square LLC in Shawnee; Fritsche Rental Properties, House of Flowers and
James Johnston, all in Stillwater; and Merle Norman Cosmetics in Guymon. Most of
the money will go for heat and air systems and exterior repairs to the various
buildings. The Rural Development program reports it encompasses three programs
that provide $15 billion in annual funding for loans, grants and technical
assistance for business, utilities and housing in rural communities nationwide.

LOAD-DATE: October 2, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2006 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved


                              77 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


             Journal Record Legislative Report (Oklahoma City, OK)

                             October 2, 2006 Monday

Rural Development grants awarded this week in OK

BYLINE: Journal Record Legislative Report Staff

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 384  words


The U.S. Department of Agriculture Rural Development will award seven
energy-efficient grants totaling about $111,000 to separate businesses on
Wednesday. The grants are intended to assist rural development in communities
throughout the state. Kathleen James, spokeswoman for Rural Development, said
the grant money comes from the 2002 Farm Bill, Title 9 Section 9006. The program
is open to agricultural producers and rural small business owners in communities
with populations less than 50,000. Tammie Stephens, who co-owns Splatters
Paintball and Specialties in Ardmore, will receive just under $50,000. Stephens
said she has been in business for four years in a dilapidated building she owns
with her husband in downtown Ardmore.

The money from the grant will be used to install a heat and air system as well
as insulate the building and replace exterior windows. She said the business
also applied for a grant from the Department of Commerce that did not come to
fruition. When word came that the grant money was not coming she said they felt
the light was turned out. Then, when they found out in August they would receive
the rural development money, Stephens said the light was turned back on. With
the planned repairs, Stephens said the business hopes to add an old-time candy
store and bakery within the next year. Since the program began, James said 435
grants have been given out nationwide. Undersecretary for Rural Development
Thomas C. Dorr will award the grants on Wednesday at the Gold Dome Building at
23rd and Classen. The event will be hosted by the Oklahoma Main Street program.
James said the rural development program has a partnership with the Main Street
program. "They've been a great partner in helping get the word out about this
program," she said. Other recipients include the Shawnee Beauty College and
Broadway Square LLC in Shawnee; Fritsche Rental Properties, House of Flowers and
James Johnston, all in Stillwater; and Merle Norman Cosmetics in Guymon. Most of
the money will go for heat and air systems and exterior repairs to the various
buildings. The Rural Development program reports it encompasses three programs
that provide $15 billion in annual funding for loans, grants and technical
assistance for business, utilities and housing in rural communities nationwide.

LOAD-DATE: October 2, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Government activity

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2006 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved


                              78 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Deming Headlight (New Mexico)

                           October 14, 2015 Wednesday
                                   1 Edition

Grants awarded for economic development

BYLINE: By, For the Headlight

SECTION: A; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 448 words


ALBUQUERQUE - USDA Deming Day will be hosted by Rural Development State Director
Terry Brunner to celebrate the obligation of four economic development projects
in Deming and Luna County. A grant presentation will be hosted at 2:30 p.m. on
Thursday at Mimbres Valley Learning Center located at 2300 East Pine Street.

U.S. Senator Tom Udall will join Director Brunner to present the obligation
certificates to the following organizations:

Columbus Electric Cooperative - $14,705,000 to make 316 consumer connections as
well facility upgrades and system improvements.

Luna County - $50,0000 Rural Business Development Grant (RBDG) for business
training for small and emerging businesses skillsets in the Luna County area.

NM Small Business Development Center - $84,183 Rural Business Development Grant
(RBDG) to provide technical assistance in business practices to small and
emerging businesses through one-on-one consultation and workshops.

Southwest Regional Housing and Community Development - $252,872 for a Self-Help
Technical Assistant Grant to provide guidance and assistance to 13 low and
very-low income families in qualifying and packaging home loans through USDA
Rural Development's 502 loan program and to provide technical support to the
families who will help build each other's homes.

The New Mexico Small Business Development Center (NMSBCD) grant is to provide
technical assistance and training to eligible small rural business owners in
Luna County.

United States Senator Tom Udall and USDA Rural Development State Director Terry
Brunner will present the grant to Russell Wyrick, NMSBCD state director and Jane
Janson, center director at SBDC at Western New Mexico University in Silver City.

The grant will provide emerging and existing eligible small businesses in Luna
County with technical assistance in the form of advising (one-on-one or group)
and tailored workshops with the goal of assisting emerging businesses and
working with existing businesses to grow and create or save jobs.

The Western New Mexico University SBDC office will coordinate the development of
these services through its field office in Deming located at Mimbres Valley
Learning Center. Luna County eligible small businesses will benefit from the
services offered under this grant by working hands-on with an experienced
business advisor and workshop trainers who can understand their particular
business needs and help them access the tools and resources to start or build
their business.

Representatives from Luna County Chamber of Commerce, Deming mayor Benny L.
Jasso, representatives from Southwest Regional Housing and Community Development
and more will be in attendance at the grant presentation.

LOAD-DATE: July 6, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: dnm


                        Copyright 2015 Deming Headlight
                              All Rights Reserved


                              79 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Deming Headlight (New Mexico)

                           October 14, 2015 Wednesday
                                   1 Edition

Grants awarded for economic development

BYLINE: By, For the Headlight

SECTION: A; Pg. 5

LENGTH: 448 words


ALBUQUERQUE - USDA Deming Day will be hosted by Rural Development State Director
Terry Brunner to celebrate the obligation of four economic development projects
in Deming and Luna County. A grant presentation will be hosted at 2:30 p.m. on
Thursday at Mimbres Valley Learning Center located at 2300 East Pine Street.

U.S. Senator Tom Udall will join Director Brunner to present the obligation
certificates to the following organizations:

Columbus Electric Cooperative - $14,705,000 to make 316 consumer connections as
well facility upgrades and system improvements.

Luna County - $50,0000 Rural Business Development Grant (RBDG) for business
training for small and emerging businesses skillsets in the Luna County area.

NM Small Business Development Center - $84,183 Rural Business Development Grant
(RBDG) to provide technical assistance in business practices to small and
emerging businesses through one-on-one consultation and workshops.

Southwest Regional Housing and Community Development - $252,872 for a Self-Help
Technical Assistant Grant to provide guidance and assistance to 13 low and
very-low income families in qualifying and packaging home loans through USDA
Rural Development's 502 loan program and to provide technical support to the
families who will help build each other's homes.

The New Mexico Small Business Development Center (NMSBCD) grant is to provide
technical assistance and training to eligible small rural business owners in
Luna County.

United States Senator Tom Udall and USDA Rural Development State Director Terry
Brunner will present the grant to Russell Wyrick, NMSBCD state director and Jane
Janson, center director at SBDC at Western New Mexico University in Silver City.

The grant will provide emerging and existing eligible small businesses in Luna
County with technical assistance in the form of advising (one-on-one or group)
and tailored workshops with the goal of assisting emerging businesses and
working with existing businesses to grow and create or save jobs.

The Western New Mexico University SBDC office will coordinate the development of
these services through its field office in Deming located at Mimbres Valley
Learning Center. Luna County eligible small businesses will benefit from the
services offered under this grant by working hands-on with an experienced
business advisor and workshop trainers who can understand their particular
business needs and help them access the tools and resources to start or build
their business.

Representatives from Luna County Chamber of Commerce, Deming mayor Benny L.
Jasso, representatives from Southwest Regional Housing and Community Development
and more will be in attendance at the grant presentation.

LOAD-DATE: July 6, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: dnm


                        Copyright 2015 Deming Headlight
                              All Rights Reserved


                              80 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Deming Headlight (New Mexico)

                            February 8, 2011 Tuesday

USDA Rural Development taking grant applications

BYLINE: For the Headlight

SECTION: LOCAL

LENGTH: 515 words


ALBUQUERQUE - Terry Brunner, State Director for USDA Rural Development in New
Mexico, announced that applications are being accepted for the Rural Business
Enterprise Grant (RBEG) program.

The RBEG program is available to public bodies, nonprofits and Indian tribes to
facilitate and finance the development of small and emerging private business
enterprises in rural areas. "Rural" is applicable to those communities of up to
50,000 in population.

In making the announcement, Brunner said, "The RBEG program helps finance new
and existing businesses by ensuring the community can make investments in
activities that will ultimately create jobs and increase economic opportunity
and improve the quality of life for those living in their area."

Grant funds may be used to finance and facilitate the development of small,
private business enterprises, which include any private business that will
employ 50 or fewer new employees and has less than $1 million in projected gross
revenues. Grant funds can also be used by making a loan to the business as a
revolving loan fund. The RBEG funds can also be used to pay for technical
assistance, or purchasing real or personal property to be leased to the
business. Technical assistance could provide money for such things as
feasibility studies, business plans, business development training, or
workshops.

Applications are selected for funding based on an established competitive
scoring process. Priority will be given to application requests in the amount of
$50,000 or less. Additionally, eligible initial applications will receive
discretionary points for projects that support the agency and department goals
in the following categories:

Renewable energy

Local food systems and value-added agriculture

Great regions: multi-county or multi-state projects that will establish best
practices in the area of regional economic and community development

Support of cooperatives

Business programs in persistent poverty counties including: Catron, Cibola, Dona
Ana, Guadalupe, Luna, McKinley, Mora, Rio Arriba, Roosevelt, San Juan, San
Miguel, Socorro, and Taos.

Underserved populations such as minority and women-owned businesses

Last fiscal year, USDA Rural Development provided $386,999 to assist 4 New
Mexico recipients develop business opportunities.

USDA Rural Development is currently accepting applications until close of
business, Friday, April 1, 2010, for the Rural Business Enterprise Grants (RBEG)
program.

More information on the RBEG program can be obtained from the Rural Development
State Office in Albuquerque at (505) 761-4953 or at:
http://www.rurdev.usda.gov/BCP_rbeg.html

USDA Rural Development's mission is to increase economic opportunity and improve
the quality of life for rural residents. Rural Development fosters growth in
homeownership, finances business development, and supports the creation of
critical community and technology infrastructure. Further information on rural
programs is available at any local USDA Rural Development office or by visiting
USDA Rural Development's web site at http://www.rurdev.usda.gov .

LOAD-DATE: February 8, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


          Copyright 2011 Deming Headlight, a MediaNews Group Newspaper
                              All Rights Reserved


                              81 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                 Hidalgo County Herald (Lordsburg, New Mexico)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                  July 3, 2015

USDA seeks applications for grants to help socially-disadvantaged groups in NM

BYLINE: Hidalgo County Herald staff

LENGTH: 483  words


USDA Rural Development State Director Terry Brunner announces the availability
of grant funds to provide technical assistance to rural ag producers from
socially-disadvantaged groups that have experienced race, ethnic or gender
prejudice

"These grants will help women, Hispanic, African-American and other farmers and
ranchers obtain the tools and develop the skills they need to increase their
productivity and the viability of their business in New Mexico's rural areas,"
Brunner said.

Funding is made available through USDA-Rural Development's
Socially-Disadvantaged Groups Grant Program (formerly the Small,
Socially-Disadvantaged Producer Grant Program), which provides funds to
organizations that provide technical assistance to socially-disadvantaged groups
in rural areas. A socially-disadvantaged group is one whose members have been
subjected to racial, ethnic, or gender prejudice. Examples of technical
assistance include conducting feasibility studies, developing business and
strategic plans, and providing leadership training.

USDA is making notice is $175,000. The grant notice is available at
http://www.gpo.gov up to $3 million available nationwide the maximum award under
the program's/fdsys/pkg/FR-2015-05-20/pdf/2015-12225.pdf. Applications submitted
by mail must be postmarked by July 20, 2015. Electronic applications must be
submitted at www.grants.gov no later than midnight Eastern Time July 14, 2015.

Eligible applicants include groups of cooperatives, cooperative development
centers, and individual cooperatives that serve socially-disadvantaged groups.
The applicants can be headquartered in any area, but the groups assisted must be
located in an eligible rural area. Also, the majority of the governing body of
the applicant must be comprised of individuals who are members of
socially-disadvantaged groups.

For more information and applications forms, please contact Jesse Monfort Bopp
at 505.761.4952 or jesse.bopp@nm.usda.gov

USDA Rural Development's mission is to increase economic opportunity and improve
the quality of life for rural residents. Rural Development fosters growth in
homeownership, finances business development, and supports the creation of
critical community and technology infrastructure. Further information on rural
programs is available at any local USDA Rural Development office or by visiting
USDA Rural Development's web site at http://www.rurdev.usda.gov

President Obama's plan for rural America has brought about historic investment
and resulted in stronger rural communities. Under the President's leadership,
these investments in housing, community facilities, businesses and
infrastructure have empowered rural America to continue leading the way --
strengthening America's economy, small towns and rural communities. USDA's
investments in rural communities support the rural way of life that stands as
the backbone of our American values.

LOAD-DATE: June 4, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Local Government

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: HDG

                      Copyright 2015 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                      Copyright 2015 Hidalgo County Herald


                              82 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                      Tri-County News (Kimball, Minnesota)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                               December 19, 2013

Funding is announced for rural business;
USDA officials announce economic development funding to strengthen businesses
and create jobs in rural communities of Minnesota

BYLINE: Tri-County News staff

LENGTH: 710  words


USDA Rural Development State Director Colleen Landkamer today announced the
selection of three organizations for grants to help rural cooperatives and small
businesses expand, create jobs and strengthen their capacity to serve rural
citizens and communities.

"These grants help cooperatives support projects and initiatives that create
jobs and improve rural economic conditions," Landkamer said. "USDA funding helps
provide the expertise and capacity-building resources that cooperatives rely on
to succeed in carrying out their missions."

Funding is provided through USDA Rural Development's Rural Cooperative
Development Grant (RCDG) program. The grants are being awarded to non-profit
groups to create and operate centers that help establish, expand or operate
rural businesses, especially cooperatives and mutually-owned businesses. These
competitively awarded grants may be used to conduct feasibility studies, create
and implement business plans, and help businesses develop new markets for their
products and services. Since fiscal year 2009, the RCDG program has awarded
grants totaling over $1.2 million in Minnesota.

The Friday, Dec. 13, announcement includes several recipients who are developing
new market opportunities for rural farmers and ranchers by capitalizing on
consumer interest in locally produced food. For example, the Latino Economic
Development Center (LEDC) is being selected for a $200,000 grant to assist food
hubs - facilities that aggregate local food and market it to large-volume buyers
in the region. LEDC will assist the Agua Gorda farmer cooperative with
increasing their marketing opportunities to include urban business clients and
expand the reach of their locally-grown specialty vegetables. A recent Michigan
State University study found that the average food hub creates nearly 20 jobs
and generates close to $4 million in sales. LEDC has also assisted in the
development of nonprofit organization Willmar Area Multicultural Business Center
(WAMBC), which provides economic development services to local Latino
entrepreneurs as well as projects across nine counties in the St. Cloud, region.

The Agriculture Utilizaton Research Institute (AURI) is receiving a $200,000
grant to continue its research and assistance of local food processing, storage
and delivery cooperatives. AURI will provide direct technical assistance and
applied research services to meet the cooperative development needs of at least
six cooperatives representing 4,550 producers in various stages of development
in economically distressed areas. The technical assistance these centers provide
will help generate new opportunities for Minnesota farmers and ranchers, create
jobs in local food processing and distribution industries, and serve growing
consumer demand for locally-produnced products._

Finally, The projects supported through Friday's announcement go far beyond
food. For example, Northcountry Cooperative Foundation's (NCF) Center for
Cooperative Innovation is receiving $200,000 to continue its work in creating
manufactured housing cooperatives. NCF has helped build the program
infrastructure that has converted more than 500 households to cooperative
ownership through technical assistance and training. These housing cooperatives
have helped create playgrounds, safe and secure mailboxes, new community signs,
and bus shelters. They hope to add new storm shelters, community centers and
water mains to that list of investments over the next few years in order to
continue the revi-talization of local rural communities and expand local
employment opportunities.

Friday's announcement is another reminder of the importance of USDA programs for
rural America. A comprehensive new Food, Farm and Jobs Bill would further expand
the rural economy, and that's just one reason why Congress must get a
comprehensive Food, Farm and Jobs Bill done as soon as possible.

USDA Rural Development has invested more than $4.1 billion throughout Minnesota
since 2009. In addition to investing in rural businesses and cooperatives, the
agency has programs to improve rural housing, infrastructure, highspeed
Internet, healthcare facilities and other economic development projects. To
learn more about Rural Development, visit www.rurdev. usda.gov/mn.

LOAD-DATE: October 16, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Business

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: TCO

                      Copyright 2013 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                         Copyright 2013 Tri-County News


                              83 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                             Northumberland Gazette

                            February 5, 2017 Sunday

Apply for a grant to aid business in rural areas

LENGTH: 186  words


Almost £10million of funding is available for businesses in the food processing,
tourism and rural business development sectors.

The latest round of grants from the Rural Development Programme for England for
the North East Local Enterprise Partnership area has been announced and totals
£9.7million.

Applications are being sought for projects that will grow a business, create
jobs or bring more money in to the rural economy. Grant funding can help pay for
constructing or improving buildings and buying new equipment and machinery.

Three grant funds are available. These are rural business development grants;
rural tourism infrastructure grants; and food processing grants.

Two workshops will be held at Kirkley Hall on Tuesday, February 14. One will
cover tourism grants and a separate workshop for rural business development and
food processing grants. Another will be held in Durham two days later.

To book a place at one of the workshops or for details, visit
tinyurl.com/jjemmnw

There is no deadline for applicants as the calls are open until January 2018,
although applications are reviewed every three months.

LOAD-DATE: February 5, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: NPNG


                       Copyright 2017 Johnston Press Plc
                              All Rights Reserved


                              84 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                     Monroe County Appeal (Paris, Missouri)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                 March 15, 2012

USDA seeks applications for funding to create jobs in rural areas

BYLINE: Monroe County Appeal staff

LENGTH: 357  words


USDA Rural Development Under Secretary Dallas Tonsager announced today that USDA
is seeking applications for loans and grants to help rural businesses create
jobs and spur economic development.

The funding is being provided under the Rural Economic Development Loan and
Grant (REDLG) program. Eligible recipients are USDA Rural Utilities Program
borrowers that pass the funds to local organizations for job creation and
community development projects. Loan funds can be used for projects to retain
and create jobs, upgrade public infrastructure, improve service delivery or
improve the quality of life for area residents and visitors. The maximum amount
of funding for any one project has been increased to $1,000,000 for loans and
remains at $300,000 for grants.

"The Rural Economic Development Loan program provides an important financial
resource for rural businesses. We appreciate the partnership with our Rural
Electric Cooperatives as we work to support job creation and community
development in rural areas," said Janie Dunning, Missouri State Director for
USDA Rural Development.

Many organizations have used REDLG funds to support job creation. For example,
Architectural Components Group, Inc. will receive a $740,000 zero-interest loan
to assist with financing the expansion of their manufacturing facility located
in the Marshfield Industrial Park. The loan funding is provided in partnership
with Webster Electric Cooperative through the USDA's REDLG program.

USDA plans to award up to $79 million in loans and $10 million in grants under
the Rural Economic Development Loan and Grant program. The deadline for
submitting applications is the last business day of each month during FY 2012.
Anyone seeking more information about the Rural Economic Development Loan and
Grant program may visit the Missouri USDA Rural Development website at
http://www.rurdev.usda.gov/mo or by contacting the Business Programs section at
573-876-9321.

Missouri USDA Rural Development strives to continue to improve the economic
stability of rural communities, businesses, residents, farmers and ranchers and
improve the quality of life in rural America.

LOAD-DATE: May 9, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Economy

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: MCA

                      Copyright 2012 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                      Copyright 2012 Monroe County Appeal


                              85 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            August 8, 2013 Thursday

Utah: Rural Economic Development Loan and Grant Program (REDLG)

LENGTH: 375  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Sponsor  USDA Rural Development
Deadlines  Applications accepted on an ongoing basis
Contact

A list of Rural Development State Office contacts is identified in the Federal
Register notice.
Purpose

The Rural Economic Development Loan and Grant Program (REDLG) is designed to
promote rural economic development and job creation projects. Assistance
provided to rural areas may include business startup costs, business expansion,
business incubators, technical assistance feasibility studies, advanced
telecommunications services and computer networks for medical, educational, and
job training services and community facilities projects for economic
development.

REDLG provides funding to rural projects through local utility organizations.
Under the REDLoan program, USDA provides zero interest loans to local utilities
which they, in turn, pass through to local businesses (ultimate recipients) for
projects that will create and retain employment in rural areas. The ultimate
recipients repay the lending utility directly. The utility is responsible for
repayment to the agency.
Eligibility

Loans and grants may be made to any entity that is identified by USDA Rural
Development as an eligible borrower under the Rural Electrification Act.
Geographic
coverage  Nationwide
Amount of
funding

Funding to support $33 million in loans and $10 million in grants is currently
available.

For loans, either the ultimate recipient or the intermediary must provide
supplemental funds for the project equal to at least 20 percent of the loan to
the Intermediary. For grants, the intermediary must establish a Revolving Loan
Fund and contribute an amount equal to at least 20 percent of the grant.
Application
process

Entities wishing to apply for assistance should contact a Rural Development
State Office to receive further information and copies of the application
package. A list of Rural Development State Office contacts is identified in the
Federal Register notice.
Tagged as  Capital funding, Community development, Economic development, Health
information technology, Job training and adult education, Technology

For further information please visit: http://www.raconline.org/

LOAD-DATE: August 9, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              86 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             July 30, 2013 Tuesday

Utah: Rural Economic Development Loan and Grant Program (REDLG)

LENGTH: 375  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Sponsor  USDA Rural Development
Deadlines  Applications accepted on an ongoing basis
Contact

A list of Rural Development State Office contacts is identified in the Federal
Register notice.
Purpose

The Rural Economic Development Loan and Grant Program (REDLG) is designed to
promote rural economic development and job creation projects. Assistance
provided to rural areas may include business startup costs, business expansion,
business incubators, technical assistance feasibility studies, advanced
telecommunications services and computer networks for medical, educational, and
job training services and community facilities projects for economic
development.

REDLG provides funding to rural projects through local utility organizations.
Under the REDLoan program, USDA provides zero interest loans to local utilities
which they, in turn, pass through to local businesses (ultimate recipients) for
projects that will create and retain employment in rural areas. The ultimate
recipients repay the lending utility directly. The utility is responsible for
repayment to the agency.
Eligibility

Loans and grants may be made to any entity that is identified by USDA Rural
Development as an eligible borrower under the Rural Electrification Act.
Geographic
coverage  Nationwide
Amount of
funding

Funding to support $33 million in loans and $10 million in grants is currently
available.

For loans, either the ultimate recipient or the intermediary must provide
supplemental funds for the project equal to at least 20 percent of the loan to
the Intermediary. For grants, the intermediary must establish a Revolving Loan
Fund and contribute an amount equal to at least 20 percent of the grant.
Application
process

Entities wishing to apply for assistance should contact a Rural Development
State Office to receive further information and copies of the application
package. A list of Rural Development State Office contacts is identified in the
Federal Register notice.
Tagged as  Capital funding, Community development, Economic development, Health
information technology, Job training and adult education, Technology

For further information please visit: http://www.raconline.org/

LOAD-DATE: July 30, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              87 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             July 27, 2013 Saturday

Utah: Rural Economic Development Loan and Grant Program (REDLG)

LENGTH: 375  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Sponsor  USDA Rural Development
Deadlines  Applications accepted on an ongoing basis
Contact

A list of Rural Development State Office contacts is identified in the Federal
Register notice.
Purpose

The Rural Economic Development Loan and Grant Program (REDLG) is designed to
promote rural economic development and job creation projects. Assistance
provided to rural areas may include business startup costs, business expansion,
business incubators, technical assistance feasibility studies, advanced
telecommunications services and computer networks for medical, educational, and
job training services and community facilities projects for economic
development.

REDLG provides funding to rural projects through local utility organizations.
Under the REDLoan program, USDA provides zero interest loans to local utilities
which they, in turn, pass through to local businesses (ultimate recipients) for
projects that will create and retain employment in rural areas. The ultimate
recipients repay the lending utility directly. The utility is responsible for
repayment to the agency.
Eligibility

Loans and grants may be made to any entity that is identified by USDA Rural
Development as an eligible borrower under the Rural Electrification Act.
Geographic
coverage  Nationwide
Amount of
funding

Funding to support $33 million in loans and $10 million in grants is currently
available.

For loans, either the ultimate recipient or the intermediary must provide
supplemental funds for the project equal to at least 20 percent of the loan to
the Intermediary. For grants, the intermediary must establish a Revolving Loan
Fund and contribute an amount equal to at least 20 percent of the grant.
Application
process

Entities wishing to apply for assistance should contact a Rural Development
State Office to receive further information and copies of the application
package. A list of Rural Development State Office contacts is identified in the
Federal Register notice.
Tagged as  Capital funding, Community development, Economic development, Health
information technology, Job training and adult education, Technology

For further information please visit: http://www.raconline.org/

LOAD-DATE: July 27, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              88 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             July 25, 2013 Thursday

Utah: Rural Economic Development Loan and Grant Program (REDLG)

LENGTH: 375  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Sponsor  USDA Rural Development
Deadlines  Applications accepted on an ongoing basis
Contact

A list of Rural Development State Office contacts is identified in the Federal
Register notice.
Purpose

The Rural Economic Development Loan and Grant Program (REDLG) is designed to
promote rural economic development and job creation projects. Assistance
provided to rural areas may include business startup costs, business expansion,
business incubators, technical assistance feasibility studies, advanced
telecommunications services and computer networks for medical, educational, and
job training services and community facilities projects for economic
development.

REDLG provides funding to rural projects through local utility organizations.
Under the REDLoan program, USDA provides zero interest loans to local utilities
which they, in turn, pass through to local businesses (ultimate recipients) for
projects that will create and retain employment in rural areas. The ultimate
recipients repay the lending utility directly. The utility is responsible for
repayment to the agency.
Eligibility

Loans and grants may be made to any entity that is identified by USDA Rural
Development as an eligible borrower under the Rural Electrification Act.
Geographic
coverage  Nationwide
Amount of
funding

Funding to support $33 million in loans and $10 million in grants is currently
available.

For loans, either the ultimate recipient or the intermediary must provide
supplemental funds for the project equal to at least 20 percent of the loan to
the Intermediary. For grants, the intermediary must establish a Revolving Loan
Fund and contribute an amount equal to at least 20 percent of the grant.
Application
process

Entities wishing to apply for assistance should contact a Rural Development
State Office to receive further information and copies of the application
package. A list of Rural Development State Office contacts is identified in the
Federal Register notice.
Tagged as  Capital funding, Community development, Economic development, Health
information technology, Job training and adult education, Technology

For further information please visit: http://www.raconline.org/

LOAD-DATE: July 25, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              89 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            July 24, 2013 Wednesday

Utah: Rural Economic Development Loan and Grant Program (REDLG)

LENGTH: 375  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Sponsor  USDA Rural Development
Deadlines  Applications accepted on an ongoing basis
Contact

A list of Rural Development State Office contacts is identified in the Federal
Register notice.
Purpose

The Rural Economic Development Loan and Grant Program (REDLG) is designed to
promote rural economic development and job creation projects. Assistance
provided to rural areas may include business startup costs, business expansion,
business incubators, technical assistance feasibility studies, advanced
telecommunications services and computer networks for medical, educational, and
job training services and community facilities projects for economic
development.

REDLG provides funding to rural projects through local utility organizations.
Under the REDLoan program, USDA provides zero interest loans to local utilities
which they, in turn, pass through to local businesses (ultimate recipients) for
projects that will create and retain employment in rural areas. The ultimate
recipients repay the lending utility directly. The utility is responsible for
repayment to the agency.
Eligibility

Loans and grants may be made to any entity that is identified by USDA Rural
Development as an eligible borrower under the Rural Electrification Act.
Geographic
coverage  Nationwide
Amount of
funding

Funding to support $33 million in loans and $10 million in grants is currently
available.

For loans, either the ultimate recipient or the intermediary must provide
supplemental funds for the project equal to at least 20 percent of the loan to
the Intermediary. For grants, the intermediary must establish a Revolving Loan
Fund and contribute an amount equal to at least 20 percent of the grant.
Application
process

Entities wishing to apply for assistance should contact a Rural Development
State Office to receive further information and copies of the application
package. A list of Rural Development State Office contacts is identified in the
Federal Register notice.
Tagged as  Capital funding, Community development, Economic development, Health
information technology, Job training and adult education, Technology

For further information please visit: http://www.raconline.org/

LOAD-DATE: July 24, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              90 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             July 23, 2013 Tuesday

Utah: Rural Economic Development Loan and Grant Program (REDLG)

LENGTH: 375  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Sponsor  USDA Rural Development
Deadlines  Applications accepted on an ongoing basis
Contact

A list of Rural Development State Office contacts is identified in the Federal
Register notice.
Purpose

The Rural Economic Development Loan and Grant Program (REDLG) is designed to
promote rural economic development and job creation projects. Assistance
provided to rural areas may include business startup costs, business expansion,
business incubators, technical assistance feasibility studies, advanced
telecommunications services and computer networks for medical, educational, and
job training services and community facilities projects for economic
development.

REDLG provides funding to rural projects through local utility organizations.
Under the REDLoan program, USDA provides zero interest loans to local utilities
which they, in turn, pass through to local businesses (ultimate recipients) for
projects that will create and retain employment in rural areas. The ultimate
recipients repay the lending utility directly. The utility is responsible for
repayment to the agency.
Eligibility

Loans and grants may be made to any entity that is identified by USDA Rural
Development as an eligible borrower under the Rural Electrification Act.
Geographic
coverage  Nationwide
Amount of
funding

Funding to support $33 million in loans and $10 million in grants is currently
available.

For loans, either the ultimate recipient or the intermediary must provide
supplemental funds for the project equal to at least 20 percent of the loan to
the Intermediary. For grants, the intermediary must establish a Revolving Loan
Fund and contribute an amount equal to at least 20 percent of the grant.
Application
process

Entities wishing to apply for assistance should contact a Rural Development
State Office to receive further information and copies of the application
package. A list of Rural Development State Office contacts is identified in the
Federal Register notice.
Tagged as  Capital funding, Community development, Economic development, Health
information technology, Job training and adult education, Technology

For further information please visit: http://www.raconline.org/

LOAD-DATE: July 23, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              91 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              The Bismarck Tribune

                              June 22, 2008 Sunday

BUSINESS DIGEST

SECTION: MONEY; Pg. 4B

LENGTH: 410 words


N.D. communities recieve funds

Recently, Agriculture Under Secretary for Rural Development Thomas C. Dorr
announced the selection of 70 rural communities and American Indian
organizations in 24 states to receive $11.5 million in economic development
grants.

The funds are being provided through USDA Rural Development's Rural Business
Enterprise Grant and Rural Business Opportunity Grant programs. The RBEG program
provides funding to finance or develop small and emerging private businesses.
The RBOG program finances training and technical assistance for business
development.

In North Dakota, for example, Achievements Unlimited Foundation received funds
of $193,100 to provide technical assistance to further the growth and
development of veteran-owned small businesses in the Rural Economic Area
Partnership Zone and the Griggs-Steele Empowerment Zone in eastern North Dakota.

In Maddock, the Rural Economic Area Partnership Zone received funds of $99,000
to conduct a feasibility and nutritional study, and a business plan for products
derived from a local livestock feed mill.

Prairie West Development Foundation in Beach received funds of $86,975 to
provide new equipment toward the future development and growth of Bijou Theatre
in Beach.

In Fort Yates, Standing Rock Sioux Tribe plans to use the grant of $150,000 to
provide technical assistance and support to existing and potential entrepreneurs
throughout the Standing Rock Sioux Reservation.

A complete list of grant recipients is available on the USDA Rural Development
Web site at www.rurdev.usda.gov. Funding for individual recipients is contingent
upon their meeting the conditions of the grant agreement.

Hair For You has new ownership

Hair For You Salon is now under new ownership. They are operating under the name
Hair For You Salon, Spa and Tanning. They have hired two new stylists, Dannielle
Schmidt and Tanya West.

St. Alexius gets quality award

St. Alexius Medical Center received a health care quality award for the overall
performance on the Centers for Medicare &Medicaid Services quality measures. The
award was present to St. Alexius Medical Center by North Dakota Health Care
Review Inc.

Health care quality awards were given in conjunction with NDHCRI's Health Care
Quality Improvement Program. The awards were based on the hospital's performance
and degree of improvement on the quality measures for the treatment of acute
myocardial infarction, heart failure, pneumonia and surgical care.

LOAD-DATE: December 12, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


       Copyright 2008 The Bismarck Tribune, a division of Lee Enterprises
                              All Rights Reserved


                              92 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Bangor Daily News (Maine)

                             March 17, 2009 Tuesday
                                  All Editions

USDA to give out rural business grants

SECTION: Pg. A6

LENGTH: 171 words

DATELINE: BANGOR


The Rural Business-Cooperative Service, an agency within the USDA's Rural
Development mission area, has announced the availability of grants of up to
$50,000 per application from the Rural Business Opportunity Grant program for
fiscal year 2009, to be competitively awarded. For multistate projects, grant
funds of up to $150,000 will be available on a competitive basis.

The primary objective of the program is to improve the economic conditions of
rural areas. Assistance provided to rural areas under the program may include
technical assistance for business development and economic development planning.

The deadline for the receipt of applications in the Rural Development State
Office is March 31.

Entities that want to apply for assistance should contact Mike Grondin, business
and cooperative programs director, at 990-9168.

Applications should be addressed to: Michael Grondin, Business and Cooperative
Programs Director, USDA Rural Development State Office, 967 Illinois Ave., Suite
4, P.O. Box 405, Bangor, ME 04402-0405.

LOAD-DATE: March 17, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2009 Bangor Daily News


                              93 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                 Mountain Messenger (Lewisburg, West Virginia)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                  July 9, 2011

Agriculture Secretary Vilsack invites applications to promote regional business
development and job creation efforts

BYLINE: Mountain Messenger staff

LENGTH: 532  words


Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack announced this week that USDA is accepting
applications for grants to support regional economic development strategies and
promote job creation.

"The Obama Administration is working on a regional basis to build networks of
strong, self-sustaining rural communities," Vilsack said." This program will
help create jobs and assist in identifying and developing business opportunities
in rural areas."

Almost $2.5 million is available through USDA Rural Development's Rural Business
Opportunity Grant (RBOG) program. The program promotes sustainable economic
development in rural communities and regions with exceptional needs. Last year,
for example, Ecotrust in Oregon received a RBOG grant to increase recruitment of
producers and buyers in rural communities throughout the Pacific Northwest. It
also used the grant to provide training and assistance for FoodHub, which is an
online directory and marketplace designed to connect wholesale food buyers and
sellers. The system will help agricultural producers tap into the consumer
demand for food, help link food buyers and producers and shorten the supply
chain between producers and wholesalers.

The RBOG program provides training and technical assistance grants for business
development, entrepreneurs, and economic development officials and assists with
economic development planning. Funding is available to rural public bodies,
nonprofit corporations, Native American tribes and cooperatives with primarily
rural members that conduct activities for the mutual benefit of the membership.

Applications for Rural Business Opportunity Grants are due Aug. 1. Application
instructions may be obtained from the July 1, 2011 Federal Register, page 38604,
www.gpo.gov/fdsys/pkg/FR-2011-07-01/html/2011 -16555.htm or by contacting a USDA
Rural Development State Office.

In June, President Obama signed an Executive Order establishing the first White
House Rural Council, chaired by Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack. The White
House Rural Council will work throughout government to create policies to
promote economic prosperity and a high quality of life in our rural communities.

Since taking office, President Obama's Administration has taken significant
steps to improve the lives of rural Americans and has provided broad support for
rural communities. The Obama Administration has set goals of modernizing
infrastructure by providing broadband access to 10 million Americans, expanding
educational opportunities for students in rural areas, and providing affordable
health care. In the long term, these unparalleled rural investments will help
ensure that America's rural communities are repopulating, self-sustaining, and
thriving economically.

USDA, through its Rural Development mission area, administers and manages
housing, business and community infrastructure and facility programs through a
national network of state and local offices. RuralDevelopment has an existing
portfolio of more than $150 billion in loans and loan guarantees. These programs
are designed to improve the economic stability of rural communities, businesses,
residents, farmers and ranchers and improve the quality of life in rural
America.

LOAD-DATE: June 6, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Local Government

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: MMS

                      Copyright 2011 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                       Copyright 2011 Mountain Messenger


                              94 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                       The Harrodsburg Herald (Kentucky)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                 June 23, 2011

USDA To Award Grants

BYLINE: The Harrodsburg Herald staff

LENGTH: 304  words


USDA is accepting applications for grants to help rural businesses create jobs
through cooperative development centers.

"Cooperative development centers are business and job incubators. They support
President Obama's goal to bring increased economic opportunities to rural
communities by assisting new businesses as they create sustainable jobs," said
Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack said. "The Obama Administration is helping
create economic opportunities for rural Americans, and these centers further
that effort."

Under the Rural Cooperative Development Grant (RCDG) program, grants of up to
$225,000 may be awarded to colleges, universities and nonprofit groups to create
and operate centers that help individuals or groups establish, expand or operate
rural businesses, especially cooperatives. Grants may be used to conduct
feasibility studies, create and implement business plans, and help businesses
develop new markets for their products and services.

Rural Development State Director Tom Fern said the agency awarded $225,000 in
RCDG funds to the Kentucky Center for Agriculture and Rural Development (KCARD)
in Eliza-bethtown last year. KCARD, which has additional offices in Lexington
and Somerset, is a non-profit group that facilitates agricultural and rural
business development in Kentucky by providing educational opportunities,
technical assistance and business support services to new and existing
agribusinesses.

Through this notice, USDA may award up to $7.4 million in grants. Funds may
finance up to 75 percent of the cost of establishing and operating the
cooperative centers. Recipients must match 25 percent of the total project cost.
Applications are due July 22, 2011. For more information, see page 32943 of the
June 7 Federal Register,
http://www.gpo.gov/fdsys/pkg/FR-2011-06-07/pdf/2011-13927.pdf.

LOAD-DATE: May 12, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Accomplishment

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: HRB

                      Copyright 2011 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                     Copyright 2011 The Harrodsburg Herald


                              95 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            March 25, 2015 Wednesday

FEDERAL REGISTER: Rural Business Development Grant

LENGTH: 9674  words

DATELINE: Washington


Office of the Federal Register has issued the following notice:

Rules and Regulations
                                                Federal Register
________________________________________________________________________

This section of the FEDERAL REGISTER contains regulatory documents
having general applicability and legal effect, most of which are keyed
to and codified in the Code of Federal Regulations, which is published
under 50 titles pursuant to 44 U.S.C. 1510.

The Code of Federal Regulations is sold by the Superintendent of Documents.
Prices of new books are listed in the first FEDERAL REGISTER issue of each
week.

========================================================================


Federal Register / Vol. 80, No. 57 / Wednesday, March 25, 2015 /
Rules and Regulations

[[Page 15665]]

DEPARTMENT OF AGRICULTURE

Rural Business-Cooperative Service

Rural Housing Service

Rural Utilities Service

Farm Service Agency

7 CFR Parts 1901 and 1942

Rural Business-Cooperative Service

Rural Utilities Service

7 CFR Parts 4280 and 4284

RIN 0570-AA92


Rural Business Development Grant

AGENCY: Rural Business-Cooperative Service, Rural Housing Service,
Rural Utilities Service and Farm Service Agency, the U.S. Department of
Agriculture.

ACTION: Interim final rule with request for comments.

-----------------------------------------------------------------------

SUMMARY: This Interim Final Rule is needed to ensure that the Agency
will have a regulation in place to meet the Congressional mandate
established in Congress in the Agricultural Act of 2014 (2014 Farm
Bill). This mandate requires the Agency to establish a new program
called the Rural Business Development Grant Program which combines the
former Rural Business Enterprise Grant and Rural Business Opportunity
Grant programs. The Agency has made no substantive changes to either
the Rural Business Enterprise Grant or Rural Business Opportunity Grant
programs when combining these regulations into the Rural Business
Development Grant program.
    Rural Development, Rural Business-Cooperative Service (RBS) is
establishing a new regulation for the Rural Business Development Grant
(RBDG) program. The program was established by the 2014 Farm Bill. The
RBDG Program will combine the Rural Business Enterprise Grant (RBEG)
and the Rural Business Opportunity Grant (RBOG) programs. There are no
substantive programmatic changes to RBEG and RBOG with this
consolidation.

DATES: This Interim Final Rule is effective March 25, 2015. Written
comments on this Interim Final Rule must be received on or before May
26, 2015.

ADDRESSES: You may submit comments on this Interim Final Rule by any of
the following methods:
     Federal eRulemaking Portal: http://www.regulations.gov.
Follow the instructions for submitting comments. You can find the rule
by searching the RIN number 0570-AA92.
     Mail: Submit written comments via the U.S. Postal Service
to the Branch Chief, Regulations and Paperwork Management Branch, U.S.
Department of Agriculture, 300 7th Street SW., 7th Floor, Washington,
DC 20024.
     Hand Delivery/Courier: Submit written comments via Federal
Express Mail or other courier service requiring a street address to the
Branch Chief, Regulations and Paperwork Management Branch, U.S.
Department of Agriculture, 300 7th Street SW., 7th Floor, Washington,
DC 20024.
    All written comments will be available for public inspection during
regular work hours at the 300 7th Street SW., 7th Floor address listed
above.

FOR FURTHER INFORMATION CONTACT: Melvin Padgett or Cindy Mason, Rural
Development, Business Programs, U.S. Department of Agriculture, 1400
Independence Avenue SW., Stop 3226, Washington, DC 20250; email:
Melvin.padgett@wdc.usda.gov or cindy.mason@wdc.usda.gov; at (202) 720-
1495 or (202) 690-1433, respectively.

SUPPLEMENTARY INFORMATION: Request for Comments: The Agency is
interested in receiving comments on all aspects of the Interim Final
Rule. All comments should be submitted as indicated in the ADDRESSES
section of this preamble. The Agency is seeking specific comments on
whether or not to utilize this RBDG regulation to continue to process
television demonstration grants and regional commission grants which
are currently in 7 CFR part 1942, subpart G. And, whether or not to
incorporate grants for expansion of employment opportunities for
individuals with disabilities and health care services which were
authorized in the 2008 Farm Bill. The Agency is interested in
considering all factors that affect the public. Please be sure to
include your rationale for your suggestions.
    Additionally, in 2007, Rural Development published a proposed rule
for RBEG, however, a final rule was never published. Rural Development
appreciates the comments that were submitted on the proposed rule, and
requests that reviewers resubmit comments on this consolidated rule if
they believe they are still valid.

Executive Order 12866, Classification

This rule has been determined to be not significant for purposes of
Executive Order 12866 and has not been reviewed by the Office of
Management and Budget (OMB).

Programs Affected

The Catalog of Federal Domestic Assistance Program number assigned
to the RBDG is 10.351.

Environmental Impact Statement

This document has been reviewed in accordance with 7 CFR part 1940,
subpart G, ``Environmental Program.'' Rural Development has determined
that this action does not constitute a major Federal action
significantly affecting the quality of the human environment and, in
accordance with the National Environmental Policy Act (NEPA) of 1969,
42 U.S.C. 4321 et seq., an Environmental Impact Statement is not
required.

Executive Order 12372, Intergovernmental Consultation

The program is subject to the provisions of Executive Order 12372,
which requires intergovernmental consultation with State and local
officials. Consultation will be completed at the time each grant is
made.

Executive Order 12988, Civil Justice

This rule has been reviewed under Executive Order 12988, Civil
Justice Reform. The Agency has determined that this rule meets the
applicable standards provided in section 3 of the Executive Order.
Additionally, (1) all State and local laws and regulations that

[[Page 15666]]

are in conflict with this rule will be preempted; (2) no retroactive
effect will be given to the rule; and (3) administrative appeal
procedures, if any, must be exhausted before litigation against the
Department or its agencies may be initiated, in accordance with the
regulations of the National Appeals Division of the U.S. Department of
Agriculture at 7 CFR part 11.

Executive Order 13132, Federalism

The policies contained in this rule do not have any substantial
direct effect on States, on the relationship between the National
Government and the States, or on the distribution of power and
responsibilities among the various levels of Government. Nor does this
rule impose substantial direct compliance costs on State and local
Governments. Therefore, consultation with States is not required.

Regulatory Flexibility Act Certification

Under section 605(b) of the Regulatory Flexibility Act, 5 U.S.C.
605(b), the Agency certifies that this rule will not have a significant
economic impact on a substantial number of small entities. The Agency
made this determination based on the fact that this regulation only
impacts those who choose to participate in the program. Small entity
applicants will not be impacted to a greater extent than large entity
applicants.

Unfunded Mandate Reform Act

This rule contains no Federal mandates (under the regulatory
provisions of Title II of the Unfunded Mandates Reform Act of 1995) for
State, local, and Tribal governments, or the private sector. Thus, this
rule is not subject to the requirements of sections 202 and 205 of the
Unfunded Mandates Reform Act of 1995.

Executive Order 13175, Consultation and Coordination With Indian Tribal
Governments

This executive order imposes requirements on Rural Development in
the development of regulatory policies that have Tribal implications or
preempt Tribal laws. As previously noted, the consolidation of the RBEG
and RBOG programs through the publication of this Interim Final Rule
will not institute any substantive programmatic changes. However, since
Congress has legislatively mandated funds to benefit federally
recognized Indian Tribes in both programs, in the past, implementation
of the RBDG program in future years may have substantial and direct
effects on one or more Indian Tribe(s).
    Consequently, the consolidation of the RBEG and RBOG programs under
the RBDG program was featured in two Tribal Consultation webinars
hosted by Rural Development in fiscal year (FY) 2014. On April 2, 2014,
Rural Development hosted a Tribal Consultation webinar and
teleconference that summarized significant changes to its programs
mandated by the 2014 Farm Bill. During the webinar, in addition to
summarizing the Farm Bill changes, Rural Development listed five Farm
Bill provisions that would likely require further consultation--
including the RBDG program. No objections were raised by participants
to alter that assumption.
    On August 25, 2014, Rural Development hosted a Tribal Consultation
webinar and teleconference that covered the implementation of the RBDG
program and the Strategic Economic and Community Development (Section
6025) provision in great depth. Again, no objections were raised by
participants to alter the course of implementation for either the RBDG
program or Section 6025.
    For further information regarding Rural Development's past Tribal
Consultation events or Rural Development's Tribal Consultation process,
please contact Rural Development's Native American Coordinator at (720)
544-2911 or AIAN@wdc.usda.gov

Paperwork Reduction Act

In accordance with the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995, this
document announces the intention of RBS to request information
collection in support of the RBDG program (7 CFR part 4280, subpart E).
No new requirements have been added, but it is the intent of the Agency
to combine the two current Paperwork Reduction Act packages into one.
Until this paperwork burden is approved, the Agency will utilize the
current RBEG and RBOG paperwork burdens. These burdens are approved
under 0570-0022 and 0570-0024 respectively.
    Estimate of Burden: Public reporting burden for this collection of
information is estimated to average 3.0 hours per response.
    Respondents: Nonprofit corporations and public bodies.
    Estimated Number of Respondents: 920.
    Estimated Number of Responses per Respondent: 22.
    Estimated Number of Responses: 20,517.
    Estimated Total Annual Burden on Respondents: 64,773.
    Comments on this document must be received by May 26, 2015 to be
assured of consideration.

E-Government Act Compliance

Rural Development is committed to complying with the E-Government
Act, to promote the use of the internet and other information
technologies, to provide increased opportunities for citizens to access
Government information and services electronically.

Good Cause

Rural Development is publishing this rule as an interim final rule
for good cause in that:
    Rural Development anticipates going forward that Congress will only
be providing appropriations for RBDG and not for the RBOG and RBEG
programs;
    Since the RBEG and RBOG programs are being merged without
substantive changes, the public will not be unfamiliar with the new
RBDG provisions; and
    Making the RBDG rule an interim final rule will assure the
continuity of benefits historically provided under the RBOG and RBEG
programs.
    Additionally, notice and comment are not required because of the
Administrative Procedures Act exceptions for loans and grants at 5
U.S.C. 553(a)(2).

I. Background

Rural Development is charged with assisting, among other entities,
the startup, expansion, and the continuation of small and emerging
businesses and/or non-profits in rural communities. Rural Development
supports this portion of the overall mission through two grant
programs, the RBEG and RBOG programs.
    Rural Development makes RBEGs to public bodies and non-profit
corporations so that they may assist small and emerging businesses and/
or non-profits in their communities to create and support jobs. RBEG
funds may be used to: Acquire or develop land, buildings, plants,
equipment; access streets and roads, parking areas, utility extensions,
necessary water and supply and waste disposal facilities; provide
technical assistance; establish revolving loan funds; and to create,
expand, or operate rural distance learning programs that provide
educational or job training instruction related to potential employment
or job advancement to adult students.
    RBOG funds are made to public bodies and non-profit corporations to
assist businesses and/or non-profits in

[[Page 15667]]

their communities. RBOG funds may be used to assist in the economic
development of rural areas by providing technical assistance, training,
and planning for business and economic development.
    In February 2014 the United States Congress passed the 2014 Farm
Bill. This law combined the RBEG and RBOG programs into one grant
program, the RBDG program. The Congressional Record emphasizes that the
two programs should continue to operate in essentially the same manner
as they operated when they were separate grant programs. Thus, Rural
Development is publishing this Interim Final Rule to meet the statutory
requirements of the 2014 Farm Bill.
    Grants made before the implementation of the RBDG program will
continue to be governed by the terms of the applicable RBOG and RBEG
regulations in effect at the time the grants were made together with
any other applicable agreements.

II. Discussion of Changes

The Agency is publishing this Interim Final Rule to meet the
statutory requirements of the 2014 Farm Bill including revising the
definition of rural and rural areas to conform to the Consolidated Farm
and Rural Development Act definition. The 2014 Farm Bill consolidated
the RBEG and RBOG programs into one grant program while allowing both
programs to operate essentially as they have in the past. The Agency is
soliciting comments to this new regulation and will consider all
comments received prior to publishing a Final Rule. Publishing this
Interim Final Rule will permit the Agency to provide continuous service
to rural small and emerging businesses, non-profit corporations, and
local public bodies, while requesting input from the public on their
views of this grant program.
    The Agency combined 7 CFR part 1942, subpart G and 7 CFR part 4284,
subpart G into the RBDG rule at 7 CFR part 4280, subpart E. Rural
Development has also integrated applicable general provisions of 7 CFR
part 4284, subpart A into the RBDG rule. Essentially, the Agency did
not change any of the requirements of either program but blended the
two regulations into one and eliminated duplicative portions so that
there is only one set of requirements. The Agency also combined
definitions so that the public has one definition for both programs as
well as blended the scoring requirements of both former regulations.
Finally, the Agency blended the application processes into one
streamlined set of procedures under the RBDG funding, incorporating the
statutory language of the 2014 Farm Bill (7 U.S.C. 1932(c)) specifying
how the funding would be split.
    The U.S. Department of Agriculture and the Agency is adopting the
new the U.S. Department of Agriculture grant regulation at 2 CFR
chapter IV for monitoring and servicing RBDG funding. If this rule is
published prior to new the U.S. Department of Agriculture grant
regulations being published and effective, the Agency will comply with
all applicable parts of 2 CFR chapter IV and chapter XXX including 7
CFR parts 3015, 3016, 3019, and 3052.

List of Subjects

7 CFR Part 1901

Civil rights, Compliance reviews, Fair housing, and Minority
groups.

7 CFR Part 1942

Business and Industry, Grant programs--Housing and Community
development, Industrial park, and Rural areas.

7 CFR Part 4280

Business and Industry, Economic Development, Grant programs,
Community development, Industrial Sites, and Rural Areas.

7 CFR Part 4284

Business and Industry, Economic Development, Grant programs--
Housing and Community development, and Rural Areas.

For the reasons set forth in the preamble, chapters XVIII and XLII,
title 7, of the Code of Federal Regulations are being amended as
follows:

CHAPTER XVIII--RURAL HOUSING SERVICE, RURAL BUSINESS-COOPERATIVE
SERVICE, RURAL UTILITIES SERVICE, AND FARM SERVICE AGENCY, DEPARTMENT
OF AGRICULTURE

PART 1901--PROGRAM-RELATED INSTRUCTIONS

0
1. The authority citation for part 1901 is revised to read as follows:

Authority: 5 U.S.C. 301; 7 U.S.C. 1989; 40 U.S.C. 442; 42 U.S.C.
1480, 2942.

Subpart E--Civil Rights Compliance Requirements

0
2. Amend Sec.  1901.204 by revising paragraph (a)(16) to read as
follows:


Sec.  1901.204  Compliance reviews.

(a) * * *
    (16) Rural Business Development Grants.
* * * * *

PART 1942--ASSOCIATIONS

0
3. The authority citation for part 1942 continues to read as follows:

Authority: 5 U.S.C. 301; 7 U.S.C. 1989.

Subpart G--[Removed and Reserved]

0
4. Remove and reserve subpart G, consisting of Sec. Sec.  1942.301
through 1942.350 and Guides 1 and 2 to subpart G.

CHAPTER XLII--RURAL BUSINESS-COOPERATIVE SERVICE AND RURAL UTILITIES
SERVICE, DEPARTMENT OF AGRIGULTURE

PART 4280--LOANS AND GRANTS

0
5. The authority citation for part 4280 is revised to read as follows:

Authority: 5 U.S.C. 301: 7 U.S.C. 940c and 7 U.S.C. 1932(c).


0
6. Add subpart E to read as follows:

Subpart E--Rural Business Development Grants

General

Sec.
4280.401 Purpose.
4280.402 [Reserved]
4280.403 Definitions.
4280.404 Exception authority.
4280.405 Review or appeal rights.
4280.406 Conflict of interest.
4280.407 Statute and regulation references.
4280.408 U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA) departmental
regulations and laws that contain other compliance requirements.
4280.409 [Reserved]
4280.410 Other laws and regulations that contain compliance
requirements for this program.
4280.411 Forms, guides, and attachments.
4280.412-4280.414 [Reserved]

Rural Business Development Grants

4280.415 Rural Business Development Grants.

Eligibility

4280.416 Applicant eligibility.
4280.417 Project eligibility.
4280.418-4280.420 [Reserved]

Funding Provisions

4280.421 Term requirement.
4280.422 Joint funding.
4280.423 Ineligible uses of grant funds.
4280.424-4280.426 [Reserved]

Applying for a Grant

4280.427 Application.
4280.428-4280.429 [Reserved]
4280.430 Notification of decision.
4280.431-4280.433 [Reserved]

[[Page 15668]]

Processing and Scoring Application

4280.434 General processing and scoring provisions.
4280.435 Scoring criteria.
4280.436-4280.438 [Reserved]

Grant Awards and Agreements

4280.439 Grant awards and agreements.
4280.440-4280.442 [Reserved]

Post Award Activities and Requirements

4280.443 Grant monitoring and servicing.
4280.444-4280.447 [Reserved]
4280.448 Transfers and assumptions.
4280.449-4280.499 [Reserved]
4280.500 OMB control number.

General

Sec.  4280.401  Purpose.

This subpart implements the RBDG program administered by the
Agency. Grants made under this subpart will be made to eligible
entities for use in funding various business opportunity and business
enterprise Projects that serve Rural Areas.


Sec.  4280.402  [Reserved]


Sec.  4280.403  Definitions.

Administrator. The Administrator of RBS or designees or successors.
    Agency. Rural Business-Cooperative Service (RBS) or successor.
    Agriculture Production. The cultivation, production, growing,
raising, feeding, housing, breeding, hatching, or managing of crops,
plants, animals or birds, either for fiber, food for human consumption,
or livestock feed.
    Arm's-length Transaction. The sale, release, or disposition of
assets in which the title to the property passes to a ready, willing,
and able disinterested third party that is not affiliated with or
related to and has no security, monetary, or stockholder interest in
the grantee or transferor at the time of the transaction.
    Business Support Centers. Centers established to provide assistance
to businesses in such areas as counseling, business planning, training,
management assistance, marketing information, and locating financing
for business operations. The centers need not be located in a Rural
Area, but must provide assistance to businesses located in Rural Areas.
    Departmental Grant Regulations. The USDA grant regulations at 2 CFR
chapter IV.
    Economic Development. The industrial, business and financial
augmentation of an area as evidenced by increases in total income,
employment opportunities, value of production, duration of employment,
or diversification of industry, reduced outmigration, higher labor
force participation rates or wage levels or gains in other measurements
of economic activity, such as land values.
    Indian Tribe (Tribal). Indian Tribes on Federal and State
reservations and other federally recognized Indian Tribal groups.
    Industrial Site. The development of undeveloped real estate for
uses which will assist Small and Emerging Businesses.
    Long-term. The period of time covered by the three most recent
decennial censuses of the United States to the present.
    Nonprofit. An entity chartered as a nonprofit organization under
applicable State or Tribal law.
    Other Business Development. Any business related activity that will
assist Small and Emerging Businesses and may include but is not limited
to business incubators, business training centers, and other training
activity which leads directly to Small and Emerging Business
development.
    Planning. A process to coordinate Economic Development activities,
develop guides for action, or otherwise assist local community leaders
in the Economic Development of Rural Areas.
    Priority Communities. Communities targeted for Agency assistance as
determined by the U.S. Department of Agriculture Under Secretary for
Rural Development that are experiencing trauma due to natural disasters
or are undertaking or completing fundamental structural changes, have
remained persistently poor, or have experienced Long-Term population
decline or job deterioration.
    Project. The result of the use of grant funds provided under this
subpart through Technical Assistance or Planning relating to the
Economic Development of a Rural Area; or the result of the use of
program funds (i.e., a facility whether constructed by the applicant or
a third party made with grant funds, Technical Assistance, startup
operating costs, or working capital). A revolving fund established in
whole or in part with grant funds will also be considered a Project.
    Public Bodies/Government Entity. Public Bodies include States,
counties, cities, townships, and incorporated towns and villages,
boroughs, authorities, districts, and education institutions organized
under State and Federal laws, and Indian Tribes.
    Rural and Rural Area. As described in 7 U.S.C. 1991(a)(13)(A) and
(D) et seq.
    Small and Emerging Business. Any private and/or Nonprofit business
which will employ 50 or fewer new employees and has less than $1
million in gross revenue; for retail operations, total sales minus cost
of goods sold minus returns or for a service organizations, gross
revenue minus cost of providing service or for a manufacturing
operation it will be total sales minus cost of raw materials minus the
cost of production.
    State. Any of the 50 States, the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico, the
U.S. Virgin Islands, Guam, American Samoa, the Commonwealth of the
Northern Mariana Islands, the Republic of Palau, the Federated States
of Micronesia, and the Republic of the Marshall Islands.
    Technical Assistance. A function performed for the benefit of a
private business enterprise or a community and which is a problem
solving activity, such as market research, product and/or service
improvement, feasibility study, etc., to assist in the Economic
Development of a Rural Area.


Sec.  4280.404  Exception authority.

The Administrator may make an exception, on a case-by-case basis,
to any requirement or provision of this subpart that is not
inconsistent with any authorizing statute or applicable law if the
Administrator determines that application of the requirement or
provision would adversely affect the Government's financial interest.


Sec.  4280.405  Review or appeal rights.

A person may seek a review of an Agency decision under this subpart
from the appropriate Agency official that oversees the program in
question or appeal to the National Appeals Division in accordance with
7 CFR part 11.


Sec.  4280.406  Conflict of interest.

(a) General. No conflict of interest or appearance of conflict of
interest will be allowed. For purposes of this subpart, Conflict of
Interest includes, but is not limited to, distribution or payment of
grant, guaranteed loan funds, and matching funds or award of Project
construction contracts to an individual owner, partner, or stockholder,
or to a beneficiary or immediate family of the applicant or grantee
when the recipient will retain any portion of ownership in the
applicant's or grantee's Project. Grant and matching funds may not be
used to support costs for services or goods going to, or coming from, a
person or entity with a real or apparent conflict of interest. All
transactions must be Arm's-length Transactions.
    (b) Assistance to employees, relatives, and associates. The Agency
will process any requests for assistance under this subpart in
accordance with 7 CFR part 1900, subpart D.

[[Page 15669]]

(c) Member/delegate clause. No member of or delegate to Congress
shall receive any share or part of this grant or any benefit that may
arise therefrom; but this provision shall not be construed to bar, as a
contractor under the grant, a publicly held corporation whose ownership
might include a member of Congress so long as the member's ownership is
less than 10 percent.


Sec.  4280.407  Statute and regulation references.

All references to statutes and regulations are to include any and
all successor statutes and regulations.


Sec.  4280.408  U.S. Department of Agriculture departmental regulations
and laws that contain other compliance requirements.

(a) Departmental regulations. All funded under this subpart are
subject to the provisions of the Departmental Regulations, as
applicable, which are incorporated by reference herein.
    (b) Equal opportunity and nondiscrimination. The Agency will ensure
that equal opportunity and nondiscrimination requirements are met in
accordance with the Equal Credit Opportunity Act, 15 U.S.C. 1691 et
seq. and 7 CFR part 15d, ``Nondiscrimination in Programs and Activities
Conducted by the United State Department of Agriculture.'' The Agency
will not discriminate against applicants on the basis of race, color,
religion, national origin, sex, marital status, or age (provided that
the applicant has the capacity to contract); because all or part of the
applicant's income derives from any public assistance program; or
because the applicant has in good faith exercised any right under the
Consumer Credit Protection Act, 15 U.S.C. 1601 et seq.
    (c) Civil rights compliance. Recipients of grants must comply with
the Americans with Disabilities Act of 1990, 42 U.S.C. 12101 et seq.,
Title VI of the Civil Rights Act of 1964, 42 U.S.C. 2000d et seq., and
section 504 of the Rehabilitation Act of 1973, 29 U.S.C. 794. This may
include collection and maintenance of data on the race, sex, and
national origin of the recipient's membership/ownership and employees.
The data must be available to conduct compliance reviews.
    (1) Initial compliance reviews will be conducted by the Agency
prior to funds being obligated.
    (2) Grants will require one subsequent compliance review following
Project completion. This will occur prior to the last disbursement of
grant funds.
    (d) Environmental requirements. 7 CFR part 1940, subpart G or
successor regulation applies to this subpart. Prospective applicants
are advised to contact the Agency to determine environmental
requirements as soon as practicable after they decide to pursue any
form of financial assistance directly or indirectly available through
the Agency.
    (1) Any required environmental review must be completed by the
Agency prior to the Agency obligating any funds.
    (2) The applicant will be notified of all specific compliance
requirements, including, but not limited to, the publication of public
notices, and consultation with State Historic Preservation Offices (or
Tribal Historic Preservation Offices where appropriate) and the U.S.
Fish and Wildlife Service.
    (3) A site visit by the Agency may be scheduled, if necessary, to
determine the scope of the review.
    (4) Applications for Technical Assistance or Planning Projects are
generally excluded from the environmental review process by Sec.
1940.333 of this title provided the assistance is not related to the
development of a specific site. However, as further specified in 7 CFR
1940.330, the grantee for a Technical Assistance grant, in the process
of providing Technical Assistance, must consider the potential
environmental impacts of the recommendations provided to the recipient
of the Technical Assistance.
    (5) Applicants for grant funds must consider and document within
their plans the important environmental factors within the Planning
area and the potential environmental impacts of the plan on the
Planning area, as well as the alternative Planning strategies that were
reviewed.
    (6) Whenever an applicant files an application that includes a
direct construction Project and a plan, they must have a separate
environmental evaluation.
    (e) Discrimination complaints--(1) Who may file. Persons or a
specific class of persons believing they have been subjected to
discrimination prohibited by this section may file a complaint
personally, or by an authorized representative with USDA, Director,
Office of Adjudication, 1400 Independence Avenue SW., Washington, DC
20250.
    (2) Time for filing. A complaint must be filed no later than 180
days from the date of the alleged discrimination, unless the time for
filing is extended by the designated officials of USDA or the Agency.
    (f) Uniform Relocation and Real Property Acquisition Policies Act.
All Projects must comply with the requirements set forth in 7 CFR part
21.
    (g) Floodplains and wetlands. All Projects must comply with
Executive Order 11988 ``Floodplain Management'' and Executive Order
11990 ``Protection of Wetlands.'' The applicable regulations are
codified at 44 CFR parts 59 through 80.


Sec.  4280.409  [Reserved]


Sec.  4280.410  Other laws and regulations that contain compliance
requirements for this program.

(a) Equal employment opportunity. For all construction contracts
and grants in excess of $10,000, the contractor must comply with
Executive Order 11246, as amended by Executive Order 11375, and as
supplemented by applicable Department of Labor regulations (41 CFR part
60-1). The applicant is responsible for ensuring that the contractor
complies with these requirements.
    (b) Architectural barriers. All facilities financed with Zero-
Interest Loans that are open to the public or in which persons may be
employed or reside must be designed, constructed, or altered to be
readily accessible to and usable by disabled persons. Standards for
these facilities must comply with the Architectural Barriers Act of
1968, as amended, (42 U.S.C. 4151-4157).
    (c) Uniform relocation assistance. Relocations in connection with
these programs are subject to 49 CFR part 24 as referenced by 7 CFR
part 21 except that the provisions in title III of the Uniform Act do
not apply to these programs.
    (d) Drug-free workplace. Grants made under these programs are
subject to the requirements contained in 2 CFR chapter IV which
implements the Drug-Free Workplace Act. RBDG recipients will be
required to certify that it will establish and make a good faith effort
to maintain a drug-free workplace program.
    (e) Debarment and suspension. The requirements of 2 CFR chapter IV
are applicable to this program.
    (f) Intergovernmental review of Federal programs. These programs
are subject to the requirements of Executive Order 12372 and 2 CFR
chapter IV. Proposed Projects are subject to the State and local
government review process contained in 2 CFR chapter IV.
    (g) Restrictions on lobbying. The restrictions and requirements
imposed by 31 U.S.C. 1352, and 2 CFR chapter IV, are applicable to
these programs.
    (h) Earthquake hazards. These programs are subject to the seismic
requirements of the Earthquake Hazards Reduction Act of 1977 (42 U.S.C.
7701-7706).

[[Page 15670]]

(i) Affirmative fair housing. If applicable, the grantee will be
required to comply with the Affirmative Fair Housing Act (42 U.S.C.
3601-3631 and 24 CFR part 100).
    (j) Flood hazard insurance. The RBDG program is subject to the
National Flood Insurance Act of 1968 and the Flood Disaster Protection
Act of 1973, as amended by 42 U.S.C. 4001-4129 and 7 CFR part 1806,
subpart B.
    (k) Uniform administrative requirements, cost principles, and audit
requirements for Federal awards. The requirements of 2 CFR chapter IV,
or its successor regulations are applicable to this program.
    (l) Planning and performing construction and other development. The
requirements of 7 CFR part 1924, subpart A, or its successor
regulations, are applicable to this program.
    (m) Transparency Act. The requirements of 2 CFR part 170 are
applicable to this program.


Sec.  4280.411  Forms, guides, and attachments.

All forms, guides, and attachments referenced in this subpart are
available online at: http://forms.sc.egov.usda.gov/eForms/ or in any
Rural Development State office.


Sec. Sec.  4280.412-4280.414  [Reserved]

Rural Business Development Grants


Sec.  4280.415  Rural Business Development Grants.

Sections 4280.416 through 4280.439 identify the provisions that the
Agency will use for making awards for Rural Business Development
Grants.

Eligibility


Sec.  4280.416  Applicant eligibility.

To receive an RBDG under this subpart, an applicant must meet the
requirements specified in paragraphs (a) through (e) of this section.
If an award is made to an applicant, that applicant (grantee) must
continue to meet the requirements specified in this section. If the
grantee does not, then grant funds may be recovered from the grantee by
the Agency in accordance with Departmental Regulations.
    (a) Type of applicant. The Applicant must be one of the following:
    (1) A Public Body/Government Entity;
    (2) An Indian Tribe; or
    (3) A Nonprofit entity.
    (b) Financial strength and expertise. The Applicant must have
sufficient financial strength and expertise in activities proposed in
the application to ensure accomplishment of the described activities
and objectives.
    (1) Financial strength will be analyzed by the Agency based on
financial data provided in the application. The analysis will consider
the applicant's tangible net worth, which must be positive, and whether
the applicant has dependable sources of revenue or a successful history
of raising revenue sufficient to meet cash requirements.
    (2) Expertise will be analyzed by the Agency based on the applicant
staff's training and experience in activities similar to those proposed
in the application and, if consultants will be used, on the staff's
experience in choosing and supervising consultants.
    (c) Universal identifier and system for awards management. Unless
exempt under 2 CFR 25.110, the Applicant must:
    (1) Be registered in the System for Awards Management (SAM) prior
to submitting an application;
    (2) Maintain an active SAM registration with current information at
all times during which it has an active Federal award or an application
under consideration by the Agency; and
    (3) Provide its Dun and Bradstreet Data Universal Numbering System
(DUNS) number in each application it submits to the Agency. Generally,
the DUNS number is included on Standard Form (SF) 424, ``Application
for Federal Assistance.''
    (d) Delinquent debt. The applicant must not have any delinquent
debt to the Federal Government. If an applicant has any delinquent debt
to the Federal Government, the applicant will be ineligible to receive
any funds obligated under this subpart until the debt has been paid.
    (e) Legal authority and responsibility. Each Applicant must have
the legal authority necessary to apply for and carry out the purpose of
the grant.


Sec.  4280.417  Project eligibility.

For a Project to be eligible for funding under this subpart, the
proposed Project must meet each of the requirements specified in
paragraphs (a) through (e) of this section.
    (a) Types of projects. Grant funds may be used for Projects
identified in either paragraph (a)(1) of this section, business
opportunity type grants, or paragraph (a)(2) of this section, business
enterprise type grants. Unless otherwise announced in a Notice of
Solicitation of Applications, the Agency will set aside 10 percent of
its RBDG appropriation for business opportunity type grants. The Agency
reserves the right to reallocate funds set aside for business
opportunity type grants to business enterprise type grants if it
becomes apparent to the Agency that there is insufficient demand for
the funds set aside for the business opportunity type grants.
    (1) Business opportunity Projects. Grant funds may be used for
business opportunity Projects that include one or more of the following
activities:
    (i) Identify and analyze business opportunities that will use local
rural materials or human resources. This includes opportunities in
export markets, as well as feasibility and business plan studies;
    (ii) Identify, train, and provide Technical Assistance to existing
or prospective rural entrepreneurs and managers;
    (iii) Establish Business Support Centers and otherwise assist in
the creation of new Rural businesses;
    (iv) Conduct local community or multi-county Economic Development
Planning;
    (v) Conduct leadership development training of existing or
prospective adult rural entrepreneurs and managers;
    (vi) Establish centers for training, technology, and trade that
will provide training to Rural businesses in the utilization of
interactive communications technologies to develop international trade
opportunities and markets; or
    (vii) Pay reasonable fees and charges for professional services
necessary to conduct the Technical Assistance, training, or planning
functions.
    (2) Business enterprise projects. Grant funds may be used to
finance and/or develop Small and Emerging Businesses in Rural Areas
including, but not limited to, the following activities:
    (i) Acquisition and development of land, easements and rights-of-
way;
    (ii) Construction, conversion, enlargement, repairs or
modernization of buildings, plants, machinery, equipment, access
streets and roads, parking areas, utilities, and pollution control and
abatement facilities;
    (iii) Provision of loans for startup operating cost and working
capital;
    (iv) Reasonable fees and charges for professional services
necessary for the planning and development of the Project;
    (v) Establishment of a revolving loan fund to provide financial
assistance to third parties through a loan; and
    (vi) Establishment, expansion, and operation of Rural distance
learning networks or development of Rural learning programs that
provide educational instruction or job training instruction related to
potential employment or job advancements for adult students;
    (vii) Provision of Technical Assistance for Small and Emerging
Businesses, including but not limited to feasibility studies and
business plans; and/or

[[Page 15671]]

(viii) Provision of Technical Assistance and training to rural
communities for the purpose of improving passenger transportation
services or facilities.
    (b) Result of projects. (1) For business opportunity type grants,
the Project must have a reasonable prospect that the Project will
result in the Economic Development of a Rural Area.
    (2) For business enterprise type grants, the Project must have a
reasonable prospect that it will result in the development or financing
of Small and Emerging Businesses.
    (c) Basis for success or failure. Grants may be made only when the
application demonstrates a need for the Project and includes a basis
for determining the success or failure of the Project and individual
major elements of the Project and outlines procedures that will be
taken to assess the Project's impact at its conclusion.
    (d) Local and area-wide strategic plans. Business opportunity type
grants may be made only when the proposed Project is consistent with
any local and area-wide strategic plans for community and Economic
Development, coordinated with other Economic Development activities in
the Project area, and consistent with any Rural Development State
Strategic Plan.


Sec. Sec.  4280.418-4280.420   [Reserved]

Funding Provisions


Sec.  4280.421  Term requirement.

A grant may be considered for the amount needed to assist with the
completion of a proposed Project, provided that the Project can
reasonably be expected to be completed within 1 full year after it has
begun.


Sec.  4280.422  Joint funding.

To the extent permitted by law, Agency grant funds may be used
jointly and in proportion with funds furnished by the grantee or from
other sources including Agency loan funds.


Sec.  4280.423  Ineligible uses of grant funds.

Grant funds may not be used towards any of the uses identified in
paragraphs (a) through (n) of this section.
    (a) Duplicate current services or substitute support previously
provided. If the current service is inadequate, however, grant funds
may be used to expand the level of effort or services beyond what is
currently being provided.
    (b) Pay costs of preparing the application package for funding
under this program or any other program.
    (c) Pay costs for any expenses incurred prior to receipt of a full
application, except for those permitted under Departmental Regulations.
    (d) Fund political activities.
    (e) Pay for assistance to any private business enterprise which
does not create and/or support jobs in the United States.
    (f) Pay any judgment or debt owed to the United States.
    (g) Fund Agriculture Production either directly or through
horizontally integrated livestock operations except for commercial
nurseries, timber operations or limited Agricultural Production related
to Technical Assistance Projects. The following are not considered
Agriculture Production:
    (1) Aquaculture, including conservation, development, and
utilization of water for aquaculture;
    (2) Commercial fishing;
    (3) Commercial nurseries engaged in the production of ornamental
plants and trees and other nursery products such as bulbs, flowers,
shrubbery, flower and vegetable seeds, sod, and the growing of plants
from seed to the transplant stage;
    (4) Forestry, which includes businesses primarily engaged in the
operation of timber tracts, tree farms, and forest nurseries and
related activities such as reforestation; or
    (5) The growing of mushrooms or hydroponics.
    (h) To finance comprehensive area-wide type Planning. This does not
preclude the use of grant funds for Planning for a given Project.
    (i) To make loans when the rates, terms, and charges for those
loans are not reasonable or would be for purposes not eligible under 7
CFR part 4274, subpart D.
    (j) For programs operated by cable television systems.
    (k) To fund a part of a Project that is dependent on other funding
unless there is a firm commitment of the other funding to ensure
completion of the Project.
    (l) To pay for Technical Assistance that duplicates assistance
provided to implement an action plan funded by the Forest Service (FS)
under the National Forest-Dependent Rural Communities Economic
Diversification Act for 5 continuous years from the date of grant
approval by the FS. To avoid duplicate assistance, the grantee shall
coordinate with FS and the Agency to ascertain if a grant has been made
in a substantially similar geographical or defined local area in a
State for Technical Assistance under the FS program. The grantee will
provide documentation to FS and the Agency regarding the contact with
each agency.
    (m) Pass through grants. Pass through grants are for, but not
limited to:
    (1) The purchase, refurbishing, or remodeling of real estate for
use as a business incubator without charging a fair market rental;
    (2) The purchase of equipment for use by an ultimate recipient
without charging a fair market rental; and
    (3) The making of a Revolving Loan Fund (RLF) loan without taking
appropriate security to reasonably assure repayment of the loan.
    (n) For a Project that would result in the transfer of existing
employment or business activity more than 25 miles from its existing
location.


Sec. Sec.  4280.424-4280.426  [Reserved]

Applying for a Grant


Sec.  4280.427  Application.

Applications for an RBDG grant as specified in Sec.  4280.417(a)(1)
and (2) must contain the following:
    (a) An original and one copy of SF 424, ``Application For Federal
Assistance (For Non-construction);''
    (b) Copies of applicant's organizational documents showing the
applicant's legal existence and authority to perform the activities
under the grant;
    (c) A proposed scope of work, including a description of the
proposed Project, e.g., RLF, Technical Assistance, Industrial Site,
Business Opportunity and Other Business Development, details of the
proposed activities to be accomplished and timeframes for completion of
each task, the number of months duration of the Project, and the
estimated time it will take from grant approval to beginning of Project
implementation;
    (d) A written narrative that includes, at a minimum, the following
items:
    (1) An explanation of why the Project is needed, the benefits of
the proposed Project, and how the Project meets the grant eligible
purposes;
    (2) Area to be served, identifying each governmental unit, i.e.
town, county, etc., to be affected by the Project;
    (3) Description of how the Project will coordinate Economic
Development activities with other Economic Development activities
within the Project area;
    (4) Business to be assisted, if appropriate, and Economic
Development to be accomplished;
    (5) An explanation of how the proposed Project will result in newly
created, increased, or supported jobs in the area and the number of
projected new and supported jobs within the next 3 years;
    (6) A description of the applicant's demonstrated capability and
experience in providing the proposed Project assistance or similar
Economic

[[Page 15672]]

Development activities, including experience of key staff members and
persons who will be providing the proposed Project activities and
managing the Project;
    (7) The method and rationale used to select the areas and
businesses that will receive the service;
    (8) A brief description of how the work will be performed including
whether organizational staff or consultants or contractors will be
used; and
    (9) Other information the Agency may request to assist it in making
a grant award determination;
    (e) The latest 3 years of financial information to show the
applicant's financial capacity to carry out the proposed work. If the
applicant is less than 3 years old, at a minimum, the information
should include all balance sheet(s), income statement(s) and cash flow
statement(s). A current audited report is required if available;
    (f) Intergovernmental review comments from the State Single Point
of Contact, or evidence that the State has elected not to review the
program under Executive Order 12372;
    (g) Documentation regarding the availability and amount of other
funds to be used in conjunction with the funds from the RBDG;
    (h) A budget which includes salaries, fringe benefits, consultant
costs, indirect costs, and other appropriate direct costs for the
Project; and
    (i) RBDG construction Project grants must conform with 7 CFR part
1924, subpart A requirements.


Sec. Sec.  4280.428-4280.429   [Reserved]


Sec.  4280.430  Notification of decision.

When the Agency has determined that an application is not eligible
or that no further action will be taken, the Agency will notify the
applicant in writing of the reasons why the application was not
favorably considered and provide any appeal rights.


Sec. Sec.  4280.431-4280.433  [Reserved]

Processing and Scoring Applications


Sec.  4280.434  General processing and scoring provisions.

The Agency will review each application for assistance in
accordance with the priorities established in Sec.  4280.435. The
Agency will assign each application a priority rating and will select
applications for funding based on the priority ratings and the total
funds available to the program.
    (a) Applications. The Agency will score each application based on
the information contained in the application and its supporting
information. All applications submitted for funding must contain
sufficient information to permit the Agency to complete a thorough
priority rating.
    (b) Unfunded applications. The Agency will notify eligible
applicants if funds are not available. If an applicant wishes to have
their application maintained in an active file for future
consideration, the applicant must revise and update their application
in writing for the Agency to reconsider in a future funding cycle.


Sec.  4280.435  Scoring criteria.

The Agency will use the criteria in this section to score
applications for purposes identified under Sec.  4280.417(a)(1)and (2).
    (a) Leveraging. If the grant will fund a critical element of a
larger program of Economic Development, without which the overall
program either could not proceed or would be far less effective, or if
the program to be assisted by the grant will also be partially funded
from other sources, points will be awarded as follows. If points are
awarded for leveraging, funds must be spent proportionally, and if
leveraged funds are not utilized proportionately with the grant, the
Agency reserves the right to take any legal action, including
terminating the grant.
    (1) If Rural Development's portion of Project funding is:
    (i) Less than 20 percent--30 points;
    (ii) 20 but less than 50 percent--20 points;
    (iii) 50 but less than 75 percent--10 points; or
    (iv) 75 percent or more--0 points.
    (2) [Reserved]
    (b) Points will be awarded for each of the following criteria met
by the community or communities that will receive the benefit of the
grant. However, regardless of the mathematical total of points
indicated by paragraphs (b)(1) through (4) of this section, total
points awarded under this paragraph (b) must not exceed 40.
    (1) Trauma. Experiencing trauma due to a major natural disaster
that occurred not more than 3 years prior to the filing of the
application for assistance--15 points;
    (2) Economic distress. The community has suffered a loss of 20
percent or more in their total jobs caused by the closure of a military
facility or other employers within the last 3 years--15 points;
    (3) Long-term poverty. Has experienced Long-Term poverty as
demonstrated by being a former Rural empowerment zone, Rural economic
area partnership zone, Rural enterprise community, champion community,
or a persistent poverty county as determined by USDA's Economic
Research Serviced--10 points;
    (4) Population decline. Has experienced Long-Term population
decline--10 points as demonstrated by the latest three decennial
censuses.
    (c) Population. Proposed Project(s) will be located in a community
of:
    (1) Under 5,000 population--15 points;
    (2) Between 5,000 and less than 15,000 population--10 points; or
    (3) Between 15,000 and 25,000 population--5 points.
    (d) Unemployment. Proposed Project(s) will be located in areas
where the unemployment rate:
    (1) exceeds the State rate by 25 percent or more--20 points;
    (2) exceeds the State rate by less than 25 percent--10 points; or
    (3) is equal to or less than the State rate--0 points.
    (e) Median household income. Proposed Project(s) will be located in
areas where Median Household Income (MHI) as prescribed by section
673(2) of the Community Services Block Grant Act for a family of 4 for
the State is:
    (1) Less than poverty line--25 points;
    (2) More than poverty line but less than 65 percent of State MHI--
15 points;
    (3) Between 65 and 85 percent of State MHI--10 points; or
    (4) Greater than 85 percent State MHI--0 points.
    (f) Experience. Applicant has evidence of successful experience in
the type of activity. Evidence of successful experience may be a
description of experience supplied and certified by the applicant based
upon its current employees' resumes:
    (1) 10 or more years-30 points;
    (2) At least 5 but less than 10 years-20 points;
    (3) At least 3 but less than 5 years-10 points; or
    (4) At least 1 but less than 3 years-5 points.
    (g) Small business start-up or expansion. Applicant has evidence
that small business development will be supported by startup or
expansion as a result of the activities to be carried out under the
grant. Written evidence of commitment by a small, or a Small and
Emerging Business must be provided to the Agency, and should include
the number of jobs that will be supported and created. 5 points for
each letter up to 25 points.
    (h) Jobs created or supported. The anticipated development,
expansion, or furtherance of business enterprises as a result of the
proposed Project will create and/or support existing jobs associated

[[Page 15673]]

with the affected businesses. The number of jobs must be evidenced by a
written commitment from the business to be assisted.
    (1) One job for less than $5,000--25 points;
    (2) one job for $5,000 but less than $10,000--20 points;
    (3) one job for $10,000 but less than $15,000--15 points;
    (4) one job for $15,000 but less than $20,000--10 points; or
    (5) one job for $20,000 but less than $25,000--5 points.
    (i) Size of grant request. Grant Projects utilizing funds available
under this subpart of:
    (1) less than $100,000--25 points;
    (2) $100,000 to $200,000--15 points; or
    (3) more than $200,000 but not more than $500,000--10 points.
    (j) Indirect cost. Applicant is not requesting grant funds to cover
their administrative or indirect costs-5 points.
    (k) Discretionary points. Either the State Director or
Administrator may assign up to 50 discretionary points to an
application. Assignment of discretionary points must include a written
justification. Permissible justifications are geographic distribution
of funds, special Secretary of Agriculture initiatives such as Priority
Communities, or a state's strategic goals. Discretionary points may
only be assigned to initial grants. However, in the case where two
Projects have the same score, the State Director may add one point to
the Project that best fits the State's strategic plan regardless of
whether the Project is an initial or subsequent grant.


Sec. Sec.  4280.436-4280.438  [Reserved]

Grant Awards and Agreement


Sec.  4280.439  Grant awards and agreements.

The Agency will award and administer RBDG grants in accordance with
applicable Departmental regulations, this subpart, and the unauthorized
grant provisions of 7 CFR part 1951, subpart O.
    (a) Letter of conditions. The Agency will provide each approved
applicant a letter of conditions, which sets out the conditions under
which the grant will be made, including, but not limited to, an Agency
grant agreement.
    (b) Applicant's intent to meet conditions. The applicant must
complete, sign and return a ``Letter of Intent to Meet Conditions,'' to
the Agency. If applicant identifies certain conditions that the
applicant cannot meet, the applicant may propose alternate conditions
to the Agency. The Agency must concur with any changes proposed by the
letter of conditions by the applicant before the any grant will be
made.


Sec. Sec.  4280.440-4280.442  [Reserved]

Post Award Activities and Requirements


Sec.  4280.443  Grant monitoring and servicing.

RBDG grants will be monitored and serviced in accordance with the
grant agreement, this subpart, and 2 CFR chapter IV.


Sec. Sec.  4280.444-4280.447  [Reserved]


Sec.  4280.448  Transfers and assumptions.

The Agency will approve transfer and assumption requests on grants
awarded under this subpart on a case by case basis, and then only to
eligible entities under Sec.  4280.416.


Sec. Sec.  4280.449-4280.499  [Reserved]


Sec.  4280.500  OMB control number.

The reporting and recordkeeping requirements contained in this
regulation have been approved by the Office of Management and Budget
(OMB) under the provisions of 44 U.S.C. chapter 35 and have been
assigned OMB control numbers 0570-0022 and 0570-0024 in accordance with
the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995. You are not required to respond to
this collection of information unless it displays a valid OMB control
number.

PART 4284--GRANTS

0
7. The authority citation for part 4284 continues to read as follows:

Authority:  5 U.S.C. 301 and 7 U.S.C. 1989.
    Subpart F also issued under 7 U.S.C 1932(e).
    Subpart G also issued under 7 U.S.C 1926(a)(11).
    Subpart J also issued under 7 U.S.C 1621 note.
    Subpart K also issued under 7 U.S.C. 1621 note.

Subpart G--[Removed and Reserved]

0
8. Subpart G, consisting of Sec. Sec.  4284.601 through 4284.700, is
removed and reserved.

Dated: March 6, 2015.
Lisa Mensah,
Under Secretary, Rural Development.
    Dated: March 3, 2015.
Michael Scuse,
Under Secretary, Farm and Foreign Agricultural Services.
[FR Doc. 2015-06489 Filed 3-24-15; 8:45 am]
 BILLING CODE 3410-XY-P

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: March 26, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              96 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                  San Pedro Valley News-Sun (Benson, Arizona)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                               September 15, 2010

Loans, grants available to assist rural communities

BYLINE: Shar Porier, wick communications

LENGTH: 763  words


When one thinks of the U.S. Department of Agriculture, what normally comes to
mind is a gov-ernment entity that supports agriculture, handles food recalls and
approves medications. But, there is far more this department does to help rural
counties and citizens through the USDA Rural Development program in ways that
are mostly unknown.

To bring the litany of programs available to the county, Alan Stephens, director
of the Arizona USDA Rural Development program, and Todd Madeksza, director of
legislative affairs, talked with the Cochise County Board of Supervisors in a
recent work session to highlight what's available to help the county and its
residents.

According to Stephens, the rural development agency within the USDA

is dedicated to serving the needs of small town, rural America through 43 loans
and grants.

"We deliver an array of programs that respond to the needs of Arizona's rural
communities, for housing, business, community facilities and utility systems, "
he said. "Our mission is to enhance the ability of rural communities to develop,
to grow, and to improve their quality of life by targeting financial and
technical resources into areas with the greatest need for activities with the
greatest potential."

USDA Rural Development has received $650 million from stimulus funding to aid
rural Arizona that can be used in projects such as housing, wastewater
treatment, , community facilities, recycling and more in communities of 10, 000
people or fewer and, in other instances, communities of 20, 000 or fewer,

said Stephens.

Supervisor Richard Searle asked if an unincorporated Huachuca City area could be
helped with money to fund hookups to the existing town wastewater system.

Huachuca City wants to annex the enclave and a

loan or grant toward connecting that area to the wastewater system would help
residents.

Stephens said such a project would be eligible for USDA Rural Development
funding and that $30 million to $60 million was available statewide for

such endeavors.

USDA Rural Development also offers loans for business and industry by working
with banks to help serve small business opportunities, maintain employment and
improve the economic base line in rural communities. Such loans can be used for
working capital, machinery and equipment, buildings, real estate and certain
types of debt refinancing.

"This program represents a true private-public partnership, " Stephens said. "By
expanding the lending capabilities of private lenders and providing quality
loans, we can help provide lasting community benefits."

Of course, there are requirements of eligibility for any of these loans through
USDA Rural Development, which include expertise in the area the grant would
assist, maintain the financial strength to ensure objectives can be accomplished
and prove the community economic benefits.

For farmers, ranchers and rural small businesses, USDA Rural Development
provides energy efficiency grants for up to 25 percent of the project costs.

Governmental agencies (counties and cities) and nonprofit organizations can
apply for funds to be used for construction, expansion or improvements through
the community facility loan program, said Stephens. Emergency services and law
enforcement agencies may also be eligible for RD assistance as well as childcare
centers, community

buildings, libraries and schools. Copper Queen Community Hospital's Palominas
clinic was expanded in part with - USDA Rural Development funds. Other health
facilities that could apply for assistance are hospitals, clinics,
rehabilitation centers and nursing homes, Stephens added.

"These loans and grants have helped struggling families save their homes, helped
small businesses stay afloat, and helped communities provide basic health and
sanitary services right here in Arizona. They have not only boosted the economy,
but the human spirit, " he said.

Projects

Recent Cochise County U.S. Department of Agriculture Rural Development projects:

Bisbee Hospital Association, $7.1 million loan

Bisbee Hospital Association, $2.8 loan and grant

Sulphur Springs Electric Co-op, $99, 750 grant

Willcox Village Shopping Center, $2, 325 million grant and loan

Mescal/J6 Fire District, $160, 000 Joan

Sunsites-Pearce Fire District, $19, 165 grant

This is only a partial list of the more than $16, 264, 365 received through one
of the programs. More than $14, 300, 000 in housing loans and grants were also
made to applicants from Cochise County.

Learn more

For information on USDA community programs, call (602) 280-8745 or visit the
USDA Web site at: http:/AAAAAA/.usda.gov/wps/portal/usda/usdahome.

LOAD-DATE: June 17, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Agriculture

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: SPV

                      Copyright 2010 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                    Copyright 2010 San Pedro Valley News-Sun


                              97 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                 Nuneaton News

                           February 14, 2017 Tuesday

New funding available to help set up rural micro-businesses

SECTION: FEATURES:OTHER; Pg. 14

LENGTH: 473  words


A NEW £2 million grant fund to grow businesses and create jobs in rural
Warwickshire has been launched.

In a major boost to jobs and growth in the region, businesses and other
organisations are being invited to submit expressions of interest to the Rural
Development Programme for England (RDPE) Growth Programme.

The funding includes £1.5 million of business development grants open to small
and micro businesses in rural areas including social enterprises and farmers
diversifying into non-agricultural activities.

Coventry and Warwickshire Local Enterprise Partnership (CWLEP) worked with the
Rural Payments Agency (RPA) and other government departments to secure the
financial allocation through the European Agricultural Fund for Rural
Development (EAFRD) - part of the European Structural and Investment Funds
(ESIF).

Warwickshire businesses supported by the RDPE Growth Programme's predecessor
programme, included advanced manufacturing and engineering companies, an alpaca
stud farm, an organic food manufacturer and retailer, and local breweries.

"Our region has an extremely strong and diverse rural economy and it is great
news the area has been allocated further grant funding to boost businesses,"
said Sean Farnell, board member of the CWLEP

"It is important we build on the progress that has been and for organisations to
apply for a share of this new funding to further strengthen our rural economy."

Up to £500,000 of tourism grants is also open to land-owners, people or groups
representing rural communities, charities and public bodies.

A series of free workshops are being held across Warwickshire to help businesses
in making applications and provide the opportunity to discuss possible projects
with the RPA's Rural Development Team.

Each workshop has a different focus and target audience, but all three are open
to any interested business. There will also be information about other business
support programmes in the CWLEP area. The workshops include:

Raising Finance for Business - March 10, from 9am - 12.30pm, Warwick Innovation
Centre, Warwick Technology Park, Warwick.

Farm Diversification - From beef to beer? is on March 27 from 2pm - 5pm, at
Arthur Rank Centre, Stoneleigh Park, Kenilworth.

Helping North Warwickshire businesses grow - March 29, from 9.30am - 12pm, Lea
Marston Hotel, Sutton Coldfield.

The new grant fund is open for expressions of interest until 31 January 2018.

The fund is part of a wider package of finance available to support Coventry and
Warwickshire businesses including European Regional Development Fund (ERDF)
investment grants, ERDF innovation grants, ERDF low carbon grants, LEADER grants
in North Warwickshire and Warwickshire County Council's Capital Growth Fund.

For more information about the RDPE Growth grants, visit:

https://www.gov.uk/government/publications/rdpe-growth-programme

LOAD-DATE: February 14, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                           Copyright 2017 Localworld
                              All Rights Reserved


                              98 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                     The Ortonville Independent (Minnesota)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                 April 21, 2015

USDA seeks applications for grants to support businesses

BYLINE: The Ortonville Independent staff

LENGTH: 346  words


USDA Rural Development State Director Colleen Landkamer announced that USDA is
seeking applications for grants to support rural businesses and help create
jobs.

"This USDA funding will ensure continued investments in rural businesses,"
Landkamer said. "Too often, rural businesses and the communities they serve lack
access to the capital and resources they need to grow and thrive. These grants
will help remedy that and allow rural small businesses throughout Minnesota the
chance to share in the nation's economic recovery."

More than $28 million is expected to be available under the Rural Business
Development Grant (RBDG) program. Eligible applicants include public bodies,
government entities, Indian tribes and non-profit organizations.

Congress established the RBDG program under the 2014 Farm Bill by combining
USDA's Rural Business Enterprise Grant (RBEG) and Rural Business Opportunity
Grant (RBOG) programs. The new program, like its predecessors, is designed to
assist the startup or expansion of small and emerging private businesses and/or
non-profits in rural communities.

RBDG grants can be used to acquire or develop land, buildings, plants and
equipment; build or improve access roads, parking areas, utility extensions, and
water and waste disposal facilities; provide technical assistance; establish
revolving loan funds; and to support rural distance learning programs that
provide educational or job training. There are no substantive programmatic or
operational changes to the RBEG and RBOG programs as a result of this
consolidation.

Grants made before the implementation of the RBDG program will continue to be
governed by the terms of the applicable RBOG and RBEG regulations in effect at
the time the grants were made.

For additional information on how to apply, contact your local Area Specialist,
the Minnesota State Office at 651-602-7800, or see Page 15665 of the March 25
Federal Register.

Since 2009, USDA Rural Development has invested over $192 million in over 1,097
rural small businesses and $5.8 billion in rural communities throughout
Minnesota.

LOAD-DATE: May 4, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Business

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: ORT

                      Copyright 2015 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                   Copyright 2015 The Ortonville Independent


                              99 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                     The Ortonville Independent (Minnesota)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                 June 16, 2015

USDA loans, grants to help rural economic development

BYLINE: The Ortonville Independent staff

LENGTH: 521  words


USDA Rural Development State Director Colleen Landkamer announced the awarding
of $1.3 million in loans and grants for two Minnesota organizations to promote
rural economic development.

"These investments help rural residents start or expand businesses and purchase
updated equipment," Landkamer said. "The funds can be used for a wide range of
needs. They can help businesses increase production and manufacturing capacity
and can even help rural homeowners save money by making their homes more energy
efficient."

Funding is being provided through USDA's Rural Economic Development Loan and
Grant (REDLG) program. Landkamer's announcement corresponds with U.S. Secretary
of Agriculture Tom Vilsack's recent announcement of over $31 million in loans
and grants for 38 projects in 12 states.

Through the REDLG program, USDA provides zero-interest loans and grants to
utilities that lend funds to local businesses for projects to create and retain
employment in rural areas. These revolving loan funds broaden the program's
reach and create a multiplier effect for its impact. Eligible applicants are
USDA Rural Utilities Service borrowers. Innovative USDA investments through this
program are boosting economic development in rural communities all across the
country, Vilsack noted.

South Central Electric Association, servicing a number of counties in southern
Minnesota, has been selected to receive a $300,000 grant to help the Lewisville
Area Volunteer Fire Fighting Company, the Ormsby Volunteer Fire Department, and
the Jeffers Area Fire Department purchase new vehicles, fire and EMS equipment.
This project is expected to benefit over 750 local residents.

Minnesota's Agralite Electric Cooperative has been approved for a $1 million
loan to help with the expansion of Alliance Midstream, LLC Benson Propane
Terminal through the purchase and installation of equipment related to a propane
rail offloading facility. In addition to the multitude of jobs maintained, this
project is expected to create three new job opportunities.

The awards announced today are contingent upon the recipients meeting the terms
of the loan or grant agreement. View the complete nationwide list of awards.

USDA Rural Development has invested nearly $16.5 million for more than 30 rural
small business start-ups and expansions in rural communities throughout
Minnesota since 2009.

Since the beginning of the Obama Administration, the REDLG program has helped
create or save more than 32,000 rural jobs, provided almost $338 million in
economic development assistance, improved manufacturing capability, expanded
health care and educational facilities and helped grow or establish almost 1,200
rural businesses and community projects.

USDA Rural Development also invests in housing, community facilities,
telecommunications, water and wastewater facilities, and broadband that help
empower rural America to continue leading the way -- strengthening America's
economy, small towns and rural communities.

For more information on the REDLG or any other USDA Rural Development program,
please contact your local Area Specialist or visit www.rd.usda.gov/mn.

LOAD-DATE: May 28, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Economy

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: ORT

                      Copyright 2015 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                   Copyright 2015 The Ortonville Independent


                             100 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                    Sioux County Index-Reporter (Hull, Iowa)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                January 1, 2014

USDA Rural Development Invests $498 million in Rural Iowa in 2013

BYLINE: Sioux County Index-Reporter staff

LENGTH: 936  words


During the past year a relatively small mission area within the U.S. Department
of Agriculture (USDA) has assisted thousands of rural lowans by helping bring
nearly half a billion dollars to rural Iowa to support community and economic
development projects throughout the state.

USDA Rural Development invested $498 million into rural Iowa in 2013 to develop
homeownership opportunities, as well as wide variety of job-creation and
community-improvement projects and activities.

For instance, USDA Rural Development funds were used to build a road in Warren
County to support an expanding small business, helped the City of Corwith plan
for a new fire station, developed an indoor farmers' market facility in Ot-tumwa
and will assist with the upcoming remodeling and expansion at Floyd Valley
Hospital in Le Mars.

"Our focus is on the viability of rural communities which are so vital to our
state and nation," said Bill Menner, USDA Rural Development State Director in
Iowa. "These are the places that help support American agriculture and foster an
ethic that impacts our workforce, our military and our economy. We are working
with communities to create jobs, expand opportunity, encourage innovation and
build a strong foundation for the future."

In 2013, USDA Rural Development funding, through 40 direct loan, guaranteed loan
and grant programs, helped 2,600 rural Iowa families purchase homes, created or
retained more than 1,000 jobs, and assisted 60 communities with improvements to
facilities, services and infrastructure.

This fail a groundbreaking ceremony was held at the future home of C& L
Companies' new warehouse and distribution and testing facility in rural Warren
County. USDA Rural Development provided a $1 million rural economic development
loan to assist with the expansion project.

Additionally, a $280,000 rural economic development grant helped make upgrades
to the roadway near the warehouse and distribution facility. C&L Companies is a
manufacturer of after-market motorcycle component parts. The project is
estimated to create 14 new jobs.

Access Energy Cooperative used nearly $800,000 in USDA rural economic
development grants and loans (REDLG) in 2013 to create a revolving loan fund
that the Henry County Health Center used to purchase health information
technology (HIT) equipment for the surgical and outpatient departments.

Many recipients of USDA Rural Development's 2013 rural business enterprise
grants (RBEG) are supporting local foods efforts. Cass County used an $11,554
technical assistance grant to help develop sustainable and economically
successful local foods systems that support farm-based businesses and
entrepreneurs in the county.

Ottumwa Progress Inc. received a $62,676 grant to assist with construction
costs, as well as the purchase of equipment for an educational and commercial
kitchen area in an indoor farmers' market facility helping small and emerging
businesses. Winneshiek County Agricultural Extension District received a $48,000
grant to help purchase a refrigerated delivery truck and provide technical
assistance to northeast Iowa food producers and processors through a food hub
delivery and marketing service.

In addition to generating jobs, USDA Rural Development investments are also
creating ongoing economic opportunities in rural America that will pay benefits
for years to come.

The City of Bloomfield received $2 million in loan and grant funds to help
establish an emergency connection to Rathbun Regional Water Association's newly
completed water treatment plant in case the city would need to access additional
water in the future. The plant was supported by $20 million in USDA Rural
Development loan funds and can treat six million gallons of water per day.

"We are very happy to be a partner with all the communities we serve as they
work hard to make investments that will impact many future generations," Menner
added. "We also enjoy working with communities on much smaller projects that
provide an outstanding opportunity for residents to work together and experience
success. Many times, this success leads to bigger community-improvement
initiatives."

This year USDA Rural Development awarded grants of $50,000 or less to 29
communities including the City of Blockton to help purchase a fire truck, the
City of Floris to assist with upgrades at their fire station and to Wayne County
Hospital to purchase a 3-D ultrasound machine and viewing station.

Since 2009, USDA Rural Development has invested nearly $3 billion in rural Iowa
on essential public facilities, small and emerging businesses, water and sewer
systems and housing opportunities for Iowa families.

Further information on programs available through USDA Rural Development is
available by calling (515) 284-4663 or by visiting the agency's web site at
www.rurdev.usda. gov/ia.

USDA Rural Development has 11 offices across the state to serve the 1.7 million
lowans living in rural communities and areas. Office locations include a State
Office in Des Moines, along with Area Offices in Albia, Atlantic, Humboldt,
Indianola, Iowa Falls, Le Mars, Mount Pleasant, Storm Lake, Tipton and Wa-verly.

President Obama's plan for rural America has brought about historic investment
and resulted in stronger rural communities. Under the President's leadership,
these investments in housing, community facilities, businesses and
infrastructure have empowered rural America to continue leading the way -
strengthening America's economy, small towns and rural communities. USDA's
investments in rural communities support the rural way of life that stands as
the backbone of our American values.

LOAD-DATE: October 21, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Economy

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: SXC

                      Copyright 2014 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                   Copyright 2014 Sioux County Index Reporter


                             101 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            March 25, 2015 Wednesday

FEDERAL REGISTER: Rural Business Development Grant

LENGTH: 9674  words

DATELINE: Washington


Office of the Federal Register has issued the following notice:

Rules and Regulations
                                                Federal Register
________________________________________________________________________

This section of the FEDERAL REGISTER contains regulatory documents
having general applicability and legal effect, most of which are keyed
to and codified in the Code of Federal Regulations, which is published
under 50 titles pursuant to 44 U.S.C. 1510.

The Code of Federal Regulations is sold by the Superintendent of Documents.
Prices of new books are listed in the first FEDERAL REGISTER issue of each
week.

========================================================================


Federal Register / Vol. 80, No. 57 / Wednesday, March 25, 2015 /
Rules and Regulations

[[Page 15665]]

DEPARTMENT OF AGRICULTURE

Rural Business-Cooperative Service

Rural Housing Service

Rural Utilities Service

Farm Service Agency

7 CFR Parts 1901 and 1942

Rural Business-Cooperative Service

Rural Utilities Service

7 CFR Parts 4280 and 4284

RIN 0570-AA92


Rural Business Development Grant

AGENCY: Rural Business-Cooperative Service, Rural Housing Service,
Rural Utilities Service and Farm Service Agency, the U.S. Department of
Agriculture.

ACTION: Interim final rule with request for comments.

-----------------------------------------------------------------------

SUMMARY: This Interim Final Rule is needed to ensure that the Agency
will have a regulation in place to meet the Congressional mandate
established in Congress in the Agricultural Act of 2014 (2014 Farm
Bill). This mandate requires the Agency to establish a new program
called the Rural Business Development Grant Program which combines the
former Rural Business Enterprise Grant and Rural Business Opportunity
Grant programs. The Agency has made no substantive changes to either
the Rural Business Enterprise Grant or Rural Business Opportunity Grant
programs when combining these regulations into the Rural Business
Development Grant program.
    Rural Development, Rural Business-Cooperative Service (RBS) is
establishing a new regulation for the Rural Business Development Grant
(RBDG) program. The program was established by the 2014 Farm Bill. The
RBDG Program will combine the Rural Business Enterprise Grant (RBEG)
and the Rural Business Opportunity Grant (RBOG) programs. There are no
substantive programmatic changes to RBEG and RBOG with this
consolidation.

DATES: This Interim Final Rule is effective March 25, 2015. Written
comments on this Interim Final Rule must be received on or before May
26, 2015.

ADDRESSES: You may submit comments on this Interim Final Rule by any of
the following methods:
     Federal eRulemaking Portal: http://www.regulations.gov.
Follow the instructions for submitting comments. You can find the rule
by searching the RIN number 0570-AA92.
     Mail: Submit written comments via the U.S. Postal Service
to the Branch Chief, Regulations and Paperwork Management Branch, U.S.
Department of Agriculture, 300 7th Street SW., 7th Floor, Washington,
DC 20024.
     Hand Delivery/Courier: Submit written comments via Federal
Express Mail or other courier service requiring a street address to the
Branch Chief, Regulations and Paperwork Management Branch, U.S.
Department of Agriculture, 300 7th Street SW., 7th Floor, Washington,
DC 20024.
    All written comments will be available for public inspection during
regular work hours at the 300 7th Street SW., 7th Floor address listed
above.

FOR FURTHER INFORMATION CONTACT: Melvin Padgett or Cindy Mason, Rural
Development, Business Programs, U.S. Department of Agriculture, 1400
Independence Avenue SW., Stop 3226, Washington, DC 20250; email:
Melvin.padgett@wdc.usda.gov or cindy.mason@wdc.usda.gov; at (202) 720-
1495 or (202) 690-1433, respectively.

SUPPLEMENTARY INFORMATION: Request for Comments: The Agency is
interested in receiving comments on all aspects of the Interim Final
Rule. All comments should be submitted as indicated in the ADDRESSES
section of this preamble. The Agency is seeking specific comments on
whether or not to utilize this RBDG regulation to continue to process
television demonstration grants and regional commission grants which
are currently in 7 CFR part 1942, subpart G. And, whether or not to
incorporate grants for expansion of employment opportunities for
individuals with disabilities and health care services which were
authorized in the 2008 Farm Bill. The Agency is interested in
considering all factors that affect the public. Please be sure to
include your rationale for your suggestions.
    Additionally, in 2007, Rural Development published a proposed rule
for RBEG, however, a final rule was never published. Rural Development
appreciates the comments that were submitted on the proposed rule, and
requests that reviewers resubmit comments on this consolidated rule if
they believe they are still valid.

Executive Order 12866, Classification

This rule has been determined to be not significant for purposes of
Executive Order 12866 and has not been reviewed by the Office of
Management and Budget (OMB).

Programs Affected

The Catalog of Federal Domestic Assistance Program number assigned
to the RBDG is 10.351.

Environmental Impact Statement

This document has been reviewed in accordance with 7 CFR part 1940,
subpart G, ``Environmental Program.'' Rural Development has determined
that this action does not constitute a major Federal action
significantly affecting the quality of the human environment and, in
accordance with the National Environmental Policy Act (NEPA) of 1969,
42 U.S.C. 4321 et seq., an Environmental Impact Statement is not
required.

Executive Order 12372, Intergovernmental Consultation

The program is subject to the provisions of Executive Order 12372,
which requires intergovernmental consultation with State and local
officials. Consultation will be completed at the time each grant is
made.

Executive Order 12988, Civil Justice

This rule has been reviewed under Executive Order 12988, Civil
Justice Reform. The Agency has determined that this rule meets the
applicable standards provided in section 3 of the Executive Order.
Additionally, (1) all State and local laws and regulations that

[[Page 15666]]

are in conflict with this rule will be preempted; (2) no retroactive
effect will be given to the rule; and (3) administrative appeal
procedures, if any, must be exhausted before litigation against the
Department or its agencies may be initiated, in accordance with the
regulations of the National Appeals Division of the U.S. Department of
Agriculture at 7 CFR part 11.

Executive Order 13132, Federalism

The policies contained in this rule do not have any substantial
direct effect on States, on the relationship between the National
Government and the States, or on the distribution of power and
responsibilities among the various levels of Government. Nor does this
rule impose substantial direct compliance costs on State and local
Governments. Therefore, consultation with States is not required.

Regulatory Flexibility Act Certification

Under section 605(b) of the Regulatory Flexibility Act, 5 U.S.C.
605(b), the Agency certifies that this rule will not have a significant
economic impact on a substantial number of small entities. The Agency
made this determination based on the fact that this regulation only
impacts those who choose to participate in the program. Small entity
applicants will not be impacted to a greater extent than large entity
applicants.

Unfunded Mandate Reform Act

This rule contains no Federal mandates (under the regulatory
provisions of Title II of the Unfunded Mandates Reform Act of 1995) for
State, local, and Tribal governments, or the private sector. Thus, this
rule is not subject to the requirements of sections 202 and 205 of the
Unfunded Mandates Reform Act of 1995.

Executive Order 13175, Consultation and Coordination With Indian Tribal
Governments

This executive order imposes requirements on Rural Development in
the development of regulatory policies that have Tribal implications or
preempt Tribal laws. As previously noted, the consolidation of the RBEG
and RBOG programs through the publication of this Interim Final Rule
will not institute any substantive programmatic changes. However, since
Congress has legislatively mandated funds to benefit federally
recognized Indian Tribes in both programs, in the past, implementation
of the RBDG program in future years may have substantial and direct
effects on one or more Indian Tribe(s).
    Consequently, the consolidation of the RBEG and RBOG programs under
the RBDG program was featured in two Tribal Consultation webinars
hosted by Rural Development in fiscal year (FY) 2014. On April 2, 2014,
Rural Development hosted a Tribal Consultation webinar and
teleconference that summarized significant changes to its programs
mandated by the 2014 Farm Bill. During the webinar, in addition to
summarizing the Farm Bill changes, Rural Development listed five Farm
Bill provisions that would likely require further consultation--
including the RBDG program. No objections were raised by participants
to alter that assumption.
    On August 25, 2014, Rural Development hosted a Tribal Consultation
webinar and teleconference that covered the implementation of the RBDG
program and the Strategic Economic and Community Development (Section
6025) provision in great depth. Again, no objections were raised by
participants to alter the course of implementation for either the RBDG
program or Section 6025.
    For further information regarding Rural Development's past Tribal
Consultation events or Rural Development's Tribal Consultation process,
please contact Rural Development's Native American Coordinator at (720)
544-2911 or AIAN@wdc.usda.gov

Paperwork Reduction Act

In accordance with the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995, this
document announces the intention of RBS to request information
collection in support of the RBDG program (7 CFR part 4280, subpart E).
No new requirements have been added, but it is the intent of the Agency
to combine the two current Paperwork Reduction Act packages into one.
Until this paperwork burden is approved, the Agency will utilize the
current RBEG and RBOG paperwork burdens. These burdens are approved
under 0570-0022 and 0570-0024 respectively.
    Estimate of Burden: Public reporting burden for this collection of
information is estimated to average 3.0 hours per response.
    Respondents: Nonprofit corporations and public bodies.
    Estimated Number of Respondents: 920.
    Estimated Number of Responses per Respondent: 22.
    Estimated Number of Responses: 20,517.
    Estimated Total Annual Burden on Respondents: 64,773.
    Comments on this document must be received by May 26, 2015 to be
assured of consideration.

E-Government Act Compliance

Rural Development is committed to complying with the E-Government
Act, to promote the use of the internet and other information
technologies, to provide increased opportunities for citizens to access
Government information and services electronically.

Good Cause

Rural Development is publishing this rule as an interim final rule
for good cause in that:
    Rural Development anticipates going forward that Congress will only
be providing appropriations for RBDG and not for the RBOG and RBEG
programs;
    Since the RBEG and RBOG programs are being merged without
substantive changes, the public will not be unfamiliar with the new
RBDG provisions; and
    Making the RBDG rule an interim final rule will assure the
continuity of benefits historically provided under the RBOG and RBEG
programs.
    Additionally, notice and comment are not required because of the
Administrative Procedures Act exceptions for loans and grants at 5
U.S.C. 553(a)(2).

I. Background

Rural Development is charged with assisting, among other entities,
the startup, expansion, and the continuation of small and emerging
businesses and/or non-profits in rural communities. Rural Development
supports this portion of the overall mission through two grant
programs, the RBEG and RBOG programs.
    Rural Development makes RBEGs to public bodies and non-profit
corporations so that they may assist small and emerging businesses and/
or non-profits in their communities to create and support jobs. RBEG
funds may be used to: Acquire or develop land, buildings, plants,
equipment; access streets and roads, parking areas, utility extensions,
necessary water and supply and waste disposal facilities; provide
technical assistance; establish revolving loan funds; and to create,
expand, or operate rural distance learning programs that provide
educational or job training instruction related to potential employment
or job advancement to adult students.
    RBOG funds are made to public bodies and non-profit corporations to
assist businesses and/or non-profits in

[[Page 15667]]

their communities. RBOG funds may be used to assist in the economic
development of rural areas by providing technical assistance, training,
and planning for business and economic development.
    In February 2014 the United States Congress passed the 2014 Farm
Bill. This law combined the RBEG and RBOG programs into one grant
program, the RBDG program. The Congressional Record emphasizes that the
two programs should continue to operate in essentially the same manner
as they operated when they were separate grant programs. Thus, Rural
Development is publishing this Interim Final Rule to meet the statutory
requirements of the 2014 Farm Bill.
    Grants made before the implementation of the RBDG program will
continue to be governed by the terms of the applicable RBOG and RBEG
regulations in effect at the time the grants were made together with
any other applicable agreements.

II. Discussion of Changes

The Agency is publishing this Interim Final Rule to meet the
statutory requirements of the 2014 Farm Bill including revising the
definition of rural and rural areas to conform to the Consolidated Farm
and Rural Development Act definition. The 2014 Farm Bill consolidated
the RBEG and RBOG programs into one grant program while allowing both
programs to operate essentially as they have in the past. The Agency is
soliciting comments to this new regulation and will consider all
comments received prior to publishing a Final Rule. Publishing this
Interim Final Rule will permit the Agency to provide continuous service
to rural small and emerging businesses, non-profit corporations, and
local public bodies, while requesting input from the public on their
views of this grant program.
    The Agency combined 7 CFR part 1942, subpart G and 7 CFR part 4284,
subpart G into the RBDG rule at 7 CFR part 4280, subpart E. Rural
Development has also integrated applicable general provisions of 7 CFR
part 4284, subpart A into the RBDG rule. Essentially, the Agency did
not change any of the requirements of either program but blended the
two regulations into one and eliminated duplicative portions so that
there is only one set of requirements. The Agency also combined
definitions so that the public has one definition for both programs as
well as blended the scoring requirements of both former regulations.
Finally, the Agency blended the application processes into one
streamlined set of procedures under the RBDG funding, incorporating the
statutory language of the 2014 Farm Bill (7 U.S.C. 1932(c)) specifying
how the funding would be split.
    The U.S. Department of Agriculture and the Agency is adopting the
new the U.S. Department of Agriculture grant regulation at 2 CFR
chapter IV for monitoring and servicing RBDG funding. If this rule is
published prior to new the U.S. Department of Agriculture grant
regulations being published and effective, the Agency will comply with
all applicable parts of 2 CFR chapter IV and chapter XXX including 7
CFR parts 3015, 3016, 3019, and 3052.

List of Subjects

7 CFR Part 1901

Civil rights, Compliance reviews, Fair housing, and Minority
groups.

7 CFR Part 1942

Business and Industry, Grant programs--Housing and Community
development, Industrial park, and Rural areas.

7 CFR Part 4280

Business and Industry, Economic Development, Grant programs,
Community development, Industrial Sites, and Rural Areas.

7 CFR Part 4284

Business and Industry, Economic Development, Grant programs--
Housing and Community development, and Rural Areas.

For the reasons set forth in the preamble, chapters XVIII and XLII,
title 7, of the Code of Federal Regulations are being amended as
follows:

CHAPTER XVIII--RURAL HOUSING SERVICE, RURAL BUSINESS-COOPERATIVE
SERVICE, RURAL UTILITIES SERVICE, AND FARM SERVICE AGENCY, DEPARTMENT
OF AGRICULTURE

PART 1901--PROGRAM-RELATED INSTRUCTIONS

0
1. The authority citation for part 1901 is revised to read as follows:

Authority: 5 U.S.C. 301; 7 U.S.C. 1989; 40 U.S.C. 442; 42 U.S.C.
1480, 2942.

Subpart E--Civil Rights Compliance Requirements

0
2. Amend Sec.  1901.204 by revising paragraph (a)(16) to read as
follows:


Sec.  1901.204  Compliance reviews.

(a) * * *
    (16) Rural Business Development Grants.
* * * * *

PART 1942--ASSOCIATIONS

0
3. The authority citation for part 1942 continues to read as follows:

Authority: 5 U.S.C. 301; 7 U.S.C. 1989.

Subpart G--[Removed and Reserved]

0
4. Remove and reserve subpart G, consisting of Sec. Sec.  1942.301
through 1942.350 and Guides 1 and 2 to subpart G.

CHAPTER XLII--RURAL BUSINESS-COOPERATIVE SERVICE AND RURAL UTILITIES
SERVICE, DEPARTMENT OF AGRIGULTURE

PART 4280--LOANS AND GRANTS

0
5. The authority citation for part 4280 is revised to read as follows:

Authority: 5 U.S.C. 301: 7 U.S.C. 940c and 7 U.S.C. 1932(c).


0
6. Add subpart E to read as follows:

Subpart E--Rural Business Development Grants

General

Sec.
4280.401 Purpose.
4280.402 [Reserved]
4280.403 Definitions.
4280.404 Exception authority.
4280.405 Review or appeal rights.
4280.406 Conflict of interest.
4280.407 Statute and regulation references.
4280.408 U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA) departmental
regulations and laws that contain other compliance requirements.
4280.409 [Reserved]
4280.410 Other laws and regulations that contain compliance
requirements for this program.
4280.411 Forms, guides, and attachments.
4280.412-4280.414 [Reserved]

Rural Business Development Grants

4280.415 Rural Business Development Grants.

Eligibility

4280.416 Applicant eligibility.
4280.417 Project eligibility.
4280.418-4280.420 [Reserved]

Funding Provisions

4280.421 Term requirement.
4280.422 Joint funding.
4280.423 Ineligible uses of grant funds.
4280.424-4280.426 [Reserved]

Applying for a Grant

4280.427 Application.
4280.428-4280.429 [Reserved]
4280.430 Notification of decision.
4280.431-4280.433 [Reserved]

[[Page 15668]]

Processing and Scoring Application

4280.434 General processing and scoring provisions.
4280.435 Scoring criteria.
4280.436-4280.438 [Reserved]

Grant Awards and Agreements

4280.439 Grant awards and agreements.
4280.440-4280.442 [Reserved]

Post Award Activities and Requirements

4280.443 Grant monitoring and servicing.
4280.444-4280.447 [Reserved]
4280.448 Transfers and assumptions.
4280.449-4280.499 [Reserved]
4280.500 OMB control number.

General

Sec.  4280.401  Purpose.

This subpart implements the RBDG program administered by the
Agency. Grants made under this subpart will be made to eligible
entities for use in funding various business opportunity and business
enterprise Projects that serve Rural Areas.


Sec.  4280.402  [Reserved]


Sec.  4280.403  Definitions.

Administrator. The Administrator of RBS or designees or successors.
    Agency. Rural Business-Cooperative Service (RBS) or successor.
    Agriculture Production. The cultivation, production, growing,
raising, feeding, housing, breeding, hatching, or managing of crops,
plants, animals or birds, either for fiber, food for human consumption,
or livestock feed.
    Arm's-length Transaction. The sale, release, or disposition of
assets in which the title to the property passes to a ready, willing,
and able disinterested third party that is not affiliated with or
related to and has no security, monetary, or stockholder interest in
the grantee or transferor at the time of the transaction.
    Business Support Centers. Centers established to provide assistance
to businesses in such areas as counseling, business planning, training,
management assistance, marketing information, and locating financing
for business operations. The centers need not be located in a Rural
Area, but must provide assistance to businesses located in Rural Areas.
    Departmental Grant Regulations. The USDA grant regulations at 2 CFR
chapter IV.
    Economic Development. The industrial, business and financial
augmentation of an area as evidenced by increases in total income,
employment opportunities, value of production, duration of employment,
or diversification of industry, reduced outmigration, higher labor
force participation rates or wage levels or gains in other measurements
of economic activity, such as land values.
    Indian Tribe (Tribal). Indian Tribes on Federal and State
reservations and other federally recognized Indian Tribal groups.
    Industrial Site. The development of undeveloped real estate for
uses which will assist Small and Emerging Businesses.
    Long-term. The period of time covered by the three most recent
decennial censuses of the United States to the present.
    Nonprofit. An entity chartered as a nonprofit organization under
applicable State or Tribal law.
    Other Business Development. Any business related activity that will
assist Small and Emerging Businesses and may include but is not limited
to business incubators, business training centers, and other training
activity which leads directly to Small and Emerging Business
development.
    Planning. A process to coordinate Economic Development activities,
develop guides for action, or otherwise assist local community leaders
in the Economic Development of Rural Areas.
    Priority Communities. Communities targeted for Agency assistance as
determined by the U.S. Department of Agriculture Under Secretary for
Rural Development that are experiencing trauma due to natural disasters
or are undertaking or completing fundamental structural changes, have
remained persistently poor, or have experienced Long-Term population
decline or job deterioration.
    Project. The result of the use of grant funds provided under this
subpart through Technical Assistance or Planning relating to the
Economic Development of a Rural Area; or the result of the use of
program funds (i.e., a facility whether constructed by the applicant or
a third party made with grant funds, Technical Assistance, startup
operating costs, or working capital). A revolving fund established in
whole or in part with grant funds will also be considered a Project.
    Public Bodies/Government Entity. Public Bodies include States,
counties, cities, townships, and incorporated towns and villages,
boroughs, authorities, districts, and education institutions organized
under State and Federal laws, and Indian Tribes.
    Rural and Rural Area. As described in 7 U.S.C. 1991(a)(13)(A) and
(D) et seq.
    Small and Emerging Business. Any private and/or Nonprofit business
which will employ 50 or fewer new employees and has less than $1
million in gross revenue; for retail operations, total sales minus cost
of goods sold minus returns or for a service organizations, gross
revenue minus cost of providing service or for a manufacturing
operation it will be total sales minus cost of raw materials minus the
cost of production.
    State. Any of the 50 States, the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico, the
U.S. Virgin Islands, Guam, American Samoa, the Commonwealth of the
Northern Mariana Islands, the Republic of Palau, the Federated States
of Micronesia, and the Republic of the Marshall Islands.
    Technical Assistance. A function performed for the benefit of a
private business enterprise or a community and which is a problem
solving activity, such as market research, product and/or service
improvement, feasibility study, etc., to assist in the Economic
Development of a Rural Area.


Sec.  4280.404  Exception authority.

The Administrator may make an exception, on a case-by-case basis,
to any requirement or provision of this subpart that is not
inconsistent with any authorizing statute or applicable law if the
Administrator determines that application of the requirement or
provision would adversely affect the Government's financial interest.


Sec.  4280.405  Review or appeal rights.

A person may seek a review of an Agency decision under this subpart
from the appropriate Agency official that oversees the program in
question or appeal to the National Appeals Division in accordance with
7 CFR part 11.


Sec.  4280.406  Conflict of interest.

(a) General. No conflict of interest or appearance of conflict of
interest will be allowed. For purposes of this subpart, Conflict of
Interest includes, but is not limited to, distribution or payment of
grant, guaranteed loan funds, and matching funds or award of Project
construction contracts to an individual owner, partner, or stockholder,
or to a beneficiary or immediate family of the applicant or grantee
when the recipient will retain any portion of ownership in the
applicant's or grantee's Project. Grant and matching funds may not be
used to support costs for services or goods going to, or coming from, a
person or entity with a real or apparent conflict of interest. All
transactions must be Arm's-length Transactions.
    (b) Assistance to employees, relatives, and associates. The Agency
will process any requests for assistance under this subpart in
accordance with 7 CFR part 1900, subpart D.

[[Page 15669]]

(c) Member/delegate clause. No member of or delegate to Congress
shall receive any share or part of this grant or any benefit that may
arise therefrom; but this provision shall not be construed to bar, as a
contractor under the grant, a publicly held corporation whose ownership
might include a member of Congress so long as the member's ownership is
less than 10 percent.


Sec.  4280.407  Statute and regulation references.

All references to statutes and regulations are to include any and
all successor statutes and regulations.


Sec.  4280.408  U.S. Department of Agriculture departmental regulations
and laws that contain other compliance requirements.

(a) Departmental regulations. All funded under this subpart are
subject to the provisions of the Departmental Regulations, as
applicable, which are incorporated by reference herein.
    (b) Equal opportunity and nondiscrimination. The Agency will ensure
that equal opportunity and nondiscrimination requirements are met in
accordance with the Equal Credit Opportunity Act, 15 U.S.C. 1691 et
seq. and 7 CFR part 15d, ``Nondiscrimination in Programs and Activities
Conducted by the United State Department of Agriculture.'' The Agency
will not discriminate against applicants on the basis of race, color,
religion, national origin, sex, marital status, or age (provided that
the applicant has the capacity to contract); because all or part of the
applicant's income derives from any public assistance program; or
because the applicant has in good faith exercised any right under the
Consumer Credit Protection Act, 15 U.S.C. 1601 et seq.
    (c) Civil rights compliance. Recipients of grants must comply with
the Americans with Disabilities Act of 1990, 42 U.S.C. 12101 et seq.,
Title VI of the Civil Rights Act of 1964, 42 U.S.C. 2000d et seq., and
section 504 of the Rehabilitation Act of 1973, 29 U.S.C. 794. This may
include collection and maintenance of data on the race, sex, and
national origin of the recipient's membership/ownership and employees.
The data must be available to conduct compliance reviews.
    (1) Initial compliance reviews will be conducted by the Agency
prior to funds being obligated.
    (2) Grants will require one subsequent compliance review following
Project completion. This will occur prior to the last disbursement of
grant funds.
    (d) Environmental requirements. 7 CFR part 1940, subpart G or
successor regulation applies to this subpart. Prospective applicants
are advised to contact the Agency to determine environmental
requirements as soon as practicable after they decide to pursue any
form of financial assistance directly or indirectly available through
the Agency.
    (1) Any required environmental review must be completed by the
Agency prior to the Agency obligating any funds.
    (2) The applicant will be notified of all specific compliance
requirements, including, but not limited to, the publication of public
notices, and consultation with State Historic Preservation Offices (or
Tribal Historic Preservation Offices where appropriate) and the U.S.
Fish and Wildlife Service.
    (3) A site visit by the Agency may be scheduled, if necessary, to
determine the scope of the review.
    (4) Applications for Technical Assistance or Planning Projects are
generally excluded from the environmental review process by Sec.
1940.333 of this title provided the assistance is not related to the
development of a specific site. However, as further specified in 7 CFR
1940.330, the grantee for a Technical Assistance grant, in the process
of providing Technical Assistance, must consider the potential
environmental impacts of the recommendations provided to the recipient
of the Technical Assistance.
    (5) Applicants for grant funds must consider and document within
their plans the important environmental factors within the Planning
area and the potential environmental impacts of the plan on the
Planning area, as well as the alternative Planning strategies that were
reviewed.
    (6) Whenever an applicant files an application that includes a
direct construction Project and a plan, they must have a separate
environmental evaluation.
    (e) Discrimination complaints--(1) Who may file. Persons or a
specific class of persons believing they have been subjected to
discrimination prohibited by this section may file a complaint
personally, or by an authorized representative with USDA, Director,
Office of Adjudication, 1400 Independence Avenue SW., Washington, DC
20250.
    (2) Time for filing. A complaint must be filed no later than 180
days from the date of the alleged discrimination, unless the time for
filing is extended by the designated officials of USDA or the Agency.
    (f) Uniform Relocation and Real Property Acquisition Policies Act.
All Projects must comply with the requirements set forth in 7 CFR part
21.
    (g) Floodplains and wetlands. All Projects must comply with
Executive Order 11988 ``Floodplain Management'' and Executive Order
11990 ``Protection of Wetlands.'' The applicable regulations are
codified at 44 CFR parts 59 through 80.


Sec.  4280.409  [Reserved]


Sec.  4280.410  Other laws and regulations that contain compliance
requirements for this program.

(a) Equal employment opportunity. For all construction contracts
and grants in excess of $10,000, the contractor must comply with
Executive Order 11246, as amended by Executive Order 11375, and as
supplemented by applicable Department of Labor regulations (41 CFR part
60-1). The applicant is responsible for ensuring that the contractor
complies with these requirements.
    (b) Architectural barriers. All facilities financed with Zero-
Interest Loans that are open to the public or in which persons may be
employed or reside must be designed, constructed, or altered to be
readily accessible to and usable by disabled persons. Standards for
these facilities must comply with the Architectural Barriers Act of
1968, as amended, (42 U.S.C. 4151-4157).
    (c) Uniform relocation assistance. Relocations in connection with
these programs are subject to 49 CFR part 24 as referenced by 7 CFR
part 21 except that the provisions in title III of the Uniform Act do
not apply to these programs.
    (d) Drug-free workplace. Grants made under these programs are
subject to the requirements contained in 2 CFR chapter IV which
implements the Drug-Free Workplace Act. RBDG recipients will be
required to certify that it will establish and make a good faith effort
to maintain a drug-free workplace program.
    (e) Debarment and suspension. The requirements of 2 CFR chapter IV
are applicable to this program.
    (f) Intergovernmental review of Federal programs. These programs
are subject to the requirements of Executive Order 12372 and 2 CFR
chapter IV. Proposed Projects are subject to the State and local
government review process contained in 2 CFR chapter IV.
    (g) Restrictions on lobbying. The restrictions and requirements
imposed by 31 U.S.C. 1352, and 2 CFR chapter IV, are applicable to
these programs.
    (h) Earthquake hazards. These programs are subject to the seismic
requirements of the Earthquake Hazards Reduction Act of 1977 (42 U.S.C.
7701-7706).

[[Page 15670]]

(i) Affirmative fair housing. If applicable, the grantee will be
required to comply with the Affirmative Fair Housing Act (42 U.S.C.
3601-3631 and 24 CFR part 100).
    (j) Flood hazard insurance. The RBDG program is subject to the
National Flood Insurance Act of 1968 and the Flood Disaster Protection
Act of 1973, as amended by 42 U.S.C. 4001-4129 and 7 CFR part 1806,
subpart B.
    (k) Uniform administrative requirements, cost principles, and audit
requirements for Federal awards. The requirements of 2 CFR chapter IV,
or its successor regulations are applicable to this program.
    (l) Planning and performing construction and other development. The
requirements of 7 CFR part 1924, subpart A, or its successor
regulations, are applicable to this program.
    (m) Transparency Act. The requirements of 2 CFR part 170 are
applicable to this program.


Sec.  4280.411  Forms, guides, and attachments.

All forms, guides, and attachments referenced in this subpart are
available online at: http://forms.sc.egov.usda.gov/eForms/ or in any
Rural Development State office.


Sec. Sec.  4280.412-4280.414  [Reserved]

Rural Business Development Grants


Sec.  4280.415  Rural Business Development Grants.

Sections 4280.416 through 4280.439 identify the provisions that the
Agency will use for making awards for Rural Business Development
Grants.

Eligibility


Sec.  4280.416  Applicant eligibility.

To receive an RBDG under this subpart, an applicant must meet the
requirements specified in paragraphs (a) through (e) of this section.
If an award is made to an applicant, that applicant (grantee) must
continue to meet the requirements specified in this section. If the
grantee does not, then grant funds may be recovered from the grantee by
the Agency in accordance with Departmental Regulations.
    (a) Type of applicant. The Applicant must be one of the following:
    (1) A Public Body/Government Entity;
    (2) An Indian Tribe; or
    (3) A Nonprofit entity.
    (b) Financial strength and expertise. The Applicant must have
sufficient financial strength and expertise in activities proposed in
the application to ensure accomplishment of the described activities
and objectives.
    (1) Financial strength will be analyzed by the Agency based on
financial data provided in the application. The analysis will consider
the applicant's tangible net worth, which must be positive, and whether
the applicant has dependable sources of revenue or a successful history
of raising revenue sufficient to meet cash requirements.
    (2) Expertise will be analyzed by the Agency based on the applicant
staff's training and experience in activities similar to those proposed
in the application and, if consultants will be used, on the staff's
experience in choosing and supervising consultants.
    (c) Universal identifier and system for awards management. Unless
exempt under 2 CFR 25.110, the Applicant must:
    (1) Be registered in the System for Awards Management (SAM) prior
to submitting an application;
    (2) Maintain an active SAM registration with current information at
all times during which it has an active Federal award or an application
under consideration by the Agency; and
    (3) Provide its Dun and Bradstreet Data Universal Numbering System
(DUNS) number in each application it submits to the Agency. Generally,
the DUNS number is included on Standard Form (SF) 424, ``Application
for Federal Assistance.''
    (d) Delinquent debt. The applicant must not have any delinquent
debt to the Federal Government. If an applicant has any delinquent debt
to the Federal Government, the applicant will be ineligible to receive
any funds obligated under this subpart until the debt has been paid.
    (e) Legal authority and responsibility. Each Applicant must have
the legal authority necessary to apply for and carry out the purpose of
the grant.


Sec.  4280.417  Project eligibility.

For a Project to be eligible for funding under this subpart, the
proposed Project must meet each of the requirements specified in
paragraphs (a) through (e) of this section.
    (a) Types of projects. Grant funds may be used for Projects
identified in either paragraph (a)(1) of this section, business
opportunity type grants, or paragraph (a)(2) of this section, business
enterprise type grants. Unless otherwise announced in a Notice of
Solicitation of Applications, the Agency will set aside 10 percent of
its RBDG appropriation for business opportunity type grants. The Agency
reserves the right to reallocate funds set aside for business
opportunity type grants to business enterprise type grants if it
becomes apparent to the Agency that there is insufficient demand for
the funds set aside for the business opportunity type grants.
    (1) Business opportunity Projects. Grant funds may be used for
business opportunity Projects that include one or more of the following
activities:
    (i) Identify and analyze business opportunities that will use local
rural materials or human resources. This includes opportunities in
export markets, as well as feasibility and business plan studies;
    (ii) Identify, train, and provide Technical Assistance to existing
or prospective rural entrepreneurs and managers;
    (iii) Establish Business Support Centers and otherwise assist in
the creation of new Rural businesses;
    (iv) Conduct local community or multi-county Economic Development
Planning;
    (v) Conduct leadership development training of existing or
prospective adult rural entrepreneurs and managers;
    (vi) Establish centers for training, technology, and trade that
will provide training to Rural businesses in the utilization of
interactive communications technologies to develop international trade
opportunities and markets; or
    (vii) Pay reasonable fees and charges for professional services
necessary to conduct the Technical Assistance, training, or planning
functions.
    (2) Business enterprise projects. Grant funds may be used to
finance and/or develop Small and Emerging Businesses in Rural Areas
including, but not limited to, the following activities:
    (i) Acquisition and development of land, easements and rights-of-
way;
    (ii) Construction, conversion, enlargement, repairs or
modernization of buildings, plants, machinery, equipment, access
streets and roads, parking areas, utilities, and pollution control and
abatement facilities;
    (iii) Provision of loans for startup operating cost and working
capital;
    (iv) Reasonable fees and charges for professional services
necessary for the planning and development of the Project;
    (v) Establishment of a revolving loan fund to provide financial
assistance to third parties through a loan; and
    (vi) Establishment, expansion, and operation of Rural distance
learning networks or development of Rural learning programs that
provide educational instruction or job training instruction related to
potential employment or job advancements for adult students;
    (vii) Provision of Technical Assistance for Small and Emerging
Businesses, including but not limited to feasibility studies and
business plans; and/or

[[Page 15671]]

(viii) Provision of Technical Assistance and training to rural
communities for the purpose of improving passenger transportation
services or facilities.
    (b) Result of projects. (1) For business opportunity type grants,
the Project must have a reasonable prospect that the Project will
result in the Economic Development of a Rural Area.
    (2) For business enterprise type grants, the Project must have a
reasonable prospect that it will result in the development or financing
of Small and Emerging Businesses.
    (c) Basis for success or failure. Grants may be made only when the
application demonstrates a need for the Project and includes a basis
for determining the success or failure of the Project and individual
major elements of the Project and outlines procedures that will be
taken to assess the Project's impact at its conclusion.
    (d) Local and area-wide strategic plans. Business opportunity type
grants may be made only when the proposed Project is consistent with
any local and area-wide strategic plans for community and Economic
Development, coordinated with other Economic Development activities in
the Project area, and consistent with any Rural Development State
Strategic Plan.


Sec. Sec.  4280.418-4280.420   [Reserved]

Funding Provisions


Sec.  4280.421  Term requirement.

A grant may be considered for the amount needed to assist with the
completion of a proposed Project, provided that the Project can
reasonably be expected to be completed within 1 full year after it has
begun.


Sec.  4280.422  Joint funding.

To the extent permitted by law, Agency grant funds may be used
jointly and in proportion with funds furnished by the grantee or from
other sources including Agency loan funds.


Sec.  4280.423  Ineligible uses of grant funds.

Grant funds may not be used towards any of the uses identified in
paragraphs (a) through (n) of this section.
    (a) Duplicate current services or substitute support previously
provided. If the current service is inadequate, however, grant funds
may be used to expand the level of effort or services beyond what is
currently being provided.
    (b) Pay costs of preparing the application package for funding
under this program or any other program.
    (c) Pay costs for any expenses incurred prior to receipt of a full
application, except for those permitted under Departmental Regulations.
    (d) Fund political activities.
    (e) Pay for assistance to any private business enterprise which
does not create and/or support jobs in the United States.
    (f) Pay any judgment or debt owed to the United States.
    (g) Fund Agriculture Production either directly or through
horizontally integrated livestock operations except for commercial
nurseries, timber operations or limited Agricultural Production related
to Technical Assistance Projects. The following are not considered
Agriculture Production:
    (1) Aquaculture, including conservation, development, and
utilization of water for aquaculture;
    (2) Commercial fishing;
    (3) Commercial nurseries engaged in the production of ornamental
plants and trees and other nursery products such as bulbs, flowers,
shrubbery, flower and vegetable seeds, sod, and the growing of plants
from seed to the transplant stage;
    (4) Forestry, which includes businesses primarily engaged in the
operation of timber tracts, tree farms, and forest nurseries and
related activities such as reforestation; or
    (5) The growing of mushrooms or hydroponics.
    (h) To finance comprehensive area-wide type Planning. This does not
preclude the use of grant funds for Planning for a given Project.
    (i) To make loans when the rates, terms, and charges for those
loans are not reasonable or would be for purposes not eligible under 7
CFR part 4274, subpart D.
    (j) For programs operated by cable television systems.
    (k) To fund a part of a Project that is dependent on other funding
unless there is a firm commitment of the other funding to ensure
completion of the Project.
    (l) To pay for Technical Assistance that duplicates assistance
provided to implement an action plan funded by the Forest Service (FS)
under the National Forest-Dependent Rural Communities Economic
Diversification Act for 5 continuous years from the date of grant
approval by the FS. To avoid duplicate assistance, the grantee shall
coordinate with FS and the Agency to ascertain if a grant has been made
in a substantially similar geographical or defined local area in a
State for Technical Assistance under the FS program. The grantee will
provide documentation to FS and the Agency regarding the contact with
each agency.
    (m) Pass through grants. Pass through grants are for, but not
limited to:
    (1) The purchase, refurbishing, or remodeling of real estate for
use as a business incubator without charging a fair market rental;
    (2) The purchase of equipment for use by an ultimate recipient
without charging a fair market rental; and
    (3) The making of a Revolving Loan Fund (RLF) loan without taking
appropriate security to reasonably assure repayment of the loan.
    (n) For a Project that would result in the transfer of existing
employment or business activity more than 25 miles from its existing
location.


Sec. Sec.  4280.424-4280.426  [Reserved]

Applying for a Grant


Sec.  4280.427  Application.

Applications for an RBDG grant as specified in Sec.  4280.417(a)(1)
and (2) must contain the following:
    (a) An original and one copy of SF 424, ``Application For Federal
Assistance (For Non-construction);''
    (b) Copies of applicant's organizational documents showing the
applicant's legal existence and authority to perform the activities
under the grant;
    (c) A proposed scope of work, including a description of the
proposed Project, e.g., RLF, Technical Assistance, Industrial Site,
Business Opportunity and Other Business Development, details of the
proposed activities to be accomplished and timeframes for completion of
each task, the number of months duration of the Project, and the
estimated time it will take from grant approval to beginning of Project
implementation;
    (d) A written narrative that includes, at a minimum, the following
items:
    (1) An explanation of why the Project is needed, the benefits of
the proposed Project, and how the Project meets the grant eligible
purposes;
    (2) Area to be served, identifying each governmental unit, i.e.
town, county, etc., to be affected by the Project;
    (3) Description of how the Project will coordinate Economic
Development activities with other Economic Development activities
within the Project area;
    (4) Business to be assisted, if appropriate, and Economic
Development to be accomplished;
    (5) An explanation of how the proposed Project will result in newly
created, increased, or supported jobs in the area and the number of
projected new and supported jobs within the next 3 years;
    (6) A description of the applicant's demonstrated capability and
experience in providing the proposed Project assistance or similar
Economic

[[Page 15672]]

Development activities, including experience of key staff members and
persons who will be providing the proposed Project activities and
managing the Project;
    (7) The method and rationale used to select the areas and
businesses that will receive the service;
    (8) A brief description of how the work will be performed including
whether organizational staff or consultants or contractors will be
used; and
    (9) Other information the Agency may request to assist it in making
a grant award determination;
    (e) The latest 3 years of financial information to show the
applicant's financial capacity to carry out the proposed work. If the
applicant is less than 3 years old, at a minimum, the information
should include all balance sheet(s), income statement(s) and cash flow
statement(s). A current audited report is required if available;
    (f) Intergovernmental review comments from the State Single Point
of Contact, or evidence that the State has elected not to review the
program under Executive Order 12372;
    (g) Documentation regarding the availability and amount of other
funds to be used in conjunction with the funds from the RBDG;
    (h) A budget which includes salaries, fringe benefits, consultant
costs, indirect costs, and other appropriate direct costs for the
Project; and
    (i) RBDG construction Project grants must conform with 7 CFR part
1924, subpart A requirements.


Sec. Sec.  4280.428-4280.429   [Reserved]


Sec.  4280.430  Notification of decision.

When the Agency has determined that an application is not eligible
or that no further action will be taken, the Agency will notify the
applicant in writing of the reasons why the application was not
favorably considered and provide any appeal rights.


Sec. Sec.  4280.431-4280.433  [Reserved]

Processing and Scoring Applications


Sec.  4280.434  General processing and scoring provisions.

The Agency will review each application for assistance in
accordance with the priorities established in Sec.  4280.435. The
Agency will assign each application a priority rating and will select
applications for funding based on the priority ratings and the total
funds available to the program.
    (a) Applications. The Agency will score each application based on
the information contained in the application and its supporting
information. All applications submitted for funding must contain
sufficient information to permit the Agency to complete a thorough
priority rating.
    (b) Unfunded applications. The Agency will notify eligible
applicants if funds are not available. If an applicant wishes to have
their application maintained in an active file for future
consideration, the applicant must revise and update their application
in writing for the Agency to reconsider in a future funding cycle.


Sec.  4280.435  Scoring criteria.

The Agency will use the criteria in this section to score
applications for purposes identified under Sec.  4280.417(a)(1)and (2).
    (a) Leveraging. If the grant will fund a critical element of a
larger program of Economic Development, without which the overall
program either could not proceed or would be far less effective, or if
the program to be assisted by the grant will also be partially funded
from other sources, points will be awarded as follows. If points are
awarded for leveraging, funds must be spent proportionally, and if
leveraged funds are not utilized proportionately with the grant, the
Agency reserves the right to take any legal action, including
terminating the grant.
    (1) If Rural Development's portion of Project funding is:
    (i) Less than 20 percent--30 points;
    (ii) 20 but less than 50 percent--20 points;
    (iii) 50 but less than 75 percent--10 points; or
    (iv) 75 percent or more--0 points.
    (2) [Reserved]
    (b) Points will be awarded for each of the following criteria met
by the community or communities that will receive the benefit of the
grant. However, regardless of the mathematical total of points
indicated by paragraphs (b)(1) through (4) of this section, total
points awarded under this paragraph (b) must not exceed 40.
    (1) Trauma. Experiencing trauma due to a major natural disaster
that occurred not more than 3 years prior to the filing of the
application for assistance--15 points;
    (2) Economic distress. The community has suffered a loss of 20
percent or more in their total jobs caused by the closure of a military
facility or other employers within the last 3 years--15 points;
    (3) Long-term poverty. Has experienced Long-Term poverty as
demonstrated by being a former Rural empowerment zone, Rural economic
area partnership zone, Rural enterprise community, champion community,
or a persistent poverty county as determined by USDA's Economic
Research Serviced--10 points;
    (4) Population decline. Has experienced Long-Term population
decline--10 points as demonstrated by the latest three decennial
censuses.
    (c) Population. Proposed Project(s) will be located in a community
of:
    (1) Under 5,000 population--15 points;
    (2) Between 5,000 and less than 15,000 population--10 points; or
    (3) Between 15,000 and 25,000 population--5 points.
    (d) Unemployment. Proposed Project(s) will be located in areas
where the unemployment rate:
    (1) exceeds the State rate by 25 percent or more--20 points;
    (2) exceeds the State rate by less than 25 percent--10 points; or
    (3) is equal to or less than the State rate--0 points.
    (e) Median household income. Proposed Project(s) will be located in
areas where Median Household Income (MHI) as prescribed by section
673(2) of the Community Services Block Grant Act for a family of 4 for
the State is:
    (1) Less than poverty line--25 points;
    (2) More than poverty line but less than 65 percent of State MHI--
15 points;
    (3) Between 65 and 85 percent of State MHI--10 points; or
    (4) Greater than 85 percent State MHI--0 points.
    (f) Experience. Applicant has evidence of successful experience in
the type of activity. Evidence of successful experience may be a
description of experience supplied and certified by the applicant based
upon its current employees' resumes:
    (1) 10 or more years-30 points;
    (2) At least 5 but less than 10 years-20 points;
    (3) At least 3 but less than 5 years-10 points; or
    (4) At least 1 but less than 3 years-5 points.
    (g) Small business start-up or expansion. Applicant has evidence
that small business development will be supported by startup or
expansion as a result of the activities to be carried out under the
grant. Written evidence of commitment by a small, or a Small and
Emerging Business must be provided to the Agency, and should include
the number of jobs that will be supported and created. 5 points for
each letter up to 25 points.
    (h) Jobs created or supported. The anticipated development,
expansion, or furtherance of business enterprises as a result of the
proposed Project will create and/or support existing jobs associated

[[Page 15673]]

with the affected businesses. The number of jobs must be evidenced by a
written commitment from the business to be assisted.
    (1) One job for less than $5,000--25 points;
    (2) one job for $5,000 but less than $10,000--20 points;
    (3) one job for $10,000 but less than $15,000--15 points;
    (4) one job for $15,000 but less than $20,000--10 points; or
    (5) one job for $20,000 but less than $25,000--5 points.
    (i) Size of grant request. Grant Projects utilizing funds available
under this subpart of:
    (1) less than $100,000--25 points;
    (2) $100,000 to $200,000--15 points; or
    (3) more than $200,000 but not more than $500,000--10 points.
    (j) Indirect cost. Applicant is not requesting grant funds to cover
their administrative or indirect costs-5 points.
    (k) Discretionary points. Either the State Director or
Administrator may assign up to 50 discretionary points to an
application. Assignment of discretionary points must include a written
justification. Permissible justifications are geographic distribution
of funds, special Secretary of Agriculture initiatives such as Priority
Communities, or a state's strategic goals. Discretionary points may
only be assigned to initial grants. However, in the case where two
Projects have the same score, the State Director may add one point to
the Project that best fits the State's strategic plan regardless of
whether the Project is an initial or subsequent grant.


Sec. Sec.  4280.436-4280.438  [Reserved]

Grant Awards and Agreement


Sec.  4280.439  Grant awards and agreements.

The Agency will award and administer RBDG grants in accordance with
applicable Departmental regulations, this subpart, and the unauthorized
grant provisions of 7 CFR part 1951, subpart O.
    (a) Letter of conditions. The Agency will provide each approved
applicant a letter of conditions, which sets out the conditions under
which the grant will be made, including, but not limited to, an Agency
grant agreement.
    (b) Applicant's intent to meet conditions. The applicant must
complete, sign and return a ``Letter of Intent to Meet Conditions,'' to
the Agency. If applicant identifies certain conditions that the
applicant cannot meet, the applicant may propose alternate conditions
to the Agency. The Agency must concur with any changes proposed by the
letter of conditions by the applicant before the any grant will be
made.


Sec. Sec.  4280.440-4280.442  [Reserved]

Post Award Activities and Requirements


Sec.  4280.443  Grant monitoring and servicing.

RBDG grants will be monitored and serviced in accordance with the
grant agreement, this subpart, and 2 CFR chapter IV.


Sec. Sec.  4280.444-4280.447  [Reserved]


Sec.  4280.448  Transfers and assumptions.

The Agency will approve transfer and assumption requests on grants
awarded under this subpart on a case by case basis, and then only to
eligible entities under Sec.  4280.416.


Sec. Sec.  4280.449-4280.499  [Reserved]


Sec.  4280.500  OMB control number.

The reporting and recordkeeping requirements contained in this
regulation have been approved by the Office of Management and Budget
(OMB) under the provisions of 44 U.S.C. chapter 35 and have been
assigned OMB control numbers 0570-0022 and 0570-0024 in accordance with
the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995. You are not required to respond to
this collection of information unless it displays a valid OMB control
number.

PART 4284--GRANTS

0
7. The authority citation for part 4284 continues to read as follows:

Authority:  5 U.S.C. 301 and 7 U.S.C. 1989.
    Subpart F also issued under 7 U.S.C 1932(e).
    Subpart G also issued under 7 U.S.C 1926(a)(11).
    Subpart J also issued under 7 U.S.C 1621 note.
    Subpart K also issued under 7 U.S.C. 1621 note.

Subpart G--[Removed and Reserved]

0
8. Subpart G, consisting of Sec. Sec.  4284.601 through 4284.700, is
removed and reserved.

Dated: March 6, 2015.
Lisa Mensah,
Under Secretary, Rural Development.
    Dated: March 3, 2015.
Michael Scuse,
Under Secretary, Farm and Foreign Agricultural Services.
[FR Doc. 2015-06489 Filed 3-24-15; 8:45 am]
 BILLING CODE 3410-XY-P

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: May 8, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             102 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                    Golden Valley News (Beach, North Dakota)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                               September 30, 2010

Grants may increase recycling, create jobs

BYLINE: Golden Valley News staff

LENGTH: 751  words


BISMARCK - USDA Rural Development State Director Jasper Schneider has announced
that five recipients were awarded grants totaling over $300, 000 through the
Rural Business Opportunity Grant program.

One of the grants is for Prairie West Development Foundation in Beach, which
will be study the idea of recycling paper from a 150-mile radius.

"The investments announced today will help assist rural communities as they
explore opportunities to gain greater economic strength and longevity, Schneider
said in a prepared statement. "These awards reflect the Obama administration's
support for rural communities collaborating to develop economic development
strategies to build robust regional economies."

"Prairie West applied for a feasibility study grant to see if our area -150 mile
radius - has enough raw material to collect newspapers/cardboard, use flax straw
as a binder and produce a new paper product to be determined by the study, said
Deb Walworth, executive director of Prairie West. "At this time, we are thinking
producing a craft paper to sell to manufacturers that produce cardboard boxes
would be good, but these are the things the study will help determine. We intend
to involve interns from Dickinson State University and NDSU, as well as senior
engineering students from NDSU in the study process."

The city of New England is looking into a glass recycling project.

"The New England project is sort of a 'sister project, '" said Walworth. "We are
all working together towards re-manufacturing collectible materials with the
idea we can create streams of raw material transportation between Beach and New
England for paper products and glass. And of course, (for) any other community
that would be interested."

Specifics about the grants include:

Roosevelt-Custer Regional Council, Dickinson: $78, 700 Rural Business
Opportunity Grant (RBOG). The grant will be used to develop a strategic plan to
address the influence and impact of energy development on communities and
economies in the Southwest Rural Economic Area Partnerships (REAP) Zone in
southwestern North Dakota. The total project cost is $106, 300 with other
funding provided by Roosevelt-Regional Council.

The RBOG program was established to support regional planning activities to
improve economic conditions in rural areas; applications are selected on a
nationwide competitive basis.

City of Rolette: $29, 500 RBOG. The grant will be used to fund a multi-use
analysis of the former nursing home/hospital building in Rolette to determine
the best economic development solution to utilize the empty building and create
jobs. The total project cost is $42, 000 with other funding sources including:
the city of Rolette, Rolette Job Authority and Rolette County Housing Authority.

Prairie West Development Foundation's RBOG is $74, 000. The ultimate goal is
creating primary sector employment. The total project cost is $99, 500 with
other funding provided by Prairie West Development Foundation and Dickinson
State University.

City of New England's RBOG is $73, 253. The grant will provide technical
assistance to conduct

research, a feasibility study, and develop a business plan for a proposed glass
recycling manufacturing business in New England. The ultimate goal of this
project is to create jobs while preserving the environment. The total project
cost will be $101, 993 with additional funding provided by Strom Center and the
Southwest REAP.

Bottineau Economic

Development Corporation: $66, 250 RBOG. The grant will be used to provide
technical assistance through feasibility studies for a child care center,
convention center, adult day care and adult assisted living facility. Funds will
also be used to offer business education classes to broaden economic
opportunities in the Bottineau area. The total project cost is $132, 500 with
the remaining funds provided by the Bottineau Economic Development

Corporation.

The RBOG program promotes sustainable economic development in rural communities
through training and technical assistance for business development,
entrepreneurs, and economic development officials and to assist with economic
development planning. Funds may be provided for development of export, markets;
feasibility studies; development of long term trade strategies; community
economic development planning; business training and business based technical
assistance for rural entrepreneurs and business managers; establishment of rural
business incubators; and assistance with technology based economic development.

LOAD-DATE: July 8, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Labor

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: GOV

                      Copyright 2010 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                       Copyright 2010 Golden Valley News


                             103 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          September 29, 2016 Thursday

Methodology and Formulas for Allocation of Loan and Grant Program Funds;
Correction

LENGTH: 501  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington, DC:  This Rule document was issued by the Rural Housing Service
(RHS)



  Action



 Correcting amendment.

 Summary



 This document contains a correction to 7 CFR part 1940, subpart L, "Methodology
and Formulas for Allocation of Loan and Grant Program Funds" to provide
reference to the Rural Business Development Program, which replaced the Rural
Business Enterprise Grant program and the Rural Business Opportunity Grant
program.



 Dates



 Effective on September 28, 2016.

 For Further Information Contact



 Kristi Kubista-Hovis, Rural Development, Business Programs, U.S. Department of
Agriculture, 1400 Independence Avenue SW., STOP 3226, Washington, DC 20250-3225;
telephone (202) 720-0424; email

 Supplementary Information

 Background



 The Agricultural Act of 2014 (2014 Farm Bill) directed the Agency to combine
the Rural Business Enterprise Grant (RBEG) program and the Rural Business
Opportunity Grant (RBOG) program into a single new program entitled the Rural
Business Development Grant (RBDG) program. The Agency issued an interim rule
with request for comment on March 25, 2015 (80 FR 15665) establishing the RBDG
program and removing the applicable provisions associated with the RBEG and RBOG
programs. In the interim rule, the Agency inadvertently did not update the title
to 7 CFR 1940.588 to reflect the replacement of the RBEG and RBOG programs with
the new RBDG program. To correct this oversight, the Agency is revising the
title to 7 CFR 1940.588. This correction has no substantive effect on how State
allocations are made for the RBDG program.

 Need for Correction



 As found in the Code of Federal Regulations, the title to 7 CFR 1940.588
contains reference to two programs (i.e., RBEG and RBOG) that no longer exist as
stand-alone programs and does not reference their replacement program (i.e., the
RBDG program). This technical change is necessary to claify how the Agency
allocates funds for the RBDG program and to remove reference to programs that no
longer exist.

 List of Subjects In



 Administrative practice and procedure, Agriculture, Allocations, Grant
programs--Housing and community development, Loan programs--Agriculture, Rural
areas.



 Accordingly, 7 CFR part 1940 is corrected by making the following correcting
amendment:

 Part 1940 General

 Regulatory Text



 1. The authority citation for part 1940 continues to read as follows:

 Authority:



 5 U.S.C. 301; 7 U.S.C. 1989; 42 U.S.C. 1480.



 2. Revise the heading for §&thinsp;1940.588 to read as follows:

 §&thinsp;1940.588 Business and Industry Guaranteed and Direct Loans, Rural
Business Development Grants, and Intermediary Relending Program.



 * * * * *

 Dated: September 9, 2016.

 Lisa Mensah,

 Under Secretary, Rural Development.

 Dated: September 16, 2016.

 Alexis M. Taylor,

 Deputy Under Secretary, Farm and Foreign Agricultural Services.

 [FR Doc. 2016-23228 Filed 9-27-16; 8:45 am]

 BILLING CODE 3410-XY-P



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: September 29, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             104 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             June 16, 2015 Tuesday

Arkansas: USDA Seeks Applications for Grants to Provide Development Support to
Rural Cooperatives

LENGTH: 493  words

DATELINE: Little Rock


Arkansas Agriculture Department has issued the following news release:

Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack today announced that USDA is accepting
applications for grants to help rural cooperatives develop new markets for their
products and services. USDA is making the grants available to non-profit
corporations and institutions of higher education through the Rural Cooperative
Development Grant (RCDG) program.

"Cooperative organizations are important catalysts for economic growth and job
creation in rural America," Vilsack said. "The lack of investment capital is
often the key factor holding many rural areas back from economic prosperity. The
investments that USDA is making available will help organizations start
cooperatives, expand existing ones, boost sales and marketing opportunities, and
help develop business opportunities in rural areas."

USDA's Rural Cooperative Development Grant program improves economic conditions
in rural areas by helping individuals and businesses start, expand or improve
the operations of rural cooperatives and other mutually-owned businesses through
cooperative development centers. Other eligible grant activities may include
conducting feasibility studies and creating business plans.

USDA is making up to $5.8 million in grants available in Fiscal Year 2015.
One-year grants up to $200,000 are available. In most cases, grants may be used
to pay for up to 75 percent of a project's total costs. Recipients are required
to match 25 percent of the award amount. The grants will be awarded prior to
September 30, 2015. The recipients will have one year to utilize the awarded
funds.

The application deadline is July 30, 2015. For additional information, see Page
34129 of the June 15, 2015 Federal Register or contact the USDA Rural
Development State Office.

Earlier Rural Cooperative Development Grant funding from USDA helped to reopen a
local Nebraska grocery store. The University of Nebraska-Lincoln's Cooperative
Development Center (NCDC) used funding from an RCDG grant to provide technical
assistance in forming a cooperative business that re-opened the only grocery
store in the small town of Elwood, Nebraska. Community members formed a
10-member steering committee and worked with NCDC on business and finance issues
and incorporation options as a cooperative. The cooperative was incorporated in
May 2012 as the Elwood Hometown Cooperative Market and opened in February 2013.
The Elwood Market keeps its vital place in the community thanks to support from
USDA.

President Obama's historic investments in rural America have made our rural
communities stronger. Under his leadership, these investments in housing,
community facilities, businesses and infrastructure have empowered rural America
to continue leading the way - strengthening America's economy, small towns and
rural communities.

#

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: June 16, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             105 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



               The Billings County Pioneer (Medora, North Dakota)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                               September 30, 2010

Grants may increase recycling

BYLINE: Richard Volesky

LENGTH: 752  words


BISMARCK - USDA Rural Development State Director Jasper Schneider has announced
that five recipients were awarded grants totaling over $300, 000 through the
Rural Business Opportunity Grant program.

One of the grants is for Prairie West Development Foundation in Beach, which
will be study the idea of recycling paper from a 150-mile radius.

"The investments announced today will help assist rural communities as they
explore opportunities to gain greater economic strength and longevity, "
Schneider said in a prepared statement. "These awards reflect the Obama
administration's support for rural communities collaborating to develop economic
development strategies to build robust regional economies."

"Prairie West applied for a feasibility study grant to see if our area -150 mile
radius - has enough raw material to collect newspapers/cardboard, use flax straw
as a binder and produce a new paper product to be determined by the study, "
said Deb Walworth, executive director of Prairie West. "At this time, we are
thinking producing a craft paper to sell to manufacturers that produce cardboard
boxes would be good, but these are the things the study will help determine. We
intend to involve interns from Dickinson State University and NDSU, as well as
senior engineering students from NDSU in the study process."

The city of New England is looking into a glass recycling project.

"The New England project is sort of a 'sister project, '" said Walworth. "We are
all working together towards re-manufacturing collectible materials with the
idea we can create streams of raw material transportation between Beach and New
England for paper products and glass. And of course, (for) any other community
that would be interested."

Specifics about the grants include:

Roosevelt-Custer Regional Council, Dickinson: $78, 700 Rural Business
Opportunity Grant (RBOG). The grant will be used to develop a strategic plan to
address the influence and impact of energy development on communities and
economies in the Southwest Rural Economic Area Partnerships (REAP) Zone in
southwestern North Dakota. The total project cost is $106, 300 with other
funding provided by Roosevelt-Regional Council.

The RBOG program was established to support regional planning activities to
improve economic conditions in rural areas; applications are selected on a
nationwide competitive basis.

City of Rolette: $29, 500 RBOG. The grant will be used to fund a multi-use
analysis of the former nursing home/hospital building in Rolette to determine
the best economic development solution to utilize the empty building and create
jobs. The total project cost is $42, 000 with other funding sources including:
the city of Rolette, Rolette Job Authority and Rolette County Housing Authority.

Prairie West Development Foundation's RBOG is $74, 000. The ultimate goal is
creating primary sector employment. The total project cost is $99, 500 with
other funding provided by Prairie West Development Foundation and Dickinson
State University.

City of New England's RBOG is $73, 253. The grant will provide technical
assistance to conduct research, a feasibility study, and develop a business plan
for a proposed glass recycling manufacturing business in New England. The
ultimate goal of this project is to create jobs while preserving the
environment. The total project cost will be $101, 993 with additional funding
provided by Strom Center and the Southwest REAP.

Bottirieau Economic Development Corporation: $66, 250 RBOG. The grant will be
used to provide technical assistance through feasibility studies for a child
care center, convention center, adult day care and adult assisted living
facility. Funds will also be used to offer business education classes to broaden
economic opportunities in the Bottineau area. The total project cost is $132,
500 with the remaining funds provided by the Bottineau Economic Development
Corporation.The RBOG program promotes sustainable economic development in rural
communities through training and technical assistance for business development,
entrepreneurs, and economic development officials and to assist with economic
development planning. Funds may be provided for development of export markets;
feasibility studies; development of long term trade strategies; community
economic development planning; business training and business based technical
assistance for rural entrepreneurs and business managers; establishment of rural
business incubators; and assistance with technology based economic development.

LOAD-DATE: June 21, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Local Government

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: BIL

                      Copyright 2010 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                   Copyright 2010 The Billings County Pioneer


                             106 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       The Daily Reporter (Milwaukee, WI)

                              May 19, 2006 Friday

USDA awards $880,000 in grants to help rural businesses

BYLINE: Joe Grundle

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 716  words


A northern Wisconsin organization with strong American Indian partnerships
received more than $880,000 in business and development grants from the U.S.
Department of Agriculture in Keshena on Wednesday.

USDA Rural Development awarded three grants to Northwoods NiiJii Enterprise
Community Inc., a Crandon-based organization whose partnerships include the
Menominee Indian Tribe of Wisconsin, the Lac du Flambeau Band of Lake Superior
Chippewa and the Sokaogon Chippewa Community of Mole Lake.

NNEC also partners with the counties of Vilas, Menominee and Forest, the
townships of Arbor Vitae, Woodruff, Minocqua, Boulder Junction, Lac du Flambeau,
Manitowish Waters and Nashville, and the city of Shawano.

"In rural communities, job retention is very important," said Frank Frassetto,
Wisconsin's state director of USDA Rural Development. "Areas of the north woods
that aren't around an economic engine like Eau Claire or Rhinelander have
difficulties generating business, not necessarily because of the business model
but because of what goes into making a business run - entrepreneurship, lending
issues and an educated and adequate work force. These grants will help NNEC put
in the necessary support structure for businesses, and they can take it from
there. "

The grants include a $389,000 rural business opportunity grant to provide
instructional and technical assistance to existing tribal personnel in the
administration and implementation of community benchmarks; a $300,000 rural
community development initiative grant for use in implementing training in
American Indian financial literacy, entrepreneurship and grant writing; and more
than $190,000 in enterprise community grants for use in technical assistance
programs, revolving loan programs and industrial improvements.

"Some of the exciting projects these grants will fund are a museum for the
Menominee, a forest products lab for the College of Menominee Nation, and water
distribution in Keshena and Neopit," said Patty O'Neill, executive director of
NNEC.

"In remote northern areas, there are always capacity issues in business, in
regards to the number of people as well as experience," said Frassetto. "These
grants will help build tribal capacity in terms of economic opportunities and
business expansion and retention to give businesses even more resources down the
road. "

Bigger plan

The grants support NNEC's 10-year initiative of developing more than 70
community projects as part of a $92 million federal, state and private sector
package designed to lead communities out of poverty and improve American Indian
quality of life.

"This go-around of grants seems more focused on the tribal entities, but
overall, all the communities involved with NNEC have benefited," said Frassetto.

NNEC is the only rural enterprise community in Wisconsin. Since its designation
in 1998, NNEC has matched each USDA Rural Development grant dollar with $81,
raised in the form of grants and loans from tribes and other partners in the
private sector.

As an officially designated "enterprise community," NNEC will receive nearly
$2.5 million in federal funding over a 10-year period, including the $300,000
USDA grant issued Wednesday.

"These grants started back in 1998 as a way of dealing with the persistent
poverty and social maladies of some of the state's northern communities and have
worked very well in building education, business and sustainable development,"
Frassetto said.

"Take a look at the Lac du Flambeau area, and you will see a number of
structures NNEC has tapped into to provide services, such as a day care center,
senior center, multifamily housing units and a tribal office, as well as quality
water, sewer and road infrastructure. They also have generated a single-family
housing program that provides the economic base for people to own and support
their own homes. "

Frassetto praised NNEC for taking conceived projects and making them happen,
while O'Neill pointed out the proof is in the numbers.

"Our mission is to alleviate poverty among these three tribes, which are three
of the poorest in the country," said O'Neill. "From the 1990 census to the one
in 2000, one in four people under the poverty line in these tribes has jumped to
middle class, and I think the improvement is going to be even greater in the
2010 census. "

LOAD-DATE: May 19, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Government activity

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2006 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved


                             107 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             August 6, 2013 Tuesday

Utah: Rural Economic Development Loan and Grant Program (REDLG)

LENGTH: 305  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Sponsor  USDA Rural Development
Deadlines  Applications accepted on an ongoing basis
Contact

A list of Rural Development State Office contacts is identified in the Federal
Register notice.
Purpose

The Rural Economic Development Loan and Grant Program (REDLG) is designed to
promote rural economic development and job creation projects. Assistance
provided to rural areas may include business startup costs, business expansion,
business incubators, technical assistance feasibility studies, advanced
telecommunications services and computer networks for medical, educational, and
job training services and community facilities projects for economic
development.

REDLG provides funding to rural projects through local utility organizations.
Under the REDLoan program, USDA provides zero interest loans to local utilities
which they, in turn, pass through to local businesses (ultimate recipients) for
projects that will create and retain employment in rural areas. The ultimate
recipients repay the lending utility directly. The utility is responsible for
repayment to the agency.
Eligibility

Loans and grants may be made to any entity that is identified by USDA Rural
Development as an eligible borrower under the Rural Electrification Act.
Geographic
coverage  Nationwide
Amount of
funding

Funding to support $33 million in loans and $10 million in grants is currently
available.

For loans, either the ultimate recipient or the intermediary must provide
supplemental funds for the project equal to at least 20 percent of the loan to
the Intermediary. For grants, the intermediary must establish a Revolving Loan
Fund and contribute an amount equal to at least 20 percent of the grant.

For further information please visit: http://www.raconline.org/

LOAD-DATE: August 6, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             108 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          September 29, 2016 Thursday

Methodology and Formulas for Allocation of Loan and Grant Program Funds;
Correction

LENGTH: 501  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington, DC:  This Rule document was issued by the Rural Utilities Service
(RUS)



  Action



 Correcting amendment.

 Summary



 This document contains a correction to 7 CFR part 1940, subpart L, "Methodology
and Formulas for Allocation of Loan and Grant Program Funds" to provide
reference to the Rural Business Development Program, which replaced the Rural
Business Enterprise Grant program and the Rural Business Opportunity Grant
program.



 Dates



 Effective on September 28, 2016.

 For Further Information Contact



 Kristi Kubista-Hovis, Rural Development, Business Programs, U.S. Department of
Agriculture, 1400 Independence Avenue SW., STOP 3226, Washington, DC 20250-3225;
telephone (202) 720-0424; email

 Supplementary Information

 Background



 The Agricultural Act of 2014 (2014 Farm Bill) directed the Agency to combine
the Rural Business Enterprise Grant (RBEG) program and the Rural Business
Opportunity Grant (RBOG) program into a single new program entitled the Rural
Business Development Grant (RBDG) program. The Agency issued an interim rule
with request for comment on March 25, 2015 (80 FR 15665) establishing the RBDG
program and removing the applicable provisions associated with the RBEG and RBOG
programs. In the interim rule, the Agency inadvertently did not update the title
to 7 CFR 1940.588 to reflect the replacement of the RBEG and RBOG programs with
the new RBDG program. To correct this oversight, the Agency is revising the
title to 7 CFR 1940.588. This correction has no substantive effect on how State
allocations are made for the RBDG program.

 Need for Correction



 As found in the Code of Federal Regulations, the title to 7 CFR 1940.588
contains reference to two programs (i.e., RBEG and RBOG) that no longer exist as
stand-alone programs and does not reference their replacement program (i.e., the
RBDG program). This technical change is necessary to claify how the Agency
allocates funds for the RBDG program and to remove reference to programs that no
longer exist.

 List of Subjects In



 Administrative practice and procedure, Agriculture, Allocations, Grant
programs--Housing and community development, Loan programs--Agriculture, Rural
areas.



 Accordingly, 7 CFR part 1940 is corrected by making the following correcting
amendment:

 Part 1940 General

 Regulatory Text



 1. The authority citation for part 1940 continues to read as follows:

 Authority:



 5 U.S.C. 301; 7 U.S.C. 1989; 42 U.S.C. 1480.



 2. Revise the heading for §&thinsp;1940.588 to read as follows:

 §&thinsp;1940.588 Business and Industry Guaranteed and Direct Loans, Rural
Business Development Grants, and Intermediary Relending Program.



 * * * * *

 Dated: September 9, 2016.

 Lisa Mensah,

 Under Secretary, Rural Development.

 Dated: September 16, 2016.

 Alexis M. Taylor,

 Deputy Under Secretary, Farm and Foreign Agricultural Services.

 [FR Doc. 2016-23228 Filed 9-27-16; 8:45 am]

 BILLING CODE 3410-XY-P



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: September 29, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             109 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                              June 15, 2015 Monday

Arizona: USDA Seeks Applications for Grants to Provide Development Support to
Rural Cooperatives

LENGTH: 496  words

DATELINE: Phoenix


Department of Agriculture has issued the following news release:

WASHINGTON, June 15, 2015 - Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack today announced
that USDA is accepting applications for grants to help rural cooperatives
develop new markets for their products and services. USDA is making the grants
available to non-profit corporations and institutions of higher education
through the Rural Cooperative Development Grant (RCDG) program.

"Cooperative organizations are important catalysts for economic growth and job
creation in rural America," Vilsack said. "The lack of investment capital is
often the key factor holding many rural areas back from economic prosperity. The
investments that USDA is making available will help organizations start
cooperatives, expand existing ones, boost sales and marketing opportunities, and
help develop business opportunities in rural areas."

USDA's Rural Cooperative Development Grant program improves economic conditions
in rural areas by helping individuals and businesses start, expand or improve
the operations of rural cooperatives and other mutually-owned businesses through
cooperative development centers. Other eligible grant activities may include
conducting feasibility studies and creating business plans.

USDA is making up to $5.8 million in grants available in Fiscal Year 2015.
One-year grants up to $200,000 are available. In most cases, grants may be used
to pay for up to 75 percent of a project's total costs. Recipients are required
to match 25 percent of the award amount. The grants will be awarded prior to
September 30, 2015. The recipients will have one year to utilize the awarded
funds.

The application deadline is July 30, 2015. For additional information, see Page
34129 of the June 15, 2015 Federal Register or contact the USDA Rural
Development State Office.

Earlier Rural Cooperative Development Grant funding from USDA helped to reopen a
local Nebraska grocery store. The University of Nebraska-Lincoln's Cooperative
Development Center (NCDC) used funding from an RCDG grant to provide technical
assistance in forming a cooperative business that re-opened the only grocery
store in the small town of Elwood, Nebraska. Community members formed a
10-member steering committee and worked with NCDC on business and finance issues
and incorporation options as a cooperative. The cooperative was incorporated in
May 2012 as the Elwood Hometown Cooperative Market and opened in February 2013.
The Elwood Market keeps its vital place in the community thanks to support from
USDA.

President Obama's historic investments in rural America have made our rural
communities stronger. Under his leadership, these investments in housing,
community facilities, businesses and infrastructure have empowered rural America
to continue leading the way - strengthening America's economy, small towns and
rural communities.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: June 16, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             110 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        The Jamestown Sun (North Dakota)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                              July 3, 2015 Friday

USDA accepting grant applications

BYLINE: The Jamestown Sun, N.D.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 315 words


July 03--Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack has announced that the U.S.
Department of Agriculture is accepting applications for grants to help rural
cooperatives develop new markets for their products and services. USDA is making
the grants available to nonprofit corporations and institutions of higher
education through the Rural Cooperative Development Grant program.

"Cooperative organizations are important catalysts for economic growth and job
creation in rural America," Vilsack said. "The lack of investment capital is
often the key factor holding many rural areas back from economic prosperity. The
investments that USDA is making available will help organizations start
cooperatives, expand existing ones, boost sales and marketing opportunities, and
help develop business opportunities in rural areas."

USDA's Rural Cooperative Development Grant program improves economic conditions
in rural areas by helping individuals and businesses start, expand or improve
the operations of rural cooperatives and other mutually-owned businesses through
cooperative development centers. Other eligible grant activities may include
conducting feasibility studies and creating business plans.

USDA is making up to $5.8 million in grants available in Fiscal Year 2015.
One-year grants up to $200,000 are available. In most cases, grants may be used
to pay for up to 75 percent of a project's total costs. Recipients are required
to match 25 percent of the award amount. The grants will be awarded prior to
Sept. 30. The recipients will have one year to utilize the awarded funds.

The application deadline is July 30. For additional information, see page 34129
of the June 15 Federal Register or contact the USDA Rural Development State
Office.

___ (c)2015 The Jamestown Sun (Jamestown, N.D.) Visit The Jamestown Sun
(Jamestown, N.D.) at www.jamestownsun.com Distributed by Tribune Content Agency,
LLC.

LOAD-DATE: July 8, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20150703-QJ-USDA-accepting-grant-applications-0703-20150703

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: QJ


                        Copyright 2015 The Jamestown Sun


                             111 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             August 1, 2014 Friday

Nevada: USDA Announces Grants to Community Partners to Create Jobs and
Strengthen Small Rural Businesses

LENGTH: 722  words

DATELINE: Carson City


United States Department of agriculture, The State of Nevada has issued the
following news release:

Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack today announced that USDA has selected 10
rural microenterprises to receive grants totaling $300,000 that will support job
growth and business development in several rural communities. The funds are
being provided under the Department's Rural Microentrepreneur Assistance Program
(RMAP), which the 2014 Farm Bill reauthorized through 2018.

"Through the Rural Microentrepreneur Assistance Program, USDA partners with
local organizations who in turn invest in local, small businesses that otherwise
are unable to obtain the credit they need to grow and thrive," said Vilsack.
"Facilitating long-term economic development in this way empowers rural
residents to invest locally, cultivating stronger communities. This program
exemplifies how USDA can partner with rural communities to maximize the positive
impact of even a small investment of federal dollars"

Under RMAP, USDA provides loans and grants to Microenterprise Development
Organizations (MDOs) to help microentrepreneurs, defined as very small
businesses with 10 or fewer employees, to access microloans to start or develop
businesses. MDOs use the funds to provide training and technical assistance to
eligible small businesses or to establish revolving loan funds to provide
microloans, typically ranging from $5,000 to $50,000, to rural
microentrepreneurs.

For example, investments from the RMAP program have played a key role in
sustaining a stable rural economy in Iowa, where nearly 86 percent of businesses
qualify as microenterprises. In 2012, USDA awarded $630,000 in RMAP funds to
North Iowa Area Community College and to the Iowa Foundation for Microenterprise
and Community Development (Iowa MicroLoan), who distributed the capital as loans
and grants to small businesses across the state. Iowa's economy is heavily based
in food and agriculture, and many of the businesses that received RMAP support
contribute to the regional, national, and international reach of the industry.

This year, RMAP grants will fund new projects, including the Our Native American
Business Network's initiative to provide training to Native American
entrepreneurs from the Muscogee (Creek) and Cherokee Nations in Oklahoma who are
interested in launching new rural small businesses. In places across the nation,
rural microentrepreneurial investment supports community development, job
creation, and economic stability.

The following recipients each received $30,000 grants to provide technical
assistance and training to rural microentrepeneurs:

California

Jefferson Economic Development Institute
    Yuba-Sutter Economic Development Corporation

Illinois

Two Rivers Resource Conservation & Development Area

Kentucky

Northern Kentucky Community Action Commission, Inc.

Mississippi

Mississippi University for Women

Ohio

ACEnet

Oregon

Our Native American Business and Entrepreneurial Network

Pennsylvania

Bridgeway Capital, Inc.

Washington, D.C.

Community Development Transportation Lending Service

Washington

GROW Washington

President Obama's plan for rural America has brought about historic investment
and resulted in stronger rural communities. Under the President's leadership,
these investments in housing, community facilities, businesses and
infrastructure have empowered rural America to continue leading the way in
strengthening America's economy, small towns and rural communities.

Today's funding announcement was made possible by the 2014 Farm Bill. The Farm
Bill builds on historic economic gains in rural America over the past five
years, while achieving meaningful reform and billions of dollars in savings for
taxpayers. Since enactment, USDA has made significant progress to implement each
provision of this critical legislation, including providing disaster relief to
farmers and ranchers; strengthening risk management tools; expanding access to
rural credit; funding critical research; establishing innovative public-private
conservation partnerships; developing new markets for rural-made products; and
investing in infrastructure, housing and community facilities to help improve
quality of life in rural America. For more information, visit
www.usda.gov/farmbill.

For more information please visit: http://www.usda.gov/

LOAD-DATE: August 2, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             112 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                    Lyon County Reporter (Rock Rapids, Iowa)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                               December 18, 2013

USDA Rural Development invests $498 million in rural Iowa in 2013

BYLINE: Lyon County Reporter staff

LENGTH: 966  words


Funding helps create or retain 1,000 jobs, assist 2,600 families purchase homes
and support 60 communities with improvements to facilities, services and
infrastructure

DES MOINES, Iowa-During the past year a relatively small mission area within the
U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA) has assisted thousands of rural lowans by
helping bring nearly half a billion dollars to rural Iowa to support community
and economic development projects throughout the state.

USDA Rural Development invested $498 million into rural Iowa in 2013 to develop
home ownership opportunities, as well as wide variety of job-creation and
community-improvement projects and activities.

For instance, USDA Rural Development funds were used to build a road in Warren
County to support an expanding small business, helped the City of Corwith plan
for a new fire station, developed an indoor farmers' market facility in Ot-tumwa
and will assist with the upcoming remodeling and expansion at Floyd Valley
Hospital in Le Mars.

"Our focus is on the viability of rural communities which are so vital to our
state and nation," said Bill Menner, USDA Rural Development State Director in
Iowa. "These are the places that help support American agriculture and foster an
ethic that impacts our workforce, our military and our economy. We are working
with communities to create jobs, expand opportunity, encourage innovation and
build a strong foundation for the future."

In 2013, USDA Rural Development funding, through 40 direct loan, guaranteed loan
and grant programs, helped 2,600 rural Iowa families purchase homes, created or
retained more than 1,000 jobs, and assisted 60 communities with improvements to
facilities, services and infrastructure.

This fall a groundbreaking ceremony was held at the future home of C& L
Companies' new warehouse and distribution and testing facility in rural Warren
County. USDA Rural Development provided a $1 million rural economic development
loan to assist with the expansion project.

Additionally, a $280,000 rural economic development grant helped make upgrades
to the roadway near the warehouse and distribution facility. C&L Companies is a
manufacturer of after-market motorcycle component parts. The project is
estimated to create 14 new jobs.

Access Energy Cooperative used nearly $800,000 in USDA rural economic
development grants and loans (REDLG) in 2013 to create a revolving loan fund
that the Henry County Health Center used to purchase health information
technology (HIT) equipment for the surgical and outpatient departments.

Many recipients of USDA Rural Development's 2013 rural business enterprise
grants (RBEG) are supporting local foods efforts. Cass County used an $11,554
technical assistance grant to help develop sustainable and economically
successful local foods systems that support farm-based businesses and
entrepreneurs in the county.

Ottumwa Progress Inc. received a $62,676 grant to assist with construction
costs, as well as the purchase of equipment for an educational and commercial
kitchen area in an indoor farmers' market facility helping small and emerging
businesses. Winneshiek County Agricultural Extension District received a $48,000
grant to help purchase a refrigerated delivery truck and provide technical
assistance to northeast Iowa food producers and processors through a food hub
delivery and marketing service.

In addition to generating jobs, USDA Rural Development investments are also
creating ongoing economic opportunities in rural America that will pay benefits
for years to come.

The City of Bloomfield received $2 million in loan and grant funds to help
establish an emergency connection to Rathbun Regional Water Association's newly
completed water treatment plant in case the city would need to access additional
water in the future. The plant was supported by $20 million in USDA Rural
Development loan funds and can treat six million gallons of water per day.

"We are very happy to be a partner with all the communities we serve as they
work hard to make investments thatwill impact many future generations," Menner
added. "We also enjoy working with communities on much smaller projects that
provide an outstanding opportunity for residents to work together and experience
success. Many times, this success leads to bigger community-improvement
initiatives."

This year USDA Rural Development awarded grants of $50,000 or less to 29
communities including the City of Blockton to help purchase a fire truck, the
City of Floris to assist with upgrades at their fire station and to Wayne County
Hospital to purchase a 3-D ultrasound machine and viewing station.

Since 2009, USDA Rural Development has invested nearly $3 billion in rural Iowa
on essential public facilities, small and emerging businesses, water and sewer
systems and housing opportunities for Iowa families.

Further information on programs available through USDA Rural Development is
available by calling (515) 284-4663 or by visiting the agency's web site at
www.rurdev.usda.gov/ia.

USDA Rural Development has 11 offices across the state to serve the 1.7 million
lowans living in rural communities and areas. Office locations include a State
Office in Des Moines, along with Area Offices in Albia, Atlantic, Humboldt,
Indi-anola, Iowa Falls, Le Mars, Mount Pleasant, Storm Lake, Tipton and Waverly.

President Obama's plan for rural America has brought about historic investment
and resulted in stronger rural communities. Under the President's leadership,
these investments in housing, community facilities, businesses and
infrastructure have empowered rural America to continue leading the way -
strengthening America's economy, small towns and rural communities. USDA's
investments in rural communities support the rural way of life that stands as
the backbone of our American values.

LOAD-DATE: October 15, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Local Government

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: LYC

                      Copyright 2013 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                      Copyright 2013 Lyon County Reporter


                             113 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            August 6, 2014 Wednesday

Washington: USDA Announces Grants to Community Partners to Create Jobs and
Strengthen Small Rural Businesses

LENGTH: 707  words

DATELINE: Washington


US Department of Agriculture, The Government of USA has issued the following
news release:

Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack today announced that USDA has selected 10
rural microenterprises to receive grants totaling $300,000 that will support job
growth and business development in several rural communities. The funds are
being provided under the Department's Rural Microentrepreneur Assistance Program
(RMAP), which the 2014 Farm Bill reauthorized through 2018.

"Through the Rural Microentrepreneur Assistance Program, USDA partners with
local organizations who in turn invest in local, small businesses that otherwise
are unable to obtain the credit they need to grow and thrive," said Vilsack.
"Facilitating long-term economic development in this way empowers rural
residents to invest locally, cultivating stronger communities. This program
exemplifies how USDA can partner with rural communities to maximize the positive
impact of even a small investment of federal dollars"

Under RMAP, USDA provides loans and grants to Microenterprise Development
Organizations (MDOs) to help microentrepreneurs, defined as very small
businesses with 10 or fewer employees, to access microloans to start or develop
businesses. MDOs use the funds to provide training and technical assistance to
eligible small businesses or to establish revolving loan funds to provide
microloans, typically ranging from $5,000 to $50,000, to rural
microentrepreneurs.

For example, investments from the RMAP program have played a key role in
sustaining a stable rural economy in Iowa, where nearly 86 percent of businesses
qualify as microenterprises. In 2012, USDA awarded $630,000 in RMAP funds to
North Iowa Area Community College and to the Iowa Foundation for Microenterprise
and Community Development (Iowa MicroLoan), who distributed the capital as loans
and grants to small businesses across the state. Iowa's economy is heavily based
in food and agriculture, and many of the businesses that received RMAP support
contribute to the regional, national, and international reach of the industry.

This year, RMAP grants will fund new projects, including the Our Native American
Business Network's initiative to provide training to Native American
entrepreneurs from the Muscogee (Creek) and Cherokee Nations in Oklahoma who are
interested in launching new rural small businesses. In places across the nation,
rural microentrepreneurial investment supports community development, job
creation, and economic stability.

The following recipients each received $30,000 grants to provide technical
assistance and training to rural microentrepeneurs:

California

Jefferson Economic Development Institute
 Yuba-Sutter Economic Development Corporation

Illinois

Two Rivers Resource Conservation & Development Area

Kentucky

Northern Kentucky Community Action Commission, Inc.

Mississippi

Mississippi University for Women

Ohio

ACEnet

Oregon

Our Native American Business and Entrepreneurial Network

Pennsylvania

Bridgeway Capital, Inc.

Washington, D.C.

Community Development Transportation Lending Service

Washington

GROW Washington

President Obama's plan for rural America has brought about historic investment
and resulted in stronger rural communities. Under the President's leadership,
these investments in housing, community facilities, businesses and
infrastructure have empowered rural America to continue leading the way in
strengthening America's economy, small towns and rural communities.

Today's funding announcement was made possible by the 2014 Farm Bill. The Farm
Bill builds on historic economic gains in rural America over the past five
years, while achieving meaningful reform and billions of dollars in savings for
taxpayers. Since enactment, USDA has made significant progress to implement each
provision of this critical legislation, including providing disaster relief to
farmers and ranchers; strengthening risk management tools; expanding access to
rural credit; funding critical research; establishing innovative public-private
conservation partnerships; developing new markets for rural-made products; and
investing in infrastructure, housing and community facilities to help improve
quality of life in rural America.

For more information please visit: http://www.usda.gov

LOAD-DATE: August 7, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             114 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                 Walsh County Press (Park River, North Dakota)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                October 24, 2012

USDA Benefit and Cooperative funding to benefit area;
Northern Neighbors

BYLINE: Walsh County Press staff

LENGTH: 345  words


BISMARCK, N.D. More than $1.3 million in financing to support business and
cooperative development. Six recipients were awarded loans and grants to expand
rural economic activity throughout North Dakota including sites in Pembina
County.

"The utilities and intermediaries selected for funding will support projects
that will generate new jobs, build stronger economies, and create more vibrant
communities," USDA Rural Development State Director Jasper Schneider said. "By
partnering with private and public entities, we are able to have a broad,
positive impact in North Dakota."

Rural Economic Development Loan and Grant (REDLG):

Northern Plains Electric Cooperative: $740,000 loan to construct rail loop
infrastructure to the Spiritwood Energy Park near Jamestown.

Reservation Telephone Cooperative: $113, 517 grant to assist AnoVa Family Health
Clinic, Inc. establish a new healthcare clinic in Watford City.

Rural Cooperative Development Grant (RCDG):

North Dakota Association of Rural Electric Cooperatives: a $175,000 grant to
provide technical assistance in support of cooperatives and mutually-owned
businesses.

Common Enterprise Development Corporation: a S175,000 grant to assist entities
in the start-up, expansion or operational improvement of rural businesses.

Rural Business Opportunity Grant (RBOG):

Pembina County: a $50,000 grant to support the following projects: developing a
small plant in the City of Crystal, providing technical support for a rotational
molding company in the City of Neche, assisting base sector business within
Pembina County in developing a capital expenditure plan, and updating the
Pembina County strategic plan.

Red River Valley Research Corridor: a $50,000 grant will support the corridor's
Expanding Regional Innovation Ecosystem (ERIE) proposal as it seeks to diversify
and strengthen rural economies and create new opportunities by accelerating
technology adoption, business expansion and new venture formation in a 19-county
region.

Further information on these and other rural programs is available by visiting
www.rurdev.usda.gov/nd.

LOAD-DATE: March 30, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Local Government

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: WAL

                      Copyright 2012 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                       Copyright 2012 Walsh County Press


                             115 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            March 26, 2015 Thursday

Rural Business Development Grant

LENGTH: 9219  words


Washington, D.C.: This Rule document was issued by the Rural Business
Cooperative Service (RBS)

Action

Interim final rule with request for comments.
Summary

This Interim Final Rule is needed to ensure that the Agency will have a
regulation in place to meet the Congressional mandate established in Congress in
the Agricultural Act of 2014 (2014 Farm Bill). This mandate requires the Agency
to establish a new program called the Rural Business Development Grant Program
which combines the former Rural Business Enterprise Grant and Rural Business
Opportunity Grant programs. The Agency has made no substantive changes to either
the Rural Business Enterprise Grant or Rural Business Opportunity Grant programs
when combining these regulations into the Rural Business Development Grant
program.

Rural Development, Rural Business-Cooperative Service (RBS) is establishing a
new regulation for the Rural Business Development Grant (RBDG) program. The
program was established by the 2014 Farm Bill. The RBDG Program will combine the
Rural Business Enterprise Grant (RBEG) and the Rural Business Opportunity Grant
(RBOG) programs. There are no substantive programmatic changes to RBEG and RBOG
with this consolidation.
Dates

This Interim Final Rule is effective March 25, 2015. Written comments on this
Interim Final Rule must be received on or before May 26, 2015.
Addresses

You may submit comments on this Interim Final Rule by any of the following
methods:

Federal eRulemaking Portal: http://www.regulations.gov. Follow the instructions
for submitting comments. You can find the rule by searching the RIN number
0570-AA92.
    Mail: Submit written comments via the U.S. Postal Service to the Branch
Chief, Regulations and Paperwork Management Branch, U.S. Department of
Agriculture, 300 7th Street SW., 7th Floor, Washington, DC 20024.
    Hand Delivery/Courier: Submit written comments via Federal Express Mail or
other courier service requiring a street address to the Branch Chief,
Regulations and Paperwork Management Branch, U.S. Department of Agriculture, 300
7th Street SW., 7th Floor, Washington, DC 20024.

All written comments will be available for public inspection during regular work
hours at the 300 7th Street SW., 7th Floor address listed above.
For Further Information Contact

Melvin Padgett or Cindy Mason, Rural Development, Business Programs, U.S.
Department of Agriculture, 1400 Independence Avenue SW., Stop 3226, Washington,
DC 20250; email: Melvin.padgett@wdc.usda.gov or cindy.mason@wdc.usda.gov; at
(202) 720-1495 or (202) 690-1433, respectively.
Supplementary Information

Request for Comments: The Agency is interested in receiving comments on all
aspects of the Interim Final Rule. All comments should be submitted as indicated
in theADDRESSESsection of this preamble. The Agency is seeking specific comments
on whether or not to utilize this RBDG regulation to continue to process
television demonstration grants and regional commission grants which are
currently in 7 CFR part 1942, subpart G. And, whether or not to incorporate
grants for expansion of employment opportunities for individuals with
disabilities and health care services which were authorized in the 2008 Farm
Bill. The Agency is interested in considering all factors that affect the
public. Please be sure to include your rationale for your suggestions.

Additionally, in 2007, Rural Development published a proposed rule for RBEG,
however, a final rule was never published. Rural Development appreciates the
comments that were submitted on the proposed rule, and requests that reviewers
resubmit comments on this consolidated rule if they believe they are still
valid.
Executive Order 12866, Classification

This rule has been determined to be not significant for purposes of Executive
Order 12866 and has not been reviewed by the Office of Management and Budget
(OMB).
Programs Affected

The Catalog of Federal Domestic Assistance Program number assigned to the RBDG
is 10.351.
Environmental Impact Statement

This document has been reviewed in accordance with 7 CFR part 1940, subpart G,
"Environmental Program." Rural Development has determined that this action does
not constitute a major Federal action significantly affecting the quality of the
human environment and, in accordance with the National Environmental Policy Act
(NEPA) of 1969, 42 U.S.C. 4321 et seq., an Environmental Impact Statement is not
required.
Executive Order 12372, Intergovernmental Consultation

The program is subject to the provisions of Executive Order 12372, which
requires intergovernmental consultation with State and local officials.
Consultation will be completed at the time each grant is made.
Executive Order 12988, Civil Justice

This rule has been reviewed under Executive Order 12988, Civil Justice Reform.
The Agency has determined that this rule meets the applicable standards provided
in section 3 of the Executive Order. Additionally, (1) all State and local laws
and regulations thatare in conflict with this rule will be preempted; (2) no
retroactive effect will be given to the rule; and (3) administrative appeal
procedures, if any, must be exhausted before litigation against the Department
or its agencies may be initiated, in accordance with the regulations of the
National Appeals Division of the U.S. Department of Agriculture at 7 CFR part
11.
Executive Order 13132, Federalism

The policies contained in this rule do not have any substantial direct effect on
States, on the relationship between the National Government and the States, or
on the distribution of power and responsibilities among the various levels of
Government. Nor does this rule impose substantial direct compliance costs on
State and local Governments. Therefore, consultation with States is not
required.
Regulatory Flexibility Act Certification

Under section 605(b) of the Regulatory Flexibility Act, 5 U.S.C. 605(b), the
Agency certifies that this rule will not have a significant economic impact on a
substantial number of small entities. The Agency made this determination based
on the fact that this regulation only impacts those who choose to participate in
the program. Small entity applicants will not be impacted to a greater extent
than large entity applicants.
Unfunded Mandate Reform Act

This rule contains no Federal mandates (under the regulatory provisions of Title
II of the Unfunded Mandates Reform Act of 1995) for State, local, and Tribal
governments, or the private sector. Thus, this rule is not subject to the
requirements of sections 202 and 205 of the Unfunded Mandates Reform Act of
1995.
Executive Order 13175, Consultation and Coordination With Indian Tribal
Governments

This executive order imposes requirements on Rural Development in the
development of regulatory policies that have Tribal implications or preempt
Tribal laws. As previously noted, the consolidation of the RBEG and RBOG
programs through the publication of this Interim Final Rule will not institute
any substantive programmatic changes. However, since Congress has legislatively
mandated funds to benefit federally recognized Indian Tribes in both programs,
in the past, implementation of the RBDG program in future years may have
substantial and direct effects on one or more Indian Tribe(s).

Consequently, the consolidation of the RBEG and RBOG programs under the RBDG
program was featured in two Tribal Consultation webinars hosted by Rural
Development in fiscal year (FY) 2014. On April 2, 2014, Rural Development hosted
a Tribal Consultation webinar and teleconference that summarized significant
changes to its programs mandated by the 2014 Farm Bill. During the webinar, in
addition to summarizing the Farm Bill changes, Rural Development listed five
Farm Bill provisions that would likely require further consultation--including
the RBDG program. No objections were raised by participants to alter that
assumption.

On August 25, 2014, Rural Development hosted a Tribal Consultation webinar and
teleconference that covered the implementation of the RBDG program and the
Strategic Economic and Community Development (Section 6025) provision in great
depth. Again, no objections were raised by participants to alter the course of
implementation for either the RBDG program or Section 6025.

For further information regarding Rural Development's past Tribal Consultation
events or Rural Development's Tribal Consultation process, please contact Rural
Development's Native American Coordinator at (720) 544-2911 or AIAN@wdc.usda.gov

Paperwork Reduction Act

In accordance with the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995, this document announces
the intention of RBS to request information collection in support of the RBDG
program (7 CFR part 4280, subpart E). No new requirements have been added, but
it is the intent of the Agency to combine the two current Paperwork Reduction
Act packages into one. Until this paperwork burden is approved, the Agency will
utilize the current RBEG and RBOG paperwork burdens. These burdens are approved
under 0570-0022 and 0570-0024 respectively.

Estimate of Burden: Public reporting burden for this collection of information
is estimated to average 3.0 hours per response.

Respondents: Nonprofit corporations and public bodies.

Estimated Number of Respondents: 920.

Estimated Number of Responses per Respondent: 22.

Estimated Number of Responses: 20,517.

Estimated Total Annual Burden on Respondents: 64,773.

Comments on this document must be received by May 26, 2015 to be assured of
consideration.
E-Government Act Compliance

Rural Development is committed to complying with the E-Government Act, to
promote the use of the internet and other information technologies, to provide
increased opportunities for citizens to access Government information and
services electronically.
Good Cause

Rural Development is publishing this rule as an interim final rule for good
cause in that:

Rural Development anticipates going forward that Congress will only be providing
appropriations for RBDG and not for the RBOG and RBEG programs;

Since the RBEG and RBOG programs are being merged without substantive changes,
the public will not be unfamiliar with the new RBDG provisions; and

Making the RBDG rule an interim final rule will assure the continuity of
benefits historically provided under the RBOG and RBEG programs.

Additionally, notice and comment are not required because of the Administrative
Procedures Act exceptions for loans and grants at 5 U.S.C. 553(a)(2).
I. Background

Rural Development is charged with assisting, among other entities, the startup,
expansion, and the continuation of small and emerging businesses and/or
non-profits in rural communities. Rural Development supports this portion of the
overall mission through two grant programs, the RBEG and RBOG programs.

Rural Development makes RBEGs to public bodies and non-profit corporations so
that they may assist small and emerging businesses and/or non-profits in their
communities to create and support jobs. RBEG funds may be used to: Acquire or
develop land, buildings, plants, equipment; access streets and roads, parking
areas, utility extensions, necessary water and supply and waste disposal
facilities; provide technical assistance; establish revolving loan funds; and to
create, expand, or operate rural distance learning programs that provide
educational or job training instruction related to potential employment or job
advancement to adult students.

RBOG funds are made to public bodies and non-profit corporations to assist
businesses and/or non-profits intheir communities. RBOG funds may be used to
assist in the economic development of rural areas by providing technical
assistance, training, and planning for business and economic development.

In February 2014 the United States Congress passed the 2014 Farm Bill. This law
combined the RBEG and RBOG programs into one grant program, the RBDG program.
The Congressional Record emphasizes that the two programs should continue to
operate in essentially the same manner as they operated when they were separate
grant programs. Thus, Rural Development is publishing this Interim Final Rule to
meet the statutory requirements of the 2014 Farm Bill.

Grants made before the implementation of the RBDG program will continue to be
governed by the terms of the applicable RBOG and RBEG regulations in effect at
the time the grants were made together with any other applicable agreements.
II. Discussion of Changes

The Agency is publishing this Interim Final Rule to meet the statutory
requirements of the 2014 Farm Bill including revising the definition of rural
and rural areas to conform to the Consolidated Farm and Rural Development Act
definition. The 2014 Farm Bill consolidated the RBEG and RBOG programs into one
grant program while allowing both programs to operate essentially as they have
in the past. The Agency is soliciting comments to this new regulation and will
consider all comments received prior to publishing a Final Rule. Publishing this
Interim Final Rule will permit the Agency to provide continuous service to rural
small and emerging businesses, non-profit corporations, and local public bodies,
while requesting input from the public on their views of this grant program.

The Agency combined 7 CFR part 1942, subpart G and 7 CFR part 4284, subpart G
into the RBDG rule at 7 CFR part 4280, subpart E. Rural Development has also
integrated applicable general provisions of 7 CFR part 4284, subpart A into the
RBDG rule. Essentially, the Agency did not change any of the requirements of
either program but blended the two regulations into one and eliminated
duplicative portions so that there is only one set of requirements. The Agency
also combined definitions so that the public has one definition for both
programs as well as blended the scoring requirements of both former regulations.
Finally, the Agency blended the application processes into one streamlined set
of procedures under the RBDG funding, incorporating the statutory language of
the 2014 Farm Bill (7 U.S.C. 1932(c)) specifying how the funding would be split.

The U.S. Department of Agriculture and the Agency is adopting the new the U.S.
Department of Agriculture grant regulation at 2 CFR chapter IV for monitoring
and servicing RBDG funding. If this rule is published prior to new the U.S.
Department of Agriculture grant regulations being published and effective, the
Agency will comply with all applicable parts of 2 CFR chapter IV and chapter XXX
including 7 CFR parts 3015, 3016, 3019, and 3052.
List of Subjects

Civil rights, Compliance reviews, Fair housing, and Minority groups.

Business and Industry, Grant programs--Housing and Community development,
Industrial park, and Rural areas.

Business and Industry, Economic Development, Grant programs, Community
development, Industrial Sites, and Rural Areas.

Business and Industry, Economic Development, Grant programs--Housing and
Community development, and Rural Areas.

For the reasons set forth in the preamble, chapters XVIII and XLII, title 7, of
the Code of Federal Regulations are being amended as follows:
Regulatory Text
CHAPTER XVIII--RURAL HOUSING SERVICE, RURAL BUSINESS-COOPERATIVE SERVICE, RURAL
UTILITIES SERVICE, AND FARM SERVICE AGENCY, DEPARTMENT OF AGRICULTURE
Part 1901 Program Related Instructions

1. The authority citation for part 1901 is revised to read as follows:
Authority:

5 U.S.C. 301; 7 U.S.C. 1989; 40 U.S.C. 442; 42 U.S.C. 1480, 2942.
Subpart E--Civil Rights Compliance Requirements

2. Amend § 1901.204 by revising paragraph (a)(16) to read as follows:
§ 1901.204 Compliance reviews.

(a) * * *

(16) Rural Business Development Grants.

* * * * *
Part 1942 Associations

3. The authority citation for part 1942 continues to read as follows:
Authority:

5 U.S.C. 301; 7 U.S.C. 1989.
Subpart G--[Removed and Reserved]

4. Remove and reserve subpart G, consisting of §§ 1942.301 through 1942.350 and
Guides 1 and 2 to subpart G.
CHAPTER XLII--RURAL BUSINESS-COOPERATIVE SERVICE AND RURAL UTILITIES SERVICE,
DEPARTMENT OF AGRIGULTURE
Part 4280 Loans and Grants

5. The authority citation for part 4280 is revised to read as follows:
Authority:

5 U.S.C. 301: 7 U.S.C. 940c and 7 U.S.C. 1932(c).

6. Add subpart E to read as follows:
Subpart E--Rural Business Development Grants
General
Sec.
4280.401
Purpose.
4280.402
[Reserved]
4280.403
Definitions.
4280.404
Exception authority.
4280.405
Review or appeal rights.
4280.406
Conflict of interest.
4280.407
Statute and regulation references.
4280.408
U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA) departmental regulations and laws that
contain other compliance requirements.
4280.409
[Reserved]
4280.410
Other laws and regulations that contain compliance requirements for this
program.
4280.411
Forms, guides, and attachments.
4280.412-4280.414
[Reserved]
Rural Business Development Grants
4280.415
Rural Business Development Grants.
Eligibility
4280.416
Applicant eligibility.
4280.417
Project eligibility.
4280.418-4280.420
[Reserved]
Funding Provisions
4280.421
Term requirement.
4280.422
Joint funding.
4280.423
Ineligible uses of grant funds.
4280.424-4280.426
[Reserved]
Applying for a Grant
4280.427
Application.
4280.428-4280.429
[Reserved]
4280.430
Notification of decision.
4280.431-4280.433
[Reserved]
Processing and Scoring Application
4280.434
General processing and scoring provisions.
4280.435
Scoring criteria.
4280.436-4280.438
[Reserved]
Grant Awards and Agreements
4280.439
Grant awards and agreements.
4280.440-4280.442
[Reserved]
Post Award Activities and Requirements
4280.443
Grant monitoring and servicing.
4280.444-4280.447
[Reserved]
4280.448
Transfers and assumptions.
4280.449-4280.499
[Reserved]
4280.500
OMB control number.
General
§ 4280.401 Purpose.

This subpart implements the RBDG program administered by the Agency. Grants made
under this subpart will be made to eligible entities for use in funding various
business opportunity and business enterprise Projects that serve Rural Areas.
§ 4280.402 [Reserved]
§ 4280.403 Definitions.

Administrator. The Administrator of RBS or designees or successors.

Agency. Rural Business-Cooperative Service (RBS) or successor.

Agriculture Production. The cultivation, production, growing, raising, feeding,
housing, breeding, hatching, or managing of crops, plants, animals or birds,
either for fiber, food for human consumption, or livestock feed.

Arm's-length Transaction. The sale, release, or disposition of assets in which
the title to the property passes to a ready, willing, and able disinterested
third party that is not affiliated with or related to and has no security,
monetary, or stockholder interest in the grantee or transferor at the time of
the transaction.

Business Support Centers. Centers established to provide assistance to
businesses in such areas as counseling, business planning, training, management
assistance, marketing information, and locating financing for business
operations. The centers need not be located in a Rural Area, but must provide
assistance to businesses located in Rural Areas.

Departmental Grant Regulations. The USDA grant regulations at 2 CFR chapter IV.

Economic Development. The industrial, business and financial augmentation of an
area as evidenced by increases in total income, employment opportunities, value
of production, duration of employment, or diversification of industry, reduced
outmigration, higher labor force participation rates or wage levels or gains in
other measurements of economic activity, such as land values.

Indian Tribe (Tribal). Indian Tribes on Federal and State reservations and other
federally recognized Indian Tribal groups.

Industrial Site. The development of undeveloped real estate for uses which will
assist Small and Emerging Businesses.

Long-term. The period of time covered by the three most recent decennial
censuses of the United States to the present.

Nonprofit. An entity chartered as a nonprofit organization under applicable
State or Tribal law.

Other Business Development. Any business related activity that will assist Small
and Emerging Businesses and may include but is not limited to business
incubators, business training centers, and other training activity which leads
directly to Small and Emerging Business development.

Planning. A process to coordinate Economic Development activities, develop
guides for action, or otherwise assist local community leaders in the Economic
Development of Rural Areas.

Priority Communities. Communities targeted for Agency assistance as determined
by the U.S. Department of Agriculture Under Secretary for Rural Development that
are experiencing trauma due to natural disasters or are undertaking or
completing fundamental structural changes, have remained persistently poor, or
have experienced Long-Term population decline or job deterioration.

Project. The result of the use of grant funds provided under this subpart
through Technical Assistance or Planning relating to the Economic Development of
a Rural Area; or the result of the use of program funds (i.e., a facility
whether constructed by the applicant or a third party made with grant funds,
Technical Assistance, startup operating costs, or working capital). A revolving
fund established in whole or in part with grant funds will also be considered a
Project.

Public Bodies/Government Entity. Public Bodies include States, counties, cities,
townships, and incorporated towns and villages, boroughs, authorities,
districts, and education institutions organized under State and Federal laws,
and Indian Tribes.

Rural and Rural Area. As described in 7 U.S.C. 1991(a)(13)(A) and (D) et seq.

Small and Emerging Business. Any private and/or Nonprofit business which will
employ 50 or fewer new employees and has less than $1 million in gross revenue;
for retail operations, total sales minus cost of goods sold minus returns or for
a service organizations, gross revenue minus cost of providing service or for a
manufacturing operation it will be total sales minus cost of raw materials minus
the cost of production.

State. Any of the 50 States, the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico, the U.S. Virgin
Islands, Guam, American Samoa, the Commonwealth of the Northern Mariana Islands,
the Republic of Palau, the Federated States of Micronesia, and the Republic of
the Marshall Islands.

Technical Assistance. A function performed for the benefit of a private business
enterprise or a community and which is a problem solving activity, such as
market research, product and/or service improvement, feasibility study, etc., to
assist in the Economic Development of a Rural Area.
§ 4280.404 Exception authority.

The Administrator may make an exception, on a case-by-case basis, to any
requirement or provision of this subpart that is not inconsistent with any
authorizing statute or applicable law if the Administrator determines that
application of the requirement or provision would adversely affect the
Government's financial interest.
§ 4280.405 Review or appeal rights.

A person may seek a review of an Agency decision under this subpart from the
appropriate Agency official that oversees the program in question or appeal to
the National Appeals Division in accordance with 7 CFR part 11.
§ 4280.406 Conflict of interest.

(a) General. No conflict of interest or appearance of conflict of interest will
be allowed. For purposes of this subpart, Conflict of Interest includes, but is
not limited to, distribution or payment of grant, guaranteed loan funds, and
matching funds or award of Project construction contracts to an individual
owner, partner, or stockholder, or to a beneficiary or immediate family of the
applicant or grantee when the recipient will retain any portion of ownership in
the applicant's or grantee's Project. Grant and matching funds may not be used
to support costs for services or goods going to, or coming from, a person or
entity with a real or apparent conflict of interest. All transactions must be
Arm's-length Transactions.

(b) Assistance to employees, relatives, and associates. The Agency will process
any requests for assistance under this subpart in accordance with 7 CFR part
1900, subpart D.

(c) Member/delegate clause. No member of or delegate to Congress shall receive
any share or part of this grant or any benefit that may arise therefrom; but
this provision shall not be construed to bar, as a contractor under the grant, a
publicly held corporation whose ownership might include a member of Congress so
long as the member's ownership is less than 10 percent.
§ 4280.407 Statute and regulation references.

All references to statutes and regulations are to include any and all successor
statutes and regulations.
§ 4280.408 U.S. Department of Agriculture departmental regulations and laws that
contain other compliance requirements.

(a) Departmental regulations. All funded under this subpart are subject to the
provisions of the Departmental Regulations, as applicable, which are
incorporated by reference herein.

(b) Equal opportunity and nondiscrimination. The Agency will ensure that equal
opportunity and nondiscrimination requirements are met in accordance with the
Equal Credit Opportunity Act, 15 U.S.C. 1691 et seq. and 7 CFR part 15d,
"Nondiscrimination in Programs and Activities Conducted by the United State
Department of Agriculture." The Agency will not discriminate against applicants
on the basis of race, color, religion, national origin, sex, marital status, or
age (provided that the applicant has the capacity to contract); because all or
part of the applicant's income derives from any public assistance program; or
because the applicant has in good faith exercised any right under the Consumer
Credit Protection Act, 15 U.S.C. 1601 et seq.

(c) Civil rights compliance. Recipients of grants must comply with the Americans
with Disabilities Act of 1990, 42 U.S.C. 12101 et seq., Title VI of the Civil
Rights Act of 1964, 42 U.S.C. 2000d et seq., and section 504 of the
Rehabilitation Act of 1973, 29 U.S.C. 794. This may include collection and
maintenance of data on the race, sex, and national origin of the recipient's
membership/ownership and employees. The data must be available to conduct
compliance reviews.

(1) Initial compliance reviews will be conducted by the Agency prior to funds
being obligated.

(2) Grants will require one subsequent compliance review following Project
completion. This will occur prior to the last disbursement of grant funds.

(d) Environmental requirements. 7 CFR part 1940, subpart G or successor
regulation applies to this subpart. Prospective applicants are advised to
contact the Agency to determine environmental requirements as soon as
practicable after they decide to pursue any form of financial assistance
directly or indirectly available through the Agency.

(1) Any required environmental review must be completed by the Agency prior to
the Agency obligating any funds.

(2) The applicant will be notified of all specific compliance requirements,
including, but not limited to, the publication of public notices, and
consultation with State Historic Preservation Offices (or Tribal Historic
Preservation Offices where appropriate) and the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service.

(3) A site visit by the Agency may be scheduled, if necessary, to determine the
scope of the review.

(4) Applications for Technical Assistance or Planning Projects are generally
excluded from the environmental review process by § 1940.333 of this title
provided the assistance is not related to the development of a specific site.
However, as further specified in 7 CFR 1940.330, the grantee for a Technical
Assistance grant, in the process of providing Technical Assistance, must
consider the potential environmental impacts of the recommendations provided to
the recipient of the Technical Assistance.

(5) Applicants for grant funds must consider and document within their plans the
important environmental factors within the Planning area and the potential
environmental impacts of the plan on the Planning area, as well as the
alternative Planning strategies that were reviewed.

(6) Whenever an applicant files an application that includes a direct
construction Project and a plan, they must have a separate environmental
evaluation.

(e) Discrimination complaints--(1) Who may file. Persons or a specific class of
persons believing they have been subjected to discrimination prohibited by this
section may file a complaint personally, or by an authorized representative with
USDA, Director, Office of Adjudication, 1400 Independence Avenue SW.,
Washington, DC 20250.

(2) Time for filing. A complaint must be filed no later than 180 days from the
date of the alleged discrimination, unless the time for filing is extended by
the designated officials of USDA or the Agency.

(f) Uniform Relocation and Real Property Acquisition Policies Act. All Projects
must comply with the requirements set forth in 7 CFR part 21.

(g) Floodplains and wetlands. All Projects must comply with Executive Order
11988 "Floodplain Management" and Executive Order 11990 "Protection of
Wetlands." The applicable regulations are codified at 44 CFR parts 59 through
80.
§ 4280.409 [Reserved]
§ 4280.410 Other laws and regulations that contain compliance requirements for
this program.

(a) Equal employment opportunity. For all construction contracts and grants in
excess of $10,000, the contractor must comply with Executive Order 11246, as
amended by Executive Order 11375, and as supplemented by applicable Department
of Labor regulations (41 CFR part 60-1). The applicant is responsible for
ensuring that the contractor complies with these requirements.

(b) Architectural barriers. All facilities financed with Zero-Interest Loans
that are open to the public or in which persons may be employed or reside must
be designed, constructed, or altered to be readily accessible to and usable by
disabled persons. Standards for these facilities must comply with the
Architectural Barriers Act of 1968, as amended, (42 U.S.C. 4151-4157).

(c) Uniform relocation assistance. Relocations in connection with these programs
are subject to 49 CFR part 24 as referenced by 7 CFR part 21 except that the
provisions in title III of the Uniform Act do not apply to these programs.

(d) Drug-free workplace. Grants made under these programs are subject to the
requirements contained in 2 CFR chapter IV which implements the Drug-Free
Workplace Act. RBDG recipients will be required to certify that it will
establish and make a good faith effort to maintain a drug-free workplace
program.

(e) Debarment and suspension. The requirements of 2 CFR chapter IV are
applicable to this program.

(f) Intergovernmental review of Federal programs. These programs are subject to
the requirements of Executive Order 12372 and 2 CFR chapter IV. Proposed
Projects are subject to the State and local government review process contained
in 2 CFR chapter IV.

(g) Restrictions on lobbying. The restrictions and requirements imposed by 31
U.S.C. 1352, and 2 CFR chapter IV, are applicable to these programs.

(h) Earthquake hazards. These programs are subject to the seismic requirements
of the Earthquake Hazards Reduction Act of 1977 (42 U.S.C. 7701-7706).

(i) Affirmative fair housing. If applicable, the grantee will be required to
comply with the Affirmative Fair Housing Act (42 U.S.C. 3601-3631 and 24 CFR
part 100).

(j) Flood hazard insurance. The RBDG program is subject to the National Flood
Insurance Act of 1968 and the Flood Disaster Protection Act of 1973, as amended
by 42 U.S.C. 4001-4129 and 7 CFR part 1806, subpart B.

(k) Uniform administrative requirements, cost principles, and audit requirements
for Federal awards. The requirements of 2 CFR chapter IV, or its successor
regulations are applicable to this program.

(l) Planning and performing construction and other development. The requirements
of 7 CFR part 1924, subpart A, or its successor regulations, are applicable to
this program.

(m) Transparency Act. The requirements of 2 CFR part 170 are applicable to this
program.
§ 4280.411 Forms, guides, and attachments.

All forms, guides, and attachments referenced in this subpart are available
online at: http://forms.sc.egov.usda.gov/eForms/ or in any Rural Development
State office.
§§ 4280.412-4280.414 [Reserved]
Rural Business Development Grants
§ 4280.415
Rural Business Development Grants.

Sections 4280.416 through 4280.439 identify the provisions that the Agency will
use for making awards for Rural Business Development Grants.
Eligibility
§ 4280.416
Applicant eligibility.

To receive an RBDG under this subpart, an applicant must meet the requirements
specified in paragraphs (a) through (e) of this section. If an award is made to
an applicant, that applicant (grantee) must continue to meet the requirements
specified in this section. If the grantee does not, then grant funds may be
recovered from the grantee by the Agency in accordance with Departmental
Regulations.

(a) Type of applicant. The Applicant must be one of the following:

(1) A Public Body/Government Entity;

(2) An Indian Tribe; or

(3) A Nonprofit entity.

(b) Financial strength and expertise. The Applicant must have sufficient
financial strength and expertise in activities proposed in the application to
ensure accomplishment of the described activities and objectives.

(1) Financial strength will be analyzed by the Agency based on financial data
provided in the application. The analysis will consider the applicant's tangible
net worth, which must be positive, and whether the applicant has dependable
sources of revenue or a successful history of raising revenue sufficient to meet
cash requirements.

(2) Expertise will be analyzed by the Agency based on the applicant staff's
training and experience in activities similar to those proposed in the
application and, if consultants will be used, on the staff's experience in
choosing and supervising consultants.

(c) Universal identifier and system for awards management. Unless exempt under 2
CFR 25.110, the Applicant must:

(1) Be registered in the System for Awards Management (SAM) prior to submitting
an application;

(2) Maintain an active SAM registration with current information at all times
during which it has an active Federal award or an application under
consideration by the Agency; and

(3) Provide its Dun and Bradstreet Data Universal Numbering System (DUNS) number
in each application it submits to the Agency. Generally, the DUNS number is
included on Standard Form (SF) 424, "Application for Federal Assistance."

(d) Delinquent debt. The applicant must not have any delinquent debt to the
Federal Government. If an applicant has any delinquent debt to the Federal
Government, the applicant will be ineligible to receive any funds obligated
under this subpart until the debt has been paid.

(e) Legal authority and responsibility. Each Applicant must have the legal
authority necessary to apply for and carry out the purpose of the grant.
§ 4280.417
Project eligibility.

For a Project to be eligible for funding under this subpart, the proposed
Project must meet each of the requirements specified in paragraphs (a) through
(e) of this section.

(a) Types of projects. Grant funds may be used for Projects identified in either
paragraph (a)(1) of this section, business opportunity type grants, or paragraph
(a)(2) of this section, business enterprise type grants. Unless otherwise
announced in a Notice of Solicitation of Applications, the Agency will set aside
10 percent of its RBDG appropriation for business opportunity type grants. The
Agency reserves the right to reallocate funds set aside for business opportunity
type grants to business enterprise type grants if it becomes apparent to the
Agency that there is insufficient demand for the funds set aside for the
business opportunity type grants.

(1) Business opportunity Projects. Grant funds may be used for business
opportunity Projects that include one or more of the following activities:

(i) Identify and analyze business opportunities that will use local rural
materials or human resources. This includes opportunities in export markets, as
well as feasibility and business plan studies;

(ii) Identify, train, and provide Technical Assistance to existing or
prospective rural entrepreneurs and managers;

(iii) Establish Business Support Centers and otherwise assist in the creation of
new Rural businesses;

(iv) Conduct local community or multi-county Economic Development Planning;

(v) Conduct leadership development training of existing or prospective adult
rural entrepreneurs and managers;

(vi) Establish centers for training, technology, and trade that will provide
training to Rural businesses in the utilization of interactive communications
technologies to develop international trade opportunities and markets; or

(vii) Pay reasonable fees and charges for professional services necessary to
conduct the Technical Assistance, training, or planning functions.

(2) Business enterprise projects. Grant funds may be used to finance and/or
develop Small and Emerging Businesses in Rural Areas including, but not limited
to, the following activities:

(i) Acquisition and development of land, easements and rights-of-way;

(ii) Construction, conversion, enlargement, repairs or modernization of
buildings, plants, machinery, equipment, access streets and roads, parking
areas, utilities, and pollution control and abatement facilities;

(iii) Provision of loans for startup operating cost and working capital;

(iv) Reasonable fees and charges for professional services necessary for the
planning and development of the Project;

(v) Establishment of a revolving loan fund to provide financial assistance to
third parties through a loan; and

(vi) Establishment, expansion, and operation of Rural distance learning networks
or development of Rural learning programs that provide educational instruction
or job training instruction related to potential employment or job advancements
for adult students;

(vii) Provision of Technical Assistance for Small and Emerging Businesses,
including but not limited to feasibility studies and business plans; and/or

(viii) Provision of Technical Assistance and training to rural communities for
the purpose of improving passenger transportation services or facilities.

(b) Result of projects. (1) For business opportunity type grants, the Project
must have a reasonable prospect that the Project will result in the Economic
Development of a Rural Area.

(2) For business enterprise type grants, the Project must have a reasonable
prospect that it will result in the development or financing of Small and
Emerging Businesses.

(c) Basis for success or failure. Grants may be made only when the application
demonstrates a need for the Project and includes a basis for determining the
success or failure of the Project and individual major elements of the Project
and outlines procedures that will be taken to assess the Project's impact at its
conclusion.

(d) Local and area-wide strategic plans. Business opportunity type grants may be
made only when the proposed Project is consistent with any local and area-wide
strategic plans for community and Economic Development, coordinated with other
Economic Development activities in the Project area, and consistent with any
Rural Development State Strategic Plan.
§§ 4280.418-4280.420
[Reserved]
Funding Provisions
§ 4280.421
Term requirement.

A grant may be considered for the amount needed to assist with the completion of
a proposed Project, provided that the Project can reasonably be expected to be
completed within 1 full year after it has begun.
§ 4280.422
Joint funding.

To the extent permitted by law, Agency grant funds may be used jointly and in
proportion with funds furnished by the grantee or from other sources including
Agency loan funds.
§ 4280.423
Ineligible uses of grant funds.

Grant funds may not be used towards any of the uses identified in paragraphs (a)
through (n) of this section.

(a) Duplicate current services or substitute support previously provided. If the
current service is inadequate, however, grant funds may be used to expand the
level of effort or services beyond what is currently being provided.

(b) Pay costs of preparing the application package for funding under this
program or any other program.

(c) Pay costs for any expenses incurred prior to receipt of a full application,
except for those permitted under Departmental Regulations.

(d) Fund political activities.

(e) Pay for assistance to any private business enterprise which does not create
and/or support jobs in the United States.

(f) Pay any judgment or debt owed to the United States.

(g) Fund Agriculture Production either directly or through horizontally
integrated livestock operations except for commercial nurseries, timber
operations or limited Agricultural Production related to Technical Assistance
Projects. The following are not considered Agriculture Production:

(1) Aquaculture, including conservation, development, and utilization of water
for aquaculture;

(2) Commercial fishing;

(3) Commercial nurseries engaged in the production of ornamental plants and
trees and other nursery products such as bulbs, flowers, shrubbery, flower and
vegetable seeds, sod, and the growing of plants from seed to the transplant
stage;

(4) Forestry, which includes businesses primarily engaged in the operation of
timber tracts, tree farms, and forest nurseries and related activities such as
reforestation; or

(5) The growing of mushrooms or hydroponics.

(h) To finance comprehensive area-wide type Planning. This does not preclude the
use of grant funds for Planning for a given Project.

(i) To make loans when the rates, terms, and charges for those loans are not
reasonable or would be for purposes not eligible under 7 CFR part 4274, subpart
D.

(j) For programs operated by cable television systems.

(k) To fund a part of a Project that is dependent on other funding unless there
is a firm commitment of the other funding to ensure completion of the Project.

(l) To pay for Technical Assistance that duplicates assistance provided to
implement an action plan funded by the Forest Service (FS) under the National
Forest-Dependent Rural Communities Economic Diversification Act for 5 continuous
years from the date of grant approval by the FS. To avoid duplicate assistance,
the grantee shall coordinate with FS and the Agency to ascertain if a grant has
been made in a substantially similar geographical or defined local area in a
State for Technical Assistance under the FS program. The grantee will provide
documentation to FS and the Agency regarding the contact with each agency.

(m) Pass through grants. Pass through grants are for, but not limited to:

(1) The purchase, refurbishing, or remodeling of real estate for use as a
business incubator without charging a fair market rental;

(2) The purchase of equipment for use by an ultimate recipient without charging
a fair market rental; and

(3) The making of a Revolving Loan Fund (RLF) loan without taking appropriate
security to reasonably assure repayment of the loan.

(n) For a Project that would result in the transfer of existing employment or
business activity more than 25 miles from its existing location.
§§ 4280.424-4280.426
[Reserved]
Applying for a Grant
§ 4280.427
Application.

Applications for an RBDG grant as specified in § 4280.417(a)(1) and (2) must
contain the following:

(a) An original and one copy of SF 424, "Application For Federal Assistance (For
Non-construction);"

(b) Copies of applicant's organizational documents showing the applicant's legal
existence and authority to perform the activities under the grant;

(c) A proposed scope of work, including a description of the proposed Project,
e.g., RLF, Technical Assistance, Industrial Site, Business Opportunity and Other
Business Development, details of the proposed activities to be accomplished and
timeframes for completion of each task, the number of months duration of the
Project, and the estimated time it will take from grant approval to beginning of
Project implementation;

(d) A written narrative that includes, at a minimum, the following items:

(1) An explanation of why the Project is needed, the benefits of the proposed
Project, and how the Project meets the grant eligible purposes;

(2) Area to be served, identifying each governmental unit, i.e. town, county,
etc., to be affected by the Project;

(3) Description of how the Project will coordinate Economic Development
activities with other Economic Development activities within the Project area;

(4) Business to be assisted, if appropriate, and Economic Development to be
accomplished;

(5) An explanation of how the proposed Project will result in newly created,
increased, or supported jobs in the area and the number of projected new and
supported jobs within the next 3 years;

(6) A description of the applicant's demonstrated capability and experience in
providing the proposed Project assistance or similar EconomicDevelopment
activities, including experience of key staff members and persons who will be
providing the proposed Project activities and managing the Project;

(7) The method and rationale used to select the areas and businesses that will
receive the service;

(8) A brief description of how the work will be performed including whether
organizational staff or consultants or contractors will be used; and

(9) Other information the Agency may request to assist it in making a grant
award determination;

(e) The latest 3 years of financial information to show the applicant's
financial capacity to carry out the proposed work. If the applicant is less than
3 years old, at a minimum, the information should include all balance sheet(s),
income statement(s) and cash flow statement(s). A current audited report is
required if available;

(f) Intergovernmental review comments from the State Single Point of Contact, or
evidence that the State has elected not to review the program under Executive
Order 12372;

(g) Documentation regarding the availability and amount of other funds to be
used in conjunction with the funds from the RBDG;

(h) A budget which includes salaries, fringe benefits, consultant costs,
indirect costs, and other appropriate direct costs for the Project; and

(i) RBDG construction Project grants must conform with 7 CFR part 1924, subpart
A requirements.
§§ 4280.428-4280.429
[Reserved]
§ 4280.430
Notification of decision.

When the Agency has determined that an application is not eligible or that no
further action will be taken, the Agency will notify the applicant in writing of
the reasons why the application was not favorably considered and provide any
appeal rights.
§§ 4280.431-4280.433
[Reserved]
Processing and Scoring Applications
§ 4280.434
General processing and scoring provisions.

The Agency will review each application for assistance in accordance with the
priorities established in § 4280.435. The Agency will assign each application a
priority rating and will select applications for funding based on the priority
ratings and the total funds available to the program.

(a) Applications. The Agency will score each application based on the
information contained in the application and its supporting information. All
applications submitted for funding must contain sufficient information to permit
the Agency to complete a thorough priority rating.

(b) Unfunded applications. The Agency will notify eligible applicants if funds
are not available. If an applicant wishes to have their application maintained
in an active file for future consideration, the applicant must revise and update
their application in writing for the Agency to reconsider in a future funding
cycle.
§ 4280.435
Scoring criteria.

The Agency will use the criteria in this section to score applications for
purposes identified under § 4280.417(a)(1)and (2).

(a) Leveraging. If the grant will fund a critical element of a larger program of
Economic Development, without which the overall program either could not proceed
or would be far less effective, or if the program to be assisted by the grant
will also be partially funded from other sources, points will be awarded as
follows. If points are awarded for leveraging, funds must be spent
proportionally, and if leveraged funds are not utilized proportionately with the
grant, the Agency reserves the right to take any legal action, including
terminating the grant.

(1) If Rural Development's portion of Project funding is:

(i) Less than 20 percent--30 points;

(ii) 20 but less than 50 percent--20 points;

(iii) 50 but less than 75 percent--10 points; or

(iv) 75 percent or more--0 points.

(2) [Reserved]

(b) Points will be awarded for each of the following criteria met by the
community or communities that will receive the benefit of the grant. However,
regardless of the mathematical total of points indicated by paragraphs (b)(1)
through (4) of this section, total points awarded under this paragraph (b) must
not exceed 40.

(1) Trauma. Experiencing trauma due to a major natural disaster that occurred
not more than 3 years prior to the filing of the application for assistance--15
points;

(2) Economic distress. The community has suffered a loss of 20 percent or more
in their total jobs caused by the closure of a military facility or other
employers within the last 3 years--15 points;

(3) Long-term poverty. Has experienced Long-Term poverty as demonstrated by
being a former Rural empowerment zone, Rural economic area partnership zone,
Rural enterprise community, champion community, or a persistent poverty county
as determined by USDA's Economic Research Serviced--10 points;

(4) Population decline. Has experienced Long-Term population decline--10 points
as demonstrated by the latest three decennial censuses.

(c) Population. Proposed Project(s) will be located in a community of:

(1) Under 5,000 population--15 points;

(2) Between 5,000 and less than 15,000 population--10 points; or

(3) Between 15,000 and 25,000 population--5 points.

(d) Unemployment. Proposed Project(s) will be located in areas where the
unemployment rate:

(1) exceeds the State rate by 25 percent or more--20 points;

(2) exceeds the State rate by less than 25 percent--10 points; or

(3) is equal to or less than the State rate--0 points.

(e) Median household income. Proposed Project(s) will be located in areas where
Median Household Income (MHI) as prescribed by section 673(2) of the Community
Services Block Grant Act for a family of 4 for the State is:

(1) Less than poverty line--25 points;

(2) More than poverty line but less than 65 percent of State MHI--15 points;

(3) Between 65 and 85 percent of State MHI--10 points; or

(4) Greater than 85 percent State MHI--0 points.

(f) Experience. Applicant has evidence of successful experience in the type of
activity. Evidence of successful experience may be a description of experience
supplied and certified by the applicant based upon its current employees'
resumes:

(1) 10 or more years-30 points;

(2) At least 5 but less than 10 years-20 points;

(3) At least 3 but less than 5 years-10 points; or

(4) At least 1 but less than 3 years-5 points.

(g) Small business start-up or expansion. Applicant has evidence that small
business development will be supported by startup or expansion as a result of
the activities to be carried out under the grant. Written evidence of commitment
by a small, or a Small and Emerging Business must be provided to the Agency, and
should include the number of jobs that will be supported and created. 5 points
for each letter up to 25 points.

(h) Jobs created or supported. The anticipated development, expansion, or
furtherance of business enterprises as a result of the proposed Project will
create and/or support existing jobs associatedwith the affected businesses. The
number of jobs must be evidenced by a written commitment from the business to be
assisted.

(1) One job for less than $5,000--25 points;

(2) one job for $5,000 but less than $10,000--20 points;

(3) one job for $10,000 but less than $15,000--15 points;

(4) one job for $15,000 but less than $20,000--10 points; or

(5) one job for $20,000 but less than $25,000--5 points.

(i) Size of grant request. Grant Projects utilizing funds available under this
subpart of:

(1) less than $100,000--25 points;

(2) $100,000 to $200,000--15 points; or

(3) more than $200,000 but not more than $500,000--10 points.

(j) Indirect cost. Applicant is not requesting grant funds to cover their
administrative or indirect costs-5 points.

(k) Discretionary points. Either the State Director or Administrator may assign
up to 50 discretionary points to an application. Assignment of discretionary
points must include a written justification. Permissible justifications are
geographic distribution of funds, special Secretary of Agriculture initiatives
such as Priority Communities, or a state's strategic goals. Discretionary points
may only be assigned to initial grants. However, in the case where two Projects
have the same score, the State Director may add one point to the Project that
best fits the State's strategic plan regardless of whether the Project is an
initial or subsequent grant.
§§ 4280.436-4280.438
[Reserved]
Grant Awards and Agreement
§ 4280.439
Grant awards and agreements.

The Agency will award and administer RBDG grants in accordance with applicable
Departmental regulations, this subpart, and the unauthorized grant provisions of
7 CFR part 1951, subpart O.

(a) Letter of conditions. The Agency will provide each approved applicant a
letter of conditions, which sets out the conditions under which the grant will
be made, including, but not limited to, an Agency grant agreement.

(b) Applicant's intent to meet conditions. The applicant must complete, sign and
return a "Letter of Intent to Meet Conditions," to the Agency. If applicant
identifies certain conditions that the applicant cannot meet, the applicant may
propose alternate conditions to the Agency. The Agency must concur with any
changes proposed by the letter of conditions by the applicant before the any
grant will be made.
§§ 4280.440-4280.442
[Reserved]
Post Award Activities and Requirements
§ 4280.443
Grant monitoring and servicing.

RBDG grants will be monitored and serviced in accordance with the grant
agreement, this subpart, and 2 CFR chapter IV.
§§ 4280.444-4280.447
[Reserved]
§ 4280.448
Transfers and assumptions.

The Agency will approve transfer and assumption requests on grants awarded under
this subpart on a case by case basis, and then only to eligible entities under §
4280.416.
§§ 4280.449-4280.499
[Reserved]
§ 4280.500
OMB control number.

The reporting and recordkeeping requirements contained in this regulation have
been approved by the Office of Management and Budget (OMB) under the provisions
of 44 U.S.C. chapter 35 and have been assigned OMB control numbers 0570-0022 and
0570-0024 in accordance with the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995. You are not
required to respond to this collection of information unless it displays a valid
OMB control number.
Regulatory Text
Part 4284 Grants

7. The authority citation for part 4284 continues to read as follows:
Authority:

5 U.S.C. 301 and 7 U.S.C. 1989.

Subpart F also issued under 7 U.S.C 1932(e).

Subpart G also issued under 7 U.S.C 1926(a)(11).

Subpart J also issued under 7 U.S.C 1621 note.

Subpart K also issued under 7 U.S.C. 1621 note.
Subpart G--[Removed and Reserved]

8. Subpart G, consisting of §§ 4284.601 through 4284.700, is removed and
reserved.
Dated: March 6, 2015.
Lisa Mensah,
Under Secretary, Rural Development.
Dated: March 3, 2015.
Michael Scuse,
Under Secretary, Farm and Foreign Agricultural Services.
[FR Doc. 2015-06489 Filed 3-24-15; 8:45 am]
BILLING CODE 3410-XY-P

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: March 27, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             116 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            March 26, 2015 Thursday

Rural Business Development Grant

LENGTH: 9219  words


Washington, D.C.: This Rule document was issued by the Rural Business
Cooperative Service (RBS)

Action

Interim final rule with request for comments.
Summary

This Interim Final Rule is needed to ensure that the Agency will have a
regulation in place to meet the Congressional mandate established in Congress in
the Agricultural Act of 2014 (2014 Farm Bill). This mandate requires the Agency
to establish a new program called the Rural Business Development Grant Program
which combines the former Rural Business Enterprise Grant and Rural Business
Opportunity Grant programs. The Agency has made no substantive changes to either
the Rural Business Enterprise Grant or Rural Business Opportunity Grant programs
when combining these regulations into the Rural Business Development Grant
program.

Rural Development, Rural Business-Cooperative Service (RBS) is establishing a
new regulation for the Rural Business Development Grant (RBDG) program. The
program was established by the 2014 Farm Bill. The RBDG Program will combine the
Rural Business Enterprise Grant (RBEG) and the Rural Business Opportunity Grant
(RBOG) programs. There are no substantive programmatic changes to RBEG and RBOG
with this consolidation.
Dates

This Interim Final Rule is effective March 25, 2015. Written comments on this
Interim Final Rule must be received on or before May 26, 2015.
Addresses

You may submit comments on this Interim Final Rule by any of the following
methods:

Federal eRulemaking Portal: http://www.regulations.gov. Follow the instructions
for submitting comments. You can find the rule by searching the RIN number
0570-AA92.
    Mail: Submit written comments via the U.S. Postal Service to the Branch
Chief, Regulations and Paperwork Management Branch, U.S. Department of
Agriculture, 300 7th Street SW., 7th Floor, Washington, DC 20024.
    Hand Delivery/Courier: Submit written comments via Federal Express Mail or
other courier service requiring a street address to the Branch Chief,
Regulations and Paperwork Management Branch, U.S. Department of Agriculture, 300
7th Street SW., 7th Floor, Washington, DC 20024.

All written comments will be available for public inspection during regular work
hours at the 300 7th Street SW., 7th Floor address listed above.
For Further Information Contact

Melvin Padgett or Cindy Mason, Rural Development, Business Programs, U.S.
Department of Agriculture, 1400 Independence Avenue SW., Stop 3226, Washington,
DC 20250; email: Melvin.padgett@wdc.usda.gov or cindy.mason@wdc.usda.gov; at
(202) 720-1495 or (202) 690-1433, respectively.
Supplementary Information

Request for Comments: The Agency is interested in receiving comments on all
aspects of the Interim Final Rule. All comments should be submitted as indicated
in theADDRESSESsection of this preamble. The Agency is seeking specific comments
on whether or not to utilize this RBDG regulation to continue to process
television demonstration grants and regional commission grants which are
currently in 7 CFR part 1942, subpart G. And, whether or not to incorporate
grants for expansion of employment opportunities for individuals with
disabilities and health care services which were authorized in the 2008 Farm
Bill. The Agency is interested in considering all factors that affect the
public. Please be sure to include your rationale for your suggestions.

Additionally, in 2007, Rural Development published a proposed rule for RBEG,
however, a final rule was never published. Rural Development appreciates the
comments that were submitted on the proposed rule, and requests that reviewers
resubmit comments on this consolidated rule if they believe they are still
valid.
Executive Order 12866, Classification

This rule has been determined to be not significant for purposes of Executive
Order 12866 and has not been reviewed by the Office of Management and Budget
(OMB).
Programs Affected

The Catalog of Federal Domestic Assistance Program number assigned to the RBDG
is 10.351.
Environmental Impact Statement

This document has been reviewed in accordance with 7 CFR part 1940, subpart G,
"Environmental Program." Rural Development has determined that this action does
not constitute a major Federal action significantly affecting the quality of the
human environment and, in accordance with the National Environmental Policy Act
(NEPA) of 1969, 42 U.S.C. 4321 et seq., an Environmental Impact Statement is not
required.
Executive Order 12372, Intergovernmental Consultation

The program is subject to the provisions of Executive Order 12372, which
requires intergovernmental consultation with State and local officials.
Consultation will be completed at the time each grant is made.
Executive Order 12988, Civil Justice

This rule has been reviewed under Executive Order 12988, Civil Justice Reform.
The Agency has determined that this rule meets the applicable standards provided
in section 3 of the Executive Order. Additionally, (1) all State and local laws
and regulations thatare in conflict with this rule will be preempted; (2) no
retroactive effect will be given to the rule; and (3) administrative appeal
procedures, if any, must be exhausted before litigation against the Department
or its agencies may be initiated, in accordance with the regulations of the
National Appeals Division of the U.S. Department of Agriculture at 7 CFR part
11.
Executive Order 13132, Federalism

The policies contained in this rule do not have any substantial direct effect on
States, on the relationship between the National Government and the States, or
on the distribution of power and responsibilities among the various levels of
Government. Nor does this rule impose substantial direct compliance costs on
State and local Governments. Therefore, consultation with States is not
required.
Regulatory Flexibility Act Certification

Under section 605(b) of the Regulatory Flexibility Act, 5 U.S.C. 605(b), the
Agency certifies that this rule will not have a significant economic impact on a
substantial number of small entities. The Agency made this determination based
on the fact that this regulation only impacts those who choose to participate in
the program. Small entity applicants will not be impacted to a greater extent
than large entity applicants.
Unfunded Mandate Reform Act

This rule contains no Federal mandates (under the regulatory provisions of Title
II of the Unfunded Mandates Reform Act of 1995) for State, local, and Tribal
governments, or the private sector. Thus, this rule is not subject to the
requirements of sections 202 and 205 of the Unfunded Mandates Reform Act of
1995.
Executive Order 13175, Consultation and Coordination With Indian Tribal
Governments

This executive order imposes requirements on Rural Development in the
development of regulatory policies that have Tribal implications or preempt
Tribal laws. As previously noted, the consolidation of the RBEG and RBOG
programs through the publication of this Interim Final Rule will not institute
any substantive programmatic changes. However, since Congress has legislatively
mandated funds to benefit federally recognized Indian Tribes in both programs,
in the past, implementation of the RBDG program in future years may have
substantial and direct effects on one or more Indian Tribe(s).

Consequently, the consolidation of the RBEG and RBOG programs under the RBDG
program was featured in two Tribal Consultation webinars hosted by Rural
Development in fiscal year (FY) 2014. On April 2, 2014, Rural Development hosted
a Tribal Consultation webinar and teleconference that summarized significant
changes to its programs mandated by the 2014 Farm Bill. During the webinar, in
addition to summarizing the Farm Bill changes, Rural Development listed five
Farm Bill provisions that would likely require further consultation--including
the RBDG program. No objections were raised by participants to alter that
assumption.

On August 25, 2014, Rural Development hosted a Tribal Consultation webinar and
teleconference that covered the implementation of the RBDG program and the
Strategic Economic and Community Development (Section 6025) provision in great
depth. Again, no objections were raised by participants to alter the course of
implementation for either the RBDG program or Section 6025.

For further information regarding Rural Development's past Tribal Consultation
events or Rural Development's Tribal Consultation process, please contact Rural
Development's Native American Coordinator at (720) 544-2911 or AIAN@wdc.usda.gov

Paperwork Reduction Act

In accordance with the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995, this document announces
the intention of RBS to request information collection in support of the RBDG
program (7 CFR part 4280, subpart E). No new requirements have been added, but
it is the intent of the Agency to combine the two current Paperwork Reduction
Act packages into one. Until this paperwork burden is approved, the Agency will
utilize the current RBEG and RBOG paperwork burdens. These burdens are approved
under 0570-0022 and 0570-0024 respectively.

Estimate of Burden: Public reporting burden for this collection of information
is estimated to average 3.0 hours per response.

Respondents: Nonprofit corporations and public bodies.

Estimated Number of Respondents: 920.

Estimated Number of Responses per Respondent: 22.

Estimated Number of Responses: 20,517.

Estimated Total Annual Burden on Respondents: 64,773.

Comments on this document must be received by May 26, 2015 to be assured of
consideration.
E-Government Act Compliance

Rural Development is committed to complying with the E-Government Act, to
promote the use of the internet and other information technologies, to provide
increased opportunities for citizens to access Government information and
services electronically.
Good Cause

Rural Development is publishing this rule as an interim final rule for good
cause in that:

Rural Development anticipates going forward that Congress will only be providing
appropriations for RBDG and not for the RBOG and RBEG programs;

Since the RBEG and RBOG programs are being merged without substantive changes,
the public will not be unfamiliar with the new RBDG provisions; and

Making the RBDG rule an interim final rule will assure the continuity of
benefits historically provided under the RBOG and RBEG programs.

Additionally, notice and comment are not required because of the Administrative
Procedures Act exceptions for loans and grants at 5 U.S.C. 553(a)(2).
I. Background

Rural Development is charged with assisting, among other entities, the startup,
expansion, and the continuation of small and emerging businesses and/or
non-profits in rural communities. Rural Development supports this portion of the
overall mission through two grant programs, the RBEG and RBOG programs.

Rural Development makes RBEGs to public bodies and non-profit corporations so
that they may assist small and emerging businesses and/or non-profits in their
communities to create and support jobs. RBEG funds may be used to: Acquire or
develop land, buildings, plants, equipment; access streets and roads, parking
areas, utility extensions, necessary water and supply and waste disposal
facilities; provide technical assistance; establish revolving loan funds; and to
create, expand, or operate rural distance learning programs that provide
educational or job training instruction related to potential employment or job
advancement to adult students.

RBOG funds are made to public bodies and non-profit corporations to assist
businesses and/or non-profits intheir communities. RBOG funds may be used to
assist in the economic development of rural areas by providing technical
assistance, training, and planning for business and economic development.

In February 2014 the United States Congress passed the 2014 Farm Bill. This law
combined the RBEG and RBOG programs into one grant program, the RBDG program.
The Congressional Record emphasizes that the two programs should continue to
operate in essentially the same manner as they operated when they were separate
grant programs. Thus, Rural Development is publishing this Interim Final Rule to
meet the statutory requirements of the 2014 Farm Bill.

Grants made before the implementation of the RBDG program will continue to be
governed by the terms of the applicable RBOG and RBEG regulations in effect at
the time the grants were made together with any other applicable agreements.
II. Discussion of Changes

The Agency is publishing this Interim Final Rule to meet the statutory
requirements of the 2014 Farm Bill including revising the definition of rural
and rural areas to conform to the Consolidated Farm and Rural Development Act
definition. The 2014 Farm Bill consolidated the RBEG and RBOG programs into one
grant program while allowing both programs to operate essentially as they have
in the past. The Agency is soliciting comments to this new regulation and will
consider all comments received prior to publishing a Final Rule. Publishing this
Interim Final Rule will permit the Agency to provide continuous service to rural
small and emerging businesses, non-profit corporations, and local public bodies,
while requesting input from the public on their views of this grant program.

The Agency combined 7 CFR part 1942, subpart G and 7 CFR part 4284, subpart G
into the RBDG rule at 7 CFR part 4280, subpart E. Rural Development has also
integrated applicable general provisions of 7 CFR part 4284, subpart A into the
RBDG rule. Essentially, the Agency did not change any of the requirements of
either program but blended the two regulations into one and eliminated
duplicative portions so that there is only one set of requirements. The Agency
also combined definitions so that the public has one definition for both
programs as well as blended the scoring requirements of both former regulations.
Finally, the Agency blended the application processes into one streamlined set
of procedures under the RBDG funding, incorporating the statutory language of
the 2014 Farm Bill (7 U.S.C. 1932(c)) specifying how the funding would be split.

The U.S. Department of Agriculture and the Agency is adopting the new the U.S.
Department of Agriculture grant regulation at 2 CFR chapter IV for monitoring
and servicing RBDG funding. If this rule is published prior to new the U.S.
Department of Agriculture grant regulations being published and effective, the
Agency will comply with all applicable parts of 2 CFR chapter IV and chapter XXX
including 7 CFR parts 3015, 3016, 3019, and 3052.
List of Subjects

Civil rights, Compliance reviews, Fair housing, and Minority groups.

Business and Industry, Grant programs--Housing and Community development,
Industrial park, and Rural areas.

Business and Industry, Economic Development, Grant programs, Community
development, Industrial Sites, and Rural Areas.

Business and Industry, Economic Development, Grant programs--Housing and
Community development, and Rural Areas.

For the reasons set forth in the preamble, chapters XVIII and XLII, title 7, of
the Code of Federal Regulations are being amended as follows:
Regulatory Text
CHAPTER XVIII--RURAL HOUSING SERVICE, RURAL BUSINESS-COOPERATIVE SERVICE, RURAL
UTILITIES SERVICE, AND FARM SERVICE AGENCY, DEPARTMENT OF AGRICULTURE
Part 1901 Program Related Instructions

1. The authority citation for part 1901 is revised to read as follows:
Authority:

5 U.S.C. 301; 7 U.S.C. 1989; 40 U.S.C. 442; 42 U.S.C. 1480, 2942.
Subpart E--Civil Rights Compliance Requirements

2. Amend § 1901.204 by revising paragraph (a)(16) to read as follows:
§ 1901.204 Compliance reviews.

(a) * * *

(16) Rural Business Development Grants.

* * * * *
Part 1942 Associations

3. The authority citation for part 1942 continues to read as follows:
Authority:

5 U.S.C. 301; 7 U.S.C. 1989.
Subpart G--[Removed and Reserved]

4. Remove and reserve subpart G, consisting of §§ 1942.301 through 1942.350 and
Guides 1 and 2 to subpart G.
CHAPTER XLII--RURAL BUSINESS-COOPERATIVE SERVICE AND RURAL UTILITIES SERVICE,
DEPARTMENT OF AGRIGULTURE
Part 4280 Loans and Grants

5. The authority citation for part 4280 is revised to read as follows:
Authority:

5 U.S.C. 301: 7 U.S.C. 940c and 7 U.S.C. 1932(c).

6. Add subpart E to read as follows:
Subpart E--Rural Business Development Grants
General
Sec.
4280.401
Purpose.
4280.402
[Reserved]
4280.403
Definitions.
4280.404
Exception authority.
4280.405
Review or appeal rights.
4280.406
Conflict of interest.
4280.407
Statute and regulation references.
4280.408
U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA) departmental regulations and laws that
contain other compliance requirements.
4280.409
[Reserved]
4280.410
Other laws and regulations that contain compliance requirements for this
program.
4280.411
Forms, guides, and attachments.
4280.412-4280.414
[Reserved]
Rural Business Development Grants
4280.415
Rural Business Development Grants.
Eligibility
4280.416
Applicant eligibility.
4280.417
Project eligibility.
4280.418-4280.420
[Reserved]
Funding Provisions
4280.421
Term requirement.
4280.422
Joint funding.
4280.423
Ineligible uses of grant funds.
4280.424-4280.426
[Reserved]
Applying for a Grant
4280.427
Application.
4280.428-4280.429
[Reserved]
4280.430
Notification of decision.
4280.431-4280.433
[Reserved]
Processing and Scoring Application
4280.434
General processing and scoring provisions.
4280.435
Scoring criteria.
4280.436-4280.438
[Reserved]
Grant Awards and Agreements
4280.439
Grant awards and agreements.
4280.440-4280.442
[Reserved]
Post Award Activities and Requirements
4280.443
Grant monitoring and servicing.
4280.444-4280.447
[Reserved]
4280.448
Transfers and assumptions.
4280.449-4280.499
[Reserved]
4280.500
OMB control number.
General
§ 4280.401 Purpose.

This subpart implements the RBDG program administered by the Agency. Grants made
under this subpart will be made to eligible entities for use in funding various
business opportunity and business enterprise Projects that serve Rural Areas.
§ 4280.402 [Reserved]
§ 4280.403 Definitions.

Administrator. The Administrator of RBS or designees or successors.

Agency. Rural Business-Cooperative Service (RBS) or successor.

Agriculture Production. The cultivation, production, growing, raising, feeding,
housing, breeding, hatching, or managing of crops, plants, animals or birds,
either for fiber, food for human consumption, or livestock feed.

Arm's-length Transaction. The sale, release, or disposition of assets in which
the title to the property passes to a ready, willing, and able disinterested
third party that is not affiliated with or related to and has no security,
monetary, or stockholder interest in the grantee or transferor at the time of
the transaction.

Business Support Centers. Centers established to provide assistance to
businesses in such areas as counseling, business planning, training, management
assistance, marketing information, and locating financing for business
operations. The centers need not be located in a Rural Area, but must provide
assistance to businesses located in Rural Areas.

Departmental Grant Regulations. The USDA grant regulations at 2 CFR chapter IV.

Economic Development. The industrial, business and financial augmentation of an
area as evidenced by increases in total income, employment opportunities, value
of production, duration of employment, or diversification of industry, reduced
outmigration, higher labor force participation rates or wage levels or gains in
other measurements of economic activity, such as land values.

Indian Tribe (Tribal). Indian Tribes on Federal and State reservations and other
federally recognized Indian Tribal groups.

Industrial Site. The development of undeveloped real estate for uses which will
assist Small and Emerging Businesses.

Long-term. The period of time covered by the three most recent decennial
censuses of the United States to the present.

Nonprofit. An entity chartered as a nonprofit organization under applicable
State or Tribal law.

Other Business Development. Any business related activity that will assist Small
and Emerging Businesses and may include but is not limited to business
incubators, business training centers, and other training activity which leads
directly to Small and Emerging Business development.

Planning. A process to coordinate Economic Development activities, develop
guides for action, or otherwise assist local community leaders in the Economic
Development of Rural Areas.

Priority Communities. Communities targeted for Agency assistance as determined
by the U.S. Department of Agriculture Under Secretary for Rural Development that
are experiencing trauma due to natural disasters or are undertaking or
completing fundamental structural changes, have remained persistently poor, or
have experienced Long-Term population decline or job deterioration.

Project. The result of the use of grant funds provided under this subpart
through Technical Assistance or Planning relating to the Economic Development of
a Rural Area; or the result of the use of program funds (i.e., a facility
whether constructed by the applicant or a third party made with grant funds,
Technical Assistance, startup operating costs, or working capital). A revolving
fund established in whole or in part with grant funds will also be considered a
Project.

Public Bodies/Government Entity. Public Bodies include States, counties, cities,
townships, and incorporated towns and villages, boroughs, authorities,
districts, and education institutions organized under State and Federal laws,
and Indian Tribes.

Rural and Rural Area. As described in 7 U.S.C. 1991(a)(13)(A) and (D) et seq.

Small and Emerging Business. Any private and/or Nonprofit business which will
employ 50 or fewer new employees and has less than $1 million in gross revenue;
for retail operations, total sales minus cost of goods sold minus returns or for
a service organizations, gross revenue minus cost of providing service or for a
manufacturing operation it will be total sales minus cost of raw materials minus
the cost of production.

State. Any of the 50 States, the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico, the U.S. Virgin
Islands, Guam, American Samoa, the Commonwealth of the Northern Mariana Islands,
the Republic of Palau, the Federated States of Micronesia, and the Republic of
the Marshall Islands.

Technical Assistance. A function performed for the benefit of a private business
enterprise or a community and which is a problem solving activity, such as
market research, product and/or service improvement, feasibility study, etc., to
assist in the Economic Development of a Rural Area.
§ 4280.404 Exception authority.

The Administrator may make an exception, on a case-by-case basis, to any
requirement or provision of this subpart that is not inconsistent with any
authorizing statute or applicable law if the Administrator determines that
application of the requirement or provision would adversely affect the
Government's financial interest.
§ 4280.405 Review or appeal rights.

A person may seek a review of an Agency decision under this subpart from the
appropriate Agency official that oversees the program in question or appeal to
the National Appeals Division in accordance with 7 CFR part 11.
§ 4280.406 Conflict of interest.

(a) General. No conflict of interest or appearance of conflict of interest will
be allowed. For purposes of this subpart, Conflict of Interest includes, but is
not limited to, distribution or payment of grant, guaranteed loan funds, and
matching funds or award of Project construction contracts to an individual
owner, partner, or stockholder, or to a beneficiary or immediate family of the
applicant or grantee when the recipient will retain any portion of ownership in
the applicant's or grantee's Project. Grant and matching funds may not be used
to support costs for services or goods going to, or coming from, a person or
entity with a real or apparent conflict of interest. All transactions must be
Arm's-length Transactions.

(b) Assistance to employees, relatives, and associates. The Agency will process
any requests for assistance under this subpart in accordance with 7 CFR part
1900, subpart D.

(c) Member/delegate clause. No member of or delegate to Congress shall receive
any share or part of this grant or any benefit that may arise therefrom; but
this provision shall not be construed to bar, as a contractor under the grant, a
publicly held corporation whose ownership might include a member of Congress so
long as the member's ownership is less than 10 percent.
§ 4280.407 Statute and regulation references.

All references to statutes and regulations are to include any and all successor
statutes and regulations.
§ 4280.408 U.S. Department of Agriculture departmental regulations and laws that
contain other compliance requirements.

(a) Departmental regulations. All funded under this subpart are subject to the
provisions of the Departmental Regulations, as applicable, which are
incorporated by reference herein.

(b) Equal opportunity and nondiscrimination. The Agency will ensure that equal
opportunity and nondiscrimination requirements are met in accordance with the
Equal Credit Opportunity Act, 15 U.S.C. 1691 et seq. and 7 CFR part 15d,
"Nondiscrimination in Programs and Activities Conducted by the United State
Department of Agriculture." The Agency will not discriminate against applicants
on the basis of race, color, religion, national origin, sex, marital status, or
age (provided that the applicant has the capacity to contract); because all or
part of the applicant's income derives from any public assistance program; or
because the applicant has in good faith exercised any right under the Consumer
Credit Protection Act, 15 U.S.C. 1601 et seq.

(c) Civil rights compliance. Recipients of grants must comply with the Americans
with Disabilities Act of 1990, 42 U.S.C. 12101 et seq., Title VI of the Civil
Rights Act of 1964, 42 U.S.C. 2000d et seq., and section 504 of the
Rehabilitation Act of 1973, 29 U.S.C. 794. This may include collection and
maintenance of data on the race, sex, and national origin of the recipient's
membership/ownership and employees. The data must be available to conduct
compliance reviews.

(1) Initial compliance reviews will be conducted by the Agency prior to funds
being obligated.

(2) Grants will require one subsequent compliance review following Project
completion. This will occur prior to the last disbursement of grant funds.

(d) Environmental requirements. 7 CFR part 1940, subpart G or successor
regulation applies to this subpart. Prospective applicants are advised to
contact the Agency to determine environmental requirements as soon as
practicable after they decide to pursue any form of financial assistance
directly or indirectly available through the Agency.

(1) Any required environmental review must be completed by the Agency prior to
the Agency obligating any funds.

(2) The applicant will be notified of all specific compliance requirements,
including, but not limited to, the publication of public notices, and
consultation with State Historic Preservation Offices (or Tribal Historic
Preservation Offices where appropriate) and the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service.

(3) A site visit by the Agency may be scheduled, if necessary, to determine the
scope of the review.

(4) Applications for Technical Assistance or Planning Projects are generally
excluded from the environmental review process by § 1940.333 of this title
provided the assistance is not related to the development of a specific site.
However, as further specified in 7 CFR 1940.330, the grantee for a Technical
Assistance grant, in the process of providing Technical Assistance, must
consider the potential environmental impacts of the recommendations provided to
the recipient of the Technical Assistance.

(5) Applicants for grant funds must consider and document within their plans the
important environmental factors within the Planning area and the potential
environmental impacts of the plan on the Planning area, as well as the
alternative Planning strategies that were reviewed.

(6) Whenever an applicant files an application that includes a direct
construction Project and a plan, they must have a separate environmental
evaluation.

(e) Discrimination complaints--(1) Who may file. Persons or a specific class of
persons believing they have been subjected to discrimination prohibited by this
section may file a complaint personally, or by an authorized representative with
USDA, Director, Office of Adjudication, 1400 Independence Avenue SW.,
Washington, DC 20250.

(2) Time for filing. A complaint must be filed no later than 180 days from the
date of the alleged discrimination, unless the time for filing is extended by
the designated officials of USDA or the Agency.

(f) Uniform Relocation and Real Property Acquisition Policies Act. All Projects
must comply with the requirements set forth in 7 CFR part 21.

(g) Floodplains and wetlands. All Projects must comply with Executive Order
11988 "Floodplain Management" and Executive Order 11990 "Protection of
Wetlands." The applicable regulations are codified at 44 CFR parts 59 through
80.
§ 4280.409 [Reserved]
§ 4280.410 Other laws and regulations that contain compliance requirements for
this program.

(a) Equal employment opportunity. For all construction contracts and grants in
excess of $10,000, the contractor must comply with Executive Order 11246, as
amended by Executive Order 11375, and as supplemented by applicable Department
of Labor regulations (41 CFR part 60-1). The applicant is responsible for
ensuring that the contractor complies with these requirements.

(b) Architectural barriers. All facilities financed with Zero-Interest Loans
that are open to the public or in which persons may be employed or reside must
be designed, constructed, or altered to be readily accessible to and usable by
disabled persons. Standards for these facilities must comply with the
Architectural Barriers Act of 1968, as amended, (42 U.S.C. 4151-4157).

(c) Uniform relocation assistance. Relocations in connection with these programs
are subject to 49 CFR part 24 as referenced by 7 CFR part 21 except that the
provisions in title III of the Uniform Act do not apply to these programs.

(d) Drug-free workplace. Grants made under these programs are subject to the
requirements contained in 2 CFR chapter IV which implements the Drug-Free
Workplace Act. RBDG recipients will be required to certify that it will
establish and make a good faith effort to maintain a drug-free workplace
program.

(e) Debarment and suspension. The requirements of 2 CFR chapter IV are
applicable to this program.

(f) Intergovernmental review of Federal programs. These programs are subject to
the requirements of Executive Order 12372 and 2 CFR chapter IV. Proposed
Projects are subject to the State and local government review process contained
in 2 CFR chapter IV.

(g) Restrictions on lobbying. The restrictions and requirements imposed by 31
U.S.C. 1352, and 2 CFR chapter IV, are applicable to these programs.

(h) Earthquake hazards. These programs are subject to the seismic requirements
of the Earthquake Hazards Reduction Act of 1977 (42 U.S.C. 7701-7706).

(i) Affirmative fair housing. If applicable, the grantee will be required to
comply with the Affirmative Fair Housing Act (42 U.S.C. 3601-3631 and 24 CFR
part 100).

(j) Flood hazard insurance. The RBDG program is subject to the National Flood
Insurance Act of 1968 and the Flood Disaster Protection Act of 1973, as amended
by 42 U.S.C. 4001-4129 and 7 CFR part 1806, subpart B.

(k) Uniform administrative requirements, cost principles, and audit requirements
for Federal awards. The requirements of 2 CFR chapter IV, or its successor
regulations are applicable to this program.

(l) Planning and performing construction and other development. The requirements
of 7 CFR part 1924, subpart A, or its successor regulations, are applicable to
this program.

(m) Transparency Act. The requirements of 2 CFR part 170 are applicable to this
program.
§ 4280.411 Forms, guides, and attachments.

All forms, guides, and attachments referenced in this subpart are available
online at: http://forms.sc.egov.usda.gov/eForms/ or in any Rural Development
State office.
§§ 4280.412-4280.414 [Reserved]
Rural Business Development Grants
§ 4280.415
Rural Business Development Grants.

Sections 4280.416 through 4280.439 identify the provisions that the Agency will
use for making awards for Rural Business Development Grants.
Eligibility
§ 4280.416
Applicant eligibility.

To receive an RBDG under this subpart, an applicant must meet the requirements
specified in paragraphs (a) through (e) of this section. If an award is made to
an applicant, that applicant (grantee) must continue to meet the requirements
specified in this section. If the grantee does not, then grant funds may be
recovered from the grantee by the Agency in accordance with Departmental
Regulations.

(a) Type of applicant. The Applicant must be one of the following:

(1) A Public Body/Government Entity;

(2) An Indian Tribe; or

(3) A Nonprofit entity.

(b) Financial strength and expertise. The Applicant must have sufficient
financial strength and expertise in activities proposed in the application to
ensure accomplishment of the described activities and objectives.

(1) Financial strength will be analyzed by the Agency based on financial data
provided in the application. The analysis will consider the applicant's tangible
net worth, which must be positive, and whether the applicant has dependable
sources of revenue or a successful history of raising revenue sufficient to meet
cash requirements.

(2) Expertise will be analyzed by the Agency based on the applicant staff's
training and experience in activities similar to those proposed in the
application and, if consultants will be used, on the staff's experience in
choosing and supervising consultants.

(c) Universal identifier and system for awards management. Unless exempt under 2
CFR 25.110, the Applicant must:

(1) Be registered in the System for Awards Management (SAM) prior to submitting
an application;

(2) Maintain an active SAM registration with current information at all times
during which it has an active Federal award or an application under
consideration by the Agency; and

(3) Provide its Dun and Bradstreet Data Universal Numbering System (DUNS) number
in each application it submits to the Agency. Generally, the DUNS number is
included on Standard Form (SF) 424, "Application for Federal Assistance."

(d) Delinquent debt. The applicant must not have any delinquent debt to the
Federal Government. If an applicant has any delinquent debt to the Federal
Government, the applicant will be ineligible to receive any funds obligated
under this subpart until the debt has been paid.

(e) Legal authority and responsibility. Each Applicant must have the legal
authority necessary to apply for and carry out the purpose of the grant.
§ 4280.417
Project eligibility.

For a Project to be eligible for funding under this subpart, the proposed
Project must meet each of the requirements specified in paragraphs (a) through
(e) of this section.

(a) Types of projects. Grant funds may be used for Projects identified in either
paragraph (a)(1) of this section, business opportunity type grants, or paragraph
(a)(2) of this section, business enterprise type grants. Unless otherwise
announced in a Notice of Solicitation of Applications, the Agency will set aside
10 percent of its RBDG appropriation for business opportunity type grants. The
Agency reserves the right to reallocate funds set aside for business opportunity
type grants to business enterprise type grants if it becomes apparent to the
Agency that there is insufficient demand for the funds set aside for the
business opportunity type grants.

(1) Business opportunity Projects. Grant funds may be used for business
opportunity Projects that include one or more of the following activities:

(i) Identify and analyze business opportunities that will use local rural
materials or human resources. This includes opportunities in export markets, as
well as feasibility and business plan studies;

(ii) Identify, train, and provide Technical Assistance to existing or
prospective rural entrepreneurs and managers;

(iii) Establish Business Support Centers and otherwise assist in the creation of
new Rural businesses;

(iv) Conduct local community or multi-county Economic Development Planning;

(v) Conduct leadership development training of existing or prospective adult
rural entrepreneurs and managers;

(vi) Establish centers for training, technology, and trade that will provide
training to Rural businesses in the utilization of interactive communications
technologies to develop international trade opportunities and markets; or

(vii) Pay reasonable fees and charges for professional services necessary to
conduct the Technical Assistance, training, or planning functions.

(2) Business enterprise projects. Grant funds may be used to finance and/or
develop Small and Emerging Businesses in Rural Areas including, but not limited
to, the following activities:

(i) Acquisition and development of land, easements and rights-of-way;

(ii) Construction, conversion, enlargement, repairs or modernization of
buildings, plants, machinery, equipment, access streets and roads, parking
areas, utilities, and pollution control and abatement facilities;

(iii) Provision of loans for startup operating cost and working capital;

(iv) Reasonable fees and charges for professional services necessary for the
planning and development of the Project;

(v) Establishment of a revolving loan fund to provide financial assistance to
third parties through a loan; and

(vi) Establishment, expansion, and operation of Rural distance learning networks
or development of Rural learning programs that provide educational instruction
or job training instruction related to potential employment or job advancements
for adult students;

(vii) Provision of Technical Assistance for Small and Emerging Businesses,
including but not limited to feasibility studies and business plans; and/or

(viii) Provision of Technical Assistance and training to rural communities for
the purpose of improving passenger transportation services or facilities.

(b) Result of projects. (1) For business opportunity type grants, the Project
must have a reasonable prospect that the Project will result in the Economic
Development of a Rural Area.

(2) For business enterprise type grants, the Project must have a reasonable
prospect that it will result in the development or financing of Small and
Emerging Businesses.

(c) Basis for success or failure. Grants may be made only when the application
demonstrates a need for the Project and includes a basis for determining the
success or failure of the Project and individual major elements of the Project
and outlines procedures that will be taken to assess the Project's impact at its
conclusion.

(d) Local and area-wide strategic plans. Business opportunity type grants may be
made only when the proposed Project is consistent with any local and area-wide
strategic plans for community and Economic Development, coordinated with other
Economic Development activities in the Project area, and consistent with any
Rural Development State Strategic Plan.
§§ 4280.418-4280.420
[Reserved]
Funding Provisions
§ 4280.421
Term requirement.

A grant may be considered for the amount needed to assist with the completion of
a proposed Project, provided that the Project can reasonably be expected to be
completed within 1 full year after it has begun.
§ 4280.422
Joint funding.

To the extent permitted by law, Agency grant funds may be used jointly and in
proportion with funds furnished by the grantee or from other sources including
Agency loan funds.
§ 4280.423
Ineligible uses of grant funds.

Grant funds may not be used towards any of the uses identified in paragraphs (a)
through (n) of this section.

(a) Duplicate current services or substitute support previously provided. If the
current service is inadequate, however, grant funds may be used to expand the
level of effort or services beyond what is currently being provided.

(b) Pay costs of preparing the application package for funding under this
program or any other program.

(c) Pay costs for any expenses incurred prior to receipt of a full application,
except for those permitted under Departmental Regulations.

(d) Fund political activities.

(e) Pay for assistance to any private business enterprise which does not create
and/or support jobs in the United States.

(f) Pay any judgment or debt owed to the United States.

(g) Fund Agriculture Production either directly or through horizontally
integrated livestock operations except for commercial nurseries, timber
operations or limited Agricultural Production related to Technical Assistance
Projects. The following are not considered Agriculture Production:

(1) Aquaculture, including conservation, development, and utilization of water
for aquaculture;

(2) Commercial fishing;

(3) Commercial nurseries engaged in the production of ornamental plants and
trees and other nursery products such as bulbs, flowers, shrubbery, flower and
vegetable seeds, sod, and the growing of plants from seed to the transplant
stage;

(4) Forestry, which includes businesses primarily engaged in the operation of
timber tracts, tree farms, and forest nurseries and related activities such as
reforestation; or

(5) The growing of mushrooms or hydroponics.

(h) To finance comprehensive area-wide type Planning. This does not preclude the
use of grant funds for Planning for a given Project.

(i) To make loans when the rates, terms, and charges for those loans are not
reasonable or would be for purposes not eligible under 7 CFR part 4274, subpart
D.

(j) For programs operated by cable television systems.

(k) To fund a part of a Project that is dependent on other funding unless there
is a firm commitment of the other funding to ensure completion of the Project.

(l) To pay for Technical Assistance that duplicates assistance provided to
implement an action plan funded by the Forest Service (FS) under the National
Forest-Dependent Rural Communities Economic Diversification Act for 5 continuous
years from the date of grant approval by the FS. To avoid duplicate assistance,
the grantee shall coordinate with FS and the Agency to ascertain if a grant has
been made in a substantially similar geographical or defined local area in a
State for Technical Assistance under the FS program. The grantee will provide
documentation to FS and the Agency regarding the contact with each agency.

(m) Pass through grants. Pass through grants are for, but not limited to:

(1) The purchase, refurbishing, or remodeling of real estate for use as a
business incubator without charging a fair market rental;

(2) The purchase of equipment for use by an ultimate recipient without charging
a fair market rental; and

(3) The making of a Revolving Loan Fund (RLF) loan without taking appropriate
security to reasonably assure repayment of the loan.

(n) For a Project that would result in the transfer of existing employment or
business activity more than 25 miles from its existing location.
§§ 4280.424-4280.426
[Reserved]
Applying for a Grant
§ 4280.427
Application.

Applications for an RBDG grant as specified in § 4280.417(a)(1) and (2) must
contain the following:

(a) An original and one copy of SF 424, "Application For Federal Assistance (For
Non-construction);"

(b) Copies of applicant's organizational documents showing the applicant's legal
existence and authority to perform the activities under the grant;

(c) A proposed scope of work, including a description of the proposed Project,
e.g., RLF, Technical Assistance, Industrial Site, Business Opportunity and Other
Business Development, details of the proposed activities to be accomplished and
timeframes for completion of each task, the number of months duration of the
Project, and the estimated time it will take from grant approval to beginning of
Project implementation;

(d) A written narrative that includes, at a minimum, the following items:

(1) An explanation of why the Project is needed, the benefits of the proposed
Project, and how the Project meets the grant eligible purposes;

(2) Area to be served, identifying each governmental unit, i.e. town, county,
etc., to be affected by the Project;

(3) Description of how the Project will coordinate Economic Development
activities with other Economic Development activities within the Project area;

(4) Business to be assisted, if appropriate, and Economic Development to be
accomplished;

(5) An explanation of how the proposed Project will result in newly created,
increased, or supported jobs in the area and the number of projected new and
supported jobs within the next 3 years;

(6) A description of the applicant's demonstrated capability and experience in
providing the proposed Project assistance or similar EconomicDevelopment
activities, including experience of key staff members and persons who will be
providing the proposed Project activities and managing the Project;

(7) The method and rationale used to select the areas and businesses that will
receive the service;

(8) A brief description of how the work will be performed including whether
organizational staff or consultants or contractors will be used; and

(9) Other information the Agency may request to assist it in making a grant
award determination;

(e) The latest 3 years of financial information to show the applicant's
financial capacity to carry out the proposed work. If the applicant is less than
3 years old, at a minimum, the information should include all balance sheet(s),
income statement(s) and cash flow statement(s). A current audited report is
required if available;

(f) Intergovernmental review comments from the State Single Point of Contact, or
evidence that the State has elected not to review the program under Executive
Order 12372;

(g) Documentation regarding the availability and amount of other funds to be
used in conjunction with the funds from the RBDG;

(h) A budget which includes salaries, fringe benefits, consultant costs,
indirect costs, and other appropriate direct costs for the Project; and

(i) RBDG construction Project grants must conform with 7 CFR part 1924, subpart
A requirements.
§§ 4280.428-4280.429
[Reserved]
§ 4280.430
Notification of decision.

When the Agency has determined that an application is not eligible or that no
further action will be taken, the Agency will notify the applicant in writing of
the reasons why the application was not favorably considered and provide any
appeal rights.
§§ 4280.431-4280.433
[Reserved]
Processing and Scoring Applications
§ 4280.434
General processing and scoring provisions.

The Agency will review each application for assistance in accordance with the
priorities established in § 4280.435. The Agency will assign each application a
priority rating and will select applications for funding based on the priority
ratings and the total funds available to the program.

(a) Applications. The Agency will score each application based on the
information contained in the application and its supporting information. All
applications submitted for funding must contain sufficient information to permit
the Agency to complete a thorough priority rating.

(b) Unfunded applications. The Agency will notify eligible applicants if funds
are not available. If an applicant wishes to have their application maintained
in an active file for future consideration, the applicant must revise and update
their application in writing for the Agency to reconsider in a future funding
cycle.
§ 4280.435
Scoring criteria.

The Agency will use the criteria in this section to score applications for
purposes identified under § 4280.417(a)(1)and (2).

(a) Leveraging. If the grant will fund a critical element of a larger program of
Economic Development, without which the overall program either could not proceed
or would be far less effective, or if the program to be assisted by the grant
will also be partially funded from other sources, points will be awarded as
follows. If points are awarded for leveraging, funds must be spent
proportionally, and if leveraged funds are not utilized proportionately with the
grant, the Agency reserves the right to take any legal action, including
terminating the grant.

(1) If Rural Development's portion of Project funding is:

(i) Less than 20 percent--30 points;

(ii) 20 but less than 50 percent--20 points;

(iii) 50 but less than 75 percent--10 points; or

(iv) 75 percent or more--0 points.

(2) [Reserved]

(b) Points will be awarded for each of the following criteria met by the
community or communities that will receive the benefit of the grant. However,
regardless of the mathematical total of points indicated by paragraphs (b)(1)
through (4) of this section, total points awarded under this paragraph (b) must
not exceed 40.

(1) Trauma. Experiencing trauma due to a major natural disaster that occurred
not more than 3 years prior to the filing of the application for assistance--15
points;

(2) Economic distress. The community has suffered a loss of 20 percent or more
in their total jobs caused by the closure of a military facility or other
employers within the last 3 years--15 points;

(3) Long-term poverty. Has experienced Long-Term poverty as demonstrated by
being a former Rural empowerment zone, Rural economic area partnership zone,
Rural enterprise community, champion community, or a persistent poverty county
as determined by USDA's Economic Research Serviced--10 points;

(4) Population decline. Has experienced Long-Term population decline--10 points
as demonstrated by the latest three decennial censuses.

(c) Population. Proposed Project(s) will be located in a community of:

(1) Under 5,000 population--15 points;

(2) Between 5,000 and less than 15,000 population--10 points; or

(3) Between 15,000 and 25,000 population--5 points.

(d) Unemployment. Proposed Project(s) will be located in areas where the
unemployment rate:

(1) exceeds the State rate by 25 percent or more--20 points;

(2) exceeds the State rate by less than 25 percent--10 points; or

(3) is equal to or less than the State rate--0 points.

(e) Median household income. Proposed Project(s) will be located in areas where
Median Household Income (MHI) as prescribed by section 673(2) of the Community
Services Block Grant Act for a family of 4 for the State is:

(1) Less than poverty line--25 points;

(2) More than poverty line but less than 65 percent of State MHI--15 points;

(3) Between 65 and 85 percent of State MHI--10 points; or

(4) Greater than 85 percent State MHI--0 points.

(f) Experience. Applicant has evidence of successful experience in the type of
activity. Evidence of successful experience may be a description of experience
supplied and certified by the applicant based upon its current employees'
resumes:

(1) 10 or more years-30 points;

(2) At least 5 but less than 10 years-20 points;

(3) At least 3 but less than 5 years-10 points; or

(4) At least 1 but less than 3 years-5 points.

(g) Small business start-up or expansion. Applicant has evidence that small
business development will be supported by startup or expansion as a result of
the activities to be carried out under the grant. Written evidence of commitment
by a small, or a Small and Emerging Business must be provided to the Agency, and
should include the number of jobs that will be supported and created. 5 points
for each letter up to 25 points.

(h) Jobs created or supported. The anticipated development, expansion, or
furtherance of business enterprises as a result of the proposed Project will
create and/or support existing jobs associatedwith the affected businesses. The
number of jobs must be evidenced by a written commitment from the business to be
assisted.

(1) One job for less than $5,000--25 points;

(2) one job for $5,000 but less than $10,000--20 points;

(3) one job for $10,000 but less than $15,000--15 points;

(4) one job for $15,000 but less than $20,000--10 points; or

(5) one job for $20,000 but less than $25,000--5 points.

(i) Size of grant request. Grant Projects utilizing funds available under this
subpart of:

(1) less than $100,000--25 points;

(2) $100,000 to $200,000--15 points; or

(3) more than $200,000 but not more than $500,000--10 points.

(j) Indirect cost. Applicant is not requesting grant funds to cover their
administrative or indirect costs-5 points.

(k) Discretionary points. Either the State Director or Administrator may assign
up to 50 discretionary points to an application. Assignment of discretionary
points must include a written justification. Permissible justifications are
geographic distribution of funds, special Secretary of Agriculture initiatives
such as Priority Communities, or a state's strategic goals. Discretionary points
may only be assigned to initial grants. However, in the case where two Projects
have the same score, the State Director may add one point to the Project that
best fits the State's strategic plan regardless of whether the Project is an
initial or subsequent grant.
§§ 4280.436-4280.438
[Reserved]
Grant Awards and Agreement
§ 4280.439
Grant awards and agreements.

The Agency will award and administer RBDG grants in accordance with applicable
Departmental regulations, this subpart, and the unauthorized grant provisions of
7 CFR part 1951, subpart O.

(a) Letter of conditions. The Agency will provide each approved applicant a
letter of conditions, which sets out the conditions under which the grant will
be made, including, but not limited to, an Agency grant agreement.

(b) Applicant's intent to meet conditions. The applicant must complete, sign and
return a "Letter of Intent to Meet Conditions," to the Agency. If applicant
identifies certain conditions that the applicant cannot meet, the applicant may
propose alternate conditions to the Agency. The Agency must concur with any
changes proposed by the letter of conditions by the applicant before the any
grant will be made.
§§ 4280.440-4280.442
[Reserved]
Post Award Activities and Requirements
§ 4280.443
Grant monitoring and servicing.

RBDG grants will be monitored and serviced in accordance with the grant
agreement, this subpart, and 2 CFR chapter IV.
§§ 4280.444-4280.447
[Reserved]
§ 4280.448
Transfers and assumptions.

The Agency will approve transfer and assumption requests on grants awarded under
this subpart on a case by case basis, and then only to eligible entities under §
4280.416.
§§ 4280.449-4280.499
[Reserved]
§ 4280.500
OMB control number.

The reporting and recordkeeping requirements contained in this regulation have
been approved by the Office of Management and Budget (OMB) under the provisions
of 44 U.S.C. chapter 35 and have been assigned OMB control numbers 0570-0022 and
0570-0024 in accordance with the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995. You are not
required to respond to this collection of information unless it displays a valid
OMB control number.
Regulatory Text
Part 4284 Grants

7. The authority citation for part 4284 continues to read as follows:
Authority:

5 U.S.C. 301 and 7 U.S.C. 1989.

Subpart F also issued under 7 U.S.C 1932(e).

Subpart G also issued under 7 U.S.C 1926(a)(11).

Subpart J also issued under 7 U.S.C 1621 note.

Subpart K also issued under 7 U.S.C. 1621 note.
Subpart G--[Removed and Reserved]

8. Subpart G, consisting of §§ 4284.601 through 4284.700, is removed and
reserved.
Dated: March 6, 2015.
Lisa Mensah,
Under Secretary, Rural Development.
Dated: March 3, 2015.
Michael Scuse,
Under Secretary, Farm and Foreign Agricultural Services.
[FR Doc. 2015-06489 Filed 3-24-15; 8:45 am]
BILLING CODE 3410-XY-P

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: May 9, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             117 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                       The Harrodsburg Herald (Kentucky)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                  May 10, 2012

Grants to Aid Agricultural Producers, Cooperatives

BYLINE: The Harrodsburg Herald staff

LENGTH: 296  words


The United States Department of Agriculture (USDA) is accepting grant
applications to assist small, socially disadvantaged agricultural producers and
cooperatives in rural areas to spur job creation.

"The funding we are announcing represents USDA's continuing investment in
providing small business owners with the assistance they need to improve their
business operations and serve their communities by creating economic opportunity
for residents and training new generations of rural Americans to succeed in
business," said Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack.

For fiscal year 2012, approximately $3 million in grants are available through
USDA Rural Development's Small, Socially Disadvantaged Producer Grant Program
(SSDPG), which was authorized in the Food, Conservation, and Energy Act of 2008
(Farm Bill). It is part of the Department's ongoing effort to expand outreach to
rural residents to ensure that all communities have equal access to USDA
programs and services.

Rural Development State Director Tom Fern said funding is available to
cooperatives or associations of cooperatives where at least 75 percent of the
governing board or membership are small, socially disadvantaged producers.
Grants can be used for product improvements, business plan development or
economic development activities. The maximum grant award per applicant is
$175,000.

Applications forUSDARural Development's Small, Socially Disadvantaged Producer
Grants are due July 24. Application materials may be obtained at the Rural
Development website http://wwwjurdev.usda.gov/ or by contacting the nearest USDA
Rural Development State Office. For additional information, see the April 25,
2012, Federal Register, page 24678, or click here
http://www.gpo.gov/fdsys/pkg/FR-2012-04-25/htnu/2012-9997.htm.

LOAD-DATE: July 28, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Agriculture

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: HRB

                      Copyright 2012 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                     Copyright 2012 The Harrodsburg Herald


                             118 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          September 13, 2014 Saturday

Leahy, Sanders, Welch: VT Nets $2.3 Million For Rural Development

LENGTH: 810  words

DATELINE: Washington


Office of the Senator Patrick Leahy, U.S Government has issued the following
news release:

Senator Patrick Leahy (D-Vt.), Senator Bernie Sanders (I-VT) and Congressman
Peter Welch (D-VT) Friday announced $2.3 million in funding for rural
development in Vermont. The funding, under the new Farm Bill, has been awarded
to 13 organizations across the state through 16 grants and loans by the U.S.
Department of Agriculture (USDA) and will be utilized to foster job growth,
economic development and community initiatives.

In a joint statement, Leahy, Sanders and Welch said: "These investments
represent important commitments to growing rural small businesses and renewable
energy in Vermont.  From funding for farm fresh food in schools to developing
renewable on-farm biogas, the USDA continues to show strong support for rural
development.

Leahy added, "I'm also pleased that Vermont's REAP Zone status again is making a
difference in the Northeast Kingdom."

Leahy, the senior most member of the Senate Agriculture Committee, championed
the 2000 creation and 2014 renewal of Vermont's Rural Economic Area Partnership
(REAP) Zone in the 2014 Farm Bill, a designation that recognizes the unique
social and economic challenges in the rural communities of Caledonia, Essex and
Orleans Counties.  Vermont's REAP Zone is one of only five in the country, and
the designation increases the chances that a grant or loan application from the
region is funded. The Northeast Vermont REAP Zone has helped to channel millions
of investment dollars to the Northeast Kingdom.  Nine organizations receiving
awards were selected because of Vermont's Rural Economic Area Partnership Zone.

The announcement was made at the Intervale Community Farm in Burlington, Vt., by
United States Deputy Secretary of Agriculture Krysta Harden. The Intervale
Community Farm has benefited from these types of grants that have helped
Intervale Community Farm Cooperative Owner Andy Jones to connect with thousands
of consumers through direct sales.

Below is the list of the Vermont grants and loans:

Burke Area Chamber of Commerce:  $69,000 grant to increase awareness of the
Burke Area as a recreational destination.
    Center for Agricultural Economy (Hardwick):  $71,921 grant to conduct an
update of the regional food system plan focusing on business opportunities.
    Northern Community Investment Corporations (NCIC) (St. Johnsbury):
$1,000,000 Intermediary Relending Program Loan to make loans to small businesses
.  $100,000 grant to help businesses transition from fossil fuels to biomass
heating. $100,000 grant to create a business plan and establish priorities for
broadband in the Northeast Kingdom.  $250,000 grant to provide technical
assistance to small businesses.
    Northern Forest Center Inc. (Concord,NH): $100,000 grant to develop and
align tourism offerings in the Northeast Kingdom by providing social media,
marketing and communications training.
    Rutland Regional Planning Commission: $45,000 grant to create a training
toolkit focused on best practices, business how-to, legal and financial info for
agritourism entrepreneurs.
    Saint Johnsbury Works Inc.: $76,160 grant to target market-needed
businesses, provide support services for the Lamoille Valley Rail Trail, upgrade
the downtown organization website, create an economic development dashboard, and
strengthen organizational management.
    Sterling College (Craftsbury Commons):  $25,499 grant to hire an internship
development coordinator to help small businesses understand the tax and
insurance implications of paid interns.
    Vermont Agency of Agriculture:  $97,433 grant to study using gas produced by
manure digesters to create on-farm renewable natural gas (RNG) to power
on-and-off-farm vehicles and machinery.
    Vermont Council on Rural Development: $100,000 grant to conduct four
community visits across the Northeast Kingdom to help bring communities together
and set community and economic development priorities.
    Vermont Farm-to-school Inc. (Newport):  $102,010 grant to expand the
viability of agricultural-related businesses by increasing marketing and
distribution opportunities to schools and institutions.
    Vermont Housing and Conservation Board:  $129,998 grant to provide in-depth
business planning services, through the Farm Viability Program, to farm, food
and forest-based businesses throughout Caledonia, Essex and Orleans Counties.
    Vermont State Colleges:  $32,501 grant to fund an eCommerce business advisor
to provide technical assistance and manage, teach, and develop broadband
business workshops.
    West River Community Project (Townshend):  $50,000 grant to purchase
commercial equipment for a small community kitchen in the West Townshend Country
Store.


In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: September 14, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             119 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Lincoln Journal Star (Nebraska)

                          September 1, 2010 Wednesday

Grants to help rural businesses in Nebraska;

BYLINE: Lincoln Journal Star

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. A4

LENGTH: 317 words


Nebraska has received more than $250,000 from the U.S. Department of Agriculture
to help with rural business development.

The grants, totaling $250,030, were announced Tuesday and will go to three
projects in the state.

· The Center for Rural Affairs will use a $99,000 grant to facilitate the
development of small and emerging rural businesses and to increase the number of
jobs created by these small and emerging rural businesses. This goal will be
achieved through training and technical assistance provided through an
entrepreneurial event, MarketPlace: Opening Doors for Success.

The Nebraska MarketPlace is a proven vehicle for developing small rural
businesses and creating jobs. It has been held in Nebraska since 2007, averaging
more than 500 in attendance every year. The applicant has initiated events in
Colorado and Kansas; this grant will help initiate an event in South Dakota.
Introduction of the event into South Dakota as a pilot will gauge the interest
and measure the attendance at MarketPlace. The project is expected to create 42
jobs.

· The Village of Cody received a $95,000 grant to construct a 3,000-square foot
straw building to house the "Student Education and Economic Development in the
Sandhills" project, a grocery store, business incubator and facilitate as the
entrepreneurship training and incubator center for Cody and surrounding area.
Fifteen jobs are expected to be created.

· A Nebraska and Kansas shared project will be through McCook Economic
Development Corp., which received a $56,030 grant to provide technical
assistance to new and existing rural small businesses through a business
coaching program.

The geographic distribution of funds will be to seven counties south of the I-80
corridor in southwest Nebraska (Frontier, Furnas, Hayes, Hitchcock, Red Willow)
and northwest Kansas (Decatur, Rawlins). The project is expected to create 27
jobs and retain five jobs.

LOAD-DATE: September 1, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2010 Lincoln Journal Star
                              All Rights Reserved


                             120 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Bangor Daily News (Maine)

                           August 24, 2016 Wednesday

Grant will assist New Canada farm business

LENGTH: 321 words

DATELINE: BANGOR


- A local company is among five Maine organizations that will receive a total of
$290,000 in Rural Business Development Grants to help create jobs and economic
growth across the state, USDA Rural Development State Director Virginia Manuel
announced Aug. 24.


"These grants will assist 142 rural Maine businesses and farms statewide in
implementing important business development planning and training activities
that are anticipated to support or create a total of 160 jobs," Manuel said.
"The impact of this funding is far reaching and helps create opportunities for
future economic growth in Maine's rural communities. "


The town of New Canada has been selected to receive a grant of $82,990. Rural
Development funds will be used to acquire land and construct a garage and
workshop for lease to Allagash View Farm for use in its Christmas tree, wreath,
and proposed haskap berry operations. The project has the potential to create
two jobs and save four others. The project also will assist four businesses.


Other recipients are Maine Farmland Trust, Inc., of Belfast, $54,000 for a
technical assistance program; the City of Eastport, $27,000 for a feasibility
study for a high-tech incubator and training facility; the Maine Federation of
Farmers' Markets in Pittsfield, $66,510 to evaluate the economic impact and
growth capacity of Maine's rural farmers' markets; and the Somerset Economic
Development Corporation of Skowhegan, $59,500 to acquire equipment for lease to
Maine Grains for a grain handling project.


USDA Rural Development Rural Business Development Grants are designed to support
targeted technical assistance, training and other activities leading to the
development or expansion of small and emerging private businesses in rural
areas. For more information on how to apply, visit http://www.rd.usda.gov/me or
contact Dean Churchill at 990-9168.


USDA Rural Development's Aroostook County office is in Presque Isle.

LOAD-DATE: August 24, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2016 Bangor Daily News


                             121 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Bangor Daily News (Maine)

                           August 24, 2016 Wednesday

Grant will assist New Canada farm business

LENGTH: 321 words

DATELINE: BANGOR


- A local company is among five Maine organizations that will receive a total of
$290,000 in Rural Business Development Grants to help create jobs and economic
growth across the state, USDA Rural Development State Director Virginia Manuel
announced Aug. 24.


"These grants will assist 142 rural Maine businesses and farms statewide in
implementing important business development planning and training activities
that are anticipated to support or create a total of 160 jobs," Manuel said.
"The impact of this funding is far reaching and helps create opportunities for
future economic growth in Maine's rural communities. "


The town of New Canada has been selected to receive a grant of $82,990. Rural
Development funds will be used to acquire land and construct a garage and
workshop for lease to Allagash View Farm for use in its Christmas tree, wreath,
and proposed haskap berry operations. The project has the potential to create
two jobs and save four others. The project also will assist four businesses.


Other recipients are Maine Farmland Trust, Inc., of Belfast, $54,000 for a
technical assistance program; the City of Eastport, $27,000 for a feasibility
study for a high-tech incubator and training facility; the Maine Federation of
Farmers' Markets in Pittsfield, $66,510 to evaluate the economic impact and
growth capacity of Maine's rural farmers' markets; and the Somerset Economic
Development Corporation of Skowhegan, $59,500 to acquire equipment for lease to
Maine Grains for a grain handling project.


USDA Rural Development Rural Business Development Grants are designed to support
targeted technical assistance, training and other activities leading to the
development or expansion of small and emerging private businesses in rural
areas. For more information on how to apply, visit http://www.rd.usda.gov/me or
contact Dean Churchill at 990-9168.


USDA Rural Development's Aroostook County office is in Presque Isle.

LOAD-DATE: August 29, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2016 Bangor Daily News


                             122 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Bangor Daily News (Maine)

                           August 24, 2016 Wednesday

Grant will assist New Canada farm business

LENGTH: 321 words

DATELINE: BANGOR


- A local company is among five Maine organizations that will receive a total of
$290,000 in Rural Business Development Grants to help create jobs and economic
growth across the state, USDA Rural Development State Director Virginia Manuel
announced Aug. 24.


"These grants will assist 142 rural Maine businesses and farms statewide in
implementing important business development planning and training activities
that are anticipated to support or create a total of 160 jobs," Manuel said.
"The impact of this funding is far reaching and helps create opportunities for
future economic growth in Maine's rural communities. "


The town of New Canada has been selected to receive a grant of $82,990. Rural
Development funds will be used to acquire land and construct a garage and
workshop for lease to Allagash View Farm for use in its Christmas tree, wreath,
and proposed haskap berry operations. The project has the potential to create
two jobs and save four others. The project also will assist four businesses.


Other recipients are Maine Farmland Trust, Inc., of Belfast, $54,000 for a
technical assistance program; the City of Eastport, $27,000 for a feasibility
study for a high-tech incubator and training facility; the Maine Federation of
Farmers' Markets in Pittsfield, $66,510 to evaluate the economic impact and
growth capacity of Maine's rural farmers' markets; and the Somerset Economic
Development Corporation of Skowhegan, $59,500 to acquire equipment for lease to
Maine Grains for a grain handling project.


USDA Rural Development Rural Business Development Grants are designed to support
targeted technical assistance, training and other activities leading to the
development or expansion of small and emerging private businesses in rural
areas. For more information on how to apply, visit http://www.rd.usda.gov/me or
contact Dean Churchill at 990-9168.


USDA Rural Development's Aroostook County office is in Presque Isle.

LOAD-DATE: August 24, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2016 Bangor Daily News


                             123 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Bangor Daily News (Maine)

                           August 24, 2016 Wednesday

Grant will assist New Canada farm business

LENGTH: 321 words

DATELINE: BANGOR


- A local company is among five Maine organizations that will receive a total of
$290,000 in Rural Business Development Grants to help create jobs and economic
growth across the state, USDA Rural Development State Director Virginia Manuel
announced Aug. 24.


"These grants will assist 142 rural Maine businesses and farms statewide in
implementing important business development planning and training activities
that are anticipated to support or create a total of 160 jobs," Manuel said.
"The impact of this funding is far reaching and helps create opportunities for
future economic growth in Maine's rural communities. "


The town of New Canada has been selected to receive a grant of $82,990. Rural
Development funds will be used to acquire land and construct a garage and
workshop for lease to Allagash View Farm for use in its Christmas tree, wreath,
and proposed haskap berry operations. The project has the potential to create
two jobs and save four others. The project also will assist four businesses.


Other recipients are Maine Farmland Trust, Inc., of Belfast, $54,000 for a
technical assistance program; the City of Eastport, $27,000 for a feasibility
study for a high-tech incubator and training facility; the Maine Federation of
Farmers' Markets in Pittsfield, $66,510 to evaluate the economic impact and
growth capacity of Maine's rural farmers' markets; and the Somerset Economic
Development Corporation of Skowhegan, $59,500 to acquire equipment for lease to
Maine Grains for a grain handling project.


USDA Rural Development Rural Business Development Grants are designed to support
targeted technical assistance, training and other activities leading to the
development or expansion of small and emerging private businesses in rural
areas. For more information on how to apply, visit http://www.rd.usda.gov/me or
contact Dean Churchill at 990-9168.


USDA Rural Development's Aroostook County office is in Presque Isle.

LOAD-DATE: August 29, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2016 Bangor Daily News


                             124 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                              Western Morning News

                           February 16, 2017 Thursday

£12m EU funding available for projects that create rural jobs

SECTION: BUSINESS:OTHER; Pg. 7

LENGTH: 383  words


Rural and tourism businesses have a chance to bid for £12.4million of  EU
funding.

The European Agricultural Fund for Rural Development (EAFRD) fund is now
available to support projects that increase rural jobs, growth and productivity
in the Heart of the South West.

Steve Hindley, chairman of the Heart of the South West Local Enterprise
Partnership,  said:  "The rural economy is of great importance to the Heart of
the South West, and part of our Strategic Economic Plan is to build on our
distinctive assets which are partly attributed to our rural aspects.

"We encourage rural businesses and organisations with relevant project proposals
to apply for this new funding."

Rural businesses and organisations can now apply to the Rural Payments Agency
(RPA) for grants through the Rural Development Programme for England (RDPE)
Growth Programme.

Funding is split across three specific strands:

£2,784,740 for "rural business development grants" - farm businesses
diversifying into non-agricultural activity and new or existing micro and small
businesses (including social enterprises) in rural areas can apply for capital
grants between £35,000 and £170,000 to support business start-up or expansion.

£7,540,000 for "food processing grants" - new or existing food and drink
processing businesses (including farm businesses diversifying into food and
drink processing) can apply for capital grants from £35,000 to support business
start-up or expansion.

£2,088,555 for "rural tourism infrastructure" - rural businesses, farmers,
landowners, charities and public bodies can apply for capital grants from
£35,000 for projects that improve the local rural tourism offer by delivering
new or enhanced rural tourism assets and infrastructure.

There is a competitive and two-stage application process, comprising an
expression of interest and a full application. Match-funding is also required.

The Heart of the South West is one of the most rural LEP areas in the country,
with 91% of its land area classified as rural.

The business population spans both the rural and urban environment on a roughly
50/50 basis.

For projects with a funding agreement in place prior to the UK's exit from the
EU, funding will be guaranteed by Her Majesty's Treasury even if projects
continue beyond the UK's departure from the EU.

LOAD-DATE: February 15, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                           Copyright 2017 Localworld
                              All Rights Reserved


                             125 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                       The Quoddy Tides (Eastport, Maine)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                               September 27, 2013

Grant aids Holmes building renovation

BYLINE: The Quoddy Tides staff

LENGTH: 437  words


Two Washington County organizations have been selected to receive USDA Rural
Development grants. The Tides Institute & Museum of Art in Eastport has been
selected to receive a Community Facility Rural Economic Impact Initiative Grant
in the amount of $50,000. Funds will be used to complete renovations to the
Holmes building in downtown East-port. The improvements will assist in creating
regional and community studio space for local and visiting artists along with
improved accommodations for the community cultural and educational services.

The Washington-Hancock Community Agency (WHCA) in Machias has been selected to
receive a Rural Business Opportunity Grant in the amount of $35,000. Funds will
be used to support the Incubator Without Walls (IWW) and Entrepreneurship for
Enterprising Youth (EEY) programs. IWW provides participants with business
training, technical assistance and business counseling. As a complement to the
IWW program, WHCA plans to roll out its first ever EEY program. This program is
for high school juniors and seniors who have demonstrated an interest in
creating their own business or earning a living through self-employment.

In addition, Four Directions Development Corporation in Orono has been selected
to receive a Rural Business Opportunities Grant in the amount of $44,400. Funds
will be used to foster business development and asset building through basic
computer, financial and business literacy training, enhanced by ongoing business
technical assistance. As part of the organization's Wabanaki Asset Building
Initiative, the program will assist Native American entrepreneurs and artisans
in advancing skills for making their businesses more prosperous and sustainable.

The grants were among those announced during the September 18 meeting of the
White House Rural Council with officials from economic development districts,
county governments and nonprofit organizations to discuss ways to replicate
successful regional economic development strategies.

USDA Rural Development State Director Virginia Manuel says, "Two key leaders
from Maine are participating in this important meeting of the White House Rural
Council. Sunrise County Economic Council Executive Director Harold Clossey and
Northern Maine Development Commission Executive Director Robert Clark are
participating in today's conversation on creating economic development
strategies in rural communities. These organizations are valuable partners in
promoting economic growth for businesses and community organizations in
Washington and Aroostook counties, and are critical partners in Maine's Great
Regions Initiative."

LOAD-DATE: August 6, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Local Government

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: QDY

                      Copyright 2013 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                        Copyright 2013 The Quoddy Tides


                             126 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Palestine Herald-Press (Texas)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             July 8, 2010 Thursday

Seminar to focus on small business

BYLINE: Cheril Vernon, Palestine Herald-Press, Texas

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 343 words


July 08--The Palestine Area Chamber of Commerce's monthly business seminar for
July will be "Assistance Available For Small Emerging Businesses," presented by
United States Department of Agriculture's Rural Development.

The seminar will be held from 11:30 a.m. to 1 p.m. July 19 at Ben E. Keith
Community Room, 2019 W. Oak St.

Seminar presenter will be Denise A. Bentley, Rural Development Manager, USDA
Rural Development, Canton office. Bentley was appointed the Rural Development
Manager in the Canton office on May 16, 2004, where she is responsible for a
six-county area, including Anderson, Henderson, Rains, Smith, Van Zandt and Wood
counties.

"USDA Rural Development is committed to the economic growth of rural areas. It
is our mission to deliver programs in a way that will support increasing
economic opportunities and improve the quality of life of rural residents,"
Bentley said.

The seminar will discuss:

-- Business and industry guaranteed loans

--Rural business enterprise grants

--Value added producer grants

--Renewable energy grants

--Energy efficiency grants

--Renewable energy grants

"USDA Rural Development has various assistance available to small businesses as
well as assistance to municipalities and economic development corporations that
can help with encouraging small businesses to come to your city," Bentley said.

Cost is $5 to register per person (includes meal). Reservations are preferred.
Credit cards are accepted.

The seminar is sponsored by Palestine Economic Development Corp.

Call the Chamber at 903-729-6066 or e-mail: palestineareacofc@earthlink.net to
reserve space.

To see more of the Palestine Herald-Press, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go
to http://www.palestineherald.com/. Copyright (c) 2010, Palestine Herald-Press,
Texas Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For more
information about the content services offered by McClatchy-Tribune Information
Services (MCT), visit www.mctinfoservices.com, e-mail
services@mctinfoservices.com, or call 866-280-5210 (outside the United States,
call +1 312-222-4544).

LOAD-DATE: July 9, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20100708-PQ-Seminar-to-focus-on-small-business-20100708

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: PQ


                     Copyright 2010 Palestine Herald-Press


                             127 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               Carmarthen Journal

                                  July 6, 2011
                                   Edition 1;
                                National Edition

Firm celebrating after grant cash boosts enterprise

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. 46

LENGTH: 398 words


A CARMARTHENSHIRE business has expanded the services it offers thanks to a grant
from the Rural Conversion Grant Fund.

Roger and Simone Broome, the owners of Penybanc Business Services, are
celebrating a £30,378 grant to convert redundant calving shed and dairy
buildings into meeting, event and conference facilities.

The enterprise, which was set up earlier this year as a spin-off business from
the adjacent Ceridwen Centre, has officially opened its new business premises at
Drefelin, Drefach Felindre.

Carmarthenshire Council is behind the Rural Conversion Grant Fund, which is
aimed at creating jobs and regenerating rural parts of the area. The authority
has received funding to deliver the project through the Rural Development Plan
for Wales 2007-2013, which is funded by the Welsh Government and the European
Agricultural Fund for Rural Development. The Penybanc Business Services project
will safeguard two and a half jobs and create one new full-time position.

Owner Roger Broome said he was delighted with the grant funding and that it had
been a longstanding ambition to develop the old dairy and calving shed.

Limitations He said: "Having established the Ceridwen Centre in 2004 the
business has grown year on year, but due to limitations with regard to
flexibility of use and available space the business has been unable to satisfy a
demand for catered courses, midweek business day courses, meeting and function
room bookings and multi group bookings.

"The establishment of Penybanc Business Services and development of the
buildings will enable the concurrent delivery of activities, delivery of fully
catered courses and events, the development of management training and team
building courses, and meeting and function room hire."

The Rural Conversion Grant is part of a major package of funding to support
businesses in Carmarthenshire.

The council's project officer Mike Bull said: "The aim of the grant scheme is to
assist the physical and economic regeneration of rural Carmarthenshire."

Executive board member for regeneration and leisure Cllr Clive Scourfield said:
"The Rural Conversion Grant provides entrepreneurs in rural areas with the
opportunity to expand safeguard or establish their business.

"It marks a major step forward in the ongoing regeneration of the county and
supports the innovative work that the council is leading to support and develop
our communities."

LOAD-DATE: July 6, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: CRJ


                       Copyright 2011 Carmarthen Journal
                              All Rights Reserved


                             128 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                     The Vindicator (Valley Falls, Kansas)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                 April 15, 2010

Rural Development has funds for business development

BYLINE: The Valley Falls Vindicator staff

LENGTH: 285  words


USDA Rural Development Business Programs Director Karissa Berks announced that
USDA is accepting applications for business and community development grants to
help rural communities create wealth, attract more residents and become
economically self-sustaining.

The funding is being provided through the Rural Business Opportunity Grant
program, which provides grants for technical assistance and planning activities
to improve economic conditions in rural cities or towns of 50,000 people or
fewer.

"Small businesses are the backbone of our rural economy, their entrepreneurial
spirit and commitment to their community is helping to create jobs and bring
economic stability to rural communities across Kansas. These grants will provide
much needed investment for more rural businesses to flourish. USDA funds,
combined with the agency's valuable technical assistance which supports local
leadership, helps make these beneficial rural businesses a reality," commented
Berks.

Funding under the RBOG program can be used to pay for economic planning,
technical assistance, and training for rural communities, entrepreneurs or
economic development officials. Under this round of funding, priority
consideration will be given to applications that best demonstrate strong
regional or multi-jurisdiction-al collaboration, referred to as "great regions,"
leadership capacity, and those that represent varying demographics (including
underserved and under-represented communities). The amount of funding available
is $2.48 million.

Applications are due June 28. To be eligible for funding, an applicant must be a
public body, non-profit corporation, Indian Tribe or cooperative with members
that are primarily rural residents.

LOAD-DATE: October 23, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Business

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: VFV

                      Copyright 2010 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                         Copyright 2010 The Vindicator


                             129 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                 Hobart Mercury

                            June 17, 1992 Wednesday

BYLINE: POS MARGARETTA

LENGTH: 395 words


Two grants will seed growth of rural business By MARGARETTA POS Rural Reporter
THE Federal Government yesterday approved two grants of $50,000 to assist two
community groups in Tasmania in the development of rural businesses.

King Island Development Inc and the Kentish Development Agency in the North-West
were given money to employ facilitators to assist rural businesses.

The grants are for one year initially. Subject to an annual review, they could
be extended to three years.

In all, the Federal Government granted $350,000 under the Business Advice for
Rural Areas scheme to incorporated community groups in Tasmania, South Australia
and the Northern Territory.

The Minister for Primary Industries and Energy, Mr Simon Crean, said the grants
would assist two community groups in Tasmania, four in South Australia and one
in the Northern Territory.

The Bara scheme provides grants of up to $50,000 a year to rural and remote
community groups to employ business facilitators.

"The facilitator's main role is to act as a focus and stimulus for country
communities to influence and direct local economic development," Mr Crean said.

"The facilitator will encourage sustainable economic development in rural
communities through enterprise development which will lead to additional job
opportunities." The secretary of the Kentish Development Agency, Ms Anne Fench,
said yesterday the agency aimed to create 12 new jobs within 12 months by
helping to set up new small businesses and by helping existing small businesses
to expand.

Ms Fench said the agency also hoped to save 12 jobs by assisting businesses in
trouble.

The Kentish Development Agency plans to have a facilitator working out of
Sheffield and Railton by September.

The chairwoman of King Island Enterprise Development Inc, Ms Trish Mobb, said
the group was formed because of the adverse effect on business from the closure
of the mining town of Grassy.

"The official unemployment figure is about 12 per cent on King Island," she
said.

"But it is closer to 20 per cent when you take into account the number of
married women who are out of work but who are not registered as unemployed."
Meanwhile, the Federal Government has granted $36,066 for a telecentre in Cygnet
in southern Tasmania, the second in Australia.

The grant was made under the Rural Access Program.

LOAD-DATE: September 27, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: SIMON CREAN920CPTE

JOURNAL-CODE: MER

                   Copyright 1992 Nationwide News Pty Limited


                             130 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                 Hidalgo County Herald (Lordsburg, New Mexico)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                               February 15, 2013

Grant funding available for Rural Business Development

BYLINE: Hidalgo County Herald staff

LENGTH: 564  words


USDA Rural Development State Director Terry Brunner announced his agency is now
accepting applications for the Rural Business Enterprise Grant (RBEG) program.

In making the announcement Brunner said, "The RBEG program is one of the most
flexible economic development opportunities offered by USDA Rural Development to
create jobs, something the Obama administration has worked hard to do." He
added, "In the past the RBEG has been used to fund business incubators,
feasibility studies, business plans, and it has financed technical assistance
programs for business development."

The RBEG funding is made available to public bodies, nonprofit organizations,
public and private nonprofit institutions of higher education, and Indian tribes
to facilitate and finance the development of small and emerging private business
enterprises in rural communities and cities up to 50, 000 in population.

The grant funds can be used to finance and facilitate the development of small,
private, business enterprises which is any private business that employs 50 or
fewer new employees and has less than $1 million in projected gross revenues.
The RBEG funds can also be used to pay for technical assistance for such things
as feasibility studies, business plans, business development training, or
workshops. However, by regulation this financial assistance cannot be granted
directly to a private business. The RBEG financing is granted to a non-profit or
a governmental agency that sets up a revolving loan fund and then makes a loan
to a private business.

Applications are selected for funding based on an established competitive
scoring process. Priority will be given to application requests of $50, 000 or
less. Additionally, applications will receive discretionary points for projects
that support the agency and department goals in the following categories:

Renewable energy

Local food systems and value-added agriculture

Support of cooperatives

Business programs in persistent poverty counties (Catron, Cibola, Dona Ana,
Guadalupe, Luna, McKinley, Mora, Rio Arriba, Roosevelt, San Juan, San Miguel,
Socorro, or Taos)

Underserved populations: minority and women-owned businesses

Last fiscal year, USDA Rural Development provided $283, 000 to assist six New
Mexico recipients which included the Southwest Regional Housing and Community
Development Corporation to establish a revolving loan fund to assist micro
businesses in four rural New Mexico counties. RBEG funding was also provided to
the Ramah Navajo School Board, Inc. to complete a feasibility study for the
proposed Cedar Bluff Travel Center and Business Complex.

USDA Rural Development is currently accepting applications for the Rural
Business Enterprise Grants (RBEG) program until close of business, Friday, April
12, 2013.

Information on the RBEG program can be obtained from the Rural Development State
Office in Albuquerque at 505-761-4953 or at:
http://www.rurdev.usda.gov/BCP_rbeg.html

USDA Rural Development's mission is to increase economic opportunity and improve
the quality of life for rural residents. Rural Development fosters growth in
homeownership, finances business development, and supports the creation of
critical community and technology infrastructure. Further information on rural
programs is available at any local USDA Rural Development office or by visiting
USDA Rural Development's web site at http://www.rurdev.usda.gov

LOAD-DATE: September 21, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Local Government

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: HDG

                      Copyright 2013 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                      Copyright 2013 Hidalgo County Herald


                             131 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              The Sentinel (Stoke)

                                November 4, 2001

NEWS:BUSINESS:Manufacturing

BYLINE: by Jones David (Sentinel)

SECTION: NEWS:BUSINESS:Manufacturing, Pg.8

LENGTH: 460 words


Rural firms miss millions

BY Dave Jones

Business Reporter

RURAL businesses in Staffordshire are missing out on millions of pounds of
funding because they are not aware grants exist, a senior Government advisor has
warned.

Jamie Inglis, a senior rural enterprise advisor for the Governments Rural
Enterprise Service, said bids for a GBP 1.6 billion pot of Government money were
not materialising from county firms.

The alert comes as the Staffordshire Rural Economic Forum is poised to ask the
Department for the Environment, Food and Rural Affairs for GBP 216,000 to employ
an advisor who can brief businesses on the range of funding schemes available
from the England Rural Development Programme.

The news comes despite Sentinel Sunday yesterday revealing how, according to a
report by Staffordshire County Council, the foot and mouth crisis has cost the
county's tourism industry more than GBP 6 million.

And around a third of the firms surveyed believed they would continue losing
revenue until Christmas even though the last outbreak of the disease in
Staffordshire was reported on April 9.

Mr Inglis said: "We are not getting the amount of applications for these schemes
from Staffordshire that we are from the rest of the region," he said.

"Past experience of grant schemes is helping some counties in the West Midlands
and they are making use of them.

"But in Staffordshire where grants have not been available, farmers and
businesses do not seem to know they are there.

"There are a huge number of rural initiatives and rural businesses which they
can benefit greatly from.

"We are keen to see a facilitator operating in the area to remedy the situation
and work with businesses."

In all, a total of 11 Government schemes which make up the England Rural
Development Programme (ERDP), which includes the Energy Crops Scheme and
Woodland Grant Scheme, provide funding to farmers and rural businesses.

The newly formed Staffordshire Rural Economic Forum is to bid next month to
DEFRA for GBP 216,000 over three years for a project officer to help businesses
access the grants.

Roger Bradshaw, economic development and tourism officer with Staffordshire
County Council, which is a partner in the Rural Economic Forum, said it was very
important the funding was secured.

"The forum wants a project officer to get small businesses in the county to look
at the grant schemes offered by DEFRA. Shropshire have a number of small
businesses getting money but in Staffordshire firms havent done it. The project
officer will be able to give advice on how to get funding."

The England Rural Development Programme (ERDP) was launched to help farmers and
rural businesses develop, become more competitive and respond to consumer
requirements.

LOAD-DATE: November 28, 2001

LANGUAGE: English

                          Copyright 2001 The Sentinel


                             132 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                 Wells Journal

                               February 28, 2013

£1m help for small firms to 'develop and achieve'

SECTION: Pg. 14

LENGTH: 329  words


One million pounds in grants has been made available for small businesses in
Somerset and Devon through the Rural Enterprise Grant Programme (REG).

The REG programme, which is a joint project set up by the Department of Food and
Rural Affairs (DEFRA) and Rural Development Programme for England (RDPE), will
be available to help micro-enterprises operating in the rural areas of Somerset
and Devon.

Councillor Philip Ham, Mendip's business development portfolio holder said:
"These new grants are a great opportunity for small enterprises across Mendip to
develop, grow and achieve their full potential.

"Through supporting smaller businesses in the district, these grants will
hopefully encourage larger scale rural economic growth and greater employment
opportunities. This will help to ensure that our rural communities remain active
and vibrant places in which to live and work."

To be eligible for the grants, business must have fewer than ten employees and
be able to demonstrate wider benefits in terms of jobs created/safeguarded,
economic growth, sustainability and benefits to other businesses in the area.

The grants are intended to cover up to 40 per cent of the project cost; the
remaining 60 per cent must be covered by the business.

To find out if you're eligible to apply please visit
http://www.heartofswlep.co.uk/rural-growth-grants.

The first £500,000 will be allocated by July 2013 and the remaining sum
allocated by December 2013.

You can express an interest now and if your project is deemed eligible you will
be invited to submit a full application at a later date

To find out more about these grants and how you can apply please visit
http://www.heartofswlep.co.uk/rural-growth-grants , call Rural Focus on 08456
047047 or email the enquiries@ruralfocus.info address.

If you would like to find out more about starting up a new business in Mendip
please contact the council's business development team on 01749 648999 or visit
the http://www.mendip.gov.uk website.

LOAD-DATE: March 1, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 71


                    Copyright 2013 Northcliffe Media Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             133 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       The Oklahoman (Oklahoma City, OK)

                            August 19, 2006 Saturday
                                  City Edition

For rural funds, small sliver pays off big

BYLINE: Jim Stafford, Business Writer

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. 4B

LENGTH: 365 words


It's but a tiny sliver of $6.5 million in grants announced this week by the U.S.
Department of Agriculture's Rural Development agency, but the $136,000 awarded
to Oklahoma will bring jobs and opportunity to the state, officials said.

The agency awarded a Rural Enterprise Grant of $99,950 to the City of Sallisaw
that will help build an access road into an industrial park.

The city hopes the road will help it win a new business that could bring 35
jobs, said Brent Kisling, Oklahoma director for the USDA's Rural Development
agency.

"They were soliciting for a new business to come in and they were going to place
it at the back end of the park, but they didn't have road access to that
particular lot," Kisling said. "This money tied together with a lot of different
funding sources will actually help them accommodate that business."

News of the grant was well received in Sallisaw.

"This is a very vital project and everyone is very excited to win the grant,"
said Judy Martens with the Sallisaw Chamber of Commerce. "It's a great thing for
Sallisaw."

Also, a Rural Business Opportunity Grant of $36,749 was awarded Durant-based
Rural Enterprises Inc., which will double the grant with matching funds.

The nonprofit economic development agency will use the money to develop Internet
marketing for client businesses in its business incubator program, said Tom Seth
Smith, president and chief executive officer.

Rural Enterprises Inc. manages 18 business incubators in 14 communities across
the state. Incubators provide business expertise and shared equipment and space
for new enterprises.

"Generally they are fledgling, start-up type companies, and their marketing
budgets are small," Smith said.

"What we are looking to do is where they can combine marketing efforts through
federal funds and our matching funds to allow them to maximize their marketing
opportunities.

In its grant applications, REI called the effort for which it sought funding a
Small Business Online Trade Show Project.

In a news release about the grants, the U.S. Department of Agriculture said the
Rural Development grants were made to projects in 42 states and Guam and would
"create or save" more than 900 jobs.

LOAD-DATE: August 21, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2006 The Oklahoman, All Rights Reserved


                             134 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Deming Headlight (New Mexico)

                           October 22, 2009 Thursday

USDA Rural Development hands out grants

BYLINE: For the Headlight

SECTION: LOCAL

LENGTH: 542 words


ALBUQUERQUE - USDA Rural Development State Director Terry Brunner today
announced that applications are currently being taken for grants through the
Value-Added Producer Grant Program (VAPG), which assists agricultural producers
seeking to add value to the commodities they produce.

"The objective of this grant is to help farmers and ranchers find marketing
opportunities for products derived from agricultural commodities and to assist
them with working capital in the creation of the value added product," explained
Brunner. "At a difficult time in our economy, this grant will strengthen New
Mexico by helping farmers and ranchers realize additional income through this
type of production."

The VAPG can be used for planning activities such as feasibility studies,
marketing and business plans, or for working capital. VAPG grants could be used,
among many other things, to provide a marketing study to determine the sales
potential of diced tomatoes or salsa from chile. Working capital, including
salaries and utilities, could be provided to create bio-materials (plastics,
fiberboard), on-farm renewable energy, and biofuels (ethanol, bio-diesel).
Recently, a grant was awarded to a dairy cooperative in New Mexico to determine
if dairy wastes can be turned into methane gas.

USDA plans to award planning grants of up to $100,000 and working capital grants
of up to $300,000 to successful applicants. Applicants are encouraged to propose
projects that use existing agricultural products in non-traditional ways or
merge agricultural products with technology in creative ways. Businesses of all
sizes may apply, but priority will be given to operators of small and
medium-sized family farms - those with average, annual gross sales of $700,000
or less.

Applicants must provide matching funds equal to the amount of the grant
requested. Ten percent of the available funding is reserved for beginning
farmers or ranchers and socially disadvantaged farmers or ranchers. An
additional 10 percent is reserved for projects involving local and regional
supply networks that link independent producers with businesses and cooperatives
that market value-added products.

The deadline to apply for a Value Added Producer Grant is Monday, Nov. 30. Paper
applications must be submitted to the Rural Development State Office for the
state in which the project will primarily take place. Electronic applications
must be submitted through the Grants.gov Website at http://www.grants.gov ,
following the instructions provided at that site. Inquiries may be directed to
the USDA Rural Development State Office at (505) 761-4953.

For application requirements, consult both the funding notice at
http://www.rurdev.usda.gov/rbs/coops/vadg.htm and the regulations at http:/
www.rurdev.usda.gov/regs/regs/pdf/4284j.pdf .

USDA Rural Development's mission is to increase economic opportunity and improve
the quality of life for rural residents. Rural Development fosters growth in
homeownership, finances business development and supports the creation of
critical community and technology infrastructure. Further information on rural
programs is available at a local USDA Rural Development office or by visiting
USDA Rural Development's Web site at http://www.rurdev.usda.gov/ .

LOAD-DATE: October 22, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


          Copyright 2009 Deming Headlight, a MediaNews Group Newspaper
                              All Rights Reserved


                             135 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          September 29, 2016 Thursday

Methodology and Formulas for Allocation of Loan and Grant Program Funds;
Correction

LENGTH: 534  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington, DC:  This Rule document was issued by the Farm Service Agency (FSA)





 <h2>
  Action</h2>

  Correcting amendment.
 <h2>
  Summary</h2>

  This document contains a correction to 7 CFR part 1940, subpart L,
"Methodology and Formulas for Allocation of Loan and Grant Program Funds" to
provide reference to the Rural Business Development Program, which replaced the
Rural Business Enterprise Grant program and the Rural Business Opportunity Grant
program.


 <h2>
  Dates</h2>

  Effective on September 28, 2016.
 <h2>
  For Further Information Contact</h2>

  Kristi Kubista-Hovis, Rural Development, Business Programs, U.S. Department of
Agriculture, 1400 Independence Avenue SW., STOP 3226, Washington, DC 20250-3225;
telephone (202) 720-0424; email
 <h2>
  Supplementary Information</h2>
 <h3>
  Background</h3>

  The Agricultural Act of 2014 (2014 Farm Bill) directed the Agency to combine
the Rural Business Enterprise Grant (RBEG) program and the Rural Business
Opportunity Grant (RBOG) program into a single new program entitled the Rural
Business Development Grant (RBDG) program. The Agency issued an interim rule
with request for comment on March 25, 2015 (80 FR 15665) establishing the RBDG
program and removing the applicable provisions associated with the RBEG and RBOG
programs. In the interim rule, the Agency inadvertently did not update the title
to 7 CFR 1940.588 to reflect the replacement of the RBEG and RBOG programs with
the new RBDG program. To correct this oversight, the Agency is revising the
title to 7 CFR 1940.588. This correction has no substantive effect on how State
allocations are made for the RBDG program.
 <h3>
  Need for Correction</h3>

  As found in the Code of Federal Regulations, the title to 7 CFR 1940.588
contains reference to two programs (i.e., RBEG and RBOG) that no longer exist as
stand-alone programs and does not reference their replacement program (i.e., the
RBDG program). This technical change is necessary to claify how the Agency
allocates funds for the RBDG program and to remove reference to programs that no
longer exist.

  <h2>
   List of Subjects In</h2>

   Administrative practice and procedure, Agriculture, Allocations, Grant
programs--Housing and community development, Loan programs--Agriculture, Rural
areas.


  Accordingly, 7 CFR part 1940 is corrected by making the following correcting
amendment:
 <h2>
  Part 1940 General</h2>


   Regulatory Text


    1. The authority citation for part 1940 continues to read as follows:


   <h3>
    Authority:</h3>

    5 U.S.C. 301; 7 U.S.C. 1989; 42 U.S.C. 1480.



    2. Revise the heading for §&thinsp;1940.588 to read as follows:

  <h3>
   §&thinsp;1940.588 Business and Industry Guaranteed and Direct Loans, Rural
Business Development Grants, and Intermediary Relending Program.</h3>

   * * * * *



   Dated: September 9, 2016.

   Lisa Mensah,

   Under Secretary, Rural Development.

   Dated: September 16, 2016.

   Alexis M. Taylor,

   Deputy Under Secretary, Farm and Foreign Agricultural Services.

 [FR Doc. 2016-23228 Filed 9-27-16; 8:45 am]
 BILLING CODE 3410-XY-P


 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: September 29, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             136 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             May 25, 2016 Wednesday

USDA Awards $4.5 Million In Rural Community Development Grants; To Seek
Applications For Future Projects

LENGTH: 745  words

DATELINE: New York



 Manhattan: Kansas State University has issaued the following news release:



   Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack today announced that the U.S. Department of
Agriculture (USDA) is awarding more than $4 million in grants to 23
organizations to support rural economic development projects. Secretary Vilsack
also announced that USDA soon will seek applications for the next round of
program funding. The awards and the request for applications are being provided
through the Rural Community Development Initiative (RCDI) program. RCDI helps
com unity-based development organizations, federally recognized Indian tribes
and other groups promote economic development in low-incom , rural com unities.





 "The latest Census data show that last year, rural America's population grew at
the fastest rate since 2010," Vilsack said. "USDA stands ready to help rural com
unities create jobs and continue to be a place where people want to raise their
families. We have seen time and again that our com unity investments are most
successful when we partner with folks already embedded in the local fabric.
These grants will help bring jobs to our rural small towns, with USDA providing
funding and technical assistance to help launch business and development
projects specifically tailored to the needs of each local and regional area."



 RCDI grants are not provided directly to businesses or individuals. Instead,
awards are provided to public or non-profit intermediaries that are
locally-based and skilled in business development and job creation. Recipients
must obtain matching funds, which doubles the impact of the grants. USDA will
publish application information in an upcom ng Federal Register notice.



 Since 2009, USDA has awarded $39 million to support 206 rural economic
development projects financed through the RCDI program. The projects are
examples of USDA's support for locally-based development strategies.



 One of the organizations selected for funding in today's announcement is The
Initiative Foundation in Minnesota. It has been selected for a $172,372 grant to
provide training, technical assistance and financial support to 20 non-profit
organizations serving low-incom  rural com unities in central Minnesota.



 The Kentucky Highlands Investment Corporation is receiving a $250,000 grant to
help low-incom  com unities in Eastern Kentucky develop businesses and create
jobs. The grant will support the Leslie County Fiscal Courts, Perry County
Fiscal Courts and the Eastern Kentucky Concentrated Employment Program, Inc.
Leslie and Perry Counties are persistent poverty counties that receive
assistance under USDA's StrikeForce for Rural Growth and Opportunity Initiative
and the President's Promise Zone initiative.



 USDA launched StrikeForce in 2010 to address persistent poverty across America.
USDA staff work with state, local and com unity officials to increase awareness
of USDA programs and help build program participation through intensive com
unity outreach and technical assistance. President Obama announced the launch of
the Promise Zone initiative in his 2013 State of the Union address to target
federal and private resources to high-poverty urban, rural and tribal com
unities.



 Funding for recipients announced today is contingent upon the grantee meeting
the terms of the grant agreement.



 In 2011, the Virginia Department of Housing and Community Development used a
$200,000 RCDI grant to help the Growth Alliance launch a regional com unity
development initiative. The project focused on capitalizing on unique assets
such as historic downtowns, natural beauty, outdoor recreation, arts and
culture, and history. The Alliance is a consortium of Amelia, Brunswick,
Buckingham, Charlotte, Greenville, Lunenburg, Mecklenburg, and Nottaway counties
and the city of Emporia.



 Since 2009, USDA Rural Development (#USDARDThis is an external link or
third-party site outside of the United States Department of Agriculture (USDA)
website.) has invested $11 billion to start or expand 103,000 rural businesses;
helped 1.1 million rural residents buy homes; funded nearly 7,000 com unity
facilities such as schools, public safety and health care facilities; financed
185,000 miles of electric transmission and distribution lines; and helped bring
high-speed Internet access to nearly 6 million rural residents and businesses.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: May 25, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             137 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              The Sentinel (Stoke)

                                November 4, 2001

NEWS:BUSINESS:Manufacturing

BYLINE: by Jones David (Sentinel)

SECTION: NEWS:BUSINESS:Manufacturing, Pg.8

LENGTH: 461 words


Countryside firms miss out on funds

BY Dave Jones

Business Reporter

RURAL businesses in Staffordshire are missing out on millions of pounds of
funding because they are not aware grants exist, a senior Government advisor has
warned.

Jamie Inglis, a senior rural enterprise advisor for the Governments Rural
Enterprise Service, said bids for a GBP 1.6 billion pot of Government money were
not materialising from county firms.

The alert comes as the Staffordshire Rural Economic Forum is poised to ask the
Department for the Environment, Food and Rural Affairs for GBP 216,000 to employ
an advisor who can brief businesses on the range of funding schemes available
from the England Rural Development Programme.

The news comes despite Sentinel Sunday yesterday revealing how, according to a
report by Staffordshire County Council, the foot and mouth crisis has cost the
county's tourism industry more than GBP 6 million.

And around a third of the firms surveyed believed they would continue losing
revenue until Christmas even though the last outbreak of the disease in
Staffordshire was reported on April 9.

Mr Inglis said: "We are not getting the amount of applications for these schemes
from Staffordshire that we are from the rest of the region," he said.

"Past experience of grant schemes is helping some counties in the West Midlands
and they are making use of them. But in Staffordshire where grants have not been
available, farmers and businesses do not seem to know they are there.

"There are a huge number of rural initiatives and rural businesses which they
can benefit greatly from.

"We are keen to see a facilitator operating in the area to remedy the situation
and work with businesses."

In all, a total of 11 Government schemes which make up the England Rural
Development Programme (ERDP), which includes the Energy Crops Scheme and
Woodland Grant Scheme, provide funding to farmers and rural businesses.

The newly formed Staffordshire Rural Economic Forum is to bid next month to
DEFRA for GBP 216,000 over three years for a project officer to help businesses
access the grants.

Roger Bradshaw, economic development and tourism officer with Staffordshire
County Council, which is a partner in the Rural Economic Forum, said it was very
important the funding was secured.

"The forum wants a project officer to get small businesses in the county to look
at the grant schemes offered by DEFRA. Shropshire have a number of small
businesses getting money but in Staffordshire firms havent done it. The project
officer will be able to give advice on how to get funding."

The England Rural Development Programme (ERDP) was launched to help farmers and
rural businesses develop, become more competitive and respond to consumer needs.

LOAD-DATE: November 28, 2001

LANGUAGE: English

                          Copyright 2001 The Sentinel


                             138 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                US Official News

                            October 30, 2015 Friday

Washington: Kuster Announces USDA 2015 Rural Energy for America Grant

LENGTH: 396  words

DATELINE: Lahore



    Washington: Office of the MP Annie Kuster has issued the following news
release:



 Congresswoman Annie Kuster (NH-02) joined with Senator Jeanne Shaheen (NH) and
Ted Brady, New Hampshire Director for U.S. Department of Agriculture Rural
Development (USDA-RD), to announce 31 USDA Rural Development grants awarded to
small farms and business across New Hampshire. These grants will support
utilization of renewable energy generation and energy conservation at the farms
and businesses around the state.





 The announcement took place in Plainfield at Edgewater Farm, which received a
grant of $14,035 to help install a solar array on site. In total, 31 farms and
small businesses in New Hampshire were awarded $1,163,000 from USDA Rural
Development&rsquo;s Rural Energy for America  Program (REAP).



 &ldquo;As our farms and small businesses look to succeed in today&rsquo;s
economy and business market, it is important that they are adequately supported
by rural development to embrace clean, renewable, self-sufficient forms of
energy,&rdquo; said Congresswoman Kuster. &ldquo;I am thrilled to congratulate
Edgewater Farm and the 30 other grant recipients across New Hampshire as they
move forward in an incredible variety of renewable energy projects to support
their work. The dedication of this year&rsquo;s grant recipients to reduce their
energy footprint and utilize renewables is just one more example of how New
Hampshire&rsquo;s farmers and small business leaders are so innovative,
creative, and successful.&rdquo;



 Kuster and other members of the New Hampshire congressional delegation fought
to include REAP&rsquo;s reauthorization in the 2014 Farm Bill. The program
allows farmers and small businesses across the country to apply for grants to
help offset up to 25 percent of costs related to renewable energy or energy
efficient projects.



 USDA Rural Development runs programs related to housing, business, and
community infrastructure to support farmers and small businesses in rural
communities across the country. During today&rsquo;s event, USDA Rural
Development also announced that it is currently accepting applications for the
next round of REAP funding. Farms and small businesses can apply for funding for
projects under $80,000 until November 2.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:

 editorial@plusme.coma

LOAD-DATE: October 31, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

               Copyright2015Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             139 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                              April 1, 2016 Friday

Washington: Collins, King Announce Grant Opportunity for Business Development
Projects in Rural Maine

LENGTH: 295  words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Washington: Office of the Senator Angus King has issued the following news
release:



 U.S. Senators Susan Collins and Angus King announced today that the U.S.
Department of Agriculture (USDA) will make available $290,000 in grant funding
for business development projects in Maine's rural communities through the Rural
Business Development Grant (RBDG) program.  Entities that are eligible to apply
for these grants include public bodies, nonprofit corporations, and Native
American tribes, who can utilize these funds for the benefit of private, small
business enterprises in the communities that they serve.





 "This important investment will help provide communities in Maine with key
resources intended for job growth and business expansion, and we encourage
everyone eligible in Maine to apply for this grant funding," Senators Collins
and King said in a joint statement.  "Providing rural areas in our state with
additional means for pursuing diverse economic opportunities will help spur
development, strengthen our local businesses, and grow our economy."



 USDA Rural Development is committed to helping improve the economy and quality
of life in rural America. The grant award process is competitive, and priorities
are established for: leveraging other resources; areas of economic distress,
lower populations, higher unemployment, or lower incomes; experience of the
applicant; small business start-up or expansion; job creation; and supporting
agency initiatives.  All areas of the state are eligible for this program, with
the exceptions of Portland and surrounding parts of Falmouth, Westbrook,
Scarborough, South Portland and Cape Elizabeth.





 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: April 1, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             140 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             October 5, 2015 Monday

Washington: USDA Helps Rural Businesses Create Jobs and Increase Economic
Opportunities

LENGTH: 553 words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Washington: United States Department of Agriculture has issued the following
news release:



 Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack today awarded nearly $20 million through 385
grants to help support the start-up or expansion of rural small businesses.





 "These grants will strengthen the economic fabric of our rural small towns and
communities by providing capital to small and emerging businesses," Vilsack said
today during a visit to the Pine Ridge Indian Reservation.



 USDA is awarding the grants through the Rural Business Development Grant (RBDG)
program. Recipients may use the funds to provide technical assistance, training
and job-creation activities.



 The Value Added Agriculture Development Center, based in Pierre, S.D., is
receiving a $49,500 grant to teach local businesses in Oglala Lakota County,
which is on the Pine Ridge Indian Reservation, how to commercially process and
successfully market buffalo meat.



 In April 2015, the Obama Administration designated the Pine Ridge Indian
Reservation one of eight new Promise Zones. Promise Zones are high-poverty
communities where the federal government partners with local leaders to increase
economic activity, improve educational opportunities, leverage private
investment, reduce violent crime, enhance public health and address other
community-identified priorities.



 While Secretary Vilsack was in South Dakota, he highlighted USDA's work to
expand economic opportunities for Native Americans and rural residents
throughout the state. For example, he announced that the Oglala Sioux Tribe is
receiving a $1.85 million grant to construct a storage building and cell for a
solid waste landfill.



 Other RBDG recipients include Boyne City, Mich., which been selected to receive
a $30,000 grant to provide equipment for an incubator kitchen for local foods.
The Town of Princess Anne, Md., is receiving a $21,400 grant to buy furnishings
and equipment for the historic Washington Hotel.



 Funding of each award announced today is contingent upon the recipient meeting
the terms of the grant agreement.



 USDA's Rural Business Development Grant Program is one of several that support
rural economic development. Since the start of the Obama administration, USDA's
Rural Business-Cooperative Service has helped 85,000 rural businesses.



 The City of Luverne, Minn., population 4,800, is an example of a small town
USDA has helped. Luverne used a $99,000 USDA grant in FY 2013 to establish a
revolving loan fund to provide affordable financing for downtown businesses.
City leaders wanted to help downtown merchants upgrade their shops and eateries
so they could attract more visitors and economic activity. Like many cities
across the country, Luverne had lost shoppers to the region's larger towns and
big box stores. So far, 13 businesses have been helped as a result of USDA's
grant.



 President Obama's plan for rural America has brought about historic investment
and resulted in stronger rural communities. Under the President's leadership,
these investments in housing, community facilities, businesses and
infrastructure have empowered rural America to continue leading the way -
strengthening America's economy, small towns and rural communities.





 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:

 editorial@plusme.com

LOAD-DATE: October 5, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             141 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                 Indian Valley Record (Greenville, California)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                 April 8, 2015

USDA supports business and creates jobs

BYLINE: Indian Valley Record staff

LENGTH: 254  words


USDA Rural Development California State Director Glenda Humiston recently
announced USDA is seeking applications for grants to support rural businesses
and help create jobs.

"These grants will help support rural businesses all across California," said
Humiston. "Small businesses are the backbone of our rural economies, and with
these funds we are continuing our investment to help rural communities grow and
thrive."

Nationally, more than $28 million is expected to be available under the Rural
Business Development Grant program. Eligible applicants include public bodies,
government entities, Indian tribes and nonprofit organizations with a
demonstrated successful history of administering economic development and
technical assistance programs. Individuals and for-profit businesses are not
eligible to apply.

Grants can be used for technical assistance, job training and other activities.
Grants will be awarded competitively at the state level with a Native American
set aside that is funded through a national competition. There are no
substantive programmatic or operational changes to the RBEG and RBOG programs as
a result of this consolidation. The interim regulations can be found in the
March 25 Federal Register.

Interested applicants are encouraged to contact a local Rural Development office
for more details about the program and how to apply. Applications for Native
American set aside funds must be received by the local Rural Development office
by 4 p.m. PDT May 4 and all others are due by 4 p.m. PDT June 19.

LOAD-DATE: April 24, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Business

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: INV

                      Copyright 2015 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                      Copyright 2015 Indian Valley Record


                             142 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



              The Lake Metigoshe Mirror (Bottineau, North Dakota)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                               December 18, 2013

Development grants available

BYLINE: The Lake Metigoshe Mirror staff

LENGTH: 183  words


Jasper Schneider, United States Department of Agriculture (USDA) Rural
Development state director, announced that applications are being accepted for
grants to finance and facilitate the development of new and existing businesses.

"Small businesses are the backbone of the economy in rural communities,"
Schneider said. "The grant funding is focused on making sure that Main Street
businesses have the tools they need."

Funding is being made available through the Rural Business Enterprise Grant
program. The program provides grants for technical assistance, establishment of
revolving loan funds, equipment purchases and the acquisition of land,
buildings, and infrastructure to enhance business development. Public bodies,
non-profit entities and Native American tribes may apply for grants ranging from
$10,000 to $500,000.

In 2013, four North Dakota entities received grants totaling more than $200,000.
Grant applications are due on March 1, 2014. More information about how to apply
is available at www.rur-dev.usda.gov/BCP_rbeg.html or by calling the USDA Rural
Development office at (701) 530-2037.

LOAD-DATE: October 15, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Local Government

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: LMT

                      Copyright 2013 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
       Copyright 2013 The Lake Metigoshe Mirror (Bottineau, North Dakota)


                             143 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       The Anson Record, Wadesboro, N.C.

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                            March 28, 2015 Saturday

Sen. McInnis hosts event on grants for rural communities

BYLINE: Imari Scarbrough, The Anson Record, Wadesboro, N.C.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 811 words


March 28--County commissioner Vancine Sturdivant is making plans to visit
Raleigh to push for grants she hopes will benefit Anson after attending an
informational session with Senator Tom McInnis and a North Carolina Department
of Commerce representative last night. Representatives from five counties
attended the event.

Community leaders received answers to their questions about grant possibilities
when they attended the presentation hosted in First United Methodist Church in
Wadesboro. Sen. McInnis introduced Dr. Patricia Mitchell, assistant secretary of
the N.C. Department of Commerce for Rural Development Division, who spoke about
rural economic development grant and planning programs.

Mitchell revealed several opportunities that are available or being developed
for rural communities to create new full-time jobs. She spoke on building reuse
grants, which are used to renovate vacant buildings for businesses or health
care entities and economic infrastructure grants, which are designed to help
local governments with infrastructure projects to help create jobs. She also
talked about a building demolition grant that is currently being designed.

While the dollar amounts look high, they have to stretch far, so even some
eligible local projects may not be chosen. There are several categories to apply
for, though. "We have the rural grants, utility fund, and CDBG economic
development fund that the total amount of that might be $40-45 million a year
that we can award to rural communities," she said.

The utility fund gives grants for public infrastructure in Tier 1 and 2
counties, while the Community Development Block Grant for Economic Development
(CDBG-ED) allows local governments to form a partnership with pro-profit
businesses for infrastructure development, she explained. Mitchell also listed
the Main Street program, which supports North Carolina downtowns, and the
Appalachian Regional Commission, a federal-state partnership program to help
economic growth in the 13-state Appalachian area.

Mitchell also touched on N.C. Broadband, which helps local governments with
technical concerns, and how broadband can help businesses and promote job growth
as the businesses grow. She also apprised the representatives of the Economic
Advancement and Planning services, which provides planners to help counties and
towns with projects to promote their economies and community development.

Senator McInnis highlighted the importance of local government officials
learning the information and passing it on to other community leaders. "Folks,
I've got news for you: the white knight riding the big black horse is not
coming," he said. "We're going to have to start doing a lot of things for
ourselves."

Commissioner Sturdivant said she hopes to implement the knowledge she gained at
the presentation in Anson County. "I'm hoping that one of the things she spoke
about, the small business grant, I'm really going to promote that," she said.

She also wants to see business incentives revitalized, and the other grants
developed. "I'm going to Raleigh to hold them to it, if I can get those grants
in for our senior citizens and our small business owners," she said. "We can't
compete with Mecklenburg because we're a Tier 1 county, so if anything comes
available like this, I want to bring it to Anson County. I wish more communities
would get involved."

She wants to push the N.C. General Assembly to support the grants. "I will be
going to Raleigh, because if there's anything I can do to help our county, I'm
going to try to do it," Sturdivant said.

After the meeting, Sturdivant said she had top priorities she plans to support.
"A rural development program for housing is number one on my list," she said.
"Small business owners would be number two. And I love what Senator McInnis
said; I would love for our pay scale to go up and for our earnings to be
higher."

Representatives from at least five counties were present, including Anson,
Richmond and Rowan. Four representatives from the Anson County Board of
Commissioners -- Sturdivant, Jarvis Woodburn, Bobby Sikes, and Chair and Interim
County Manager Anna Baucom -- were all present at the meeting, but Sturdivant
said she would've liked to have seen more, and plans to bring her notes to the
county commissioners. "I wish the entire board had been there," she said. "Every
municipality could benefit from what she said."

In addition to her role at the N.C. Department of Commerce, Mitchell is an
instructor at N.C. State University. She is a former county manager of Ashe
County and the director of economic development, among many other roles.

Staff Writer Imari Scarbrough may be reached at 704-694-2161, ext. 2302 or on
Twitter @ImariLattimore.

___ (c)2015 The Anson Record (Wadesboro, N.C.) Visit The Anson Record
(Wadesboro, N.C.) at www.ansonrecord.com Distributed by Tribune Content Agency,
LLC

LOAD-DATE: April 2, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20150328-1AN-Sen-McInnis-hosts-event-on-grants-for-rural
-communities-0328-20150328

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1AN


                Copyright 2015 The Anson Record, Wadesboro, N.C.


                             144 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Deming Headlight (New Mexico)

                             January 8, 2007 Monday

Rural NM gets $62.2 million in federal funding

BYLINE: For the Headlight

SECTION: LOCAL

LENGTH: 386 words


ALBUQUERQUE   USDA Rural Development State Director Ryan Gleason announced that
more than $62.2 million was infused into New Mexico's economy through the
various programs offered by the agency in FY-2006.

Rural Development, a mission area of the United States Department of
Agriculture, provided the loan and grant monies for the construction of
businesses, homes, water and wastewater projects and other essential public
facilities in rural New Mexico.

In making the announcement, Gleason said, "USDA Rural Development's mission is
to increase economic opportunity and improve the quality of life in rural
communities. In 2006, our programs did just that as we played a major role in
expanding rural New Mexico's economy."

Gleason added, "In the 2006 fiscal year, Rural Development helped nine rural
businesses to start up or grow. We helped 373 families with better housing
opportunities. We helped 39 communities install new or improve existing water
systems. And, Rural Development definitely created a better lifestyle for
thousands of rural New Mexicans by paying for necessary community projects."

Gleason's comments came as USDA Rural Development tallied the final numbers for
the 2006 fiscal year.

In FY 2006, the rural business program made available $6,685,360 for nine
separate business projects. Six non-profit organizations received a total of
$717,360 in grant money.

The rural housing program obligated 373 home loans and grants which amounted to
$29,767,076 in FY-2006. Seventy-one grants, totaling $602,968, were made from
five different grant programs administered by the housing program.

The community program funded 33 new water and wastewater projects for a total of
$18,582,539 in FY-2006. Of the 33 projects, 26 received $15,235,175 in grant
funding.

The community facility program provided 18 projects with money to buy new
firefighting equipment, build day care centers, and install new communication
equipment for emergency agencies for a total of $3,364,051. Ten of those
projects received $1,094,625 in grant money.

Detailed information about the different programs administered by Rural
Development can be found on line at www.rurdev.usda.gov.

Information can also be obtained by contacting any of the 10 New Mexico USDA
field offices or by calling the State Office in Albuquerque at 505-761-4950.

LOAD-DATE: July 17, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Ryan Gleason

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


          Copyright 2007 Deming Headlight, a MediaNews Group Newspaper
                              All Rights Reserved


                             145 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                      Carlsbad Current-Argus (New Mexico)

                           February 7, 2008 Thursday

Value-Added Producer Grant funds available

BYLINE: Submitted to the Current-Argus

SECTION: BUSINESS

LENGTH: 393 words


ALBUQUERQUE --USDA Rural Development State Director Ryan Gleason has announced
the availability of $18.4 million nationwide in Value-Added Producer Grant
funds. The VAPG program gives eligible agricultural producers the opportunity to
increase their income by developing businesses that produce and market
value-added agriculture products such as turning chile into salsa or peanuts
into peanut butter."We grow some great products in New Mexico," said Gleason.
"The next step to ensuring the long-term profitability of our agricultural
producers is to help them earn more of the ultimate consumer's dollar by adding
additional value to these wonderful products."The VAPG program provides up to 50
percent of eligible costs for two types of activities: planning and working
capital. Funds can be used for planning how to establish a viable marketing
opportunity for an agricultural product. Other planning activities include
feasibility studies and the development of business or marketing plans. The
financial assistance may also be used as working capital for a value-added
business venture within the first two years of operation. The maximum amount
that can be awarded for a planning grant is $100,000. Rural Development may also
award a working capital grant of up to $300,000 if the application can prove the
money is needed for an individual project. Applications for the Value Added
Grant program must be postmarked and mailed, shipped, or sent overnight no later
than March 31, 2008, to Rural Development's State Office located at 6200
Jefferson, NE Room 255 in Albuquerque, New Mexico 87109.For more information on
application forms and details visit the VAPG website at:
http://www.rurdev.usda.gov/rbs/coops/vadg.htm, or contact the New Mexico Rural
Development State Office at 505-761-4953. USDA Rural Development's mission is to
deliver programs in a way that will support increasing economic opportunity and
improve the quality of life of rural residents. As the lead federal agency for
rural development needs, USDA Rural Development provides financing to rural New
Mexico communities, for affordable housing, business development,
infrastructure, and community facilities and development. Further information on
Rural Development programs is available at a local USDA Rural Development office
or by visiting USDA's web site at www.rurdev.usda.gov.

LOAD-DATE: June 3, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2008 Carlsbad Current-Argus
                              All Rights Reserved


                             146 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Bangor Daily News (Maine)

                             June 13, 2009 Saturday
                         State Edition; Coastal Edition

$99,800 grant to aid Van Buren businesses

BYLINE: JEN LYNDS OF THE NEWS STAFF

SECTION: Pg. B3

LENGTH: 321 words

DATELINE: VAN BUREN


Small-business owners in Van Buren will be making upgrades and repairs to their
buildings with a $99,800 grant from the U.S. Department of Agriculture's Rural
Business Enterprise Grants program.

Dan Lapointe, the economic and community development director for the town, said
Thursday that the money will help establish a small-business revolving loan fund
to assist new and existing small businesses in the area.

"This money is targeting business owners who want to repair their businesses or
upgrade them by putting in new equipment or making other investments," he said.
"These businesses already have committed to doing the work."

Some of the targeted businesses are in the downtown, he added.

Lapointe said the town has received similar grants in the past.

Rep. Mike Michaud said in a press release announcing the grant that it is
expected to save 16 jobs and assist three businesses.

"I am pleased that this funding has been released," said Michaud, D-Maine.
"These grants will provide important economic support to small businesses in the
Van Buren area."

He added that the money will be "especially helpful for small businesses that
are facing challenges" in a difficult economy.

U.S. Sens. Olympia Snowe and Susan Collins, R-Maine, in a joint press release
said, "The USDA Rural Development program is committed to supporting rural
communities throughout Maine with the necessary resources to improve public
services and stimulate economic growth. These projects will help spur economic
and infrastructure development in these communities."

The Rural Business Enterprise Grants program provides funding for rural projects
that finance and facilitate development of small and emerging rural businesses.
It also funds distance learning networks and employment related adult education
programs.

Lapointe said Thursday that he expected the targeted businesses to begin working
on their projects within a month.

jlbdn@ainop.com

538-6567

LOAD-DATE: June 13, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2009 Bangor Daily News


                             147 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                      Farmington Daily Times (New Mexico)

                            October 31, 2011 Monday

WESST awarded $675,000 in federal funds [10:47 a.m.]

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 338 words


FARMINGTON   WESST, an Albuquerque-based nonprofit that has a Farmington office,
recently announced it will receive more than $675,000 in federal grants and
loans to help small businesses grow.


The funding comes from the U.S. Department of Agriculuture's Rural Development
program.
"The funding provided by the USDA to WESST will provide the kind of hands-on
assistance our rural communities and small businesses need,"  USDA Rural
Development State Director Terry Brunner said in a prepared statement. "Small
businesses are the economic drivers in our rural communities and Microloans
provided by WESST in partnership with the USDA are vital to helping those small
businesses get the capital to expand and hopefully add the jobs that are so
urgently needed across New Mexico."
The two grants and one loan to WESST total more than $675,000. The first is a
$175,105 Rural Community Development Initiative grant.
The funding will be used to provide technical and financial assistance to
develop the capacity of three rural nonprofit organizations that focus on
community and economic development in ten low-income, rural communities in New
Mexico.
The three nonprofits include High Road Artisans in Truchas, Mountain Ambulance
Service/Art for the Heart in Peñasco and Tierra Del Sol in Anthony.
WESST will provide the three organizations with train-the-trainer education in
small business development, financial literacy and organizational capacity
building for board development and strategic planning.
An additional $100,000 grant and a $400,000 loan come from  Rural Development's
Rural Microentrepreneur Assistance Program. This money will be used to provide
technical assistance to help small rural businesses with business development
services training. Small business owners in rural areas will learn how to make
an application for financial assistance and how to work with the lending
institution after the loan is made.
WESST will use the USDA loan to provide low-interest loans in amounts of $50,000
or less to small businesses.

LOAD-DATE: October 31, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


       Copyright 2011 Farmington Daily Times, a MediaNews Group Newspaper
                              All Rights Reserved


                             148 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                 Farmers Weekly

                                 July 31, 2015

Â£24m development grant pot opens

BYLINE: Emma Jones

SECTION: BUSINESS

LENGTH: 287 words


A Â£24m grant fund is available to help rural businesses invest in development,
food processing, small-scale tourism infrastructure and co-operation.

The Growth Programme opened on 27 July and provides funding to help projects in
England that will encourage strong rural economic growth and create jobs.

The scheme is just one part of the wider Rural Development Programme, which is
worth more than Â£450m in the next six years.

The grants are administered through Local Enterprise Partnerships (LEPs), which
are alliances between local authorities and local businesses across England.

Funding for a limited number of LEPs opened this week with a 30 October 2015
deadline for grant applications. A further two rounds are expected in August and
September and the remaining areas will be invited over the next few months.

To make sure the funding is targeted where it can bring the biggest benefit,
applications will be scored against a range of criteria, including local
priorities.

Simon Haley of Reading Agricultural Consultants said there would be some good
opportunities for rural businesses in the Growth Programme, but that it would be
very competitive.

It was important all farmers looked at the full outline and deadlines of the
funding available in their  area, and gleaned as much information as possible
before writing their grant application, said Mr Haley.

It would help to speak to a local LEP contact about their proposed project
outline.

The Growth Programme grants are funded by the European Agricultural Fund for
Rural Development.

Farming minister George Eustice said the grants would support business, bring
high-quality jobs to rural areas, boost rural productivity and grow the local
economy.

ï»¿

LOAD-DATE: July 31, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Magazine


                 Copyright 2015 Reed Business Information Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             149 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            October 16, 2015 Friday

Tennessee: Governor Haslam, Commissioner Boyd Announce New Rural Economic
Development Fund

LENGTH: 736 words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Nashville: The state of Tennessee has issued the following news release:



 Tennessee Gov. Bill Haslam and Economic and Community Development Commissioner
Randy Boyd announced today the state is investing $8 million in a new Rural
Economic Development Fund to build capacity for transformative economic
development strategies in rural Tennessee.





 The Rural Economic Development Fund will provide an initial $6 million for Site
Development Grants for communities to help move economic development sites to
shovel-ready status as part of the state's nationally recognized Select
Tennessee Site Certification program.



 The new initiative will also fund $1 million in grants for the enhancement of
tourism sites in rural communities as well as $600,000 for additional ThreeStar
community grants including a Main Street Business Incubator program for downtown
business districts.



 &ldquo;Tennessee has embraced real change in our approach to workforce
readiness with programs like the Tennessee Promise, and these new initiatives
led by TNECD will help build capacity in rural areas and get them ready for
investment and economic success,&rdquo; Haslam said.



 &ldquo;Tennesseans are passionate about their communities,&rdquo; Boyd said.
&ldquo;Here at TNECD, we are passionate about helping them develop dynamic,
diverse economies and thriving communities. This investment will pay off for
decades, helping generations of rural Tennesseans see that their communities
reach full economic potential.&rdquo;



 TNECD announced a renewed focus on rural development, with Boyd appointing Amy
Blaylock New as the department's first assistant commissioner for rural
development. TNECD also organized a statewide Rural Development Task Force.



  Last month the department launched a new marketing campaign for the Memphis
Regional Megasite, a state-owned 4,100-acre industrial site in rural West
Tennessee.



 Boyd and New embarked on listening tours of rural Tennessee this year, meeting
with elected officials, business and civic leaders across the state on the
opportunities and challenges facing rural communities.



 The Rural Economic Development Fund will also provide $250,000 in funding for a
statewide survey of broadband capacity in rural Tennessee - a direct result of
feedback from rural community leaders.



 Boyd and New announced the Rural Economic Development Fund today at the 62nd
Annual Governor's Conference on Economic and Community Development.



 New said the programs the fund helps create are directly tied to feedback the
department received during its listening tours.



 &ldquo;Our department decided to double down on rural economic development
earlier this year,&rdquo; New said. &ldquo;The Rural Economic Development Fund
will help communities stretch their resources to make sure we have asset-based
investment strategies in rural Tennessee. This fund will reinforce the
exceptional work and investment by our local partners to prepare for the future
economic growth.&rdquo;



 The Rural Economic Development Fund includes:



     $6 million Select TN Site Development Grants

     $1 million Tourism-Based Economic Enhancement Program

     $300,000 Main Street Incubator Grants

     $250,000 ThreeStar Community Enhancement Awards

     $250,000 Statewide Broadband Supply/Demand Analysis

     $100,000 ThreeStar Asset Based Planning Assistance

     $75,000 AgLaunch in cooperation with Launch Tennessee



 Funding for the new grant programs comes from one-time revenues in the
department's current budget.



 Community leaders in rural Tennessee will receive information from their
regional offices and TNECD on the application process for the new programs in
the coming months.



 About the Tennessee Department of Economic and Community Development



 Tennessee was named 2014 and 2013 &ldquo;State of the Year&rdquo; for economic
development by Business Facilities magazine. The Tennessee Department of
Economic and Community Development's mission is to develop strategies which help
make Tennessee the No. 1 location in the Southeast for high quality jobs. The
department seeks to attract new corporate investment in Tennessee and works with
Tennessee companies to facilitate expansion and economic growth. Find us on the
web: tnecd.com. Follow us on Twitter: @tnecd.  Like us on Facebook:
facebook.com/tnecd.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 16, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             150 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            October 16, 2015 Friday

Tennessee: Governor Haslam, Commissioner Boyd Announce New Rural Economic
Development Fund

LENGTH: 736 words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Nashville: The state of Tennessee has issued the following news release:



 Tennessee Gov. Bill Haslam and Economic and Community Development Commissioner
Randy Boyd announced today the state is investing $8 million in a new Rural
Economic Development Fund to build capacity for transformative economic
development strategies in rural Tennessee.





 The Rural Economic Development Fund will provide an initial $6 million for Site
Development Grants for communities to help move economic development sites to
shovel-ready status as part of the state's nationally recognized Select
Tennessee Site Certification program.



 The new initiative will also fund $1 million in grants for the enhancement of
tourism sites in rural communities as well as $600,000 for additional ThreeStar
community grants including a Main Street Business Incubator program for downtown
business districts.



 &ldquo;Tennessee has embraced real change in our approach to workforce
readiness with programs like the Tennessee Promise, and these new initiatives
led by TNECD will help build capacity in rural areas and get them ready for
investment and economic success,&rdquo; Haslam said.



 &ldquo;Tennesseans are passionate about their communities,&rdquo; Boyd said.
&ldquo;Here at TNECD, we are passionate about helping them develop dynamic,
diverse economies and thriving communities. This investment will pay off for
decades, helping generations of rural Tennesseans see that their communities
reach full economic potential.&rdquo;



 TNECD announced a renewed focus on rural development, with Boyd appointing Amy
Blaylock New as the department's first assistant commissioner for rural
development. TNECD also organized a statewide Rural Development Task Force.



  Last month the department launched a new marketing campaign for the Memphis
Regional Megasite, a state-owned 4,100-acre industrial site in rural West
Tennessee.



 Boyd and New embarked on listening tours of rural Tennessee this year, meeting
with elected officials, business and civic leaders across the state on the
opportunities and challenges facing rural communities.



 The Rural Economic Development Fund will also provide $250,000 in funding for a
statewide survey of broadband capacity in rural Tennessee - a direct result of
feedback from rural community leaders.



 Boyd and New announced the Rural Economic Development Fund today at the 62nd
Annual Governor's Conference on Economic and Community Development.



 New said the programs the fund helps create are directly tied to feedback the
department received during its listening tours.



 &ldquo;Our department decided to double down on rural economic development
earlier this year,&rdquo; New said. &ldquo;The Rural Economic Development Fund
will help communities stretch their resources to make sure we have asset-based
investment strategies in rural Tennessee. This fund will reinforce the
exceptional work and investment by our local partners to prepare for the future
economic growth.&rdquo;



 The Rural Economic Development Fund includes:



     $6 million Select TN Site Development Grants

     $1 million Tourism-Based Economic Enhancement Program

     $300,000 Main Street Incubator Grants

     $250,000 ThreeStar Community Enhancement Awards

     $250,000 Statewide Broadband Supply/Demand Analysis

     $100,000 ThreeStar Asset Based Planning Assistance

     $75,000 AgLaunch in cooperation with Launch Tennessee



 Funding for the new grant programs comes from one-time revenues in the
department's current budget.



 Community leaders in rural Tennessee will receive information from their
regional offices and TNECD on the application process for the new programs in
the coming months.



 About the Tennessee Department of Economic and Community Development



 Tennessee was named 2014 and 2013 &ldquo;State of the Year&rdquo; for economic
development by Business Facilities magazine. The Tennessee Department of
Economic and Community Development's mission is to develop strategies which help
make Tennessee the No. 1 location in the Southeast for high quality jobs. The
department seeks to attract new corporate investment in Tennessee and works with
Tennessee companies to facilitate expansion and economic growth. Find us on the
web: tnecd.com. Follow us on Twitter: @tnecd.  Like us on Facebook:
facebook.com/tnecd.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 16, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             151 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                  Smallholder

                                August 24, 2009

£3.7 million in rural grants available in the North West

SECTION: SMALLHOLDER NEWS (SM SMALLHOLDER NEWS)

LENGTH: 611 words


The Northwest Regional Development Agency (NWDA) is pleased to announce that
rural businesses, farms and community ventures based in Greater Manchester and
Cheshire can apply for £3.7 million in grants.

Eligible bodies should submit an Expression of Interest (EoI) to the NWDA for
projects which will boost the rural economy.

The NWDA is releasing the funding from the Rural Development Programme for
England (RDPE), a programme running from 2007-2013 which aims to transform the
rural economy and is jointly funded by Defra and the European Union, and managed
by the NWDA.

David Hunter, Head of Rural Development at the NWDA, said: "RDPE in the
Northwest is a significant investment which is working to build a sustainable
future for our rural areas. In order for significant change to take place we
need to support projects which will complement our goals to improve
productivity, increase diversification and lead to long-term positive change.

"This grant money can make a huge difference and I would urge eligible
rurally-based businesses, farmers and social organisations to take advantage of
the opportunities this new grant money can provide, particularly during this
tough economic climate."

Grants are available for projects under four key aims: 1. New ways to add value
to farm and forestry products.

2. Cooperating on the research and development of new products and processes. *
3. Helping farms to diversify into non-agricultural activities 4. Creating and
developing small rural businesses The range of grant available will be from
£5,000 to £100,000 for Cheshire. The maximum grant for Greater Manchester is
£20,000.

1. New ways to add value to farm and forestry products.

This is targeted mainly at producers of the primary products of farming and
forestry, but can benefit others in the supply chain, such as small businesses
which buy local produce and use it to create something else with a higher value.

Example: A small business may buy local milk and turn it into ice-cream or a
horticultural business might require a new low energy processing and packaging
system to increase the value of their product.

2. Cooperating on the research and development of new products and processes Two
or more farming, food and forestry businesses will be involved; these will be
producers, processors and other partners in a supply chain. Primary producers
must always be involved and benefit from the cooperation.

Example: A forestry business and a processor might apply for grant aid to trial
new uses for wood. In this case, the costs of testing out a new treatment
process and design costs, legal (transaction) fees and purchase of equipment may
be supported 3. Farm Diversification These projects may include farm shops,
equine, environmental services, leisure activities. Funding can cover renovation
and new build of small rural buildings for diversified use (not core
agriculture) as office or workspace or other diversification projects. A broad
range of projects will be considered.

4. Creating and developing small rural businesses Rural micro-enterprises (less
than 10 workers and less than (EURO)2m turnover) can apply. A broad range of
projects will be considered.

Greater Manchester will benefit from around £600,000 while Cheshire will be able
to apply for around £3.1 million.

Organisations and businesses interested in applying are asked to look on the
NWDA website at www.nwda.co.uk/rdpedirect for full details of each project,
information on eligibility and how to apply.

This funding is available only in those parts of Cheshire and Greater Manchester
which are not already covered by a Local Action Group.

*Not currently available in Greater Manchester

LOAD-DATE: August 24, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2009 NewsQuest Media Group Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             152 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                   The Original Irregular (Kingfield, Maine)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                February 1, 2012

Loans, grants available for renewable energy and efficiency projects

BYLINE: The Original Irregular staff

LENGTH: 277  words


BANGOR -- Funding is now available to agricultural producers and rural small
businesses to complete a variety of energy-efficiency and renewable-energy
projects. Guaranteed loans and grants are available through the Rural Energy for
America Program.

USDA Rural Development State Director Virginia Manuel said, "This important
program can assist Maine's rural agricultural producers and small businesses in
making operations more energy-efficient and environmentally-friendly, while
reducing energy costs through the use of renewable systems. Ten Maine businesses
received a total of 12 renewable-energy and energy-efficiency grants through
this program last year."

Guaranteed loans, guaranteed loans combined with grants, and grants can be used
for the development and construction of renewable energy systems and for energy
efficiency improvement projects. Grants can fund up to 25 percent of eligible
project costs, and loans and loan/grant combinations fund up to 75 percent.

The Rural Energy for America Program is designed to help agricultural producers
and rural small businesses reduce energy costs and consumption and help meet the
nation's critical energy needs.

For 2012, USDA has approximately $12.5 million in grant and approximately $48.5
million in guaranteed loan program level available nationally.

For more information, contact Beverly Stone, Renewable Energy Coordinator for
Maine, in Bangor at 990-9168 or view details in the Jan. 20, 2012 Federal
Register, pages 2948 through 2954.

Further information on rural programs is available at a local USDA Rural
Development office or by visiting USDA Rural Development's web site at
www.rurdev.usda.gov/me.

LOAD-DATE: March 15, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Economy

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: ORI

                      Copyright 2012 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                     Copyright 2012 The Original Irregular


                             153 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Bangor Daily News (Maine)

                              April 4, 2016 Monday

Maine rural business grants now available

LENGTH: 404 words

DATELINE: BANGOR


- USDA Rural Development State Director Virginia Manuel has announced that
$290,000 is now available for business development projects in Maine's rural
communities through the agency's Rural Business Development Grant (RBDG)
program.


"The RBDG program helps provide rural areas of the state with additional means
for pursuing diverse economic development opportunities, which can lead to job
creation and the strengthening of local economies," said Manuel.


Eligible applicants include public bodies, nonprofit corporations and Native
American tribes, who can utilize these funds for the benefit of private, small
business enterprises in the communities that they serve. Project types can range
from real property development and equipment acquisition, to technical
assistance, planning and training, to revolving loan fund capitalization.


The grant award process is competitive, and priorities are established for:
leveraging other resources, areas of economic distress, lower populations,
higher unemployment, lower incomes, experience of the applicant, small business
start-up or expansion, job creation, and supporting agency initiatives. Projects
that support strategic multi-jurisdictional development, the bioeconomy, local
and regional food systems, renewable energy, and high-poverty areas are
typically looked upon very favorably. Grant awards are also generally under
$100,000 each.


All areas of the state are considered rural and eligible for this program, with
the exceptions of Portland and surrounding parts of Falmouth, Westbrook,
Scarborough, South Portland and Cape Elizabeth.


Applications for RBDG Native-American set-aside funding are due to be submitted
to the USDA Rural Development Maine State Office by April 15. All other
applications for the RBDG program are due by May 2.


For questions or more information on how to apply, please contact Rural
Development Business Programs Specialist Brian Wilson at 990-9168 or
brian.wilson@me.usda.gov


USDA Rural Development has area offices located in Presque Isle, Bangor,
Lewiston and Scarborough, as well as a state office located in Bangor. There are
59 employees working to deliver the agency's housing, business and community
programs, which are designed to improve the economic stability of rural
communities, businesses, residents and farmers, and improve the quality of life
in rural Maine.


Further information on rural programs is available at any local office.

LOAD-DATE: April 4, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2016 Bangor Daily News


                             154 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Bangor Daily News (Maine)

                              April 4, 2016 Monday

Maine rural business grants now available

LENGTH: 404 words

DATELINE: BANGOR


- USDA Rural Development State Director Virginia Manuel has announced that
$290,000 is now available for business development projects in Maine's rural
communities through the agency's Rural Business Development Grant (RBDG)
program.


"The RBDG program helps provide rural areas of the state with additional means
for pursuing diverse economic development opportunities, which can lead to job
creation and the strengthening of local economies," said Manuel.


Eligible applicants include public bodies, nonprofit corporations and Native
American tribes, who can utilize these funds for the benefit of private, small
business enterprises in the communities that they serve. Project types can range
from real property development and equipment acquisition, to technical
assistance, planning and training, to revolving loan fund capitalization.


The grant award process is competitive, and priorities are established for:
leveraging other resources, areas of economic distress, lower populations,
higher unemployment, lower incomes, experience of the applicant, small business
start-up or expansion, job creation, and supporting agency initiatives. Projects
that support strategic multi-jurisdictional development, the bioeconomy, local
and regional food systems, renewable energy, and high-poverty areas are
typically looked upon very favorably. Grant awards are also generally under
$100,000 each.


All areas of the state are considered rural and eligible for this program, with
the exceptions of Portland and surrounding parts of Falmouth, Westbrook,
Scarborough, South Portland and Cape Elizabeth.


Applications for RBDG Native-American set-aside funding are due to be submitted
to the USDA Rural Development Maine State Office by April 15. All other
applications for the RBDG program are due by May 2.


For questions or more information on how to apply, please contact Rural
Development Business Programs Specialist Brian Wilson at 990-9168 or
brian.wilson@me.usda.gov


USDA Rural Development has area offices located in Presque Isle, Bangor,
Lewiston and Scarborough, as well as a state office located in Bangor. There are
59 employees working to deliver the agency's housing, business and community
programs, which are designed to improve the economic stability of rural
communities, businesses, residents and farmers, and improve the quality of life
in rural Maine.


Further information on rural programs is available at any local office.

LOAD-DATE: April 4, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2016 Bangor Daily News


                             155 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Bangor Daily News (Maine)

                              April 4, 2016 Monday

Maine rural business grants now available

LENGTH: 404 words

DATELINE: BANGOR


- USDA Rural Development State Director Virginia Manuel has announced that
$290,000 is now available for business development projects in Maine's rural
communities through the agency's Rural Business Development Grant (RBDG)
program.


"The RBDG program helps provide rural areas of the state with additional means
for pursuing diverse economic development opportunities, which can lead to job
creation and the strengthening of local economies," said Manuel.


Eligible applicants include public bodies, nonprofit corporations and Native
American tribes, who can utilize these funds for the benefit of private, small
business enterprises in the communities that they serve. Project types can range
from real property development and equipment acquisition, to technical
assistance, planning and training, to revolving loan fund capitalization.


The grant award process is competitive, and priorities are established for:
leveraging other resources, areas of economic distress, lower populations,
higher unemployment, lower incomes, experience of the applicant, small business
start-up or expansion, job creation, and supporting agency initiatives. Projects
that support strategic multi-jurisdictional development, the bioeconomy, local
and regional food systems, renewable energy, and high-poverty areas are
typically looked upon very favorably. Grant awards are also generally under
$100,000 each.


All areas of the state are considered rural and eligible for this program, with
the exceptions of Portland and surrounding parts of Falmouth, Westbrook,
Scarborough, South Portland and Cape Elizabeth.


Applications for RBDG Native-American set-aside funding are due to be submitted
to the USDA Rural Development Maine State Office by April 15. All other
applications for the RBDG program are due by May 2.


For questions or more information on how to apply, please contact Rural
Development Business Programs Specialist Brian Wilson at 990-9168 or
brian.wilson@me.usda.gov


USDA Rural Development has area offices located in Presque Isle, Bangor,
Lewiston and Scarborough, as well as a state office located in Bangor. There are
59 employees working to deliver the agency's housing, business and community
programs, which are designed to improve the economic stability of rural
communities, businesses, residents and farmers, and improve the quality of life
in rural Maine.


Further information on rural programs is available at any local office.

LOAD-DATE: April 5, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2016 Bangor Daily News


                             156 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Bangor Daily News (Maine)

                              April 4, 2016 Monday

Maine rural business grants now available

LENGTH: 404 words

DATELINE: BANGOR


- USDA Rural Development State Director Virginia Manuel has announced that
$290,000 is now available for business development projects in Maine's rural
communities through the agency's Rural Business Development Grant (RBDG)
program.


"The RBDG program helps provide rural areas of the state with additional means
for pursuing diverse economic development opportunities, which can lead to job
creation and the strengthening of local economies," said Manuel.


Eligible applicants include public bodies, nonprofit corporations and Native
American tribes, who can utilize these funds for the benefit of private, small
business enterprises in the communities that they serve. Project types can range
from real property development and equipment acquisition, to technical
assistance, planning and training, to revolving loan fund capitalization.


The grant award process is competitive, and priorities are established for:
leveraging other resources, areas of economic distress, lower populations,
higher unemployment, lower incomes, experience of the applicant, small business
start-up or expansion, job creation, and supporting agency initiatives. Projects
that support strategic multi-jurisdictional development, the bioeconomy, local
and regional food systems, renewable energy, and high-poverty areas are
typically looked upon very favorably. Grant awards are also generally under
$100,000 each.


All areas of the state are considered rural and eligible for this program, with
the exceptions of Portland and surrounding parts of Falmouth, Westbrook,
Scarborough, South Portland and Cape Elizabeth.


Applications for RBDG Native-American set-aside funding are due to be submitted
to the USDA Rural Development Maine State Office by April 15. All other
applications for the RBDG program are due by May 2.


For questions or more information on how to apply, please contact Rural
Development Business Programs Specialist Brian Wilson at 990-9168 or
brian.wilson@me.usda.gov


USDA Rural Development has area offices located in Presque Isle, Bangor,
Lewiston and Scarborough, as well as a state office located in Bangor. There are
59 employees working to deliver the agency's housing, business and community
programs, which are designed to improve the economic stability of rural
communities, businesses, residents and farmers, and improve the quality of life
in rural Maine.


Further information on rural programs is available at any local office.

LOAD-DATE: April 5, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2016 Bangor Daily News


                             157 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Las Cruces Sun-News (New Mexico)

                             January 8, 2017 Sunday
                                   1 Edition

Rural development program fosters jobs

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. Z5

LENGTH: 624 words


Nonprofit organizations and government agencies in rural communities have
economic development funds at their fingertips through the Rural Business
Development Grant program (RBDG) of the U.S. Dept. of Agriculture. The program
is designed to support job creation and economic development efforts of
nonprofits and public entities, though small and emerging private businesses can
access those funds for certain projects.

Eligible applicants include state and local governments, Indian tribes,
nonprofits and public and private nonprofit higher education institutions in
communities with 50,000 or fewer residents. Eligible projects include job
training, feasibility studies, land development, rural business incubators and
more.

In November, the Mescalero Apache Tribe received $99,900 to conduct a market
feasibility study and forest assessment for the Mescalero Forest Products mill.
The mill's closure eight years ago resulted in a significant loss of jobs and
revenue for the tribe. RBDG funds will help the tribe take the steps necessary
to reopen the mill, which is expected to create 48 jobs at the site and 110 to
145 additional jobs in related industries.

Another recent grant recipient is the Northwest Council of Governments, which
received $25,000 in December to help pay for a job training program in Grants.
The program, called Solo Works, gives participants the skills needed to do
telemarketing from their homes. Solo Works graduates will be able to contract
with national firms and remain in their communities, no matter how remote. The
RBDG-funded project is overseen by Cibola Communities Economic Development
Foundation and comes at a time when Cibola County is in need of job creation.

Grant funds can be spent on the development of any private business that employs
50 or fewer new employees and has less than $1 million in projected gross
revenues. The law prohibits private businesses from receiving direct grants, but
money can go to a nonprofit or government agency that sets up a revolving loan
fund to lend money to a private business. There is no maximum level of grant
funding, but requests for smaller amounts get top priority.

Applications are evaluated based on the proposed project's consistency with
local development priorities and evidence of potential job creation.

The program also favors projects that support specific goals of the Rural
Development agency and the USDA, its parent department. These projects promote
renewable energy, local food systems and value-added agriculture, rural
cooperatives, businesses owned by minorities or women-owned businesses in
counties where poverty is persistent: Catron, Cibola, Dona Ana, Guadalupe, Luna,
McKinley, Mora, Rio Arriba, Roosevelt, San Juan, San Miguel, Socorro and Taos
counties. Economic need in the area to be served is a USDA Rural Development
priority.

The Rural Development dept. is currently taking applications for RBDG
assistance. To check eligible areas, visit https://eligibility.sc.egov.usda.

gov/eligibility/welcomeAction.do?page

Action=RBSmenu. Applications will be accepted until April 28, 2017.

The RBDG program is administered through the USDA's New Mexico office.
Additional information on this and other rural programs is available by
contacting Jesse Bopp at 505-761-4952 or by visiting https://www.rd.usda.gov/.

USDA Rural Development's mission is to increase economic opportunity and improve
the quality of life for rural residents. It fosters growth in home-ownership,
finances and business development and supports the creation of community and
technology infrastructure.

Finance New Mexico assists individuals and businesses with obtaining skills and
funding resources for their business or idea. To learn more, go to
www.FinanceNewMexico.org.

LOAD-DATE: January 8, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: lru


                       Copyright 2017 Las Cruces Sun-News
                              All Rights Reserved


                             158 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                  Feather River Bulletin (Quincy, California)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                 April 8, 2015

USDA supports business and creates jobs

BYLINE: Feather River Bulletin staff

LENGTH: 254  words


USDA Rural Development California State Director Glenda Humiston recently
announced USDA is seeking applications for grants to support rural businesses
and help create jobs.

"These grants will help support rural businesses all across California," said
Humiston. "Small businesses are the backbone of our rural economies, and with
these funds we are continuing our investment to help rural communities grow and
thrive."

Nationally, more than $28 million is expected to be available under the Rural
Business Development Grant program. Eligible applicants include public bodies,
government entities, Indian tribes and nonprofit organizations with a
demonstrated successful history of administering economic development and
technical assistance programs. Individuals and for-profit businesses are not
eligible to apply.

Grants can be used for technical assistance, job training and other activities.
Grants will be awarded competitively at the state level with a Native American
set aside that is funded through a national competition. There are no
substantive programmatic or operational changes to the RBEG and RBOG programs as
a result of this consolidation. The interim regulations can be found in the
March 25 Federal Register.

Interested applicants are encouraged to contact a local Rural Development office
for more details about the program and how to apply. Applications for Native
American set aside funds must be received by the local Rural Development office
by 4 p.m. PDT May 4 and all others are due by 4 p.m. PDT June 19.

LOAD-DATE: April 24, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Community

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: FTH

                      Copyright 2015 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                     Copyright 2015 Feather River Bulletin


                             159 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


            The Fayetteville Observer (Fayetteville, North Carolina)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             August 18, 2013 Sunday

Funding for rural Cape Fear region projects unsettled in problems with N.C.
Rural Economic Development Center

BYLINE: Catherine Pritchard, The Fayetteville Observer, N.C.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 1118 words


Aug. 18--The state's decision to defund the N.C. Rural Economic Development
Center and take over its work has worried many community leaders and business
people in areas long served by the grant-making organization.

"Everyone's worried. 'Who's going to help us? What's going to happen?' " said
Gary Lanier, director of the Columbus County Economic Development Commission.
"Everyone's concerned that the tools in the toolbox that were there to help us
recruit are all going away."

Not Lanier, though. Not yet, at least.

"I say let it work through," he said. "Let's see how the plans materialize. If
there are issues, I feel our legislators are smart enough to go in and tweak
things."

The private, nonprofit Rural Center was founded in 1987 and grew into a powerful
organization, awarding nearly $600 million in grants to support job creation and
community development in rural areas, including nearly $87 million in the Cape
Fear region. Some of its funding came from federal and private sources, but the
bulk was always provided by North Carolina taxpayers through the General
Assembly.

Last year, the center received more than $16 million in state money, and, under
the budget initially put forward by the N.C. House, would have received even
more in the next two-year budget cycle -- $36 million.

But in mid-July, the state auditor's office issued a scathing report about the
center, criticizing its management of grants and calling the $221,000 salary
paid to President Billy Ray Hall "unreasonable" compared with his professional
peers. The audit also noted the existence of a $242,000 severance fund that had
been set up for Hall, who'd led the organization since the beginning. The fund
was in addition to his regular retirement package.

Hall announced his immediate retirement, and Gov. Pat McCrory's administration
cut off state money to the center.

Commerce Secretary Sharon Decker said the money would go instead to a new
division in her department that will take over rural economic development
efforts. The aim, she said, is to provide more resources to rural areas, not
fewer, but through a process that incorporates accountability.

Among other points, the auditors office said the Rural Center had not diligently
enforced grant reporting requirements and failed to verify job creation or other
performance measures on at least five grants.

Meanwhile, pending grants made by the center will be honored, Decker said -- but
only after review.

That has stalled some projects begun with the promise of grant money from the
center.

Elizabethtown Town Manager Eddie Madden said purchase orders for new water
meters for 2,200 residential customers have languished on his desk for weeks. He
can't submit them because they hinge on a promised $500,000 grant from the Rural
Center.

"We have several projects that are pending," he said. "This has really caused a
lot of interruption to seeing these projects through to completion."

Like several officials, Madden said he was surprised at reports that some Rural
Center grant recipients weren't held accountable when planned developments and
promised jobs failed to materialize. They said their experience was always the
exact opposite.

"They would hold our feet to the fire to make sure all the T's were crossed and
all the I's were dotted," Lanier said. "Nothing slid by, at least with us."

Lanier said one business in his county came close to having to repay some money
to the Rural Center when it was still one job short by its deadline. He said the
center granted the business a six-month extension, but center staffers warned
there would be no others. The business met the extended deadline.

"We've been held very much accountable," said Madden, the Elizabethtown manager.
"We have to demonstrate jobs and provide documentation and follow-up reports on
at least a semi-annual basis. The close-out of grants were audited and
monitored. It really is out of the norm to read anything that would suggest
otherwise."

The documentation didn't bother Madden.

"We've had nothing but a good experience with the Rural Center," he said. "They
understood rural communities. They really understood where we were coming from,
and they really tried to help us."

Local officials said the Rural Center provided their communities with valuable
aid over the years, providing money to help build water and sewer systems, refit
buildings to house new and expanding businesses and helping with workforce
development. They said the efforts have helped rural communities that couldn't
have afforded those projects or economic incentives on their own.

Greg Cummings, director of the Robeson County Office of Economic Development,
said Rural Center grants helped his county bring in much-needed jobs and
investment by businesses. In recent years, those have included plans for a new
bakery for Steven Roberts Original Desserts, an expansion by Harger Lightning &
Grounding and a sweet-potato processing plant for Trinity Frozen Foods.

"The rural center has played a vital role in helping us land companies as far as
helping to get those buildings upfitted," Cummings said. "We would not have
landed them otherwise. There's no way in the world that we could have landed
those projects" without that help.

If development is to keep coming to the state's rural counties, officials said,
the state needs to continue providing incentives that target those areas.

"We've definitely got to have that funding to help the client," Cummings said.

That's where many in rural counties are nervous. They worry that rural areas
will lose economic recruiting tools when the new state-run rural development
operations are put together.

"It's wait and see at this point for us," Madden said.

Donald Porter, chairman of the Raeford-Hoke Economic Development Commission,
said it would be devastating if the state abandons economic development efforts
targeted at rural counties such as his.

But he doesn't believe that will happen.

"I don't believe in change for change's sake," he said. "But I believe the
system as we knew it could always use some tweaking. I just hope that tweaking
isn't at the expense of rural North Carolina."

Porter said he's heard no specifics about the state's plans for handling rural
economic development efforts.

"I'm told that function will be moved to Commerce," he said. "I don't care where
it is just so it's made available to me.

He said he's waiting to see what emerges and how it works.

"If I know the rules, I can play," he said.

Staff writer Catherine Pritchard can be reached at pritchardc@fayobserver.com or
486-3517.

___ (c)2013 The Fayetteville Observer (Fayetteville, N.C.) Visit The
Fayetteville Observer (Fayetteville, N.C.) at www.fayobserver.com Distributed by
MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: August 18, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20130818-FY-Funding-for-rural
-Cape-Fear-region-projects-unsettled-in-problems-with-N-C-Rural-Economic-
Development-Center-0818-20130818

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: FY


                    Copyright 2013 The Fayetteville Observer


                             160 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              The Bismarck Tribune

                              June 22, 2008 Sunday

St. Alexius gets quality award

SECTION: MONEY; Pg. 1B

LENGTH: 398 words


Recently, Agriculture Under Secretary for Rural Development Thomas C. Dorr
announced the selection of 70 rural communities and American Indian
organizations in 24 states to receive $11.5 million in economic development
grants.

The funds are being provided through USDA Rural Development's Rural Business
Enterprise Grant and Rural Business Opportunity Grant programs. The RBEG program
provides funding to finance or develop small and emerging private businesses.
The RBOG program finances training and technical assistance for business
development.

In North Dakota, for example, Achievements Unlimited Foundation received funds
of $193,100 to provide technical assistance to further the growth and
development of veteran-owned small businesses in the Rural Economic Area
Partnership Zone and the Griggs-Steele Empowerment Zone in eastern North Dakota.

In Maddock, the Rural Economic Area Partnership Zone received funds of $99,000
to conduct a feasibility and nutritional study, and a business plan for products
derived from a local livestock feed mill.

Prairie West Development Foundation in Beach received funds of $86,975 to
provide new equipment toward the future development and growth of Bijou Theatre
in Beach.

In Fort Yates, Standing Rock Sioux Tribe plans to use the grant of $150,000 to
provide technical assistance and support to existing and potential entrepreneurs
throughout the Standing Rock Sioux Reservation.

A complete list of grant recipients is available on the USDA Rural Development
Web site at www.rurdev.usda.gov. Funding for individual recipients is contingent
upon their meeting the conditions of the grant agreement.

Hair For You Salon is now under new ownership. They are operating under the name
Hair For You Salon, Spa and Tanning. They have hired two new stylists, Dannielle
Schmidt and Tanya West.

St. Alexius Medical Center received a health care quality award for the overall
performance on the Centers for Medicare &Medicaid Services quality measures. The
award was present to St. Alexius Medical Center by North Dakota Health Care
Review Inc.

Health care quality awards were given in conjunction with NDHCRI's Health Care
Quality Improvement Program. The awards were based on the hospital's performance
and degree of improvement on the quality measures for the treatment of acute
myocardial infarction, heart failure, pneumonia and surgical care. Business
digest

LOAD-DATE: June 23, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


       Copyright 2008 The Bismarck Tribune, a division of Lee Enterprises
                              All Rights Reserved


                             161 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     The Journal Record (Oklahoma City, OK)

                             April 18, 2006 Tuesday

Rural Oklahoma developments grants approved

BYLINE: Journal Record Staff

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 206  words


U.S. Department of Agriculture Rural Development has approved six grants in
Oklahoma totaling $517,000. </p>

The Rural Business Enterprise Grant program is for public agencies, nonprofit
organizations and federally recognized Native American tribal groups. </p>

High Plains Resource Conservation and Development in Buffalo received a $99,000
grant to establish a revolving loan fund. The revolving loan funds will be used
by to make loans to small businesses. </p>

Guymon Utilities Authority also received a $99,500 grant to buy a building for a
business incubator. The business incubator will have room for six businesses.
</p>

Cross Timbers Resource Conservation and Development in Okemah received a $99,000
grant to create a revolving loan fund for a business management training
program. </p>

The Frederick Economic Development Authority received a $20,000 grant used to
replenish a revolving loan fund. </p>

Clayton received $100,000 to expand water and sewer infrastructure into the
town's industrial park. </p>

The Ardmore Development Authority received a $99,900 grant Amethyst Research
Inc., a startup company developing semiconductor process technology. </p>

Information on applying for grants is available by calling (405) 742-1060. </p>

LOAD-DATE: April 18, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Government activity

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2006 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved


                             162 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              Tivyside Advertiser

                            August 13, 2009 Thursday

Rural businesses to benefit from new grant fund

SECTION: NEWS (TIVY NEWS)

LENGTH: 360 words


Rural businesses in Carmarthenshire could benefit from a new £1.2million grant
fund being launched by Carmarthenshire County Council.

The Rural Conversion Grant will enable eligible new or existing businesses to
convert redundant buildings for business use.

This project has received funding through the Rural Development Plan for Wales
2007-2013 which is funded by the Welsh Assembly Government and the European
Agricultural Fund for Rural Development and is supported by Carmarthenshire
County Council.

Applicants demonstrating a need for support can apply for up to 50 per cent of
the eligible project cost. Applications that will be considered must provide
tangible benefits to the local economy in terms of quantity and quality of
direct jobs created or safeguarded as a result of the grant.

Physical Regeneration Project Officer Mike Bull said: "The scheme is now
welcoming applications and our team will be able to provide full support during
the application process to guide people through in the hope that their
applications will be successful."

The new grant scheme is part of a £7million package of schemes to have received
Rural Development Plan funding, which is worth around £800million to Wales up
until 2013.

The new grants will build on the success of the former Strategic Town and
Villages programme, which led to a £2.4million investment in towns across the
county. The aim of this scheme is to offer the same support to businesses in
rural areas by providing suitable premises for them to be located in those
areas.

Cllr Clive Scourfield, executive board member for regeneration, said: "The Rural
Conversion Grant is a tremendous opportunity for entrepreneurs in rural
Carmarthenshire to secure capital funding to expand, safeguard or establish
their business.

"This money will bring many economic benefits to businesses in rural
Carmarthenshire. It marks a major step forward in the ongoing regeneration of
the county and supports the innovative work that the council is leading to
support and develop our communities."

For further information about the Rural Conversion Grant contact Mike Bull on
01267 242338 or email MABull@carmarthenshire.gov.uk

LOAD-DATE: August 13, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2009 NewsQuest Media Group Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             163 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             July 30, 2016 Saturday

Washington: Outreach and Assistance for Socially Disadvantaged and Veteran
Farmers and Ranchers Grant Program

LENGTH: 499  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: Office of the MP Chellie Pingree has issued the following news
release:



 USDA Rural Business-Cooperative Administrator Sam Rikkers today announced that
USDA is seeking applications for grants to provide assistance to
socially-disadvantaged business groups in rural areas.





 "Rural America is an incredibly diverse place with many types of businesses and
business owners participating in the economy," Rikkers said. "This funding will
give small, rural businesses the technical assistance they need to compete in
the global marketplace."



 The funding is being provided through the Socially Disadvantaged Groups Grant
(SDGG) program. USDA provides grants to local cooperatives and other
organizations that provide technical assistance to socially disadvantaged groups
in rural areas. Examples of technical assistance include providing leadership
training, conducting feasibility studies and developing business and strategic
plans.



 Recipients eligible for these grants include groups of cooperatives, individual
cooperatives and cooperative development centers that serve
socially-disadvantaged groups. The cooperatives or development centers can be
based in any area, but the groups that receive technical assistance must be
located in an eligible rural area. USDA is encouraging applications for projects
in census tracts with poverty rates of 20 percent or higher.



 USDA is making $3 million in grants available. The maximum award a recipient
may receive is $175,000. All grants are awarded through a national competition.
More information on how to apply can be found on page 36254 of the June 6, 2016
Federal Register. Applications must be submitted by August 5, 2016, or
electronically by August 1, 2016.



 USDA awarded 126 grants totaling $19.5 million through the Socially
Disadvantaged Groups Grant program between 2009 and 2015.



 Past recipients of these grants have been able to make life-changing
improvements in rural areas. For example, in 2013, the Southern California Focus
on Cooperation received a $200,000 SDGG grant to provide technical assistance to
95 immigrant and minority farmers. The technical assistance helped the farmers
improve their productive capacity, helped them better manage their cooperative
business and increased their revenue. Many of the farmers helped by this project
had spent years suffering from persecution and oppression and had had no access
to formal schooling in their native lands.



 Since 2009, USDA Rural Development (@USDARD) has invested $11 billion to start
or expand 103,000 rural businesses; helped 1.1 million rural residents buy
homes; funded nearly 7,000 community facilities such as schools, public safety
and health care facilities; financed 185,000 miles of electric transmission and
distribution lines; and helped bring high-speed Internet access to nearly 6
million rural residents and businesses.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:

 editorial@plusmediasolutions.com



LOAD-DATE: July 31, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             164 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                              Western Morning News

                            January 30, 2017 Monday

Last SW chance to grab EU cash

SECTION: BUSINESS:OTHER; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 469  words


European funding totalling more than £12 million is up for grabs - offering
opportunities for rural businesses in the South West, but highlights the fact
that Brussels will no longer be making investments in the Westcountry once
Britain  quits the EU.

Brussels' European Agricultural Fund for Rural Development (EAFRD) supports
projects that increase rural jobs, growth and productivity in the Heart of the
South West.

Steve Hindley, chairman of the Heart of the South West Local Enterprise
Partnership, (LEP)  said the LEP had worked with the Rural Payments Agency to
bring forward these new funding opportunities. "We are delighted to be able to
call for applicants," he added.

And he went on: "The rural economy is of great importance to the Heart of the
South West, and part of our strategic economic plan is to build on our
distinctive assets which are partly attributed to our rural aspects.

"We encourage rural businesses and organisations with relevant project proposals
to apply for this new funding."

Rural businesses and organisations can now apply to the Rural Payments Agency
(RPA) for grants through the Rural Development Programme for England (RDPE)
Growth Programme. Funding is split across three specific strands:

£2,784,740 for Rural Business Development Grants.  Farm businesses diversifying
into non-agricultural activity and new or existing micro and small businesses
(including social enterprises) in rural areas can apply for capital grants
between £35,000 and £170,000 to support business start-up or expansion.

£7,540,000 for Food Processing Grants. New or existing food and drink processing
businesses (including farm businesses diversifying into food and drink
processing) can apply for capital grants from £35,000 to support business
start-up or expansion.

£2,088,555 for Rural Tourism Infrastructure. Rural businesses, farmers, land
owners, charities and public bodies can apply for capital grants from £35,000
for projects that improve the local rural tourism offer by delivering new or
enhanced rural tourism assets and infrastructure.

There is a competitive and two-stage application process, comprising an
expression of interest and a full application. Match-funding is also required.

The Heart of the South West is one of the most rural LEP areas in the country,
with 91% of its land area classified as rural.

The business population spans both the rural and urban environment on a roughly
50:50 basis.

For projects with a funding agreement in place prior to the UK's exit from the
EU, funding will be guaranteed by the Treasury even if projects continue beyond
the UK's departure from the EU.

But there will be no new applications after Brexit and so far it is unclear what
level of support for regional rural projects will be put in place by the
Government to replace the funding.

LOAD-DATE: January 29, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                           Copyright 2017 Localworld
                              All Rights Reserved


                             165 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Deming Headlight (New Mexico)

                              May 11, 2014 Sunday

USDA funding availale for Ec. development

BYLINE: For the Headlight

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 489 words


ALBUQUERQUE, N.M. >> USDA Rural Development State Director Terry Brunner
announced today the availability of competitive grant funds to support the
development of rural cooperatives.

Across the nation a total of $5.8 million is available this year for the Rural
Coop Development Grant (RCDG) program and an additional $3 million will be
available for Small Socially-Disadvantaged Producer Grants, a subset of the RCDG
program. The notices of funding availability appeared in the Federal Register on
April 30, 2014.

In making the announcement Brunner said, "The primary objective of the RCDG
program is to improve the economic condition of rural areas by assisting
individuals or entities in the start-up, expansion or improvement of rural
cooperatives and other business entities." Brunner added, "The grants are
awarded competitively on an annual basis to Rural Cooperative Development
Centers who in turn provide technical assistance to individuals and entities."

The RCDG is available for non-profit corporations or higher education
institutions for the purpose of establishing or upgrading centers for training
in cooperative development. Each applicant can apply for up to $200,000, funds
are required for twenty-five percent of the total project cost. Grant funds may
be used to pay for up to 75 percent of the cost of establishing and operating
centers for rural cooperative development, or 95 percent in the case of tribal
land grant institutions. The grant term is one year. Applications that support
rural areas with at least 20 percent of the population at poverty level are
particularly encouraged.

An additional $3 million is available through the Small Socially-Disadvantaged
Producer Grants program for eligible applicants including; cooperatives and
groups of cooperatives as well as cooperative development centers who will
provide technical assistance to small, socially-disadvantaged agricultural
producers in rural areas. The maximum award amount is $200,000, and no matching
funds are required.

The deadline for both the RCDG and SSDPG funding through electronic applications
are due June 26, 2014, and hard-copy applications are due June 30, 2014.

For information on the application process please contact Rodney Peach the Rural
Business and Cooperative Service program director in New Mexico by calling
505-761-4953 or rodney.peach@nm.usda.gov more information for RCDG can be found
on this USDA webpage and for SSDPG on this USDA site.

President Obama's plan for rural America has brought about historic investment
and resulted in stronger rural communities. Under the President's leadership,
these investments in housing, community facilities, businesses and
infrastructure have empowered rural America to continue leading the way
strengthening America's economy, small towns and rural communities.

USDA's investments in rural communities support the rural way of life that
stands as the backbone of our American values.

LOAD-DATE: May 12, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


          Copyright 2014 Deming Headlight, a MediaNews Group Newspaper
                              All Rights Reserved


                             166 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                          The Mirror (Pahrump, Nevada)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                February 2, 2012

USDA has rural business energy grants and loans available

BYLINE: The Mirror staff

LENGTH: 497  words


Announced in Carson City on January 23, the Nevada Office of the United States
Department of Agriculture's (USDA) Rural Development has grant and loan
guarantee funds available for the 2012 year for both agricultural producers and
small rural businesses. The funds would allow these two groups to improve their
energy efficiency or build renewable energy systems to reduce energy operating
costs. The Rural Energy for America Program (REAP) provides funds for projects
that typically involve installing or upgrading equipment to significantly reduce
energy use. Eligible applicants for energy audits include state, tribe or local
government, land-grant colleges and universities, rural electric cooperatives
and public power entities.

The grants and loans are available to communities anywhere in Nevada of 50,000
or less residents. In the past, the grants and loans have been used by Nevadans
to develop hydropower systems for ranch irrigation, to build a wind turbine to
offset business energy costs, to install high efficiency HVAC systems, allowing
a business to reduce energy usage and costs and for the Desert Research
Institute to conduct energy audits for small business and agricultural
producers.

The USDA in Nevada has an allocation that will fund two to four grant projects,
depending on the project size and cost. Additional applicants may be able to
participate in a national competition. For 2012, the USDA has approximately
$25.4 million in funds available nationwide with a minimum of $12.5 million in
grant funds and the ability to support approximately $48.5 million in the
guaranteed loan program.

The USDA is accepting applications for renewable energy system and energy
efficiency improvement grants until March 30, 2012. Applications for renewable
energy system and energy efficiency improvement guaranteed loans will be
accepted on a continuous basis until June 29, 2012. Renewable energy system
feasibility study applications will be accepted through March 30, 2012. And
finally energy audits and renewable energy development assistance applications
will be accepted through February 21, 2012.

Potential applicants should be aware that a loan guarantee application will be
forwarded to the USDA Rural Development from an eligible lender and that grants
and guaranteed loans can be combined to cover larger project costs.

Nevada agricultural producers and rural businesses should contact USDA Rural
Development Energy coordinator Mark Williams at (775) 887-1222, extension 116
for more information. Potential applicants may also view the information on the
USDA website at http://www.rurdev.usda.gov/nvreapprogam. html or the Federal,
Register, pages 2948 through 2954. All applications must be sent to the USDA
Rural Development office in Carson City, 1390 S. Curry St. Carson City NV 89703.

Contact author Belinda Hendrickson by emailing belinda.themirror@gmail.com

"The grants and loans are available to communities anywhere in Nevada of 50,000
or less residents."

LOAD-DATE: March 16, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Business

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: PAH

                      Copyright 2012 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                  Copyright 2012 The Mirror (Pahrump, Nevada)


                             167 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            March 31, 2016 Thursday

Washington: Rep. Poliquin Announces Grant for Business Development Projects in
Maine's Rural Areas

LENGTH: 249  words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Washington: Office of the MP Bruce Poliquin has issued the following news
release:



 Today, Maine's Second District Congressman, Bruce Poliquin, announced the U.S.
Department of Agriculture (USDA) will issue $290,000 of funding for business
development projects in Maine's rural communities through the Rural Business
Development Grant (RBDG).









 "It is critical that our communities in Maine, especially those in our State's
rural areas, have the support they need to develop a climate for job growth and
business expansion," said Congressman Poliquin.  "This grant will help provide
the tools for our local businesses to hire more workers."







 "The RBDG program helps provide rural areas of the state with additional means
for pursuing diverse economic development opportunities, which can lead to job
creation and the strengthening of local economies," said USDA Rural Development
State Director Virginia Manuel.







 According to the USDA press release, applicants that are eligible to apply for
these grants include public bodies, nonprofit corporations, and Native American
tribes, who can utilize these funds for the benefit of private, small business
enterprises in the communities that they serve.  Project types can range from
real property development and equipment acquisition, to technical assistance,
planning and training, to revolving loan fund capitalization.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:

 editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: April 1, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             168 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                  Bourne Local

                          November 25, 2015 Wednesday

Rural businesses in South Kesteven are invited to bid for funding totalling
almost £3m

LENGTH: 457  words


Rural businesses can now apply for funding for expansion or new projects to
support and grow the rural economy.

An information event held in Bourne in September attracted a full house of
interested parties, and organisers are now inviting outline applications.

£1.53m of grant funding has been allocated to the Local Action Zone (LAZ) around
Grantham (the Kestevens LEADER fund) and £1.42m is available in the LEADER Wash
and Fens LAZ area, including Stamford, Bourne and The Deepings.

The EU-funded Leader programme is scheduled to run for five years to create
jobs, develop a new or existing business, improve productivity and efficiency,
increase tourism visitors or improve rural services and communities.

Businesses, community groups and parish councils are amongst those who can apply
for projects ranging from increasing farm productivity, supporting micro and
small businesses and farm diversification, boosting  rural tourism, providing
rural services, providing cultural and heritage activities where this promotes
growth in the tourism economy, and increasing forestry productivity.

It is the first time that a LEADER programme funding aimed at supporting growth,
jobs and services within the rural economy has included South Kesteven.

For commercial projects the grant available is 40 per cent, with private funds
needed to cover the remaining 60 per cent. For non-profit-making projects the
available grant is 80 per cent, with private funds needed to cover the other 20
per cent.

The minimum grant is £2,500 and the maximum that can be applied for is £141,302.
Organisers expect that the average grant will be between £2,500 and £40,000.

Steve Ingram, South Kesteven District Council's strategic director development
and growth, said: "We are committed to helping small businesses start up and
develop and the availability of this new grant funding is a major step forward
for our rural areas.

"This is the first time since the days of the rural development agencies that
South Kesteven businesses have had access to rural funding. We have pushed hard
for this funding and recognition of the need for it and we want to encourage as
many businesses as possible to apply."

LEADER is a European fund aimed at economic growth in rural communities. The
fund is managed through the Rural Payments Agency on behalf of DEFRA in England,
as part of the Rural Development Programme for England (RDPE).

{http://www.lincolnshire.gov.uk/business/lcc-services-for-business/
economic-regeneration/funding/| Click here for details of how to apply for a
grant and for further information} or email LincsLEADER@lincolnshire.gov.uk

Alternatively, contact sheila.whittle@lincolnshire.gov.uk (01522 550642) or
judy.bell@lincolnshire.gov.uk (01507 354561).

LOAD-DATE: November 25, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: MTLO


                       Copyright 2015 Johnston Press Plc
                              All Rights Reserved


                             169 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                Grantham Journal

                          November 25, 2015 Wednesday

Rural businesses in South Kesteven are invited to bid for funding totalling
almost £3m

LENGTH: 457  words


Rural businesses can now apply for funding for expansion or new projects to
support and grow the rural economy.

An information event held in Bourne in September attracted a full house of
interested parties, and organisers are now inviting outline applications.

£1.53m of grant funding has been allocated to the Local Action Zone (LAZ) around
Grantham (the Kestevens LEADER fund) and £1.42m is available in the LEADER Wash
and Fens LAZ area, including Stamford, Bourne and The Deepings.

The EU-funded Leader programme is scheduled to run for five years to create
jobs, develop a new or existing business, improve productivity and efficiency,
increase tourism visitors or improve rural services and communities.

Businesses, community groups and parish councils are amongst those who can apply
for projects ranging from increasing farm productivity, supporting micro and
small businesses and farm diversification, boosting  rural tourism, providing
rural services, providing cultural and heritage activities where this promotes
growth in the tourism economy, and increasing forestry productivity.

It is the first time that a LEADER programme funding aimed at supporting growth,
jobs and services within the rural economy has included South Kesteven.

For commercial projects the grant available is 40 per cent, with private funds
needed to cover the remaining 60 per cent. For non-profit-making projects the
available grant is 80 per cent, with private funds needed to cover the other 20
per cent.

The minimum grant is £2,500 and the maximum that can be applied for is £141,302.
Organisers expect that the average grant will be between £2,500 and £40,000.

Steve Ingram, South Kesteven District Council's strategic director development
and growth, said: "We are committed to helping small businesses start up and
develop and the availability of this new grant funding is a major step forward
for our rural areas.

"This is the first time since the days of the rural development agencies that
South Kesteven businesses have had access to rural funding. We have pushed hard
for this funding and recognition of the need for it and we want to encourage as
many businesses as possible to apply."

LEADER is a European fund aimed at economic growth in rural communities. The
fund is managed through the Rural Payments Agency on behalf of DEFRA in England,
as part of the Rural Development Programme for England (RDPE).

{http://www.lincolnshire.gov.uk/business/lcc-services-for-business/
economic-regeneration/funding/| Click here for details of how to apply for a
grant and for further information} or email LincsLEADER@lincolnshire.gov.uk

Alternatively, contact sheila.whittle@lincolnshire.gov.uk (01522 550642) or
judy.bell@lincolnshire.gov.uk (01507 354561).

LOAD-DATE: November 25, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: MGJP


                       Copyright 2015 Johnston Press Plc
                              All Rights Reserved


                             170 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                Stamford Mercury

                          November 25, 2015 Wednesday

Rural businesses in South Kesteven are invited to bid for funding totalling
almost £3m

LENGTH: 457  words


Rural businesses can now apply for funding for expansion or new projects to
support and grow the rural economy.

An information event held in Bourne in September attracted a full house of
interested parties, and organisers are now inviting outline applications.

£1.53m of grant funding has been allocated to the Local Action Zone (LAZ) around
Grantham (the Kestevens LEADER fund) and £1.42m is available in the LEADER Wash
and Fens LAZ area, including Stamford, Bourne and The Deepings.

The EU-funded Leader programme is scheduled to run for five years to create
jobs, develop a new or existing business, improve productivity and efficiency,
increase tourism visitors or improve rural services and communities.

Businesses, community groups and parish councils are amongst those who can apply
for projects ranging from increasing farm productivity, supporting micro and
small businesses and farm diversification, boosting  rural tourism, providing
rural services, providing cultural and heritage activities where this promotes
growth in the tourism economy, and increasing forestry productivity.

It is the first time that a LEADER programme funding aimed at supporting growth,
jobs and services within the rural economy has included South Kesteven.

For commercial projects the grant available is 40 per cent, with private funds
needed to cover the remaining 60 per cent. For non-profit-making projects the
available grant is 80 per cent, with private funds needed to cover the other 20
per cent.

The minimum grant is £2,500 and the maximum that can be applied for is £141,302.
Organisers expect that the average grant will be between £2,500 and £40,000.

Steve Ingram, South Kesteven District Council's strategic director development
and growth, said: "We are committed to helping small businesses start up and
develop and the availability of this new grant funding is a major step forward
for our rural areas.

"This is the first time since the days of the rural development agencies that
South Kesteven businesses have had access to rural funding. We have pushed hard
for this funding and recognition of the need for it and we want to encourage as
many businesses as possible to apply."

LEADER is a European fund aimed at economic growth in rural communities. The
fund is managed through the Rural Payments Agency on behalf of DEFRA in England,
as part of the Rural Development Programme for England (RDPE).

{http://www.lincolnshire.gov.uk/business/lcc-services-for-business/
economic-regeneration/funding/| Click here for details of how to apply for a
grant and for further information} or email LincsLEADER@lincolnshire.gov.uk

Alternatively, contact sheila.whittle@lincolnshire.gov.uk (01522 550642) or
judy.bell@lincolnshire.gov.uk (01507 354561).

LOAD-DATE: November 25, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: MSMP


                       Copyright 2015 Johnston Press Plc
                              All Rights Reserved


                             171 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          Corsicana Daily Sun (Texas)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             March 28, 2010 Sunday

USDA Rural Development office day to be held Tuesday

BYLINE: Corsicana Daily Sun, Texas

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 609 words


Mar. 28--CORSICANA -- Representatives of USDA Rural Development will be holding
a Rural Development office day for Navarro County from 10 to 11:30 a.m. Tuesday
at the Kerens Library, located at 121 S. Colket Ave., Kerens. Information will
be provided about USDA Rural Development's housing, community, and business and
cooperative programs.

USDA Rural Development works to ensure that rural residents can participate
fully in the global marketplace, by providing programs that assist rural
Americans in building strong economies and to increase economic opportunities
and improve their quality of life. Representatives will be available to answer
individual questions and assist applicants with their applications in all
program areas.

USDA Rural Development's housing programs offer loans and grants to very low to
moderate income households in towns and cities meeting certain population
requirements. Loans are primarily used to help income eligible individuals or
households purchase homes in rural areas. Funds can be used to build, repair,
and renovate a home, or to purchase and prepare sites, including providing water
and sewage facilities. For very low-income families who own homes in need of
repair, the Home Repair Loan and Grant Program offers loans and grants for
renovation. Money may be provided, for example, to repair a leaking roof; to
construct a front-door ramp for someone using a wheelchair; make repairs to
damaged or faulty wiring or to install a septic system for the home.

USDA Rural Development's community programs enhance the quality of life for
rural Texans by providing funds to governmental entities, nonprofit
organizations and Indian tribes for essential community facilities and services.
Funds may be used for a wide range of various community projects. These include,
but are not limited to, projects such as those which will enlarge, improve or
construct schools, libraries, farmers markets, medical clinics, assisted living
centers, public buildings, community centers and fund new and improved water and
wastewater facilities. Funds are also available for entities to purchase public
safety equipment such as ambulances, fire fighting equipment, and other
emergency required implements.

Entrepreneurship plays a vital role in the economic stability of rural Texas.
With USDA Rural Development's business and cooperative programs, rural
businesses can gain access to funds that normally would not be available to
them. USDA Rural Development's business and cooperative programs provide the
needed capital to expand economic opportunities and development in rural areas
throughout Texas by working with banks and community lenders. The Rural Energy
for America Program offers grants, guaranteed loans, and combination grant/
guaranteed loans to help agricultural producers and rural small businesses
purchase and install renewable energy systems and make energy efficiency
improvements in rural areas.

Anyone who is interested in learning more about these or any of the programs, is
invited to come by and visit. For more information regarding USDA Rural
Development programs, contact the Hillsboro Area Office at (254) 582-7328, Ext.
4, or by visiting the Web site at www.rurdev.usda.gov/tx/.

To see more of the Corsicana Daily Sun, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.corsicanadailysun.com/. Copyright (c) 2010, Corsicana Daily Sun,
Texas Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: March 29, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20100328-XQ-USDA-Rural-Development-office-day-to-be-held-Tuesday-0328

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: XQ


                       Copyright 2010 Corsicana Daily Sun


                             172 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          Corsicana Daily Sun (Texas)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             March 26, 2010 Friday

USDA Rural Development office day to be held Tuesday

BYLINE: Corsicana Daily Sun, Texas

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 609 words


Mar. 26--CORSICANA -- Representatives of USDA Rural Development will be holding
a Rural Development office day for Navarro County from 10 to 11:30 a.m. Tuesday
at the Kerens Library, located at 121 S. Colket Ave., Kerens. Information will
be provided about USDA Rural Development's housing, community, and business and
cooperative programs.

USDA Rural Development works to ensure that rural residents can participate
fully in the global marketplace, by providing programs that assist rural
Americans in building strong economies and to increase economic opportunities
and improve their quality of life. Representatives will be available to answer
individual questions and assist applicants with their applications in all
program areas.

USDA Rural Development's housing programs offer loans and grants to very low to
moderate income households in towns and cities meeting certain population
requirements. Loans are primarily used to help income eligible individuals or
households purchase homes in rural areas. Funds can be used to build, repair,
and renovate a home, or to purchase and prepare sites, including providing water
and sewage facilities. For very low-income families who own homes in need of
repair, the Home Repair Loan and Grant Program offers loans and grants for
renovation. Money may be provided, for example, to repair a leaking roof; to
construct a front-door ramp for someone using a wheelchair; make repairs to
damaged or faulty wiring or to install a septic system for the home.

USDA Rural Development's community programs enhance the quality of life for
rural Texans by providing funds to governmental entities, nonprofit
organizations and Indian tribes for essential community facilities and services.
Funds may be used for a wide range of various community projects. These include,
but are not limited to, projects such as those which will enlarge, improve or
construct schools, libraries, farmers markets, medical clinics, assisted living
centers, public buildings, community centers and fund new and improved water and
wastewater facilities. Funds are also available for entities to purchase public
safety equipment such as ambulances, fire fighting equipment, and other
emergency required implements.

Entrepreneurship plays a vital role in the economic stability of rural Texas.
With USDA Rural Development's business and cooperative programs, rural
businesses can gain access to funds that normally would not be available to
them. USDA Rural Development's business and cooperative programs provide the
needed capital to expand economic opportunities and development in rural areas
throughout Texas by working with banks and community lenders. The Rural Energy
for America Program offers grants, guaranteed loans, and combination grant/
guaranteed loans to help agricultural producers and rural small businesses
purchase and install renewable energy systems and make energy efficiency
improvements in rural areas.

Anyone who is interested in learning more about these or any of the programs, is
invited to come by and visit. For more information regarding USDA Rural
Development programs, contact the Hillsboro Area Office at (254) 582-7328, Ext.
4, or by visiting the Web site at www.rurdev.usda.gov/tx/.

To see more of the Corsicana Daily Sun, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.corsicanadailysun.com/. Copyright (c) 2010, Corsicana Daily Sun,
Texas Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: March 27, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20100326-XQ-USDA-Rural-Development-office-day-to-be-held-Tuesday-0326

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: XQ


                       Copyright 2010 Corsicana Daily Sun


                             173 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           The Taos News (New Mexico)

                           December 11, 2008 Thursday

RURAL NEW MEXICO GETS $84.3M IN FEDERALLY FUNDED LOANS, GRANTS

BYLINE: STAFF REPORT

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. B-9

LENGTH: 436 words


Staff Report

The U.S. Department of Agriculture's Rural Development provided more than $84
million in loans and grants throughout rural New Mexico.

The funds were used for the construction of water, wastewater and other
infrastructure projects and in support of business development and home
ownership.

"I am really proud of our Rural Development staff and I'm honored to be leading
an organization that makes such a difference in the lives of rural New
Mexicans," USDA Rural Development State Director Ryan Gleason said in a press
release. "Even during these difficult economic times, we have made possible the
creation of quality jobs, financed affordable housing and ensured that clean
water is available to those living in rural New Mexico. In fact, this was the
single most productive year in the history of our organization."

This was the single largest amount that Rural Development staff has ever funded
in a fiscal year. Through RD Programs, loans and grants were distributed to
rural New Mexicans in the following areas:

¥ The Business Program issued $22.8 million in federal funds for 15 business
projects that created or saved more than 206 jobs in rural New Mexico.

Business projects received more than $900,000 in grant money allocated to
nonprofit organizations for business studies or to provide equipment.

¥ The Water and Environmental Program financed a total of over $29.3 million in
loans and grants to build or refurbish 32 water and wastewater projects located
in communities of less than 10,000 people in rural New Mexico.

¥ The Community Facility Program financed 12 projects, including the
construction of numerous community buildings and the purchase of first responder
equipment, for a total of slightly more than $5 million.

¥ The Housing Program awarded loans and grants in the amount of $27.1 million in
several housing programs including mortgage loans to 355 families. This
financing included $7.8 million financed the remodeling of homes belonging to
the elderly and another $115,000 was given to a nonprofit to further assist in
the restoration of older homes through the Housing Preservation Grant (HPG)
program.

This also reflects a $1.3 million loan made in conjunction with other funding to
build the Falcon Ridge apartment complex which replaced the Los Caballos
apartments in Hatch that was destroyed by a flood in 2006.

USDA Rural Development's mission is to increase economic opportunity and improve
the quality of life in rural communities.

Further information on rural programs is available at a local USDA Rural
Development office or by visiting USDA's Web site at www.rurdev.usda.gov.

LOAD-DATE: January 14, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: See pdf's for exact rendition, caption, graphics and photographer info.


PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2008 The Taos News
                              All Rights Reserved


                             174 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Bangor Daily News (Maine)

                            November 13, 2015 Friday

Westfield venture nets federal grant

LENGTH: 479 words

DATELINE: WESTFIELD


- A growing hops business is among four companies in Maine to receive grant
funding from USDA Rural Development.


Rural agricultural businesses located in Livermore, Waldoboro, Westfield, and
Acton will receive Value-Added Producer Grants totaling $247,702 to boost their
production efforts, announced Rural Development Deputy Undersecretary Vernita F.
Dore recently.


Aroostook Hops, LLC, of Westfield has been selected to receive a grant in the
amount of $24,413. Funds will be used to pay for labor costs and to purchase
consumable supplies to produce pelletized hops from fresh hops and to package
the pellets in nitrogen-flushed, vacuum-sealed, labeled Mylar bags as well as
for marketing and promotional expenses.


The funding comes from USDA Rural Development's Value-Added Producer Grant
program.


"This funding will enable farmers and ranchers to develop new products, improve
the bottom line for their operations and help create a robust local and regional
food system," Dore said. "Value-Added Producer Grants provide capital to enable
ag producers to grow their business through diversification. USDA's support is
especially important for beginning farmers and smaller farm operations."


USDA Rural Development State Director Virginia Manuel said, "This investment by
USDA Rural Development supports the innovation and vision of these four rural
Maine agricultural entrepreneurs who are looking to expand marketing
opportunities for their value-added agricultural products. These grants will
help contribute to the long-term sustainability of each business and aid in
retaining and creating jobs in Maine."


According to the USDA, these grants can be used to develop new agricultural
products or additional markets for existing ones. Military veterans, socially
disadvantaged and beginning farmers and ranchers, operators of small- and
medium-sized family farms and ranches, and farmer and rancher cooperatives are
given priority when applying for the money.


The actual funding of each award announced today is contingent upon the
recipient meeting the terms of the grant agreement.


Also awarded were Century Elm Farms, dba Boothby's Orchard and Farm of
Livermore; Maine Top Mill, LLC, of Waldoboro; and Cara Sammons, dba Flying Goat
Farm, located in Acton.


Since 2009, USDA has awarded 1,115 Value-Added Producer Grants totaling $154
million. Approximately 18 percent of the grants and 14 percent of total funding
has been awarded to beginning farmers and ranchers. During 2015, more than
one-third of the awards went to farmers and ranchers developing products for the
local foods sector.


Rural Development helped 84 agricultural producers carry out local foods
projects in 2014 through almost $8.9 million in Value-Added Producer Grant
awards.


USDA Rural Development has area offices located in Presque Isle, Bangor,
Lewiston, and Scarborough, as well as a state office in Bangor.

LOAD-DATE: November 13, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2015 Bangor Daily News


                             175 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Bangor Daily News (Maine)

                            November 13, 2015 Friday

Westfield venture nets federal grant

LENGTH: 479 words

DATELINE: WESTFIELD


- A growing hops business is among four companies in Maine to receive grant
funding from USDA Rural Development.


Rural agricultural businesses located in Livermore, Waldoboro, Westfield, and
Acton will receive Value-Added Producer Grants totaling $247,702 to boost their
production efforts, announced Rural Development Deputy Undersecretary Vernita F.
Dore recently.


Aroostook Hops, LLC, of Westfield has been selected to receive a grant in the
amount of $24,413. Funds will be used to pay for labor costs and to purchase
consumable supplies to produce pelletized hops from fresh hops and to package
the pellets in nitrogen-flushed, vacuum-sealed, labeled Mylar bags as well as
for marketing and promotional expenses.


The funding comes from USDA Rural Development's Value-Added Producer Grant
program.


"This funding will enable farmers and ranchers to develop new products, improve
the bottom line for their operations and help create a robust local and regional
food system," Dore said. "Value-Added Producer Grants provide capital to enable
ag producers to grow their business through diversification. USDA's support is
especially important for beginning farmers and smaller farm operations."


USDA Rural Development State Director Virginia Manuel said, "This investment by
USDA Rural Development supports the innovation and vision of these four rural
Maine agricultural entrepreneurs who are looking to expand marketing
opportunities for their value-added agricultural products. These grants will
help contribute to the long-term sustainability of each business and aid in
retaining and creating jobs in Maine."


According to the USDA, these grants can be used to develop new agricultural
products or additional markets for existing ones. Military veterans, socially
disadvantaged and beginning farmers and ranchers, operators of small- and
medium-sized family farms and ranches, and farmer and rancher cooperatives are
given priority when applying for the money.


The actual funding of each award announced today is contingent upon the
recipient meeting the terms of the grant agreement.


Also awarded were Century Elm Farms, dba Boothby's Orchard and Farm of
Livermore; Maine Top Mill, LLC, of Waldoboro; and Cara Sammons, dba Flying Goat
Farm, located in Acton.


Since 2009, USDA has awarded 1,115 Value-Added Producer Grants totaling $154
million. Approximately 18 percent of the grants and 14 percent of total funding
has been awarded to beginning farmers and ranchers. During 2015, more than
one-third of the awards went to farmers and ranchers developing products for the
local foods sector.


Rural Development helped 84 agricultural producers carry out local foods
projects in 2014 through almost $8.9 million in Value-Added Producer Grant
awards.


USDA Rural Development has area offices located in Presque Isle, Bangor,
Lewiston, and Scarborough, as well as a state office in Bangor.

LOAD-DATE: November 16, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2015 Bangor Daily News


                             176 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Bangor Daily News (Maine)

                            November 13, 2015 Friday

Westfield venture nets federal grant

LENGTH: 479 words

DATELINE: WESTFIELD


- A growing hops business is among four companies in Maine to receive grant
funding from USDA Rural Development.


Rural agricultural businesses located in Livermore, Waldoboro, Westfield, and
Acton will receive Value-Added Producer Grants totaling $247,702 to boost their
production efforts, announced Rural Development Deputy Undersecretary Vernita F.
Dore recently.


Aroostook Hops, LLC, of Westfield has been selected to receive a grant in the
amount of $24,413. Funds will be used to pay for labor costs and to purchase
consumable supplies to produce pelletized hops from fresh hops and to package
the pellets in nitrogen-flushed, vacuum-sealed, labeled Mylar bags as well as
for marketing and promotional expenses.


The funding comes from USDA Rural Development's Value-Added Producer Grant
program.


"This funding will enable farmers and ranchers to develop new products, improve
the bottom line for their operations and help create a robust local and regional
food system," Dore said. "Value-Added Producer Grants provide capital to enable
ag producers to grow their business through diversification. USDA's support is
especially important for beginning farmers and smaller farm operations."


USDA Rural Development State Director Virginia Manuel said, "This investment by
USDA Rural Development supports the innovation and vision of these four rural
Maine agricultural entrepreneurs who are looking to expand marketing
opportunities for their value-added agricultural products. These grants will
help contribute to the long-term sustainability of each business and aid in
retaining and creating jobs in Maine."


According to the USDA, these grants can be used to develop new agricultural
products or additional markets for existing ones. Military veterans, socially
disadvantaged and beginning farmers and ranchers, operators of small- and
medium-sized family farms and ranches, and farmer and rancher cooperatives are
given priority when applying for the money.


The actual funding of each award announced today is contingent upon the
recipient meeting the terms of the grant agreement.


Also awarded were Century Elm Farms, dba Boothby's Orchard and Farm of
Livermore; Maine Top Mill, LLC, of Waldoboro; and Cara Sammons, dba Flying Goat
Farm, located in Acton.


Since 2009, USDA has awarded 1,115 Value-Added Producer Grants totaling $154
million. Approximately 18 percent of the grants and 14 percent of total funding
has been awarded to beginning farmers and ranchers. During 2015, more than
one-third of the awards went to farmers and ranchers developing products for the
local foods sector.


Rural Development helped 84 agricultural producers carry out local foods
projects in 2014 through almost $8.9 million in Value-Added Producer Grant
awards.


USDA Rural Development has area offices located in Presque Isle, Bangor,
Lewiston, and Scarborough, as well as a state office in Bangor.

LOAD-DATE: November 16, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2015 Bangor Daily News


                             177 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Deming Headlight (New Mexico)

                             May 10, 2007 Thursday

$3.5M available for rural cooperative development

BYLINE: For the Headlight

SECTION: LOCAL

LENGTH: 290 words


WASHINGTON, D.C.   Agriculture Under Secretary Thomas C. Dorr has announced the
availability of $3.5 million in grants to fund centers for cooperative
development to improve economic conditions in rural areas.

"These funds will help small business owners, farmers and ranchers across the
nation by providing them with technical assistance," Dorr said. "Cooperative
development centers are at the forefront of helping create business
opportunities to strengthen rural economies."

Grants of up to $200,000 are available to non-profit organizations and
institutions of higher learning for the startup, expansion or operation of
cooperative businesses. Recipients are required to provide matching funds equal
to at least 25 percent of the grant award. Grants will be awarded for a one year
time period starting from Oct. 1 and running to no later than Jan. 1.

The deadline for applications is June 8. An application guide and other
materials may be obtained at http://www.rurdev.usda.gov/rbs/coops/rcdg/rcdg.htm
or by contacting the New Mexico USDA Rural Development State Office at (505)
761-4953.

USDA Rural Development's mission is to increase economic opportunity and improve
the quality of life in rural communities.

As a venture capital entity, Rural Development has invested more than $76.8
billion since the beginning of the Bush administration to provide equity and
technical assistance to finance and foster growth in homeownership, business
development and critical community and technology infrastructure.

More than 1.5 million jobs have been created or saved through these investments.

Further information on rural programs is available at a local USDA Rural
Development office or by visiting USDA's Web site at http://www.rurdev.usda.gov
.

LOAD-DATE: July 18, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


          Copyright 2007 Deming Headlight, a MediaNews Group Newspaper
                              All Rights Reserved


                             178 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            Buffalo News (New York)

                               May 7, 2012 Monday
                                 FINAL EDITION

Enterprise grants go to 2 sites in WNY;
USDA providing funds to aid Batavia, Holley

BYLINE: By Jonathan D. Epstein - NEWS BUSINESS REPORTER

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. B4

LENGTH: 476 words


A Batavia business park and the Village of Holley have received more than
$200,000 in "business enterprise" grants from the U.S. Department of Agriculture
to support rural economic development efforts.

USDA's Rural Development division awarded $105,000 to the Genesee Valley
Agribusiness Park in Batavia to upgrade sewer pump stations, wells and other
infrastructure.

The goal is to enable "a number of businesses to locate here," while creating
about 40 jobs, said Doug O'Brien, deputy undersecretary for USDA Rural
Development, who came to Batavia to announce the grants.

In particular, the money is aimed at the Genesee Valley Mushroom Co. and the new
Greek yogurt joint venture between PepsiCo and Theo Muller GmbH of Germany.
O'Brien said the mushroom company is an example of the ventures that are
"capturing regional interest in local and regional food systems and
infrastructures."

Holley, in Orleans County, will get $99,000 to provide needed infrastructure and
renovate a parking lot for a newly opened Save-A-Lot grocery store, enabling the
business to thrive. That project, which leverages more than $400,000 in other
funds, is expected to create 23 jobs, O'Brien said.

The two are among eight New York State recipients of such grants, which were
announced Friday, as O'Brien touted growing potential for rural communities
across the country and highlighted the USDA's efforts to help.

"It's an exciting time in rural America," said O'Brien, whose wife is from
Western New York. "There are opportunities that rural America hasn't seen for
decades."

He noted that agricultural production "has been doing relatively very well the
last few years," with record profits and exports, while manufacturing is picking
up again, with jobs returning to the United States. "For the first time in 20
years, we have growth in manufacturing jobs," he said.

People are also more interested in "where their food comes from" and "more
interested in supporting their local economy," which is "good news for
entrepreneurs" since such companies are "small businesses that people can
start," O'Brien said.

"We at USDA and across the federal government are working on how we can support
these small businesses," he said.

Besides the business grants, USDA Rural Development also works to support
build-out of broadband Internet links in rural areas, which "is going to change
the landscape," O'Brien said.

"A small business in a rural place that has high-speed Internet can compete with
a firm in France or China," he said.

"It's going to make it possible for those who are from rural America and want to
stay there to do so."

USDA Rural Development, whose roots date from the 1930s, provides community and
economic-development assistance to rural areas, including through grants and
loans to support water, telephone, broadband and housing infrastructure.

email: jepstein@buffnews.com

LOAD-DATE: May 8, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2012 The Buffalo News
                              All Rights Reserved


                             179 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               Blackpool Gazette

                                October 25, 2007

Look how rural income can grow

LENGTH: 381 words


MOBILE home maintenance and horse rehabilitation are among the areas which rural
businesses are diversifying into.

A redundant agricultural building at Westby Hall, Ballam Road, near Lytham, has
been transformed into a caravan and mobile home repair facility while stables in
St Michaels have been extended to provide an equine retraining centre - both
with the help of Rural Lancashire Development Grants.

A decline in income led Andrew Taylor to look for new ways to use the farm at
Westby Hall.

Part of the plan was to renovate a redundant agricultural building into
workspace to use for mobile home repairs. The new business now runs alongside
the farming activities.

Andrew said: "This has allowed me to run a business from a disused space. I am
able to store caravans owned by clients from as far away as New Zealand and
Australia and we are now considered to be one of the top facilities for this in
the UK.

"I then wanted to develop the business and I introduced caravan servicing,
maintenance, repairs and sales. The Rural Lancashire Development Grant enabled
me to build the workshop for this.

Renowned

"The grant has enabled me to seize this business opportunity."

Barbara Ainsworth, owner of Longhorn Stables at St Michaels and a renowned
international horsewoman, retrains horses in a calming environment.

She said: "This has been a tremendous success. I'm now able to retrain
racehorses for either racing or eventing or to be enjoyed as riding horses."

The grants were provided by the Lancashire Rural Recovery Action Plan and
Lancashire County Council's economic development department, Lancashire County
Developments Limited (LCDL), with technical support from Lancashire Rural
Futures.

County Coun Niki Penney, chairman of LCDL, said: "We are committed to supporting
business start-up and expansion at LCDL and to see precisely this in action is
wonderful.

The Rural Lancashire Development Grant Programme is a simple funding scheme from
the Lancashire Rural Recovery Action Plan and LCDL, the managing agents.

The Lancashire Rural Recovery Action Plan is a five-year funding programme to
aid the regeneration and sustainable development of the rural economy across
Lancashire.

Anyone wanting to explore a business idea or in need of business finance can
ring LCDL on (01772) 536600.

LOAD-DATE: October 25, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2007 Johnston Press Plc
                              All Rights Reserved


                             180 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                     Weston County Gazette (Upton, Wyoming)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                 March 4, 2010

USDA ANNOUNCES GRANTS FOR DEVELOPMENT INITIATIVES TO STRENGHTHEN RURAL
COMMUNITIES

BYLINE: Weston County Gazette staff

LENGTH: 365  words


Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack today announced the selection of community
based organizations in 18 states to receive funding to pro-mote economic growth.
USDA Rural Development Rural Housing Administrator Tammy Trevino made the
announcement on Vilsack's behalf while attending an event with Senator Blanche
Lincoln at the Arkansas Studies Institute in Little Rock. The organizations will
receive more than $6.5 million in total grants to support rural economic
development efforts.

In Wyoming, $251,706 in Rural Development funding will be used to provide
technical assistance to low-income communities through the highly successful
Community Assessment program offered by the Wyoming Community Network. The
assistance will focus on economic development, community facility development,
energy conservation and efficiency, and housing. Forty-three communities in 17
counties are eligible.

Additional funding for the project has also been provided by
Manufacturing-Works, Wyoming Rural Development Council, Wyoming
Entre-preneur.BIZ, Wyoming Economic Development Association, Wyoming Chamber of
Commerce Executives, Wyoming Association of Municipalities, Converse Area New
Development Organization, and the Wyoming Business Council.

The funding announced is being provided through USDA Rural Development's Rural
Community Development Initiative Program which helps community based development
organizations, federally recognized Indian tribes and other groups promote
economic growth in low-income, rural communities. Recipients are required to
obtain matching funds, increasing the value of the grants. The grants are
awarded to public or nonprofit intermediary organizations. The funds are then
provided to recipients, which must be located in eligible rural areas. Funding
of individual recipients is contingent upon their meeting die conditions of the
grant agreement. The grant awards announced today are not provided tiirough the
American Recovery and Reinvestment Act.

Individuals or businesses interested in fur-ther information regarding the USDA
Rural Development and our programs may call (307) 233-6700 (Wyoming State
Office) or visit our web site at http://www.rurdev.usdti.gov/wy/.

LOAD-DATE: July 24, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Agriculture

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: WCG

                      Copyright 2010 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                      Copyright 2010 Weston County Gazette


                             181 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Bangor Daily News (Maine)

                             October 5, 2015 Monday

Four rural Maine businesses to receive federal grants

LENGTH: 447 words

DATELINE: BANGOR


- Four Maine firms will be among the 385 nationwide to receive grants awarded by
U.S. Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack to help support the start-up or expansion
of rural small businesses.


"The valuable projects being undertaken by four of Maine's innovative
organizations will have a significant impact on an estimated 184 jobs in Maine
in the local foods and other sectors. In addition, the grant funds USDA Rural
Development is investing will have a positive long-term effect on the production
of local foods throughout the state in Maine's rural communities," said Virginia
Manuel, USDA Rural Development state director, in a USDA news release.


USDA is awarding the grants through the Rural Business Development Grant
program. Recipients may use the funds to provide technical assistance, training
and job-creation activities.


Four Maine businesses have been selected to receive a total of $275,000 in
funds:


-- The Maine Organic Farmers and Gardeners Association will receive $98,950 to
assist with organic grower business consultation services, organic farming
workshops, professional training and third-party loans for nonproduction
purposes from an organic farmers' revolving loan fund. The project has the
potential to create 50 jobs.


-- Kennebec Valley Council of Governments will receive $89,000 to assist with
expanding the Maine Grains oat project. The project involves acquiring and
installing oat-dehulling and related equipment and mechanical work, along with
testing, package design, Web consultation for online marketing and project
management. The project has the potential to create 21 jobs.


-- Aroostook Aspiration Initiative will receive $25,000 to assist with expanding
the Internship Hub of Aroostook program. The project will conduct leadership
training for prospective adult, rural entrepreneurs and managers, while
establishing and developing rural learning programs that provide job training
instruction related to potential employment and job advancement for adult
students. The project has the potential over the next three years to create 75
jobs.


-- Northern Maine Development Commission will receive $62,050 to help develop
marketing strategies and improve distribution channels throughout the Great
Region Diversified Agricultural Community of Aroostook, Piscataquis and
Washington counties. The project has the potential to create 38 jobs.


Funding of each award is contingent upon the recipient meeting the terms of the
grant agreement. In total, USDA is providing nearly $20 million in grants
nationwide.


Information on rural programs is available at a local USDA Rural Development
office or by visiting USDA Rural Development's website at rd.usda.gov/me.

LOAD-DATE: October 5, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2015 Bangor Daily News


                             182 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Bangor Daily News (Maine)

                             October 5, 2015 Monday

Four rural Maine businesses to receive federal grants

LENGTH: 447 words

DATELINE: BANGOR


- Four Maine firms will be among the 385 nationwide to receive grants awarded by
U.S. Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack to help support the start-up or expansion
of rural small businesses.


"The valuable projects being undertaken by four of Maine's innovative
organizations will have a significant impact on an estimated 184 jobs in Maine
in the local foods and other sectors. In addition, the grant funds USDA Rural
Development is investing will have a positive long-term effect on the production
of local foods throughout the state in Maine's rural communities," said Virginia
Manuel, USDA Rural Development state director, in a USDA news release.


USDA is awarding the grants through the Rural Business Development Grant
program. Recipients may use the funds to provide technical assistance, training
and job-creation activities.


Four Maine businesses have been selected to receive a total of $275,000 in
funds:


-- The Maine Organic Farmers and Gardeners Association will receive $98,950 to
assist with organic grower business consultation services, organic farming
workshops, professional training and third-party loans for nonproduction
purposes from an organic farmers' revolving loan fund. The project has the
potential to create 50 jobs.


-- Kennebec Valley Council of Governments will receive $89,000 to assist with
expanding the Maine Grains oat project. The project involves acquiring and
installing oat-dehulling and related equipment and mechanical work, along with
testing, package design, Web consultation for online marketing and project
management. The project has the potential to create 21 jobs.


-- Aroostook Aspiration Initiative will receive $25,000 to assist with expanding
the Internship Hub of Aroostook program. The project will conduct leadership
training for prospective adult, rural entrepreneurs and managers, while
establishing and developing rural learning programs that provide job training
instruction related to potential employment and job advancement for adult
students. The project has the potential over the next three years to create 75
jobs.


-- Northern Maine Development Commission will receive $62,050 to help develop
marketing strategies and improve distribution channels throughout the Great
Region Diversified Agricultural Community of Aroostook, Piscataquis and
Washington counties. The project has the potential to create 38 jobs.


Funding of each award is contingent upon the recipient meeting the terms of the
grant agreement. In total, USDA is providing nearly $20 million in grants
nationwide.


Information on rural programs is available at a local USDA Rural Development
office or by visiting USDA Rural Development's website at rd.usda.gov/me.

LOAD-DATE: October 5, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2015 Bangor Daily News


                             183 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               Carmarthen Journal

                                 August 3, 2011
                                   Edition 1;
                                National Edition

Grant boost for businesses

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. 44

LENGTH: 151 words


A NEW grant for small businesses to convert redundant rural buildings in
Carmarthenshire to business use has been announced.

The Redundant Rural Buildings Grant, part of the Rural Development Plan (RDP)
for Wales 2007 to 2013, will provide assistance to businesses of less than 10
full time staff for the conversion of buildings where either new jobs are
created or existing jobs are safeguarded.

The Rural Development Plan (RDP) for Wales 2007 to 2013 is funded by the Welsh
Government and the European Agricultural fund for Rural Development The grant,
for businesses that have a turnover and balance sheet of less than 2 million
euros, is not available for projects which convert redundant buildings to
residential, agricultural, horticultural or tourism uses.

The grants are only available for projects in certain wards in the county.

They are available for most areas within the county for anyone interested.

LOAD-DATE: August 3, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: CRJ


                       Copyright 2011 Carmarthen Journal
                              All Rights Reserved


                             184 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                      Commercial-News (Danville, Illinois)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             August 14, 2009 Friday

Rossville to receive $99,000 federal grant

BYLINE: Commercial-News, Danville, Ill.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 485 words


Aug. 14--ROSSVILLE -- Downtown Rossville will soon have a new look thanks to a
$99,000 Rural Business Enterprise Grant from the U.S. Department of Agriculture.

Colleen Callahan, the Illinois director of USDA Rural Development, visited the
federal agency's office in Effingham and area projects funded by the agency last
week.

Callahan met with Rossville Mayor Terry Prillaman and informed him the village
is receiving a $99,000 grant to replace sidewalks in the business district,
according to a press release.

The improvement should make the downtown area more attractive for prospective
and existing businesses, draw more customers, add job opportunities and reverse
the setbacks suffered when several businesses were destroyed by fire in 2004.

Callahan also visited with a local homeowner who repaired her home with Rural
Development assistance.

Callahan was named by the Obama administration to administer the more than 40
grant and low-cost loan programs available to home buyers and owners,
businesses, non-profits and communities in rural Illinois.

Her agency is part of the U.S. Department of Agriculture and provides a
combination of grants, loans and loan guarantees to support rural housing,
business and community development. "With the additional funding from the
American Recovery and Reinvestment Act, we will easily surpass last year's
funding in Illinois of nearly a half billion dollars," she said in a release.

After meeting with staff in the Champaign office, Callahan visited with
commercial and mortgage lenders at the Bank of Rantoul on their use the agency's
guarantees for business and home loans. The bank visit was followed by a tour of
Rantoul Auto Body and Rantoul Lube, two of the local businesses that used the
agency's loan guarantee.

Callahan owns a small business and has worked as an agribusiness broadcaster on
radio and television, served as president of the National Association of Farm
Broadcasters, and been a candidate for Congress. She received her degree in
agricultural communications from the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign.

Rural Development provides financing and technical assistance to foster growth
in homeownership, business development, and critical community and technology
infrastructure. The Champaign office is located at 2110 W. Park Court and serves
Champaign, Coles, Douglas, Edgar, Macon, Moultrie, Piatt and Vermilion counties.
More information is available by calling 217 352-3536 ext. 4 or online at
www.rurdev.usda.gov/il

To see more of the Commercial-News, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://commercial-news.com. Copyright (c) 2009, Commercial-News, Danville, Ill.
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: August 15, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20090814-DQ-Rossville-to-receive-99,000-federal-grant-0814

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: DQ


                                 Copyright 2009


                             185 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            March 26, 2016 Saturday

Washington: USDA Seeks Applications for Loans and Grants to Help Grow Rural
Businesses and Spur Economic Development

LENGTH: 502 words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Washington: United States Department of Agriculture has issued the following
news release:



 Rural Business Cooperative-Service Administrator Sam Rikkers today announced
that USDA is seeking applications for loans and grants to help support the
start-up or expansion of rural businesses.





 "Our small, rural businesses need financing to compete in the global economy,"
Rikkers said. "With this announcement, USDA is demonstrating its continued
commitment to investing in small towns and rural communities. These loans and
grants will spur entrepreneurship, create jobs and improve the quality of life
in rural America."



 The funding is being provided through the Rural Economic Development Loan and
Grant (REDLG) program. Under this program, USDA provides zero-interest loans and
grants to local utilities, which use the funding to create revolving funds for
projects that will create or retain jobs in rural areas.



 USDA is making $37 million in loans and $11 million in grants available. A
recipient may receive a loan of up to $1 million, or a grant of up to $300,000.



 Since 2009, USDA has invested more than $330 million in loans and grants
through the REDLG program.



 In 2015, Aiken Technical College in Graniteville, S.C., received a $1 million
loan to build a facility to provide training in advanced manufacturing. The
35,000-square-foot facility, called the Center for Energy and Advanced
Manufacturing, or CEAM, will help the college's students graduate with degrees
in technically advanced fields of study.



 The REDLG program has also been successful in StrikeForce counties. The
StrikeForce for Rural Growth and Opportunity Initiative is part of the Obama
Administration's commitment to address persistent poverty across America. As
areas of persistent poverty are identified, USDA staff work with state, local
and community officials to increase awareness of USDA programs and help build
program participation through intensive community outreach and technical
assistance. In 2015, the South Mississippi Electric Power Association used part
of a $2 million REDLG loan to help the city of Greenwood buy and renovate a
building for the Milwaukee Tools company. Once completed, this project is
expected to create more than 100 jobs in Lenore County, a designated StrikeForce
area.



 For information on how to apply for REDLG loans or grants, contact your Rural
Development state office or see page 14415 of the March 17 Federal Register. The
first round of applications is due March 31, 2016, and the second round of
applications is due June 30, 2016.



 President Obama's historic investments in rural America have made our rural
communities stronger. Under his leadership, these investments in housing,
community facilities, businesses and infrastructure have empowered rural America
to continue leading the way - strengthening America's economy, small towns and
rural communities.





 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:

 editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: March 27, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             186 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            The Sun (Yuma, Arizona)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            February 10, 2013 Sunday

Two Yuma businesses receive economic development grants

BYLINE: Joyce Lobeck, The Sun, Yuma, Ariz.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 396 words


Feb. 10--For the third year in a row, Yuma is receiving the lion's share of
funding awarded by the Arizona Commerce Authority through its Rural Economic
Development Grant Program.

The program helps organizations within rural communities initiate and sustain
projects that support economic development through job growth and capital
investment.

Together, Datepac and Convey Health Solutions (formerly known as NationsHealth)
have been awarded $415,000 dollars of the total $1.5 million grant program for
2013.

"When you add the two companies together, Yuma received the most of any rural
county," said Julie Engel, president and CEO of Greater Yuma Economic
Development Corporation.

The two Yuma businesses were among 14 recipients of this year's grants that are
projected to produce hundreds of new jobs in Yuma and other rural communities
around Arizona.

"Fostering job creation and investment in rural Arizona ensures business
formation and growth in every region of the state," said Gov. Jan Brewer. "A
true statewide approach is vital to a strong economy for all of Arizona."

Convey Health Solutions received a grant of $240,000 to help fund tenant
improvements to the permanent site for its call center in Yuma that will be
located in the former Target building at 732 W. 32nd St. Through an agreement
with Yuma Regional Medical Center, the call center will occupy 40,000 square
feet of the building. The hospital, which recently purchased the property, will
use the remainder for storage of medical supplies, equipment and records.

Last year it was awarded $60,000, resulting in five new full-time employees.

Also last year, Insultech: Thermal and Acoustical Insulation Company received a
$460,000 grant, creating 50 new jobs.

During the first round of grants in 2011, Johnson Controls was awarded $100,000
for an expansion project, adding 50 new jobs, and Rolle Airfield was awarded
$290,060 for an expansion that created 15 construction jobs.

"The grant program is a powerful tool for GYEDC," Engel said, noting that the
grants aren't just for new companies.

"They're going for expansion, retention and attraction," she said. "It's money
from an outside source with a number of jobs created as a result ... good paying
jobs with benefits for year-round employees."

___ (c)2013 The Sun (Yuma, Ariz.) Visit The Sun (Yuma, Ariz.) at www.yumasun.com
Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: February 10, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20130210-YZ-Two-Yuma-businesses-receive-economic-development-grants
-0210-20130210

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: YZ


                             Copyright 2013 The Sun


                             187 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             March 30, 2015 Monday

Arkansas: USDA Awards Loans and Grants to Support Rural Economic Development

LENGTH: 549  words

DATELINE: Little Rock


Arkansas Agriculture Department has issued the following news release:

Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack today announced the award of $31 million in
loans and grants for organizations in 12 states to promote rural economic
development.

"These infrastructure investments will help rural residents start or expand
businesses," Vilsack said. "The funds can be used for a wide range of needs.
They can help businesses increase production and manufacturing capacity, and can
even help rural homeowners save money by making their homes more energy
efficient."

The funding is being provided through USDA's Rural Economic Development Loan and
Grant (REDLG) program. Vilsack today announced $31 million in loans and grants
for 38 projects in 12 states.

Through the REDLG program, USDA provides zero-interest loans and grants to
utilities that lend funds to local businesses for projects to create and retain
employment in rural areas. These revolving loan funds broaden the program's
reach and create a multiplier effect for its impact. Eligible applicants are
USDA Rural Utilities Service borrowers. Innovative USDA investments through this
program are boosting economic development in rural communities all across the
country, Vilsack noted.

In North Carolina, the Four County Electric Membership Corp. has been selected
to receive a $2 million loan to help Pender County buy equipment for a new
seafood manufacturing plant to be located in the county. This project is
expected to create 120 full-time jobs at the facility.

The City of Sevierville, Tenn., is receiving a $2 million loan help the KaTom
Restaurant Supply Co. renovate a warehouse to create a training center for
employees and for customers who buy equipment. This project will add 15
employees to the company's workforce.

North Carolina's Tideland Electric Membership Corp. has been approved for a
$540,000 loan and $300,000 grant to help a charter school build a
57,000-square-foot classroom. The beneficiary of the loan is one of the oldest
charter schools in the state.

The awards announced today are contingent upon the recipients meeting the terms
of the loan or grant agreement. View the complete list of awards.

Since the beginning of the Obama Administration, the REDLG program has helped
create or save more than 32,000 rural jobs, provided almost $338 million in
economic development assistance, improved manufacturing capability, expanded
health care and educational facilities and helped expand or establish almost
1,200 rural businesses and community projects.

In 2013, Rural Development awarded a $1 million loan to the Dakota Valley
Electric Cooperative, which used part of the funds to help LaMoure Housing, Inc.
construct a building that is home to the grocery store and hardware store in the
small, rural town of LaMoure, N.D. (population 889).

President Obama's plan for rural America has brought about historic investment
and resulted in stronger rural communities. Under the President's leadership,
these investments in housing, community facilities, businesses and
infrastructure have empowered rural America to continue leading the way -
strengthening America's economy, small towns and rural communities.

#

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: May 9, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             188 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             March 30, 2015 Monday

Arizona: USDA Awards Loans and Grants to Support Rural Economic Development

LENGTH: 552  words

DATELINE: Phoenix


Department of Agriculture has issued the following news release:

WASHINGTON, March 30, 2015 - Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack today announced
the award of $31 million in loans and grants for organizations in 12 states to
promote rural economic development.

"These infrastructure investments will help rural residents start or expand
businesses," Vilsack said. "The funds can be used for a wide range of needs.
They can help businesses increase production and manufacturing capacity, and can
even help rural homeowners save money by making their homes more energy
efficient."

The funding is being provided through USDA's Rural Economic Development Loan and
Grant (REDLG) program. Vilsack today announced $31 million in loans and grants
for 38 projects in 12 states.

Through the REDLG program, USDA provides zero-interest loans and grants to
utilities that lend funds to local businesses for projects to create and retain
employment in rural areas. These revolving loan funds broaden the program's
reach and create a multiplier effect for its impact. Eligible applicants are
USDA Rural Utilities Service borrowers. Innovative USDA investments through this
program are boosting economic development in rural communities all across the
country, Vilsack noted.

In North Carolina, the Four County Electric Membership Corp. has been selected
to receive a $2 million loan to help Pender County buy equipment for a new
seafood manufacturing plant to be located in the county. This project is
expected to create 120 full-time jobs at the facility.

The City of Sevierville, Tenn., is receiving a $2 million loan help the KaTom
Restaurant Supply Co. renovate a warehouse to create a training center for
employees and for customers who buy equipment. This project will add 15
employees to the company's workforce.

North Carolina's Tideland Electric Membership Corp. has been approved for a
$540,000 loan and $300,000 grant to help a charter school build a
57,000-square-foot classroom. The beneficiary of the loan is one of the oldest
charter schools in the state.

The awards announced today are contingent upon the recipients meeting the terms
of the loan or grant agreement. View the complete list of awards.

Since the beginning of the Obama Administration, the REDLG program has helped
create or save more than 32,000 rural jobs, provided almost $338 million in
economic development assistance, improved manufacturing capability, expanded
health care and educational facilities and helped expand or establish almost
1,200 rural businesses and community projects.

In 2013, Rural Development awarded a $1 million loan to the Dakota Valley
Electric Cooperative, which used part of the funds to help LaMoure Housing, Inc.
construct a building that is home to the grocery store and hardware store in the
small, rural town of LaMoure, N.D. (population 889).

President Obama's plan for rural America has brought about historic investment
and resulted in stronger rural communities. Under the President's leadership,
these investments in housing, community facilities, businesses and
infrastructure have empowered rural America to continue leading the way -
strengthening America's economy, small towns and rural communities.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: May 9, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             189 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             March 30, 2015 Monday

Washington: USDA Awards Loans and Grants to Support Rural Economic Development

LENGTH: 552  words

DATELINE: Washington


US Department of Agriculture, The Government of USA has issued the following
news release:

Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack today announced the award of $31 million in
loans and grants for organizations in 12 states to promote rural economic
development.

"These infrastructure investments will help rural residents start or expand
businesses," Vilsack said. "The funds can be used for a wide range of needs.
They can help businesses increase production and manufacturing capacity, and can
even help rural homeowners save money by making their homes more energy
efficient."

The funding is being provided through USDA's Rural Economic Development Loan and
Grant (REDLG) program. Vilsack today announced $31 million in loans and grants
for 38 projects in 12 states.

Through the REDLG program, USDA provides zero-interest loans and grants to
utilities that lend funds to local businesses for projects to create and retain
employment in rural areas. These revolving loan funds broaden the program's
reach and create a multiplier effect for its impact. Eligible applicants are
USDA Rural Utilities Service borrowers. Innovative USDA investments through this
program are boosting economic development in rural communities all across the
country, Vilsack noted.

In North Carolina, the Four County Electric Membership Corp. has been selected
to receive a $2 million loan to help Pender County buy equipment for a new
seafood manufacturing plant to be located in the county. This project is
expected to create 120 full-time jobs at the facility.

The City of Sevierville, Tenn., is receiving a $2 million loan help the KaTom
Restaurant Supply Co. renovate a warehouse to create a training center for
employees and for customers who buy equipment. This project will add 15
employees to the company's workforce.

North Carolina's Tideland Electric Membership Corp. has been approved for a
$540,000 loan and $300,000 grant to help a charter school build a
57,000-square-foot classroom. The beneficiary of the loan is one of the oldest
charter schools in the state.

The awards announced today are contingent upon the recipients meeting the terms
of the loan or grant agreement. View the complete list of awards.

Since the beginning of the Obama Administration, the REDLG program has helped
create or save more than 32,000 rural jobs, provided almost $338 million in
economic development assistance, improved manufacturing capability, expanded
health care and educational facilities and helped expand or establish almost
1,200 rural businesses and community projects.

In 2013, Rural Development awarded a $1 million loan to the Dakota Valley
Electric Cooperative, which used part of the funds to help LaMoure Housing, Inc.
construct a building that is home to the grocery store and hardware store in the
small, rural town of LaMoure, N.D. (population 889).

President Obama's plan for rural America has brought about historic investment
and resulted in stronger rural communities. Under the President's leadership,
these investments in housing, community facilities, businesses and
infrastructure have empowered rural America to continue leading the way -
strengthening America's economy, small towns and rural communities.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: May 9, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             190 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            Norwalk Reflector, Ohio

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            March 19, 2014 Wednesday

Report: USDA rural development initiatives created 75,000 Jobs in 2013

BYLINE: Norwalk Reflector, Ohio

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 1192 words


March 19--Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack has issued a report highlighting the
impact of more than $33 billion in USDA investments to support rural businesses,
infrastructure and housing in 2013.

"This report tells the story of how USDA support has made a tremendous
difference in the lives of rural Americans," said Vilsack. "Our investments help
create jobs and opportunity for rural residents, provide affordable housing,
support modern infrastructure, and build essential community facilities. I am
proud of the role that USDA has played to grow rural economies and help make
rural America a place of opportunity, innovation and economic growth."

USDA Rural Development's $193 billion portfolio is making lasting investments in
rural communities. The report highlights several initiatives that are helping to
address persistent rural poverty, expand health care for Mississippi Delta
residents, and develop stronger partnerships between government, private-sector
and community-based organizations.

Since the start of the Obama Administration, USDA business programs have
provided more than 18,000 guaranteed loans, direct loans and grants to help more
than 74,000 businesses create or save more than 375,000 jobs. USDA is
increasingly becoming the lender of choice for many Native American tribes
throughout the country.

USDA programs support research into new energy sources and help protect the
environment. During the two last quarters of fiscal year 2013, USDA made
payments to operators of 56 anaerobic digesters that produced almost 173 million
kilowatt hours of electricity -- enough to power more than 17,000 homes
annually.

For example, Clover Hill Dairy in Campbellsport, Wis., received a $6,200 payment
through the Advanced Biofuel Payment Program to operate its anaerobic digester,
which was commissioned 2007. The digester produces 2.7 million kilowatt hours
(kWh) of energy per year. The dairy's herd provides the manure to produce
biogas, which fuels the generators that produce electricity. The excess
electricity is purchased by a local utility and delivered to customers.

USDA broadband infrastructure loans awarded in FY 2013 will result in new or
upgraded broadband service for about 120,000 rural households, businesses and
community institutions once the projects are completed. The Department also
continued to make great strides to bring distance learning and telemedicine
infrastructure to rural areas. In 2013, one-third of USDA's distance learning
grants went to rural areas where the minority population is 30 percent or
higher. Another third went to areas were poverty rates have been consistently
high over long periods. All of the awards went to rural areas where residents
lacked access to medical services.

Rural Development is a key player in the recovery of the nation's housing
market, particularly in rural areas. For many realtors, USDA Rural Development
loans account for most of their business. In 2013, nearly 163,000 rural families
became homeowners through loans from private lenders that were guaranteed by
USDA, and more than 7,000 families bought homes through direct loans from USDA.

USDA's homeownership program is complemented by assistance that helps rural
residents find affordable rental housing. Tenants pay no more than 30 percent of
their income on rent for decent, safe housing. Last year, USDA provided rental
assistance to nearly 280,000 rural residents. Including the residents who get
rental assistance, more than half a million rural Americans live in rental
housing financed or directly supported by USDA.

USDA's Rural Housing Service invested in more than 1,000 essential community
infrastructure projects with $1.4 billion in direct loans, guaranteed loans and
grants in Fiscal Year 2013.

In other areas, the report indicates that USDA's Rural Utilities Service helped
meet the power needs of 8.7 million rural customers last year by providing
nearly $5 billion in loans to electric utilities. These loans helped build and
expand transmission and distribution systems. During fiscal year 2013, USDA
helped bring new and improved electric infrastructure to more than 80,000 Native
Americans and Alaska Natives and invested a record amount -- $275 million -- on
infrastructure projects benefitting them.

One of the many examples of how USDA investments are helping rural businesses
and communities is the bio-based startup company Laurel Biocomposites, LLC, in
Laurel, Neb. USDA partnered with Security Bank in Laurel to provide a $5 million
loan guarantee that helped Laurel Biocomposites buy equipment and provide
working capital for its first year of operation. Today, the company is operating
one production line and is expected to begin full-scale production later this
year. When full-scale production begins, the company plans to double its work
force from seven currently to 13 to 15 workers on the plant floor.

The Wisconsin Food Hub Cooperative in Madison, Wis., is using a $150,000 USDA
Value Added Producer Grant to help start a regional fresh produce food hub and
packinghouse to improve producers' access to local wholesale markets. The hub
will create private-sector jobs and aggregate local produce sold under the
"Wisconsin Farmed" brand.

Eleven families in Reedley, Calif., became homeowners in 2013 after moving into
houses they jointly built through USDA's Mutual Self-Help Housing program. The
group worked with oversight from Self-Help Enterprises, a pioneer in the "Sweat
Equity" concept of homebuilding.

For additional information on Rural Development projects, visit Rural
Development's new interactive web map featuring program funding and success
stories for the past four fiscal years. The data can be found HERE.

To view the entire report, click on the link at the end of this story.

Here are Ohio's numbers:

Program FY 2009 -- 2013-- --   TOTALS   NUMBER OF  PROJECTS

Business and Industry Guarantee -- $235,771,307  86

Intermediary Relending Program  -- $2,709,000   6

Renewable Energy Loans and Grants  -- $51,573,032   335

Rural Business Enterprise Grants  -- $5,846,702    51

Rural Economic Development Loans and Grants  -- $300,000   1

Value-Added Producer Grants  -- $954,288    10

Single Family Housing Direct Loans  -- $189,214,526    1,740

Single Family Housing Guaranteed Loans  -- $2,287,713,125    21,919

Home Repair Loans and Grants  -- $7,266,854   1,501

Self-Help Housing Technical Assistance Grants  -- $1,361,030   3

Multi-Family Housing Direct Loans  -- $29,103,632    51

Multi-Family Housing Guaranteed Loans  -- $16,379,295    17

Rental Assistance  -- $105,509,916    1,330

Community Facility Direct Loans  -- $72,830,125    73

Community Facility Guaranteed Loans  -- $16,900,500   8

Community Facility Grants  -- $3,751,445   80

Water and Waste Direct Loans  -- $141,328,000    65

Water and Waste Guaranteed Loans  -- $11,000,000   2

Water and Waste Grants  -- $97,347,246   66

Telecommunications Loans and Grants (DLT)  -- $45,394,228   31

Electric Loans  -- $333,869,000   20

TOTAL  -- $3,656,123,251   27,395

___ (c)2014 the Norwalk Reflector (Norwalk, Ohio) Visit the Norwalk Reflector
(Norwalk, Ohio) at www.norwalkreflector.com Distributed by MCT Information
Services

LOAD-DATE: March 20, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20140319-1NW-Report-USDA-rural-development
-initiatives-created-75,000-Jobs-in-2013-0319-20140319

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1NW


                     Copyright 2014 Norwalk Reflector, Ohio


                             191 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Deming Headlight (New Mexico)

                            February 6, 2012 Monday

Grant funding applications for rural businesses

BYLINE: For the Headlight

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 426 words


ALBUQUERQUE - USDA Rural Development State Director Terry Brunner announced
today his agency is now accepting applications for the Rural Business Enterprise
Grant (RBEG) program.

In making the announcement Brunner said, "The RBEG program is one of the most
flexible economic development opportunities offered by USDA Rural Development."
He added, "In the past the RBEG has been used to fund business incubators,
business studies and it has financed technical assistance programs for business
development."

The RBEG funding is made available to public bodies, nonprofit organizations,
public and private nonprofit institutions of higher education, and Indian tribes
to facilitate and finance the development of small and emerging private business
enterprises in rural communities and cities up to 50,000 in population.

The grant funds can be used to finance and facilitate the development of small,
private, business enterprises which is any private business that employs 50 or
fewer new employees and has less than $1 million in projected gross revenues.
The RBEG funds can also be used to pay for technical assistance for such things
as feasibility studies, business plans, business development training, or
workshops. However, by regulation this financial assistance cannot be granted
directly to a private business. The RBEG financing is granted to a non-profit or
a governmental agency that sets up a revolving loan fund and then makes a loan
to a private business.

Applications are selected for funding based on an established competitive
scoring process. Priority will be given to application requests of $50,000 or
less. Additionally, applications will receive discretionary points for projects
that support the agency and department goals in the following categories:

Renewable energy

Local food systems and value-added agriculture

Great regions: multi-county or multi-state projects that will establish best
practices in the area of regional economic and community development

Support of cooperatives

Business programs in persistent poverty counties (Catron, Cibola, Dona Ana,
Guadalupe, Luna, McKinley, Mora, Rio Arriba, Roosevelt, San Juan, San Miguel,
Socorro, or Taos)

Underserved populations: minority and women-owned businesses

USDA Rural Development is currently accepting applications for the Rural
Business Enterprise Grants (RBEG) program until close of business, Monday, April
2, 2012.

Information on the RBEG program can be obtained from the Rural Development State
Office in Albuquerque at 505-761-4953 or at:
http://www.rurdev.usda.gov/BCP_rbeg.html

LOAD-DATE: February 6, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


          Copyright 2012 Deming Headlight, a MediaNews Group Newspaper
                              All Rights Reserved


                             192 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Malton & Pickering Mercury

                             May 13, 2009 Wednesday

Rural business grants should be fast-tracked

BYLINE: Staff Copy

LENGTH: 223 words



HIGHLIGHT: THE Country Land and Business Association has called on the
Government to fast track grants awards aimed at helping rural businesses
survive.


The association has welcomed the decision to increase grant funding from 50 per
cent to 100 per cent for projects under the Rural Development Programme for
England (RDPE).

But it says if this is going to help rural businesses survive at this time of
economic crisis, the process of administering grant funding must be speeded up.

CLA President Henry Aubrey-Fletcher said: "Any plan to help rural businesses
during the recession is welcome and the Secre-tary of State's decision to
increase the amount of grant funding available could be the type of cash
injection many areas need.

"However, if this is going to work, it has to be done efficiently and quickly.
Our concern remains that in too many cases, applications for grants under rural
development programmes can take months before a decision is made.

"What is required is a fast-track approach where those who need grants can
actually receive them in a timely fashion that will help negate the impact of
the recession."

Dorothy Fairburn, CLA Yorkshire Regional Director added:  "The proposed changes
do not mean that all projects will be 100 per cent publicly funded. Yorkshire
Forward, the region's development agency, uses an appraisal process to ensure
that projects being supported can be successful and provide value for money.
The flexibility that this change brings is very welcome."

LOAD-DATE: May 13, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: MALT


                       Copyright 2009 Johnston Press Plc
                              All Rights Reserved


                             193 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



              The Lake Metigoshe Mirror (Bottineau, North Dakota)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                December 4, 2013

Rural co-ops receive grant

BYLINE: The Lake Metigoshe Mirror staff

LENGTH: 203  words


Jasper Schneider, United States Department of Agriculture (USDA) Rural
Development state director, announced that Common Enterprise Development
Corporation (CEDC) and the North Dakota Association of Rural Electric
Cooperatives (NDaREC) were selected to each receive a $200,000 grant. The
funding will be used help rural cooperatives and small businesses expand, create
jobs and strengthen their capacity to serve residents and communities.

"Both the CEDC and NDaREC have a long track record of service in North Dakota,"
said Schneider. "These grants will help them provide resources to entities that
improve social and economic conditions in rural areas."

Funding is being provided through USDA's Rural Cooperative Development Grant
(RCDG) program. The grants are awarded to non-profit entities to create and
operate centers that help establish, grow or operate rural businesses,
especially cooperatives and mutually-owned businesses. These competitively
awarded grants may be used to conduct feasibility studies, create and implement
business plans, and help businesses develop new markets for their products and
services.

For more information on USDA programs, please call (701) 530-2037 or visit
www.rur-dev.usda.gov/nd.

LOAD-DATE: October 3, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Local Government

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: LMT

                      Copyright 2013 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
       Copyright 2013 The Lake Metigoshe Mirror (Bottineau, North Dakota)


                             194 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                      Arizona Range News (Wilcox, Arizona)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                December 4, 2013

USDA Value-Added Producer grants for Arizona producers

BYLINE: Arizona Range News staff

LENGTH: 665  words


Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack announced the availability of nearly $10.5
million in U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA) grants to help agricultural
producers enter into value-added activities designed to give them a competitive
business edge.

"U.S. agriculture is responsible for millions of American jobs - both directly
and indirectly, "Vilsack said. "Supporting farmers and related businesses
strengthens rural economies and helps fuel innovation and product development.
It's also an important part of USDA programs that link farmers to their
communities, and it underscores the many benefits of local and regional food
systems."

The funding is being made available through the Value-Added Producer Grant
program. Grants are available to help agricultural producers create new
products, expand marketing opportunities, support further processing of existing
products or goods, or to develop specialty and niche products. They may be used
for working capital and planning activities. The maximum working capital grant
is $200,000; the maximum planning grant is $75,000.

Eligible applicants include independent producers, farmer and rancher
cooperatives, and agricultural producer groups. Funding priority is given to
socially disadvantaged and beginning farmers or ranchers, and to small- to
medium-size family farms, or farmer/rancher cooperatives.

The Value-Added Producer Grant program is one of many USDA programs that support
the development of strong local and regional food systems as part of the Know
Your Farmer, Know Your Food initiative. Launched in 2009, the initiative
strengthens ties between agricultural producers and their local communities,
helping meet growing consumer demand and creating opportunities for small
business development. Initiatives like this create new income opportunities for
farmers, generate wealth that will stay in rural communities, and increase
access to healthy, local foods in underserved communities. All of these actions
boost local economies.

Today's announcement comes as more than 1,400 communities nationwide gear up to
support Small Business Saturday, a day dedicated to championing small businesses
on one of the busiest shopping weekends of the year. This year's Small Business
Saturday is Nov. 30.

Rural Development is encouraging applications from Tribal organizations as well
as applications that support regional food hubs. Applications supporting
value-added activities related to bio-based products are also encouraged.

Since 2009, the Obama Administration has provided agricultural producers with
almost $80 million in Value Added Producer Grant assistance that has supported
more than 600 innovative, value-added projects.

Additional examples of how VAPGs assist local and regional food producers are
available on the USDA Know Your Farmer, Know Your Food Compass, which is
searchable by zip code and key word.

Grant applications are due by Feb. 24, 2014. More information about how to apply
is available on page 70260 of the November 25 http://www.gpo.
gov/fdsys/pkg/FR-2013-11-25/pdf/2013-28175.pdf Federal Register, or by
contacting any USDA Rural Development state office.

Secretary Vilsack said that today's announcement is another reminder of the
importance of USDA programs such as the Value-Added Producer Grant program for
rural America. A comprehensive new Food, Farm and Jobs Bill would further expand
the rural economy, Vilsack added, saying that's just one reason why Congress
must get a comprehensive Bill done as soon as possible.

President Obama's plan for rural America has brought about historic investment
and resulted in stronger rural communities. Under the President's leadership,
these investments in housing, community facilities, businesses and
infrastructure have empowered rural America to continue leading the way -
strengthening America's economy, small towns and rural communities. USDA's
investments in rural communities support the rural way of life that stands as
the backbone of our American values.

LOAD-DATE: October 1, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Community

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: AZR

                      Copyright 2013 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                       Copyright 2013 Arizona Range News


                             195 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              South Wales Guardian

                           September 11, 2009 Friday

Rural firms get £1.2m

SECTION: AMMANFORD NEWS (SWG AMMANFORDNEWS)

LENGTH: 308 words


RURAL businesses in Carmarthenshire could benefit from a new £1.2million grant
fund being launched by Carmarth- enshire County Council.

The Rural Conversion Grant will enable eligible new or existing businesses to
convert redundant buildings for business use.

This project has received funding through the Rural Development Plan for Wales
2007-2013 which is funded by the Welsh Assembly and the European Agricultural
Fund for Rural Development and is supported by Carmarthen- shire County Council.

Applicants demonstrating a need for support can apply for up to 50 per cent of
the eligible project cost. Applications that will be considered must provide
tangible benefits to the local economy in terms of quantity and quality of
direct jobs created or safeguarded as a result of the grant.

Physical Regeneration Project Officer Mike Bull said: "The scheme is now
welcoming applications and our team will be able to provide full support during
the application process to guide people through in the hope that their
applications will be successful."

The new grant scheme is part of a £7million package of schemes to have received
Rural Development Plan funding, which is worth around £800million to Wales up
until 2013.

The new grants will build on the success of the former Strategic Town and
Villages programme, which led to a £2.4million investment in towns across the
county.

The aim of this scheme is to offer the same support to businesses in rural areas
by providing suitable premises for them to be located in those areas.

Cllr Clive Scourfield executive board member for regeneration, said: "The Rural
Conversion Grant is a tremendous opportunity for entrepreneurs in rural
Carmarthenshire to secure capital funding to expand, safeguard or establish
their business.

"This money will bring many economic benefits to businesses in rural
Carmarthenshire."

LOAD-DATE: September 11, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2009 NewsQuest Media Group Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             196 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             March 31, 2015 Tuesday

WASHINGTON:USDA Awards Loans and Grants to Support Rural Economic Development

LENGTH: 545  words

DATELINE: Palouse Grain Growers


Palouse Grain Growers has issued the following news release:

Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack today announced the award of $31 million in
loans and grants for organizations in 12 states to promote rural economic
development.

"These infrastructure investments will help rural residents start or expand
businesses," Vilsack said. "The funds can be used for a wide range of needs.
They can help businesses increase production and manufacturing capacity, and can
even help rural homeowners save money by making their homes more energy
efficient."

The funding is being provided through USDA's Rural Economic Development Loan and
Grant (REDLG) program. Vilsack today announced $31 million in loans and grants
for 38 projects in 12 states.

Through the REDLG program, USDA provides zero-interest loans and grants to
utilities that lend funds to local businesses for projects to create and retain
employment in rural areas. These revolving loan funds broaden the program's
reach and create a multiplier effect for its impact. Eligible applicants are
USDA Rural Utilities Service borrowers. Innovative USDA investments through this
program are boosting economic development in rural communities all across the
country, Vilsack noted.

In North Carolina, the Four County Electric Membership Corp. has been selected
to receive a $2 million loan to help Pender County buy equipment for a new
seafood manufacturing plant to be located in the county. This project is
expected to create 120 full-time jobs at the facility.

The City of Sevierville, Tenn., is receiving a $2 million loan help the KaTom
Restaurant Supply Co. renovate a warehouse to create a training center for
employees and for customers who buy equipment. This project will add 15
employees to the company's workforce.

North Carolina's Tideland Electric Membership Corp. has been approved for a
$540,000 loan and $300,000 grant to help a charter school build a
57,000-square-foot classroom. The beneficiary of the loan is one of the oldest
charter schools in the state.

The awards announced today are contingent upon the recipients meeting the terms
of the loan or grant agreement. View the complete list of awards.

Since the beginning of the Obama Administration, the REDLG program has helped
create or save more than 32,000 rural jobs, provided almost $338 million in
economic development assistance, improved manufacturing capability, expanded
health care and educational facilities and helped expand or establish almost
1,200 rural businesses and community projects.

In 2013, Rural Development awarded a $1 million loan to the Dakota Valley
Electric Cooperative, which used part of the funds to help LaMoure Housing, Inc.
construct a building that is home to the grocery store and hardware store in the
small, rural town of LaMoure, N.D. (population 889).

President Obama's plan for rural America has brought about historic investment
and resulted in stronger rural communities. Under the President's leadership,
these investments in housing, community facilities, businesses and
infrastructure have empowered rural America to continue leading the way -
strengthening America's economy, small towns and rural communities.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:
editorial@plusme.com

LOAD-DATE: May 9, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             197 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        SUNDAY TELEGRAM (Massachusetts)

                            December 30, 2007 Sunday
                                  ALL EDITIONS

Energy grants for farms, businesses ready soon

BYLINE: Jean Laquidara Hill, TELEGRAM & GAZETTE STAFF

SECTION: LOCAL NEWS; Pg. B4

LENGTH: 443 words


On your mark, get set, plan.

The funding competition is about to begin for owners of farms and small
businesses who envision producing renewable energy or otherwise operating with
more energy efficiency.

To qualify for the competition, the farms or small businesses must be in rural
areas as defined by the U.S. Department of Agriculture's Rural Development
agency. Grants will cover 25 percent of a project, with amounts ranging from a
couple thousand dollars to hundreds of thousands of dollars.

The quest for funding will begin as soon as Rural Development announces it is
accepting grant and loan applications.

The application period is expected to be about 45 days, which is probably not
enough time for applicants to hone and develop ideas sound enough for a highly
competitive application, according to Norman P. St. Jean, a Rural Development
loan specialist in Holden.

To help, Rural Development has scheduled a four-hour information forum from 10
a.m. to 2 p.m. Jan. 16 in Rutland Library to explain the program and answer
questions to help people start preparing now.

Eligible energy renewal projects will include proposals for using wind, solar,
geothermal, biomass and hydrogen, he said.

People who have previous received Rural Development funding and who are
operating energy-efficient and energy-producing systems will speak at the Jan.
16 forum, Mr. St. Jean said.

"We're going to be hopefully wowing some of these people," he said.

Joint applications also will be accepted, said Mr. St. Jean, adding that several
farmers already are discussing filing an application for a joint project. The
grants have been awarded annually nationwide since fiscal 2003 after the program
was included in the 2002 Farm Bill, according to Rural Development spokeswoman
Maril Alsup Stockwell from the agency's Amherst office.

Energy projects involving new construction are not eligible.

Competitors from throughout the country will be vying for the funding, according
to Ms. Stockwell. She said there will be about $11.4 million available for
grants, plus additional funds for loans.

Mr. St. Jean said the program is not intended for energy production or
conservation measures benefiting residences.

According to Ms. Stockwell, most of the applications for renewable energy
projects in Massachusetts have come from farms and businesses on Cape Cod.
"They're very interested in energy renewal," she said.

She said a company in Fitchburg formerly named Mass Innovation and now called
One Oak Hill Road LLC previously won a $500,000 Rural Development grant to help
pay for geothermal and solar energy projects. Peter Dion from the company will
be a speaker at the Jan. 16 meeting.

LOAD-DATE: December 31, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2007 Worcester Telegram & Gazette, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             198 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Bangor Daily News (Maine)

                            October 21, 2014 Tuesday

USDA awards $120,400 to two snowmobile clubs

LENGTH: 269 words


WASHINGTON, D.C. -- The USDA Rural Development has awarded Rural Business
Enterprise Grants totaling $120,400 to snowmobile clubs in Portage and
Greenville to purchase snowmobile trail groomers.


It is part of $4.9 million being invested in 50 projects across the country and
in the Western Pacific to support small and emerging rural businesses.


"This investment in Maine's thriving snowmobile industry is important as it
represents support for local jobs and small businesses in far northern Maine and
the Moosehead Lake Region," said Virginia Manuel, state director for USDA Rural
Development, in a press release.


The two clubs receiving grants are:


-- Moosehead Riders Inc. in Greenville, has been selected to receive a grant in
the amount of $75,000 to purchase a new snowmobile trail groomer for the club.


-- Portage Lakers Sno-Mobile Club Inc. in Portage Lake has been selected to
receive $45,400 to purchase a new snowmobile trail groomer for the club.


Rural Business Enterprise Grants also may be used to help fund distance learning
networks and employment-related adult education programs. Eligible applicants
include public bodies, private nonprofit corporations and federally recognized
Indian tribes.


Funding for the recipients announced Tuesday is contingent upon their meeting
the terms of the grant agreement.


USDA Rural Development has offices in Presque Isle, Bangor, Lewiston and
Scarborough, as well as a state office, located in Bangor. Information on rural
programs is available at a local USDA Rural Development office or by visiting
USDA Rural Development's website at http://www.rurdev.usda.gov/me.

LOAD-DATE: October 22, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2014 Bangor Daily News


                             199 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Bangor Daily News (Maine)

                            October 21, 2014 Tuesday

USDA awards $120,400 to two snowmobile clubs

LENGTH: 269 words


WASHINGTON, D.C. -- The USDA Rural Development has awarded Rural Business
Enterprise Grants totaling $120,400 to snowmobile clubs in Portage and
Greenville to purchase snowmobile trail groomers.


It is part of $4.9 million being invested in 50 projects across the country and
in the Western Pacific to support small and emerging rural businesses.


"This investment in Maine's thriving snowmobile industry is important as it
represents support for local jobs and small businesses in far northern Maine and
the Moosehead Lake Region," said Virginia Manuel, state director for USDA Rural
Development, in a press release.


The two clubs receiving grants are:


-- Moosehead Riders Inc. in Greenville, has been selected to receive a grant in
the amount of $75,000 to purchase a new snowmobile trail groomer for the club.


-- Portage Lakers Sno-Mobile Club Inc. in Portage Lake has been selected to
receive $45,400 to purchase a new snowmobile trail groomer for the club.


Rural Business Enterprise Grants also may be used to help fund distance learning
networks and employment-related adult education programs. Eligible applicants
include public bodies, private nonprofit corporations and federally recognized
Indian tribes.


Funding for the recipients announced Tuesday is contingent upon their meeting
the terms of the grant agreement.


USDA Rural Development has offices in Presque Isle, Bangor, Lewiston and
Scarborough, as well as a state office, located in Bangor. Information on rural
programs is available at a local USDA Rural Development office or by visiting
USDA Rural Development's website at http://www.rurdev.usda.gov/me.

LOAD-DATE: October 22, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2014 Bangor Daily News


                             200 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                     The Journal Record (Oklahoma City, OK)

                            December 7, 2001 Friday

Grant to fund center for rural economic development

BYLINE: Marie Price

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 605 words


Organizations in Oklahoma and three other states will share in a $125,000 grant
from the federal Economic Development Administration to conduct a pilot project
for rural economic development.

The grant was actually made to the Western Governors Association. However, it
will be used by High Plains Regional Conservation and Development, the Oklahoma
Economic Development Authority, Texas Prairie Rivers Regional Partnership and
Comanche Pool Association of Kansas to develop the Prairie States Regional
Center.

The latter was described by David Sampson, assistant U.S. secretary for economic
development, as a "virtual center" that will ultimately function as a one-stop
shop for entrepreneurs seeking business advice and assistance in economically
distressed rural areas of northwestern Oklahoma, the northeastern Texas
Panhandle, southwestern Colorado and south central Kansas.

Funding will not be handed out for specific business projects, Sampson said.
Those will come later, after this research and development phase, he added.

However, Sampson mentioned eco-tourism, value-added agriculture and alternative
energy sources as possible rural development project areas further down the
line.

Sampson said that last year the EDA made about 1,600 grants totaling $670
million, some for public works and infrastructure, some for planning, research
and technical assistance projects.

He said that the EDA will serve as a catalyst to bring together a critical mass
of resources that will enable groups in the region to obtain implementation
grants from other federal agencies.

Texan Sampson said that he understands perhaps better than most the struggles of
rural America.

"My heart is in the West," he said.

Something must be done, Sampson said, to stop the out-migration of population
from rural areas and the decline in income.

"This is a national demonstration model for rural economic recovery," he added.
"It is truly regional in its outlook."

Previously, Sampson said, often rural economic development efforts were diluted
because of their "micro" nature.

"This is multi-state," he said. "It will be unique in America."

A large part of the project, Sampson said, will involve identifying resources,
rural market advantages and needs to bring opportunity to the rural West.

The EDA funding is to serve as a front-end impetus for developing a strategic
business plan for rural areas that can help generate interest from the private
sector, he added.

Remelle Farrar, with the Texas Prairie Rivers organization, said that funding
from the grant will be used to pay salaries, hold town meetings to determine
what the various areas need, gather data, develop a plan and draft a report
required by EDA.

Due to the long distances involved, Farrar said, part of the grant will also go
toward development of Internet technology for the virtual center.

Lt. Gov. Mary Fallin pointed out that about one-fourth of Americans live in
rural areas, closer to one-third of Oklahomans.

"I've seen the plight, the economic distress that we have in rural Oklahoma,"
she said. "You don't have to drive down too many roads to see the distress we're
experiencing in rural areas."

While other areas of the economy have boomed over the years, Fallin said, rural
America has suffered.

Oklahoma, due chiefly to population losses in rural areas, lost a member of its
congressional delegation after the last census.

Fallin said that the regional project will help bring prosperity back to rural
America.

"It's my hope that when we get this project up and running, it will be a model
for the rest of America," she said.

LOAD-DATE: May 26, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Government activity

                      Copyright 2001 Dolan Media Newswires
                                All Rights Reserved


                             201 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Deming Headlight (New Mexico)

                           February 14, 2013 Thursday

Grant funding available for rural business plans

BYLINE: For the Headlight

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 490 words


ALBUQUERQUE - USDA Rural Development State Director Terry Brunner announced his
agency is now accepting applications for the Rural Business Enterprise Grant
(RBEG) program.

In making the announcement Brunner said, "The RBEG program is one of the most
flexible economic development opportunities offered by USDA Rural Development to
create jobs, something the Obama administration has worked hard to do." He
added, "In the past the RBEG has been used to fund business incubators,
feasibility studies, business plans, and it has financed technical assistance
programs for business development."

The RBEG funding is made available to public bodies, nonprofit organizations,
public and private nonprofit institutions of higher education, and Indian tribes
to facilitate and finance the development of small and emerging private business
enterprises in rural communities and cities up to 50,000 in population.

The grant funds can be used to finance and facilitate the development of small,
private, business enterprises which is any private business that employs 50 or
fewer new employees and has less than $1 million in projected gross revenues.

The RBEG funds can also be used to pay for technical assistance for such things
as feasibility studies, business plans, business development training, or
workshops.

However, by regulation this financial assistance cannot be granted directly to a
private business. The RBEG financing is granted to a non-profit or a
governmental agency that sets up a revolving loan fund and then makes a loan to
a private business.

Applications are selected for funding based on an established competitive
scoring process. Priority will be given to application requests of $50,000 or
less. Additionally, applications will receive discretionary points for projects
that support the agency and department goals in the following categories:

Renewable energy

Local food systems and value-added agriculture

Support of cooperatives

Business programs in persistent poverty counties (Catron, Cibola, Dona Ana,
Guadalupe, Luna, McKinley, Mora, Rio Arriba, Roosevelt, San Juan, San Miguel,
Socorro, or Taos)

Underserved populations: minority and women-owned businesses

Last fiscal year, USDA Rural Development provided $283,000 to assist six New
Mexico recipients which included the Southwest Regional Housing and Community
Development Corporation to establish a revolving loan fund to assist micro
businesses in four rural New Mexico counties. RBEG funding was also provided to
the Ramah Navajo School Board, Inc. to complete a feasibility study for the
proposed Cedar Bluff Travel Center and Business Complex.

USDA Rural Development is currently accepting applications for the Rural
Business Enterprise Grants (RBEG) program until close of business, Friday, April
12, 2013.

Information on the RBEG program can be obtained from the Rural Development State
Office in Albuquerque at 505-761-4953 or at:
http://www.rurdev.usda.gov/BCP_rbeg.html

LOAD-DATE: February 19, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: In the past the RBEG has been used to fund business incubators,
feasibility studies, business plans, and it has financed technical assistance
programs for business development. State director Terry Brunner, USDA

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


          Copyright 2013 Deming Headlight, a MediaNews Group Newspaper
                              All Rights Reserved


                             202 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Bangor Daily News (Maine)

                            September 7, 2007 Friday
                                 State Edition

USDA funding targets County;
$25 million given in grants, loans

BYLINE: JEN LYNDS OF THE NEWS STAFF

SECTION: Pg. A8

LENGTH: 463 words

DATELINE: CARIBOU


The last leg of a trip through Aroostook County this week by staff from the U.S.
Department of Agriculture's Rural Development agency brought checks worth more
than $12 million to businesses and organizations in Caribou and Fort Fairfield.

Officials from USDA Rural Development spent two days in The County earlier this
week handing out a total of $25 million worth of grants and loans to
beneficiaries in central Aroostook and the St. John Valley.

In Caribou on Wednesday, staff from USDA Rural Development - including Michael
Aube, state director for the agency - joined officials from the Northern Maine
Development Commission and representatives from the state's congressional
delegation to hand over a $199,000 Rural Business Enterprise Grant to NMDC.

Some of that money will help in delivering technical assistance and other
support to area manufacturers, Bob Clark, NMDC's executive director, said
Thursday.

"This could be money to help provide training to employees or maybe there is a
trade show that a manufacturer wants to attend to sell their products," Clark
said. "We will provide them with a small grant to assist them, probably a
maximum of $5,000, which they will have to match."

The grant also will provide skill building and sector awareness services for the
region's tourism industry.

Northern Maine Development Commission's Northern Maine Finance Corp. also
benefited from a $387,000 Rural Business Enterprise Grant. The money was used to
buy a building in Caribou that is geared toward helping facilitate the
development of small and emerging private businesses.

Clark said the building allows NMFC to provide affordable space for emerging
businesses to establish themselves and eventually grow. Half of the building is
being occupied and officials hope to have the remainder filled in the next
several months.

Before the day ended, the Tri-Community Recycling and Sanitary Landfill in Fort
Fairfield was handed a $12 million Water and Waste Disposal Loan.

Mark Draper, solid waste director for the landfill, said Thursday that the money
will help finance a number of projects at the site that will be completed in the
next few years.

The loan will help finance work that will allow the overall landfill to expand
vertically.

"We are going to make the landfill higher to use space more efficiently," he
said, adding that the increased capacity is projected to expand the useful life
of the landfill by 15 years.

The loan also will help with environmental remediation projects and pay for the
construction of 3,100 feet of pipeline to transport leachate from the landfill
site to the wastewater treatment plant in Caribou for treatment and disposal.

"Our intent is to have these projects completed in 2010," Draper said. "We hope
to begin work within the next two weeks."

LOAD-DATE: September 7, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2007 Bangor Daily News


                             203 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          Frome and Somerset Standard

                               February 28, 2013

£1m offered in grants to town's small businesses

SECTION: Pg. 22

LENGTH: 270  words


Small businesses in Frome are being offered the chance to apply for a slice of
one million pounds in grants, which has been made available in Somerset and
Devon through the Rural Enterprise Grant Programme(REG).

The REG programme, which is a joint project set up by the Department of Food and
Rural Affairs(DEFRA) and Rural Development Programme for England(RDPE), will be
available to help micro-enterprises operating in the rural areas of Somerset and
Devon.

Councillor Philip Ham, portfolio holder for policy and performance, which
includes business development, said the grants were a great opportunity.

He said: "These new grants are a great opportunity for small enterprises across
Mendip to develop, grow and achieve their full potential.

"Through supporting smal  ler businesses in the district, these grants will
hopefully encourage larger scale rural economic growth and greater employment
opportunities.

"This will help to ensure that our rural communities remain active and vibrant
places in which to live and work."

To be eligible, the business must have fewer than ten employees and be able to
demonstrate wider benefits in terms of jobs created and safeguarded, economic
growth, sustainability and benefits to other businesses in the area.

The grants are intended to cover up to 40 per cent of the project cost; the
remaining 60 per cent must be covered by the business.

The first £500,000 will be allocated by July 2013 and the remaining sum
allocated by December 2013.

To find out more visit http://www.heartofswlep.co.uk/rural    growth-grants,
call Rural Focus on 08456 047047 or email enquiries@ruralfocus.info

LOAD-DATE: March 1, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 185


                    Copyright 2013 Northcliffe Media Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             204 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           The Taos News (New Mexico)

                             April 2, 2009 Thursday

DEADLINE EXTENDED FOR RURAL FUNDS

BYLINE: STAFF REPORT

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. B-5

LENGTH: 227 words


The U.S. Department of Agriculture's Rural Development's Business and
Cooperative Program has extended the deadline to apply for the Rural Business
Opportunity Grant Program to April 30.

"The old deadline did not give potential applicants sufficient time to apply for
this money," said acting state director Eric Vigil. "So, it was decided to
extend the deadline throughout the nation."

The primary objective of the program is to promote sustainable economic
development in rural communities by making grants to pay costs for such things
as providing economic planning for rural communities, technical assistance for
rural businesses, or training for rural entrepreneurs or economic development
officials.

The grants are available to public bodies, nonprofits, federally recognized
tribal groups and cooperatives.

Applications will not exceed $50,000 and for multi-state projects $150,000.

Completed applications must be received by the New Mexico USDA Rural Development
Office, Business and Cooperative Programs located at 6200 Jefferson NE, Room
255, Albuquerque, NM 87109, by no later than 4:30 p.m. April 30.

Applicants will compete nationwide for the funding.

According to a press release, USDA Rural Development works to ensure that rural
residents can participate in the global economy by providing technical
assistance, funding, and other programs.

--Staff report

LOAD-DATE: January 14, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: See pdf's for exact rendition, caption, graphics and photographer info.


PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2009 The Taos News
                              All Rights Reserved


                             205 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             March 30, 2015 Monday

Arizona: USDA Awards Loans and Grants to Support Rural Economic Development

LENGTH: 552  words

DATELINE: Phoenix


Department of Agriculture has issued the following news release:

WASHINGTON, March 30, 2015 - Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack today announced
the award of $31 million in loans and grants for organizations in 12 states to
promote rural economic development.

"These infrastructure investments will help rural residents start or expand
businesses," Vilsack said. "The funds can be used for a wide range of needs.
They can help businesses increase production and manufacturing capacity, and can
even help rural homeowners save money by making their homes more energy
efficient."

The funding is being provided through USDA's Rural Economic Development Loan and
Grant (REDLG) program. Vilsack today announced $31 million in loans and grants
for 38 projects in 12 states.

Through the REDLG program, USDA provides zero-interest loans and grants to
utilities that lend funds to local businesses for projects to create and retain
employment in rural areas. These revolving loan funds broaden the program's
reach and create a multiplier effect for its impact. Eligible applicants are
USDA Rural Utilities Service borrowers. Innovative USDA investments through this
program are boosting economic development in rural communities all across the
country, Vilsack noted.

In North Carolina, the Four County Electric Membership Corp. has been selected
to receive a $2 million loan to help Pender County buy equipment for a new
seafood manufacturing plant to be located in the county. This project is
expected to create 120 full-time jobs at the facility.

The City of Sevierville, Tenn., is receiving a $2 million loan help the KaTom
Restaurant Supply Co. renovate a warehouse to create a training center for
employees and for customers who buy equipment. This project will add 15
employees to the company's workforce.

North Carolina's Tideland Electric Membership Corp. has been approved for a
$540,000 loan and $300,000 grant to help a charter school build a
57,000-square-foot classroom. The beneficiary of the loan is one of the oldest
charter schools in the state.

The awards announced today are contingent upon the recipients meeting the terms
of the loan or grant agreement. View the complete list of awards.

Since the beginning of the Obama Administration, the REDLG program has helped
create or save more than 32,000 rural jobs, provided almost $338 million in
economic development assistance, improved manufacturing capability, expanded
health care and educational facilities and helped expand or establish almost
1,200 rural businesses and community projects.

In 2013, Rural Development awarded a $1 million loan to the Dakota Valley
Electric Cooperative, which used part of the funds to help LaMoure Housing, Inc.
construct a building that is home to the grocery store and hardware store in the
small, rural town of LaMoure, N.D. (population 889).

President Obama's plan for rural America has brought about historic investment
and resulted in stronger rural communities. Under the President's leadership,
these investments in housing, community facilities, businesses and
infrastructure have empowered rural America to continue leading the way -
strengthening America's economy, small towns and rural communities.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: March 31, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             206 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            October 31, 2016 Monday

Washington: Agriculture Secretary Vilsack Awards $45 Million in Grants to Help
Agricultural Producers and Small Rural Businesses Develop New Products

LENGTH: 780  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: United States Department of Agriculture has issued the following
news release:



 Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack today announced that USDA is providing more
than $45 million to help farmers, ranchers, small businesses and entrepreneurs
nationwide develop new product lines. USDA is investing in 325 projects through
the Value-Added Producer Grant (VAPG) program.





 "Value-Added Producer Grants are one of USDA's most sought-after funding
sources for veteran and beginning farmers, and rural-based businesses," Vilsack
said. "These grants provide a much-needed source of financing to help producers
develop new product lines and increase their income, and keep that income in
their communities. Economic development initiatives like this one are working -
the unemployment rate in rural America is at an eight-year low and incomes rose
3.4 percent last year. Small business entrepreneurship, which Value-Added
Producer Grants support, is a major reason why rural America is a making a
comeback."



 VAPG grants can be used to develop new product lines from raw agricultural
products or promote additional uses for established products. Veterans,
socially-disadvantaged groups, beginning farmers and ranchers, operators of
small- and medium-sized family farms and ranches, and farmer and rancher
cooperatives are given special priority.



 USDA Rural Business-Cooperative Service Administrator Sam Rikkers announced the
grants on Vilsack's behalf during a visit to Leffel Roots, LLC in Eau Claire,
Wis. Leffel is receiving a $22,530 value-added grant to develop and market
bakery, cider and hard cider products. Another Wisconsin recipient, Bee Forest,
LLC, a logging and sawmill company in Nelson, is receiving a $250,000 grant to
market, process and ship shredded bark and saw dust.



 "Through the Value-Added Producer Grant program, USDA Rural Development invests
both in the quality of food and quality of life in rural areas," Rikkers said.
"Wisconsin businesses like Leffel Roots and Bee Forest are creating jobs and
growing local economies with their innovative ideas and entrepreneurial spirit."




 In Guinda, Calif., Riverdog Farm is receiving a $183,946 grant to increase the
processing of pork into bacon, sausage, ham and packaged pork cuts. These
products will expand the farm's operation at farmers markets and at its own farm
stand. Fifer Orchards Inc. in Camden Wyoming, Del., has been selected for a
$250,000 grant to expand marketing efforts to process, package and receive
apples for the family-owned orchard. Fifer sells its produce through its farm
and country store, at farmers markets, and wholesale to schools, restaurants and
grocery stores.



 USDA has awarded 1,441 VAPG awards since 2009, totaling $183 million. Congress
increased funding for the program in the 2014 Farm Bill. The grants are a key
element of USDA's Know Your Farmer, Know Your Food initiative, which coordinates
the Department's work on local and regional food systems. Secretary Vilsack has
identified local and regional food systems as a key component of rural economic
development.



 In 2014, Woodward Canyon Family Farm, LLC in Lowden, Wash., received a $200,000
VAPG grant to process wheat into flour. Rather than sell its wheat as a raw
product, the family farm processes it into flour that it sells to bakers,
restaurants and the public. Woodward Canyon has already exceeded forecasted
sales.



 Today's funding builds on USDA's historic investments in rural America over the
past seven years. USDA has worked to strengthen and support rural communities
and American agriculture, an industry that supports one in 11 American jobs,
provides American consumers with more than 80 percent of the food we consume,
ensures that Americans spend less of their paychecks at the grocery store than
most people in other countries, and supports markets for homegrown renewable
energy and materials.



 Since 2009, USDA Rural Development (@USDARDThis is an external link or
third-party site outside of the United States Department of Agriculture (USDA)
website.) has invested nearly $13 billion to start or expand nearly 112,000
rural businesses; and invested $38.2 billion in 1,057 electric projects that
have financed more than 198,000 miles of transmission and distribution lines
serving 4.6 million rural residents. USDA also helped 1.1 million rural
residents buy homes; funded nearly 9,200 community facilities such as schools,
public safety and health care facilities; and helped bring high-speed Internet
access to nearly 6 million rural residents and businesses.





 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:

 editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 31, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             207 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            October 31, 2016 Monday

Washington: Agriculture Secretary Vilsack Awards $45 Million in Grants to Help
Agricultural Producers and Small Rural Businesses Develop New Products

LENGTH: 780  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: United States Department of Agriculture has issued the following
news release:



 Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack today announced that USDA is providing more
than $45 million to help farmers, ranchers, small businesses and entrepreneurs
nationwide develop new product lines. USDA is investing in 325 projects through
the Value-Added Producer Grant (VAPG) program.





 "Value-Added Producer Grants are one of USDA's most sought-after funding
sources for veteran and beginning farmers, and rural-based businesses," Vilsack
said. "These grants provide a much-needed source of financing to help producers
develop new product lines and increase their income, and keep that income in
their communities. Economic development initiatives like this one are working -
the unemployment rate in rural America is at an eight-year low and incomes rose
3.4 percent last year. Small business entrepreneurship, which Value-Added
Producer Grants support, is a major reason why rural America is a making a
comeback."



 VAPG grants can be used to develop new product lines from raw agricultural
products or promote additional uses for established products. Veterans,
socially-disadvantaged groups, beginning farmers and ranchers, operators of
small- and medium-sized family farms and ranches, and farmer and rancher
cooperatives are given special priority.



 USDA Rural Business-Cooperative Service Administrator Sam Rikkers announced the
grants on Vilsack's behalf during a visit to Leffel Roots, LLC in Eau Claire,
Wis. Leffel is receiving a $22,530 value-added grant to develop and market
bakery, cider and hard cider products. Another Wisconsin recipient, Bee Forest,
LLC, a logging and sawmill company in Nelson, is receiving a $250,000 grant to
market, process and ship shredded bark and saw dust.



 "Through the Value-Added Producer Grant program, USDA Rural Development invests
both in the quality of food and quality of life in rural areas," Rikkers said.
"Wisconsin businesses like Leffel Roots and Bee Forest are creating jobs and
growing local economies with their innovative ideas and entrepreneurial spirit."




 In Guinda, Calif., Riverdog Farm is receiving a $183,946 grant to increase the
processing of pork into bacon, sausage, ham and packaged pork cuts. These
products will expand the farm's operation at farmers markets and at its own farm
stand. Fifer Orchards Inc. in Camden Wyoming, Del., has been selected for a
$250,000 grant to expand marketing efforts to process, package and receive
apples for the family-owned orchard. Fifer sells its produce through its farm
and country store, at farmers markets, and wholesale to schools, restaurants and
grocery stores.



 USDA has awarded 1,441 VAPG awards since 2009, totaling $183 million. Congress
increased funding for the program in the 2014 Farm Bill. The grants are a key
element of USDA's Know Your Farmer, Know Your Food initiative, which coordinates
the Department's work on local and regional food systems. Secretary Vilsack has
identified local and regional food systems as a key component of rural economic
development.



 In 2014, Woodward Canyon Family Farm, LLC in Lowden, Wash., received a $200,000
VAPG grant to process wheat into flour. Rather than sell its wheat as a raw
product, the family farm processes it into flour that it sells to bakers,
restaurants and the public. Woodward Canyon has already exceeded forecasted
sales.



 Today's funding builds on USDA's historic investments in rural America over the
past seven years. USDA has worked to strengthen and support rural communities
and American agriculture, an industry that supports one in 11 American jobs,
provides American consumers with more than 80 percent of the food we consume,
ensures that Americans spend less of their paychecks at the grocery store than
most people in other countries, and supports markets for homegrown renewable
energy and materials.



 Since 2009, USDA Rural Development (@USDARDThis is an external link or
third-party site outside of the United States Department of Agriculture (USDA)
website.) has invested nearly $13 billion to start or expand nearly 112,000
rural businesses; and invested $38.2 billion in 1,057 electric projects that
have financed more than 198,000 miles of transmission and distribution lines
serving 4.6 million rural residents. USDA also helped 1.1 million rural
residents buy homes; funded nearly 9,200 community facilities such as schools,
public safety and health care facilities; and helped bring high-speed Internet
access to nearly 6 million rural residents and businesses.





 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:

 editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 31, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             208 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           October 29, 2016 Saturday

Washington: Agriculture Secretary Vilsack Awards $45 Million in Grants to Help
Agricultural Producers and Small Rural Businesses Develop New Products

LENGTH: 780 words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: United States Department of Agriculture has issued the following
news release:



 Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack today announced that USDA is providing more
than $45 million to help farmers, ranchers, small businesses and entrepreneurs
nationwide develop new product lines. USDA is investing in 325 projects through
the Value-Added Producer Grant (VAPG) program.





 "Value-Added Producer Grants are one of USDA's most sought-after funding
sources for veteran and beginning farmers, and rural-based businesses," Vilsack
said. "These grants provide a much-needed source of financing to help producers
develop new product lines and increase their income, and keep that income in
their communities. Economic development initiatives like this one are working -
the unemployment rate in rural America is at an eight-year low and incomes rose
3.4 percent last year. Small business entrepreneurship, which Value-Added
Producer Grants support, is a major reason why rural America is a making a
comeback."



 VAPG grants can be used to develop new product lines from raw agricultural
products or promote additional uses for established products. Veterans,
socially-disadvantaged groups, beginning farmers and ranchers, operators of
small- and medium-sized family farms and ranches, and farmer and rancher
cooperatives are given special priority.



 USDA Rural Business-Cooperative Service Administrator Sam Rikkers announced the
grants on Vilsack's behalf during a visit to Leffel Roots, LLC in Eau Claire,
Wis. Leffel is receiving a $22,530 value-added grant to develop and market
bakery, cider and hard cider products. Another Wisconsin recipient, Bee Forest,
LLC, a logging and sawmill company in Nelson, is receiving a $250,000 grant to
market, process and ship shredded bark and saw dust.



 "Through the Value-Added Producer Grant program, USDA Rural Development invests
both in the quality of food and quality of life in rural areas," Rikkers said.
"Wisconsin businesses like Leffel Roots and Bee Forest are creating jobs and
growing local economies with their innovative ideas and entrepreneurial spirit."




 In Guinda, Calif., Riverdog Farm is receiving a $183,946 grant to increase the
processing of pork into bacon, sausage, ham and packaged pork cuts. These
products will expand the farm's operation at farmers markets and at its own farm
stand. Fifer Orchards Inc. in Camden Wyoming, Del., has been selected for a
$250,000 grant to expand marketing efforts to process, package and receive
apples for the family-owned orchard. Fifer sells its produce through its farm
and country store, at farmers markets, and wholesale to schools, restaurants and
grocery stores.



 USDA has awarded 1,441 VAPG awards since 2009, totaling $183 million. Congress
increased funding for the program in the 2014 Farm Bill. The grants are a key
element of USDA's Know Your Farmer, Know Your Food initiative, which coordinates
the Department's work on local and regional food systems. Secretary Vilsack has
identified local and regional food systems as a key component of rural economic
development.



 In 2014, Woodward Canyon Family Farm, LLC in Lowden, Wash., received a $200,000
VAPG grant to process wheat into flour. Rather than sell its wheat as a raw
product, the family farm processes it into flour that it sells to bakers,
restaurants and the public. Woodward Canyon has already exceeded forecasted
sales.



 Today's funding builds on USDA's historic investments in rural America over the
past seven years. USDA has worked to strengthen and support rural communities
and American agriculture, an industry that supports one in 11 American jobs,
provides American consumers with more than 80 percent of the food we consume,
ensures that Americans spend less of their paychecks at the grocery store than
most people in other countries, and supports markets for homegrown renewable
energy and materials.



 Since 2009, USDA Rural Development (@USDARDThis is an external link or
third-party site outside of the United States Department of Agriculture (USDA)
website.) has invested nearly $13 billion to start or expand nearly 112,000
rural businesses; and invested $38.2 billion in 1,057 electric projects that
have financed more than 198,000 miles of transmission and distribution lines
serving 4.6 million rural residents. USDA also helped 1.1 million rural
residents buy homes; funded nearly 9,200 community facilities such as schools,
public safety and health care facilities; and helped bring high-speed Internet
access to nearly 6 million rural residents and businesses.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:

 editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 29, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             209 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           October 29, 2016 Saturday

Washington: Agriculture Secretary Vilsack Awards $45 Million in Grants to Help
Agricultural Producers and Small Rural Businesses Develop New Products

LENGTH: 780 words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: United States Department of Agriculture has issued the following
news release:



 Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack today announced that USDA is providing more
than $45 million to help farmers, ranchers, small businesses and entrepreneurs
nationwide develop new product lines. USDA is investing in 325 projects through
the Value-Added Producer Grant (VAPG) program.





 "Value-Added Producer Grants are one of USDA's most sought-after funding
sources for veteran and beginning farmers, and rural-based businesses," Vilsack
said. "These grants provide a much-needed source of financing to help producers
develop new product lines and increase their income, and keep that income in
their communities. Economic development initiatives like this one are working -
the unemployment rate in rural America is at an eight-year low and incomes rose
3.4 percent last year. Small business entrepreneurship, which Value-Added
Producer Grants support, is a major reason why rural America is a making a
comeback."



 VAPG grants can be used to develop new product lines from raw agricultural
products or promote additional uses for established products. Veterans,
socially-disadvantaged groups, beginning farmers and ranchers, operators of
small- and medium-sized family farms and ranches, and farmer and rancher
cooperatives are given special priority.



 USDA Rural Business-Cooperative Service Administrator Sam Rikkers announced the
grants on Vilsack's behalf during a visit to Leffel Roots, LLC in Eau Claire,
Wis. Leffel is receiving a $22,530 value-added grant to develop and market
bakery, cider and hard cider products. Another Wisconsin recipient, Bee Forest,
LLC, a logging and sawmill company in Nelson, is receiving a $250,000 grant to
market, process and ship shredded bark and saw dust.



 "Through the Value-Added Producer Grant program, USDA Rural Development invests
both in the quality of food and quality of life in rural areas," Rikkers said.
"Wisconsin businesses like Leffel Roots and Bee Forest are creating jobs and
growing local economies with their innovative ideas and entrepreneurial spirit."




 In Guinda, Calif., Riverdog Farm is receiving a $183,946 grant to increase the
processing of pork into bacon, sausage, ham and packaged pork cuts. These
products will expand the farm's operation at farmers markets and at its own farm
stand. Fifer Orchards Inc. in Camden Wyoming, Del., has been selected for a
$250,000 grant to expand marketing efforts to process, package and receive
apples for the family-owned orchard. Fifer sells its produce through its farm
and country store, at farmers markets, and wholesale to schools, restaurants and
grocery stores.



 USDA has awarded 1,441 VAPG awards since 2009, totaling $183 million. Congress
increased funding for the program in the 2014 Farm Bill. The grants are a key
element of USDA's Know Your Farmer, Know Your Food initiative, which coordinates
the Department's work on local and regional food systems. Secretary Vilsack has
identified local and regional food systems as a key component of rural economic
development.



 In 2014, Woodward Canyon Family Farm, LLC in Lowden, Wash., received a $200,000
VAPG grant to process wheat into flour. Rather than sell its wheat as a raw
product, the family farm processes it into flour that it sells to bakers,
restaurants and the public. Woodward Canyon has already exceeded forecasted
sales.



 Today's funding builds on USDA's historic investments in rural America over the
past seven years. USDA has worked to strengthen and support rural communities
and American agriculture, an industry that supports one in 11 American jobs,
provides American consumers with more than 80 percent of the food we consume,
ensures that Americans spend less of their paychecks at the grocery store than
most people in other countries, and supports markets for homegrown renewable
energy and materials.



 Since 2009, USDA Rural Development (@USDARDThis is an external link or
third-party site outside of the United States Department of Agriculture (USDA)
website.) has invested nearly $13 billion to start or expand nearly 112,000
rural businesses; and invested $38.2 billion in 1,057 electric projects that
have financed more than 198,000 miles of transmission and distribution lines
serving 4.6 million rural residents. USDA also helped 1.1 million rural
residents buy homes; funded nearly 9,200 community facilities such as schools,
public safety and health care facilities; and helped bring high-speed Internet
access to nearly 6 million rural residents and businesses.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:

 editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 30, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             210 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             March 31, 2015 Tuesday

WASHINGTON:USDA Awards Loans and Grants to Support Rural Economic Development

LENGTH: 545  words

DATELINE: Palouse Grain Growers


Palouse Grain Growers has issued the following news release:

Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack today announced the award of $31 million in
loans and grants for organizations in 12 states to promote rural economic
development.

"These infrastructure investments will help rural residents start or expand
businesses," Vilsack said. "The funds can be used for a wide range of needs.
They can help businesses increase production and manufacturing capacity, and can
even help rural homeowners save money by making their homes more energy
efficient."

The funding is being provided through USDA's Rural Economic Development Loan and
Grant (REDLG) program. Vilsack today announced $31 million in loans and grants
for 38 projects in 12 states.

Through the REDLG program, USDA provides zero-interest loans and grants to
utilities that lend funds to local businesses for projects to create and retain
employment in rural areas. These revolving loan funds broaden the program's
reach and create a multiplier effect for its impact. Eligible applicants are
USDA Rural Utilities Service borrowers. Innovative USDA investments through this
program are boosting economic development in rural communities all across the
country, Vilsack noted.

In North Carolina, the Four County Electric Membership Corp. has been selected
to receive a $2 million loan to help Pender County buy equipment for a new
seafood manufacturing plant to be located in the county. This project is
expected to create 120 full-time jobs at the facility.

The City of Sevierville, Tenn., is receiving a $2 million loan help the KaTom
Restaurant Supply Co. renovate a warehouse to create a training center for
employees and for customers who buy equipment. This project will add 15
employees to the company's workforce.

North Carolina's Tideland Electric Membership Corp. has been approved for a
$540,000 loan and $300,000 grant to help a charter school build a
57,000-square-foot classroom. The beneficiary of the loan is one of the oldest
charter schools in the state.

The awards announced today are contingent upon the recipients meeting the terms
of the loan or grant agreement. View the complete list of awards.

Since the beginning of the Obama Administration, the REDLG program has helped
create or save more than 32,000 rural jobs, provided almost $338 million in
economic development assistance, improved manufacturing capability, expanded
health care and educational facilities and helped expand or establish almost
1,200 rural businesses and community projects.

In 2013, Rural Development awarded a $1 million loan to the Dakota Valley
Electric Cooperative, which used part of the funds to help LaMoure Housing, Inc.
construct a building that is home to the grocery store and hardware store in the
small, rural town of LaMoure, N.D. (population 889).

President Obama's plan for rural America has brought about historic investment
and resulted in stronger rural communities. Under the President's leadership,
these investments in housing, community facilities, businesses and
infrastructure have empowered rural America to continue leading the way -
strengthening America's economy, small towns and rural communities.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:
editorial@plusme.com

LOAD-DATE: March 31, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             211 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The Journal (Newcastle, UK)

                             March 3, 2012 Saturday

Grants Will Benefit Rural Businesses

BYLINE: Karen Dent

SECTION: A; Pg. 54

LENGTH: 571 words


THE RDPE announced this week the launch of the new Rural Economy Grant (REG).
With funding available for projects from £25,000 up to about £1m, this
announcement will be welcome news for many rural businesses in the North East.

This £60m Rural Economy Grant has been established in response to the findings
of Defra's Rural Economy Growth Review, which identified that large grants (of
£25,000 up to circa £1m) are needed in key business sectors to unlock
significant rural economic growth potential.

This will benefit a number of clients in the North East as it targets exactly
where businesses are looking to develop and invest. I am often contacted when
projects are in the early stages as to whether there is grant funding available.
It is a real benefit to a number of projects that the opportunity to apply is
now open.

The inclusion of tourism projects will be of particular interest which could
include development of high-quality accommodation provision (four-star minimum)
and upgrades where these bring clearly defined wider benefits to the local
economy.

Supporting tourism activities linked to quality local food, culture, heritage
and rural crafts/assets could also benefit as well as supporting the development
of niche products and services.  From an agricultural angle this grant could
help towards significant investments made to your business for upgrading your
handling facilities and improving your livestock buildings through to rain water
harvesting facilities and nutrient management.

The application process has two stages.  Firstly projects will need to submit an
outline application by April 30, 2012, which will assess whether your project
fits within one of the seven themes.  These themes are:

Farm competiveness, nutrient management, animal health & welfare and water
resource management.

Tourism.

Forestry.

Agri-Food.

Micro Enterprise Support (targeted at high growth/ high value sectors in Rural
Growth Network areas only).

Having been involved in many grant applications I am only too aware how crucial
the initial stage is.  This stage allows you to provide an outline of your
project, detailing how you anticipate it will fit with the overall aims of the
appropriate theme, the need and demand for the investment, and benefits of your
project. Your application will then be assessed as to whether your project may
proceed to the full application stage.

We've been able to help many farmers and rural businesses in the past and are
available to talk through your projects.  We know that the RDPE is looking for
projects that "enable a significant 'game-changing', transformational
performance in farm, forestry, tourism, agri-food and micro businesses in rural
areas in England".

Don't forget that the REG application process is competitive and those projects
offering the greatest return on grant investment will be more likely to be
successful.  REG applications in Uplands (SDA) or Rural Growth Network areas
will be prioritised for selection through the outline appraisal and selection
process.

The REG complements the Farming and Forestry Improvement Scheme (FFIS), which
provides small grants support (between £2,500 and £25,000) to farming,
horticulture and forestry businesses.  We submitted a number of applications
during the first round, and are ready for when this grant opens again for
applications in April.

Louis Fell is partner at the  Alnwick office of George F White

LOAD-DATE: March 3, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2012 Newcastle Chronicle & Journal Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             212 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        The Fort Morgan Times (Colorado)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             August 3, 2009 Monday

Stimulus, grants available but competitive

BYLINE: Dan Barker, The Fort Morgan Times, Colo.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 1388 words


Aug. 3--Almost 100 officials, business people and educators packed a classroom
at Morgan Community College looking for information about how to access grants,
especially American Recovery and Reinvestment Act stimulus funds. (Dan
Barker/Fort Morgan Times)

(Editor's note -- This is the first in a two-part series on the opportunities
for accessing grants for Morgan County.)

By DAN BARKER

Times Staff Writer

There are many opportunities for grants for local governments, businesses and
nonprofit agencies -- but there is a lot of competition for them in this
economy.

That was one of the messages as almost 100 area officials, business people and
educators gathered to hear about how to apply for grants -- including American
Recovery and Reinvestment Act stimulus funds -- from a number of experts at
Morgan Community College on Thursday afternoon.

Much of the meeting was dedicated to listing the grants available through
various agencies, and the help those applying for grants could find through
agencies such as the Colorado Governor's Energy Office, the U.S. Department of
Commerce, the Colorado Department of Local Affairs, the U.S. Department of
Agriculture's Rural Development Program, the El Pomar Foundation, the Colorado
Office of Economic

Development and International Trade and the Northeastern Colorado Association of
Local Governments.

Rosemary Rodriguez, state director of U.S. Sen. Michael Bennet's office, told
the crowd that her boss got together with U.S. Sen. Mark Udall and U.S. Rep.
Betsy Markey and told their staffs to find a way to let people know about the
grant opportunities out there with the stimulus funding.

At times, it has been difficult for private or public entities to access
government grants or loans, because the eligibility requirements were so
stringent, said John Zender, economic development representative for the
commerce department.

But agencies are trying to look at more current data and relax the rules a
little, he said.

For instance, under some old rules and with older data, there were only four
counties that could tap into Economic Development Administration funds. With
updated data, showing how counties are suffering, there are 33 counties eligible
for aid, including Morgan County, Zender said.

However, unemployment is a key issue, he said.

That limits what Morgan County could receive, because unemployment must be above
the national average.

The Denver region -- which covers 10 Western states bounded by Montana in the
northwest, Utah on the southwest, North Dakota on the northeast and Missouri on
the southeast -- has weathered the unemployment crisis better than many places,
Zender said.

"These 10 states have been some of the most resilient in the country," he said.

Much of the funding goes for areas which have seen major job losses, plant
closings, industry downturns, underemployment or natural disasters, Zender said.

In essence, an area has to show how it is suffering from the recession, he said.

The EDA has grants for such things as public works, economic adjustment in case
of natural disaster or major job losses, research and technical assistance,
partnership planning, trade adjustment and investment guidance, Zender said.

EDA's goals are to create higher-skill and higher-wage jobs and to increase
investment of private capital, he said.

Grant applicants have to remember that the stimulus funding is about stimulating
the economy, said Mark Turner, director of public policy for the Colorado
Nonprofit Association.

"They are looking for proposals that create or maintain jobs," he said.

Turner also warned that many federal grants come with matching-funds
requirements.

Since stimulus money is only a stopgap measure, nonprofits cannot use it for
long-term funding, Turner said. They must think of other sources to sustain
their efforts.

Rural development

Morgan County is eligible for all of the Rural Development programs, said Cheryl
Scofield, northeast regional director of the agency, who has an office in Wray.

In fact, many area people have applied for housing loans or loan guarantees, she
said.

Her office has made about 300 loans since the Oct. 1 beginning of its fiscal
year, but there are more than 40 programs which can benefit rural areas like
Morgan County, Scofield said.

One of the least used programs helps with home rehabilitation and repair for
low-income families, she said.

It can help with loans of up to $20,000 to do things like replace furnaces and
roofs, Scofield said.

In the case of senior citizens on Social Security, the home repair program can
even give grants instead of loans, said Jim Isgar, a former state senator who is
the new state director for USDA Rural Development.

Each year, this program gives back money from the home repair budget, because
people do not take advantage of the opportunities, perhaps thinking it is too
good to be true, Scofield said.

Rural Development offers direct loans for home buyers, loan guarantees, rental
housing opportunities, loans to create community facilities such as day car
centers and hospitals, rural business opportunity and enterprise grants to help
develop small and emerging private businesses, rural economic development loans
and grants for rural utilities services, value-added agricultural market
development grants, distance learning funding and water and waste disposal loans
and grants, she said.

Scofield said she is working with the town of Wiggins on its water project, has
helped Centennial BOCES, the Centennial Mental Health Center, the Sexual Assault
Response Advocates and SHARE.

The mission of Rural Development is to increase economic opportunity and quality
of life in rural America, she said.

Energy office

Energy office Eastern Colorado representative Bob Mailander said his office has
funding for the new energy economy and to help individuals and businesses save
money on energy costs.

His programs for weatherization to save on heating and cooling bills is
income-qualified, which means generally for low-income families, but the
guidelines have changed to allow for a a family of four making $44,000 a year to
qualify for the program, based on 200 percent of the official poverty level, he
said.

Also, the amount of money a family can access went from $2,500 to $6,500,
Mailander said.

The idea is to help families and businesses save 20 to 40 percent on their
energy bills, he said.

Helping families and businesses cut energy costs frees up money to circulate in
the community in other ways and creates local jobs, Mailander said.

Paying out-of-state owned utilities like Xcel Energy for power sends money away
from Colorado and the local economy, he said.

His office also offers Energy Efficiency and Conservation Block Grants, which
help develop long-term strategies for energy conservation beyond the stimulus
finding time period, but the amount of money available for rural areas is
limited.

Funding for these kinds of projects is based on population, which meant the big
cities and counties were given set amounts up front and the rural areas must
apply for their share of $9.5 million left from a state total of $43 million,
Mailander said.

The plan is to build local capacity for energy savings and energy economy
initiatives, and Northeast Colorado can access $214,000 for this planning, he
said.

The energy office's State Energy Program has $49 million to use in conjunction
with private funding from sources like Xcel and the Denver Federal Center to put
into capital investment for energy projects, renewable energy programs, energy
efficiency for commercial and civil buildings, technical assistance and to
create bonds to fund projects, Mailander said.

A great deal of the effort is changing the way people think about energy and
promoting energy-related business development, he said.

(Editor's note -- The second part of this series will cover the difficulties and
strategies involved with grants.)

-- Contact Dan Barker at business@fmtimes.com

To see more of The Fort Morgan Times, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.fortmorgantimes.com. Copyright (c) 2009, The Fort Morgan Times, Colo.
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: August 4, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20090803-FQ-Stimulus-grants-available-but-competitive-0803

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: FQ


                                 Copyright 2009


                             213 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              The Bismarck Tribune

                             April 17, 2015 Friday

USDA seeks applications to support rural businesses

SECTION: A; Pg. 11

LENGTH: 223 words


USDA Rural Development is seeking applications for grants to support rural
businesses and help create jobs through the Rural Business Development Grant
program.

Congress established the RBDG program under the 2014 Farm Bill by combining
USDA's Rural Business Enterprise Grant and Rural Business Opportunity Grant
programs. The new program, like its predecessors, is designed to assist the
startup or expansion of small and emerging private businesses and/or non-profits
in rural communities. Eligible applicants include public bodies, government
entities, Indian tribes and non-profit organizations.

RBDG grants can be used to acquire or develop land, buildings, plants and
equipment; build or improve access roads, parking areas, utility extensions, and
water and waste disposal facilities; provide technical assistance; establish
revolving loan funds; and to support rural distance learning programs that
provide educational or job training.

Applications in North Dakota should be submitted to the state office by 4:30
p.m. on the dates listed:

o Native American set-aside applications are due on May 8;

o REAP Zone set-aside applications are due on May 29;

o All other non-set-aside applications are due on June 12.

For additional information on how to apply, contact our office at 701-530-2037
or see Page 15665 of the March 25 Federal Register.

LOAD-DATE: April 16, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


       Copyright 2015 The Bismarck Tribune, a division of Lee Enterprises
                              All Rights Reserved


                             214 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            August 15, 2013 Thursday

Arkansas: USDA Seeks Applications for Grants to Create Jobs, Economic
Opportunity in Rural Areas

LENGTH: 721  words

DATELINE: Little Rock


Department of Agriculture, The State of Arkansas has issued the following news
release:

Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack announced today that the U.S. Department of
Agriculture (USDA) is seeking applications for grants that will be awarded to
organizations to help rural businesses create jobs and spur economic
development. USDA is making $5.6 million available through the Rural Community
Development Initiative (RCDI), a program that generates economic activity in
rural areas.

"This funding will help local and regional organizations as they assist small
and emerging businesses," Vilsack said. "The Obama Administration recognizes
small businesses as the engines of job creation and essential to strengthening
our national economy."

Strengthening the rural economy remains a main focus of USDA, despite budget
uncertainties. Qualified intermediary organizations receiving the grants will
provide financial and technical assistance to recipients to develop their
capacity to undertake housing, community facilities, or community and economic
development projects. Recipients will be non-profit organizations, low income
rural communities, or federally recognized tribes. Intermediary organizations
must provide matching funds at least equal to the RCDI grant. Funds are not
directly provided to business recipients by USDA under the program.

The deadline for submitting RCDI applications is November 12, 2013. Applications
must be submitted to the USDA Rural Development state office where the
applicant's headquarters are located. A list of these offices is available on
the USDA Rural Development website. For more information, see the August 14,
2013 Federal Register at www.gpo.gov/fdsys/pkg/FR-2013-08-14/pdf/2013-19773.pdf.

RCDI brings economic opportunity to rural areas. For example, in 2012, NC REAL
Enterprises in North Carolina, received a grant for its "Growing Small
Businesses in Rural North Carolina" project. NC REAL Enterprises provides
entrepreneurship education to a network of more than 300 certified facilitators
(teachers and civic leaders) who, in turn, provide courses to individuals
seeking to transition to an entrepreneurial small business career. Over a
two-year period, RCDI funding is expected to provide business education and
training to at least 2,000 individuals participating in this project; help start
40 new businesses; and improve the capacity of 20 existing businesses.

Secretary Vilsack said that today's announcement is another reminder of the
importance of USDA programs for rural America. A comprehensive new Food, Farm
and Jobs Bill would further expand the rural economy, Vilsack added, saying
that's just one reason why Congress must get a comprehensive Bill done as soon
as possible.

President Obama's plan for rural America has brought about historic investment
and resulted in stronger rural communities. Under the President's leadership,
these investments in housing, community facilities, businesses and
infrastructure have empowered rural America to continue leading the way -
strengthening America's economy, small towns and rural communities.

USDA's investments in rural communities support the rural way of life that
stands as the backbone of our American values. President Obama and Agriculture
Secretary Vilsack are committed to a smarter use of Federal resources to foster
sustainable economic prosperity and ensure the government is a strong partner
for businesses, entrepreneurs and working families in rural communities.

USDA, through its Rural Development mission area, has a portfolio of programs
designed to improve the economic stability of rural communities, businesses,
residents, farmers and ranchers and improve the quality of life in rural
America. USDA has made a concerted effort to deliver results for the American
people, even as the Department implements sequestration - the across-the-board
budget reductions mandated under terms of the Budget Control Act.

USDA has already undertaken historic efforts since 2009 to save more than $828
million in taxpayer funds through targeted, common-sense budget reductions.
These reductions have put USDA in a better position to carry out its mission,
while implementing sequester budget reductions in a fair manner that causes as
little disruption as possible.

For further information please visit: http://www.usda.gov/

LOAD-DATE: August 16, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             215 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Deming Headlight (New Mexico)

                            March 22, 2007 Thursday

Local EDC seeks grants

BYLINE: By Desma Montellano Headligt Staff

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 300 words


Deming-Luna Economic Development will seek funds the local community has never
before received to further business opportunities within the community.

Agencies such as Deming and Luna County's economic development department are
eligible to apply for funds from Department of Agriculture Rural Development
funds. Money will be for the 2007 fiscal year, under the Rural Business
Opportunity Grant (RBOG) Program.

"Economic Development is talking about doing that," said Linda Smrkovsky, with
Deming-Luna Economic Development, in applying for funds. "We've never received
the funding before. I understand that this year, the funds will be easier to
apply for."

The RBOG program aims to promote sustainable economic development in rural
communities. Grant money could be utilized for initiatives such as economic
planning for rural communities, technical assistance for rural businesses, or
training for rural entrepreneurs, economic development officials.

"We'd be able to recruit, and retain and expand businesses," Smrkovsky said.
"Deming and Luna County's economic development corporation has limited funding.
It would be great to be able to be more responsive to local business needs."

Applications for the non-earmarked funds have a cap of $50,000, while
multi-state projects are not to exceed $150,000.

"The program is designed to provide funds to help communities do some strategic
planning. It's a good, little program that helps a lot of communities. Deming is
one of the better communities around the country, which has done some good,
strategic planning. You've got new street lighting, benches, and using
facilities which have a lot more wise, planning solution. And it's not just in
Deming, it's in Columbus and all over the county."

Desma Montellano can be reached at desma@demingheadlight.com .

LOAD-DATE: July 17, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


          Copyright 2007 Deming Headlight, a MediaNews Group Newspaper
                              All Rights Reserved


                             216 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             January 5, 2015 Monday

World Accessibility in Rural America

LENGTH: 504  words


Washington, D.C.: U.S. Department of Agriculture has issued the following news
release:

Access to the world via internet and mobile phone services is at the fingertips
of most Americans, but this is not the reality for residents of many rural
communities across the Nation.

In October 2014, Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack announced $190.5 million in
grants and loans to make broadband and other advanced communications
infrastructure improvements in rural areas.

In December 2014, I visited with groups of people whose families and businesses
will benefit from a $1,771,035 USDA Rural Development Community Connect
Broadband Grant awarded to North Central Telephone Cooperative (NCTC) in
Lafayette, Tennessee.

This rural area bordering the Tennessee/Kentucky state line has seen their share
of businesses closing and families moving "closer to town."  Many of the
longtime residents understand why their children and grandchildren feel isolated
and have decided to move away, but they, along with community and business
leaders, hope the improvements that NCTC is making with the help of Rural
Development funds will turn the tide and draw businesses and people back into
the area.

Upon completion, NCTC service area residents will have access to internet speeds
ranging from 5 Megabits per second (Mbps) to a full 1 Gigabit per second (Gbps).
This means businesses will be able to capitalize off of e-commerce business
strategies and offer teleworking options to their employees; community members
will have more efficient and reliable access to commercial and emergency
services.

I was reminded by a young father that shared how much he enjoyed raising his
family on the same road as his parents, grandparents, siblings, aunts, and
uncles while also describing the challenge of not being able to work at home
because he did not have access to high-speed internet service, that building a
stronger rural America is not only vital to our nation economically, but as an
underpinning to strong families.

Breaking ground on this project felt more like USDA Rural Development and NCTC
were breaking antiquated barriers that have prevented America's rural
businesses, services and families from accessing the world.

USDA Rural Development's Community Connect Grant Program is designed for
communities like Lafayette. These grants enable access to broadband technology
that will sustain existing and attract new businesses to rural communities.
Broadband makes the world accessible even in rural America.

If your rural community needs financial assistance to make broadband access a
reality, USDA Rural Development is accepting applications* from state or town
governments, cooperatives, incorporated organizations, Indian Tribes and Tribal
Organizations for Community Connect Grants.

Together let's break down the barriers and make the world accessible. For more
information contact your local USDA Rural Development team.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: January 6, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             217 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           September 26, 2014 Friday

Hoeven Announces $6.4 Million in USDA Loans and Grants to Support Rural Business
in North Dakota

LENGTH: 496  words

DATELINE: Washington


Office of the Senator John Hoeven, U.S Government has issued the following news
release:

Senator John Hoeven today announced that the U.S. Department of Agriculture
(USDA) has awarded nearly $6.4 million in loans and grants to support rural
business activities in North Dakota. The funds are made available through two
USDA programs, the Rural Economic Development Loan and Grant (REDLG) Program and
the Rural Microentrepreneur Assistance Program (RMAP), which were continued by
the 2014 farm bill.

The REDLG Program provides zero-interest loans to local utilities, which then
relend the funds to local businesses to boost economic growth in rural
communities. Through RMAP, USDA provides loans to Microenterprise Development
Organizations (MDOs) to support microloans for the start-up or development of
businesses with 10 or fewer employees. RMAP also makes grants available for MDOs
to provide technical assistance and training, particularly in rural areas
experiencing persistent poverty or significant outmigration.

"As North Dakota's economy continues to expand, from the oil patch to Fargo, we
have many opportunities to grow and diversify our economy," said Hoeven. "These
USDA loans and grants help our businesses act on opportunities in our smaller
communities that might otherwise not be realized. Such investments help enhance
our state's economy, providing our resident's with jobs and helping to sustain
our economic growth into the future."

The loans and grants are awarded as follows:

West River Veterinary Clinic, PC - $2 million - This loan, made through Northern
Plains Electric Cooperative, will help build a new, modern clinic in Hettinger.
    Gooseneck Implement - $2 million - These two loans, made through SRT
Communications and Verendrye Electric Cooperative, will help construct a farm
equipment facility in Velva.
    Dakota Spirit AgEnergy, LLC- $1 million - This loan, made through the
Northern Plains Electric Cooperative, will support the construction a
65-million-gallon-per-year ethanol plant in Jamestown.
    S&S Grain, Inc. - $775,000 - This loan, made through Nodak Electric
Cooperative, Inc., will support the purchase and renovation of a building for
grain drying, handling and storage in Walhalla.
    Oyate Community Development Corporation - $500,000 loan and $105,000 grant -
These funds will be used to capitalize a rural revolving loan fund to make
microloans to very small businesses.

As a member of the U.S. Senate Agriculture and Appropriations committees, Hoeven
continues working to support rural development programs, which promote
infrastructure investment in and help grow North Dakota's rural communities. The
senator also served on the Senate-House Conference Committee that negotiated the
final version of the new five-year farm bill which reauthorized and strengthened
programs in support of rural communities.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: September 26, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             218 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                        The Superior Express (Nebraska)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                 March 29, 2012

Tour of grant recipients includes Superior

BYLINE: The Superior Express staff

LENGTH: 569  words


Maxine Moul, state director of USDA Rural Development in Nebraska, met with
three businesses Friday that were fassisted through the Rural Energy for America
Program (REAP) for energy efficiency improvements. The visits stem from the
release of a USDA report highlighting the impact of the REAP program on
promoting energy efficiency and renewable energy.

"Making energy efficiency improvements help businesses increase their bottom
line," said Moul. "The savings can help increase production, add employees or
reinvest the money backs into the local economy." Moul also announced that
Nebraska Rural Development has a March 30 deadline for applications for the 2012
REAP program. Moul was accompanied on her visits by Deb Yocum, energy
coordinator for USDA Rural Development in Nebraska.

The Friday visits were to Main Street Floral in Superior, which received a grant
of more than $5,000 to install an energy efficient front door, windows and
lighting (the improvements also gave the store an updated curb appeal); Monson's
Garage in Sutton, which utilized nearly $2,800 in grant funds for energy
efficient polyurethane foam rooting and replacing the interior lights (the
business realized a savings of 64 percent in year one and 70 percent in the
second year upon project completion); and Greg's Market in Exeter, vvhich
utilized more than $11,000 in grant funds to install energy efficient freezers,
new compressor units and lighting (the business realized actual energy savings
of 46 percent in year one and 33 percent in the second year after project
completion).

The USDA national energy report highlights programs for helping rural small
businesses, farmers and ranchers improve energy efficiency and generate power
from wind, solar, anaerobic digestion and other renewable sources. The report
highlights how the REAP program has assisted individual applicants to control
power costs and in some cases, generate power for sale. The program is part of
the "all of the above" approach for an American energy policy which includes
homegrown and alternative energy sources.

A REAP grant of $5,094 helped give the building a new facade, complete with new
energy efficient windows and door. The new storefront and lighting is expected
to reduce annual energy consumption by an estimated 48 percent.

"Our new store front windows have made a huge improvement with our business.
People have stopped just to say how great it looks and how it added to the
improvements of our main street business district," Kroeger said. "We look
forward to seeing the savings in our winter utility bill from the new lighting
and insulated windows."

REAP provides grants, loan guarantees, and a combination of grants and loan
guarantees to rural small businesses and agricultural producers. While
applications for REAP guaranteed loans for renewable energy systems and energy
efficiency improvements are being accepted through June 29, applications for
REAP grants and loan-grant combinations must be submitted to the Nebraska Rural
Development office no later than March 30. Moul said NPPD has been a good
partner in the project, providing the energy audits, Funds may be used to
purchase renewable energy systems and to make energy efficiency improvements.
REAP also provides grants for feasibility studies for renewable systems, energy
audits, and renewable energy development assistance for agricultural producers
and rural small businesses.

LOAD-DATE: June 7, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Business

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: SPX

                      Copyright 2012 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                      Copyright 2012 The Superior Express


                             219 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            June 17, 2015 Wednesday

FLORIDA:Funding Opportunity: New Rural Business Development Grant Program

LENGTH: 191  words

DATELINE: League of Cities


Florida League of Cities has issued the following news release:

The 2014 Federal Farm Bill consolidated the Rural Development's Rural Business
Enterprise Grant (RBEG) program and the Rural Business Opportunity Grant (RBOG)
program into a new program called the Rural Business Development Grant (RBDG)
program. These programs support training, technical assistance, and planning
activities for redevelopment, business development, relocation and expansion of
existing businesses. The RBEG program also funds construction, acquisition, land
development, equipment and capitalization of revolving loan funds to support
business startups and working capital needs in rural areas. USDA Rural
Development's Rural Business-Cooperative Service is drafting regulations to
implement the consolidation of the two programs. The agency is planning to keep
the two current programs (RBEG and RBOG) "active" until funds are appropriated
under the consolidated RBDG program in fiscal year 2015. Click here to learn
more and download an application.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: June 17, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             220 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                           The Decorah Journal (Iowa)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                 August 1, 2013

Farm bill important for economy;
Farming and Your Freedom

BYLINE: The Decorah Journal staff

LENGTH: 483  words


Reasons why a comprehensive farm bill needs to be passed by Congress go beyond
crop insurance and conservation programs, even beyond food stamps and nutrition
programs. USDA Rural Development efforts to create jobs also depend upon such a
bill.

The USDA has announced that grants and loans to support job creation, business
development and to strengthen economic growth, will, if approved, be available
in 11 states, including Iowa and Minnesota. The announcement recognized the
economic uncertainty the agency does business in these days and the lack of a
cohesive, comprehensive farm bill necessary for support of those efforts.

USDA Rural Utilities Service Administrator John Padalino announced the new
effort during the recent meeting of the National Rural Economic Developers
Association in Austin, Tex. Some $11.8 million in projects were announced.

Through Padalino's announcement, U.S. Ag Secretary Tom Vilsack said. "These
investments will give rural businesses and local organizations more access to
capital and new markets, allowing them to expand and increase hiring." That's
the key.

New jobs come when business innovates and expands. Vilsack noted that between
2009 and 2011, the government funded some $7 billion in such loans and grants.
The program is expected to continue that aid.

The program, through the Rural Economic Development Loan and Grant program
(REDLG), provides zero-interest loans and grants to local utilities. They, in
turn, lend the funds through local businesses for projects that create and
retain employment in rural areas. The program is diverse, too. It funds business
start-ups and/or expansion, business incubators, education and training
facilities and equipment, community development assistance, health care and
community projects that support rural jobs. Pretty impressive.

This Obama Administration program has been estimated to create 25,000 rural
jobs, provided $200 million in economic development assistance, improved
manufacturing capability, expanded health care and educational facilities and
has expanded or helped to establish over 900 rural businesses and community
projects.

Padalino, in the announcement, said the program is yet another reminder of the
importance of USDA programs to the rural economy, and noted that a comprehensive
new Food, Farm and Jobs Bill would further expand the rural economy. He called
upon Congress to make it so.

Meanwhile, the agency has made what it called a "concerted effort to deliver
results for the American people, even as the Department implements sequestration
- the across-the-board budget reductions mandated under terms of the Budget
Control Act."

The agency has saved over $828 million in taxpayer funds through what it called
"targeted, common-sense budget reductions." It sees the importance of a new farm
bill in continuing fair budgeting with as little disruption as possible. Amen to
that.

I'll see ya!

LOAD-DATE: June 7, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Guest Opinion

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: DEC

                      Copyright 2013 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                         Copyright 2013 Decorah Journal


                             221 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                             Kidderminster Shuttle

                             June 30, 2009 Tuesday

Rural business grants available

SECTION: BUSINESS (KS NEWS BUSINESS)

LENGTH: 222 words


PEOPLE are being urged by rural watchdog body, the CLA, to capitalise on a raft
of new rural business-related grants available in the region.

The grant opportunities have been launched by Advantage West Midlands and cash
is being targeted at five areas - farm diversification, services for rural
populations, organic farm waste processing, resource efficiency on agricultural
and horticultural units and forestry.

The Strategic Investment Grant (SIG) is a capital grants programme, (for grants
£62,500 and above) funded under the Rural Development Programme for England
(RDPE) and is available to land-based businesses.

SIG can fund large-scale and collaborative projects to improve the
competitiveness of the agricultural and forestry sector and improve the quality
of life in rural areas and diversification of the rural economy.

CLA West Midlands chief, Caroline Bedell, said: "Any plan to help rural
businesses during the recession is welcome. This grant funding could be the type
of cash injection many rural areas need.

"However, our concern is, that in too many cases, it can take months for grant
applications for rural development programmes to be decided on.

"What is required is a fast-track approach, where those who need grants can
actually receive them in a timely fashion that will help negate the impact of
the recession."

LOAD-DATE: June 30, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2009 NewsQuest Media Group Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             222 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             March 30, 2015 Monday

Washington: USDA Awards Loans and Grants to Support Rural Economic Development

LENGTH: 552  words

DATELINE: Washington


US Department of Agriculture, The Government of USA has issued the following
news release:

Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack today announced the award of $31 million in
loans and grants for organizations in 12 states to promote rural economic
development.

"These infrastructure investments will help rural residents start or expand
businesses," Vilsack said. "The funds can be used for a wide range of needs.
They can help businesses increase production and manufacturing capacity, and can
even help rural homeowners save money by making their homes more energy
efficient."

The funding is being provided through USDA's Rural Economic Development Loan and
Grant (REDLG) program. Vilsack today announced $31 million in loans and grants
for 38 projects in 12 states.

Through the REDLG program, USDA provides zero-interest loans and grants to
utilities that lend funds to local businesses for projects to create and retain
employment in rural areas. These revolving loan funds broaden the program's
reach and create a multiplier effect for its impact. Eligible applicants are
USDA Rural Utilities Service borrowers. Innovative USDA investments through this
program are boosting economic development in rural communities all across the
country, Vilsack noted.

In North Carolina, the Four County Electric Membership Corp. has been selected
to receive a $2 million loan to help Pender County buy equipment for a new
seafood manufacturing plant to be located in the county. This project is
expected to create 120 full-time jobs at the facility.

The City of Sevierville, Tenn., is receiving a $2 million loan help the KaTom
Restaurant Supply Co. renovate a warehouse to create a training center for
employees and for customers who buy equipment. This project will add 15
employees to the company's workforce.

North Carolina's Tideland Electric Membership Corp. has been approved for a
$540,000 loan and $300,000 grant to help a charter school build a
57,000-square-foot classroom. The beneficiary of the loan is one of the oldest
charter schools in the state.

The awards announced today are contingent upon the recipients meeting the terms
of the loan or grant agreement. View the complete list of awards.

Since the beginning of the Obama Administration, the REDLG program has helped
create or save more than 32,000 rural jobs, provided almost $338 million in
economic development assistance, improved manufacturing capability, expanded
health care and educational facilities and helped expand or establish almost
1,200 rural businesses and community projects.

In 2013, Rural Development awarded a $1 million loan to the Dakota Valley
Electric Cooperative, which used part of the funds to help LaMoure Housing, Inc.
construct a building that is home to the grocery store and hardware store in the
small, rural town of LaMoure, N.D. (population 889).

President Obama's plan for rural America has brought about historic investment
and resulted in stronger rural communities. Under the President's leadership,
these investments in housing, community facilities, businesses and
infrastructure have empowered rural America to continue leading the way -
strengthening America's economy, small towns and rural communities.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: March 30, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             223 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                    The Portales, News-Tribune (New Mexico)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                          February 13, 2013 Wednesday

USDA: Funding available for rural development

BYLINE: Christina Calloway, The Portales News-Tribune, N.M.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 546 words


Feb. 13--Roosevelt County Community Development Corp. Director Doug Redmond says
he has a proposal to help stimulate the local economy.

He was just waiting on the U.S. Department of Agriculture to help come up with
the money.

The USDA's Department of Rural Development announced on Tuesday that grant
funding is now available for rural development in New Mexico through its Rural
Business Enterprise Grant program. Redmond sees the  announcement as his
agency's opportunity.

"We are going to apply for one, contingent on the board approving it," Redmond
said  Wednesday. "I'm speaking to the board next week."

Redmond has plans to set up a revolving loan fund to do some micro-lending out
of the RCCDC

"I had experience in the past with this in Georgia. It's a really good program
that we can utilize," Redmond said, referring to his time as a city and county
manager in Georgia prior to accepting his position in Portales. "We can use
those for startup businesses."

Ernie Watson with the USDA said that's precisely what the grant program is
intended for, to boost the economy of rural New Mexico.

According to the USDA's press release, RBEG funding is made available to
municipal agencies and nonprofits in communities of 50,000 or less.

Application will be accepted for a range of project proposals, but certain
projects will receive discretionary points if they support the agency's goals in
areas including renewable energy, local food systems and value-added
agriculture, support of cooperatives, and underserved populations.

Particularly in this area, business programs in impoverished counties, such as
Roosevelt County, will also be considered, according to the press release.

"The bottom line is, it's used to stimulate the economy by creating jobs,"
Watson said.

Through this program, he said rural communities in New Mexico have applied for
funding for projects ranging from the reconstruction of a community building to
an improved farmer's market.

Earlier in February, a rural community in Taos County used $81,000 in the funds
to restore a historical building that was falling apart, according to Watson.

"Projects do not have to be related to agriculture," Watson said. "It's to
provide a better lifestyle for rural New Mexico. It's a really flexible grant."

He added that communities often times look for funds to do a feasibility study
on a proposed business or project in the area rather than borrowing money and
having the business going belly-up. He hopes these communities take advantage of
the opportunity and applies for these funds.

"I'd like to use this for helping entrepreneurs get started here in Portales,"
Redmond said about the grant. "It's another tool we can use along with LEDA
(Local Economic Development Act) funds."

Gene Hendrick with the Clovis Industrial Development Corp. said he isn't sure if
the local community will apply for this grant but there is a possibility.

"Some of the community would be interested in BEG funding," Hendrick said, but
added that since the program was just announced, he hasn't heard anything yet.

According to the press release, the deadline for application is April 12.

___ (c)2013 The Portales News-Tribune (Clovis, N.M.) Visit The Portales
News-Tribune (Clovis, N.M.) at www.pntonline.com Distributed by MCT Information
Services

LOAD-DATE: February 16, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20130213-PV-USDA-Funding-available-for-rural-development-0213-20130213

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: PV


                          Copyright 2013 The Portales


                             224 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Brattleboro Reformer (Vermont)

                            October 1, 2015 Thursday

Brattleboro's Food Connects hopes to expand to 10 more schools

BYLINE: By Robert Audette Reformer Staff

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 617 words


BRATTLEBORO &GT;&GT; Food Connects, a local non-profit food hub, which works to
connect food producers with both retail and institutional markets, will use a
$38,000 grant from the USDA to purchase a refrigerated delivery truck.

Richard Berkfield, the executive director of Food Connects, said the new truck
will allow delivery to expand from three days a week to five. This increase will
allow producers to connect more readily to new markets such as schools,
including the Bellows Falls Union High School, and will create or save an
estimated eight jobs in the area.

Berkfield told the Reformer the truck is a lightly used model, which Food
Connects hopes to receive in the next couple of weeks. In addition to the USDA
grant, he said, additional funding was received from the Fanny Holt Ames and
Edna Louise Holt Fund.

"We already do some deliveries to the Bellows Falls schools, but this truck will
allow us to do a better job," he said. Having the truck means Food Connects can
add another 10 schools to the 20 it now delivers to, said Berkfield.

Food Connects started in 2013, but its roots grew out of Post Oil Solution's
farm-to-school program and its growth was assisted by the UVM Extension in
Brattleboro. The nonprofit sells products from local farms to institutions such
as schools, said Berkfield.

"What's great about this area is some wholesalers such as Harlow Farm, Dream On
Orchards and Dutton Berry Farm grow a lot of food and keep it through the winter
months, when school is in session. That way we can sell some produce year round,
such as apples."

More than half the fresh produce made available at Brattleboro Union High School
is produced within 30 miles of the school, said Berkfield.

"Our local producers deserve a lot of credit for their efforts."

Food Connects is performing the market development work for the region's
farm-to-school efforts and works with teachers, administrators, parents and
volunteers to insure the food being offered meets the high standards for school
nutrition programs.

Teachers wrap up the farm-to-school program and nutrition into their teaching
curriculum, he said.

"All the food is purchased through the schools' meal programs, but a lot of the
work is being done by volunteers, teachers and parents putting in the extra
time."

Berkfield said the farm-to-school program has been very successful and is a
credit to the communities that have been supporting it.

The grant was one of $204,000 worth of grants announced through the USDA Rural
Development's Rural Business Development Grant Program to support the start-up
or expansion of rural Vermont businesses.

"Emerging and developing businesses are the backbone of Vermont's economy and
our rural communities," said USDA Rural Development Vermont State Director Ted
Brady, "These seven Rural Business Development Grants will invest in our state's
local food systems, our tourism economy and create new opportunities for rural
entrepreneurs."

Other recipients include Barre 2000 and Beyond Inc., $35,000; Central Vermont
Community Television, $33,000; Paramount Center, Inc., $12,500; Vermont Software
Developers' Alliance, $50,000; Vermont Trail and Greenways Council, $20,000; and
Vital Communities, $15,500.

The RBDG program is devoted to funding nonprofits or public entities that
provide technical assistance to area businesses, business training and bolster
rural job-creation. An estimated 36 Vermont jobs will be created or saved as a
result of these grants. Grant funding is available for both the planning and
implementation of business development projects. Nationally the USDA provided
$18.3 million in Rural Business Development Grants this year.

Bob Audette can be contacted at 802-254-2311, ext 160.

LOAD-DATE: October 5, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


   Copyright 2015 MediaNews Group, Inc. and New England Newspaper Group Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             225 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                   Mouse River Journal (Towner, North Dakota)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                October 21, 2015

USDA grants to assist Rural Economic Development

BYLINE: Mouse River Journal staff

LENGTH: 198  words


Mandan. N.D.-Ryan Taylor, USDA Rural Development state director, announced today
that Common Enterprise Development Corporation (CEDC) and the North Dakota
Association of Rural Electric Cooperatives (NDaREC) were selected to each
receive a $200,000 grant. The funding will be used to help rural cooperatives
and small businesses expand, create jobs and strengthen their capacity to serve
residents and communities.

"The cooperative business model is responsive to community needs and is
successful in stimulating local economic growth," Taylor said. "As we celebrate
October as National Cooperative Month, I am pleased to announce our support of
both the CEDC and NDaREC efforts."

The funds are being provided through the Rural Cooperative Development Grant
program, which helps finance non-profit groups, such as rural cooperative
development centers and higher education institutions. These competitively
awarded grants may be used to conduct feasibility studies, offer leadership and
operations training, create and implement business plans, and help businesses
develop new markets for their products and services.

For more information on USDA programs, please visit http://www.rd.usda.gov/nd.

LOAD-DATE: July 17, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Economy

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: MSE

                      Copyright 2015 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                       Copyright 2015 Mouse River Journal


                             226 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                   Chambersburg Public Opinion (Pennsylvania)

                             August 27, 2007 Monday

Downtown businesses could expect boost through grant

BYLINE: By MARCUS RAUHUT Staff writer

SECTION: LOCAL

LENGTH: 337 words


Businesses in downtown Chambersburg could get an additional boost, thanks to a
grant from the U.S. Department of Agriculture's Rural Development program.

The agency presented a $99,000 Rural Business Enterprise Grant to Downtown
Chambersburg Inc. Monday morning at the Heritage Center in Chambersburg.

The grant will be used to finance a revolving loan fund, a program designed to
stimulate business by providing working capital through loans to downtown
Chambersburg businesses.

Downtown businesses can borrow as much as $10,000 from the fund. When they pay
back the loan, the money is returned to the pool to support loans to other
businesses.

"People come to town and ask what we have in terms of incentives. This adds one
more tool to the list of incentives that enables us to reach out to small
businesses downtown -- new and existing ones. I'm very excited," said Paul
Cullinane, president of Downtown Chambersburg.

Cullinane said the program targets the area between King and Washington streets
from north to south and between Second Street and the Rail Trail from east to
west.

Once applications become available, businesses may apply through Downtown
Chambersburg.

The USDA Rural Development program has awarded $1,013,000 statewide during the
fiscal year 2007 in Rural Business Enterprise Grants.

"It's one of the best programs we offer because it creates jobs," said Gary
Groves, state director of Rural Development.

The agency also provides support locally in the form of grants and low-interest
loans to help low-income residents become homeowners.

With the grant awarded Monday, Cullinane said businesses now have more reasons
to invest in downtown Chambersburg.

"This could very well be a pilot for a broader range of support for downtown
with Elm Street on the horizon," he said.

Parts of the borough are seeking an Elm Street Community designation, which
would open the door to state funding to help make improvements in the
neighborhood.

----------

Marcus Rauhut can be reached at mrauhut@publicopinionnews.com or 262-4752.

LOAD-DATE: June 13, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2007 Public Opinion
                              All Rights Reserved


                             227 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                 Worcester News

                          September 9, 2015 Wednesday

Deadline approaching for rural business grants

BYLINE: Mike Pryce

SECTION: BUSINESS NEWS

LENGTH: 327 words


TIME is running out for Worcestershire's rural businesses to apply for a share
of Â[#xfffd]300,000.

Funding is available to all new and existing businesses in rural areas that are
seeking grant assistance for investments to expand and create new jobs, with the
opportunity to receive grants from Â[#xfffd]35,000 up to approximately
Â[#xfffd]100,000. But the deadline for applications is 5pm, on Friday, November
27.

The European Agricultural Fund for Rural Development funding is part of the
European Structural and Investment Funds Growth Programme. Applicants can apply
for a grant to cover up to 40 per cent of the project's total eligible costs.
Projects will need to demonstrate and evidence how they can create a number of
new jobs and increase their overall wages.

The funding is designed to benefit Worcestershire Local Enterprise Partnership's
priority growth sectors of agri-tech, advanced manufacturing and cyber/ defence,
by for example, improving farm diversification, construction and development of
workshops, factories and machinery and the introduction of new technologies and
equipment to improve productivity and efficiency.

Gary Woodman, executive director of the Worcestershire LEP, said: "EAFRD funding
is now available for rural business development in Worcestershire. The funding
is a fantastic opportunity for businesses in rural areas to expand and create
jobs, providing a great boost the local economy. I would strongly encourage any
interested parties to apply for this call for funding before the deadline
expires."

As there is already an EAFRD fund currently available to rural tourism
businesses, rural tourism businesses will be unable to apply for the Business
Development fund. Applicants will be assessed in two stages of the application
process, the outline and full application stages. Further details on how to
apply for a grant and an outline application form are available from Jo Jury by
emailing jo.jury@rpa.gsi.gov.uk or by phoning 01905 768854.

LOAD-DATE: September 16, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2015 NewsQuest Media Group Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             228 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            The Sun (Yuma, Arizona)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            April 14, 2012 Saturday

Two Yuma businesses receive rural grants

BYLINE: Joyce Lobeck, The Sun, Yuma, Ariz.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 503 words


April 14--Once again Yuma is receiving the lion's share of funding awarded by
the Arizona Commerce Authority through its Rural Economic Development Grant
Program.

The $1.5 million awarded to eight recipients will be leveraged to create up to
180 new jobs, which represent approximately $6.6 million in new payroll and
nearly $10.5 million in new capital investment to the state. Grants range in
value from $60,000 to $460,000, and will be used to assist rural communities
foster economic development projects that represent job growth and capital
investment in base industries.

Two Yuma projects will receive a total of $520,000, Julie Engel, president and
chief executive officer of Greater Yuma Economic Development Corporation,
announced Friday.

InsulTech, which makes high-tech thermal and acoustic insulation for commercial
applications, was awarded $460,000, mainly for equipment it will need for its
expansion to Yuma. That was the largest grant of the eight projects that were
funded through the rural allocation program.

DatePac was awarded $60,000 to help pay for a $1 million expansion of its date
packing facility.

Because GYEDC could only submit one application, the City of Yuma sponsored the
InsulTech application and Yuma County Chamber of Commerce sponsored the DatePac
application.

DatePac is a consortium of area Medjool date growers.

Last year, the first year of the grant program, Yuma received 70 percent of the
available funding, Engel said. Last year's grant recipients were Johnson
Controls to help pay for its expansion and Yuma International Airport for
improvements to Rolle Airfield.

This year's grant program focus was specifically on job creation, Engel said.
InsulTech expects to create between 50 and 100 jobs. DatePac's expansion will
result in two additional jobs but it also will extend the season.

Applications for two other Yuma-area projects were denied because neither could
demonstrate guaranteed job creation, Engel said. They included the second phase
of improvements to Rolle Field and purchase of a back-up generator for an empty
call center building.

Still, Engel said, "I'm very pleased with the funding."

"Our rural communities have always had the potential to foster technological
development and job creation -- but they haven't always had the means to do so,"
said Gov. Jan Brewer. "I commend the Commerce Authority for recognizing the
importance of rural economic development with these much-needed grants."

Added Yuma County Sen. Don Shooter: "I am proud to be part of the governor and
Legislature's efforts to support business opportunities in Yuma. By supporting
these companies we encourage the business community to do what it does best --
and that is to create jobs we need in Yuma and all of Arizona."

Joyce Lobeck can be reached at jlobeck@yumasun.com or 539-6853. Find her on
Facebook at www.facebook.com/YSJoyceLobeck or on Twitter at @YSJoyceLobeck.

___ (c)2012 The Sun (Yuma, Ariz.) Visit The Sun (Yuma, Ariz.) at www.yumasun.com
Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: April 14, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20120414-YZ-Two-Yuma-businesses-receive-rural-grants-0414-20120414

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: YZ


                             Copyright 2012 The Sun


                             229 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            March 11, 2015 Wednesday

Washington: Inviting Applications for the Rural Economic Development Loan and
Grant Programs for Fiscal Year 2015

LENGTH: 2769  words

DATELINE: Washington


US Federal Register has published the following document:

[Federal Register Volume 80, Number 47 (Wednesday, March 11, 2015)]
[Notices]
[Pages 12795-12797]
From the Federal Register Online via the Government Printing Office
[www.gpo.gov]
[FR Doc No: 2015-05525]


-----------------------------------------------------------------------

DEPARTMENT OF AGRICULTURE

Rural Business-Cooperative Service


Inviting Applications for the Rural Economic Development Loan and
Grant Programs for Fiscal Year 2015

AGENCY: Rural Business-Cooperative Service, USDA.

ACTION: Notice.

-----------------------------------------------------------------------

SUMMARY: This Notice is to invite applications for loans and grants
under the Rural Economic Development Loan and Grant (REDLG) programs
pursuant to 7 CFR part 4280, subpart A for fiscal year (FY) 2015.
Funding to support $38.6 million in loans and $9.2 million in grants is
currently available. The commitment of program dollars will be made to
applicants of selected responses that have fulfilled the necessary
requirements for obligation.
 All applicants are responsible for any expenses incurred in
developing their applications.

DATES: Application Deadline: Completed applications must be received in
the United States Department of Agriculture (USDA) Rural Development
State Office no later than 4:30 p.m. (local time) on the last business
day of each month to be considered for funding in the following month
in FY 2015.

ADDRESSES: Submit applications in paper format to the USDA Rural
Development State Office for the State where the project is located. A
list of the USDA Rural Development State Office contacts can be found
at: http://www.rurdev.usda.gov/StateOfficeAddresses.html.

FOR FURTHER INFORMATION CONTACT: Kristi Kubista-Hovis at (202) 815-
1589, Kristi.Kubista-Hovis@wdc.usda.gov, and Cindy Mason at (202) 690-
1433, Cindy.Mason@wdc.usda.gov Please contact the USDA Rural
Development State Office in the State in which the project will be
located.

Overview

Solicitation Opportunity Type: Rural Economic Development Loans and
Grants.
 Announcement Type: Initial Announcement.
 Catalog of Federal Domestic Assistance Number: 10.854.
 Dates: Application Deadline: Completed applications must be
received in the USDA Rural Development State Office no later than 4:30
p.m. (local time) on the last business day of each month to be
considered for funding in the following month in FY 2015.

I. Funding Opportunity Description

A. Purpose of the Program. The purpose of the program is to promote
rural economic development and job creation projects.
 B. Statutory Authority. These programs are authorized under 7
U.S.C. 940c and 7 CFR part 4280, subpart A. Assistance provided to
rural areas, as defined, under this program may include business
startup costs, business expansion, business incubators, technical
assistance feasibility studies, advanced telecommunications services
and computer networks for medical, educational, and job training
services, and community facilities projects for economic development.
Awards are made on a competitive basis using specific selection
criteria contained in 7 CFR part 4280, subpart A. Information required
to be in the application includes an SF-424, ``Application for Federal
Assistance;'' a Resolution of the Board of Directors; AD-1047,
``Debarment/Suspension Certification;'' Assurance Statement for the
Uniform Act; Restrictions on Lobbying, AD-1049, ``Certification
Regarding Drug-Free Workplace Requirements;'' Form

[[Page 12796]]

RD 400-1, ``Equal Opportunity Agreement;'' Form RD 400-4, ``Assurance
Agreement;'' Seismic Certification (if construction); paperwork
required in accordance with 7 CFR 1940, subpart G, ``Environmental
Program.'' If the proposal involves new construction; large increases
in employment; hazardous waste; a change in use, size, capacity,
purpose or location from an original facility; or is publicly
controversial, the following is required: Form RD 1940-20, ``Request
for Environmental Information;'' RUS Form 7, ``Financial and
Statistical Report;'' and RUS Form 7a, ``Investments, Loan Guarantees,
and Loans,'' or similar information; and written narrative of project
description. Applications will be tentatively scored by the State
Offices and submitted to the National Office for review.
 C. Definition of Terms. The definitions applicable to this Notice
are published at 7 CFR 4280.3.
 D. Application Awards. The Agency will review, evaluate, and score
applications received in response to this Notice based on the
provisions found in 7 CFR part 4280, subpart A, and as indicated in
this Notice. However, the Agency advises all interested parties that
the applicant bears the burden in preparing and submitting an
application in response to this Notice whether or not funding is
appropriated for these programs in FY 2015.

II. Award Information

Type of Awards: Loans and Grants.
 Fiscal Year Funds: FY 2015.
 Available Funds: Loans: $38.6 million; Grants: $9.2 million.
 Maximum Award: The Agency anticipates the following maximum amounts
per award: Loans--$1,000,000; Grants--$300,000.
 Application Dates: The last business day of each month to be
considered for funding in the following month in FY 2015.
 Award Dates: The last business day of the month following the month
in which application was received. Applications will be received
monthly.

III. Eligibility Information

A. Eligible Applicants

Loans and grants may be made to any entity that is identified by
USDA Rural Development as an eligible borrower under the Rural
Electrification Act of 1936, as amended (Act). In accordance with 7 CFR
4280.13, applicants that are not delinquent on any Federal debt or
otherwise disqualified from participation in these programs are
eligible to apply. An applicant must be eligible under 7 U.S.C. 940c.
Notwithstanding any other provision of law, any former Rural Utilities
Service borrower that has repaid or prepaid an insured, direct or
guaranteed loan under the Act, or any not-for-profit utility that is
eligible to receive an insured or direct loan under such Act shall be
eligible for assistance under section 313(b)(2)(B) of such Act in the
same manner as a borrower under such Act. All other restrictions in
this Notice will apply.

B. Cost Sharing or Matching

For loans, either the Ultimate Recipient or the Intermediary must
provide supplemental funds for the project equal to at least 20 percent
of the loan to the Intermediary. For grants, the Intermediary must
establish a Revolving Loan Fund and contribute an amount equal to at
least 20 percent of the Grant. The supplemental contribution must come
from Intermediary's funds which may not be from other Federal Grants,
unless permitted by law.

C. Other Eligibility Requirements

Applications will only be accepted for projects that promote rural
economic development and job creation.

D. Completeness Eligibility

Applications will not be considered for funding if they do not
provide sufficient information to determine eligibility or are missing
required elements.

IV. Fiscal Year 2015 Application and Submission Information:

A. Address To Request Application Package

For further information, entities wishing to apply for assistance
should contact the Rural Development State Office identified in this
Notice to obtain copies of the application package.
 Applicants are encouraged to submit grant applications through the
Grants.gov Web site at: http://www.grants.gov. Grant applications may
be submitted in either electronic or paper format. Loan applications
must be submitted via paper to the State Office. Applications may not
be submitted by electronic mail.
 When you enter the Grants.gov Web site, you will find
information about submitting an application electronically through the
site, as well as the hours of operation. USDA Rural Development
strongly recommends that you do not wait until the application deadline
date to begin the application process through Grants.gov. To use
Grants.gov, applicants must have a Dun and Bradstreet Data Universal
Numbering System (DUNS) number which can be obtained at no cost via a
toll-free request line at 1-866-705-5711 or at http://fedgov.dnb.com/webform.
 You may submit all documents electronically through the
Web site, including all information typically included on the
application for REDLGs and all necessary assurances and certifications.
 After electronically submitting an application through the
Web site, the applicant will receive an automatic acknowledgement from
Grants.gov that contains a Grants.gov tracking number.
 USDA Rural Development may request that the applicant
provide original signatures on forms at a later date.
 If applicants experience technical difficulties on the
closing date and are unable to meet the deadline, you may submit a
paper copy of your application to your respective Rural Development
State Office. Paper applications submitted to a Rural Development State
Office must meet the closing date and local time deadline.
 Please note that applicants must locate the downloadable
application package for this program by the Catalog of Federal Domestic
Assistance Number or FedGrants Funding Opportunity Number, which can be
found at http://www.grants.gov.

B. Content and Form of Submission

An application must contain all of the required elements. Each
selection priority criterion outlined in 7 CFR 4280.42(b) must be
addressed in the application. Failure to address any of the criteria
will result in a zero-point score for that criterion and will impact
the overall evaluation of the application. Copies of 7 CFR part 4280,
subpart A, will be provided to any interested applicant making a
request to a Rural Development State Office. An original copy of the
application must be filed with the Rural Development State Office for
the State where the Intermediary is located.

C. Submission Dates and Times

Application Dates: No later than 4:30 p.m. (local time) on the last
business day of each month to be considered for funding in the
following month.
 Explanation of Dates: Applications must be in the USDA Rural
Development State Office by the dates as indicated above.

V. Application Review Information

A. Criteria

All eligible and complete applications will be evaluated and scored
based on the selection criteria and weights

[[Page 12797]]

contained in 7 CFR part 4280, subpart A. Failure to address any one of
the criteria by the application deadline will result in the application
being determined ineligible, and the application will not be considered
for funding.
 Rural Development is encouraging applications for projects that
will support rural areas where according to the American Community
Survey data by census tracts show at least 20 percent of the population
is living in rural poverty. This emphasis will support Rural
Development's mission of improving the quality of life for Rural
Americans and commitment to directing resources to those who most need
them.

B. Review and Selection Process

The State Offices will review applications to determine if they are
eligible for assistance based on requirements contained in 7 CFR part
4280, subpart A. If determined eligible, your application will be
submitted to the National Office. Funding of projects is subject to the
Intermediary's satisfactory submission of the additional items required
by that subpart and the USDA Rural Development Letter of Conditions.

VI. Award Administration Information

A. Award Notices

Successful applicants will receive notification for funding from
the Rural Development State Office. Applicants must comply with all
applicable statutes and regulations before the loan/grant award can be
approved. Provided the application and eligibility requirements have
not changed, an application not selected will be reconsidered in three
subsequent funding competitions for a total of four competitions. If an
application is withdrawn, it can be resubmitted and will be evaluated
as a new application.

B. Administrative and National Policy Requirements

Additional requirements that apply to Intermediary's selected for
this program can be found in 7 CFR part 4280, subpart A. The U.S.
Department of Agriculture and the Agency are adopting the new U.S.
Department of Agriculture grant regulation at 2 CFR chapter IV. This
regulation incorporates the new Office of Management and Budget (OMB)
regulations 2 CFR 200 and 2 CFR 400.1 to 400.18 for monitoring and
servicing REDLG funding.

C. Reporting

In addition to any reports required by 2 CFR 200 and 2 CFR 400.1 to
400.18, the Intermediary must provide reports as required by 7 CFR part
4280, subpart A.

VII. Agency Contacts

For general questions about this announcement, please contact your
USDA Rural Development State Office provided in the ADDRESSES section
of this Notice.

VIII. Paperwork Reduction Act

In accordance with the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995, the
information collection requirement contained in this Notice is approved
by OMB under OMB Control Number 0570-0024.

IX. National Environmental Policy Act

This Notice has been reviewed in accordance with 7 CFR part 1940,
subpart G, ``Environmental Program.'' Rural Development has determined
that the Environmental Impact Statement is not required because the
issuance of regulations and instructions, as well as amendments to
them, describing administrative and financial procedures for
processing, approving, and implementing the Agency's financial programs
is categorically excluded in the Agency's National Environmental Policy
Act (NEPA) regulation found at 7 CFR part 1940.310(e)(3) of Subpart G,
Environmental Program. Thus, in accordance with the NEPA of 1969 (42
U.S.C. 4321-4347), Rural Development has determined that this notice
does not constitute a major Federal action significantly affecting the
quality of the human environment; however, Rural Development will
conduct individual NEPA analyses on a project-by-project basis whenever
warranted.

X. Federal Funding Accountability and Transparency Act

All applicants, in accordance with 2 CFR part 25, must have a DUNS
number, which can be obtained at no cost via a toll-free request line
at 1-866-705-5711 or online at http://fedgov.dnb.com/webform.
Similarly, all grant applicants must be registered in the System for
Award Management (SAM) prior to submitting an application. Applicants
may register for the SAM at http://www.sam.gov. All recipients of
Federal financial grant assistance are required to report information
about first-tier sub-awards and executive total compensation in
accordance with 2 CFR part 170.

XI. Nondiscrimination Statement

The U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA) prohibits discrimination
against its customers, employees, and applicants for employment on the
bases of race, color, national origin, age, disability, sex, gender
identity, religion, reprisal, and where applicable, political beliefs,
marital status, familial or parental status, sexual orientation, or all
or part of an individual's income is derived from any public assistance
program, or protected genetic information in employment or in any
program or activity conducted or funded by the Department. (Not all
prohibited bases will apply to all programs and/or employment
activities.)
 If you wish to file a Civil Rights program complaint of
discrimination, complete the USDA Program Discrimination Complaint Form
(PDF), found online at http://www.ascr.usda.gov/complaint_filing_cust.html, or
at any USDA office, or call (866) 632-
9992 to request the form. You may also write a letter containing all of
the information requested in the form. Send your completed complaint
form or letter to us by mail at U.S. Department of Agriculture,
Director, Office of Adjudication, 1400 Independence Avenue SW.,
Washington, DC 20250-9410, by fax (202) 690-7442 or email at
program.intake@usda.gov
 Individuals who are deaf, hard of hearing, or have speech
disabilities and wish to file either an EEO or program complaint may
contact USDA through the Federal Relay Service at (800) 877-8339 or
(800) 845-6136 (in Spanish).
 Persons with disabilities, who wish to file a program complaint,
please see information above on how to contact us by mail directly or
by email. If you require alternative means of communication for program
information (e.g., Braille, large print, audiotape, etc.) please
contact USDA's TARGET Center at (202) 720-2600 (voice and TDD).

Dated: February 27, 2015.
Lillian E. Salerno,
Administrator, Rural Business--Cooperative Service.
[FR Doc. 2015-05525 Filed 3-10-15; 8:45 am]
 BILLING CODE 3410-XY-P


In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: March 11, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             230 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            March 11, 2015 Wednesday

Arizona: Funding Availability: Rural Economic Development Loan and Grant
Programs

LENGTH: 2635  words

DATELINE: Phoenix


Department of The Treasury has issued the following news release:

This Notice is to invite applications for loans and grants under the Rural
Economic Development Loan and Grant (REDLG) programs pursuant to 7 CFR part
4280, subpart A for fiscal year (FY) 2015. Funding to support $38.6 million in
loans and $9.2 million in grants is currently available. The commitment of
program dollars will be made to applicants of selected responses that have
fulfilled the necessary requirements for obligation.

All applicants are responsible for any expenses incurred in developing their
applications.
Dates

Application Deadline: Completed applications must be received in the United
States Department of Agriculture (USDA) Rural Development State Office no later
than 4:30 p.m. (local time) on the last business day of each month to be
considered for funding in the following month in FY 2015.
Addresses

Submit applications in paper format to the USDA Rural Development State Office
for the State where the project is located. A list of the USDA Rural Development
State Office contacts can be found at:
http://www.rurdev.usda.gov/StateOfficeAddresses.html.
For Further Information Contact

Kristi Kubista-Hovis at (202) 815-1589, Kristi.Kubista-Hovis@wdc.usda.gov, and
Cindy Mason at (202) 690-1433, Cindy.Mason@wdc.usda.gov Please contact the USDA
Rural Development State Office in the State in which the project will be
located.
Overview

Solicitation Opportunity Type: Rural Economic Development Loans and Grants.

Announcement Type: Initial Announcement.

Catalog of Federal Domestic Assistance Number: 10.854.

Dates: Application Deadline: Completed applications must be received in the USDA
Rural Development State Office no later than 4:30 p.m. (local time) on the last
business day of each month to be considered for funding in the following month
in FY 2015.
I. Funding Opportunity Description

A. Purpose of the Program. The purpose of the program is to promote rural
economic development and job creation projects.

B. Statutory Authority. These programs are authorized under 7 U.S.C. 940c and 7
CFR part 4280, subpart A. Assistance provided to rural areas, as defined, under
this program may include business startup costs, business expansion, business
incubators, technical assistance feasibility studies, advanced
telecommunications services and computer networks for medical, educational, and
job training services, and community facilities projects for economic
development. Awards are made on a competitive basis using specific selection
criteria contained in 7 CFR part 4280, subpart A. Information required to be in
the application includes an SF-424, "Application for Federal Assistance;" a
Resolution of the Board of Directors; AD-1047, "Debarment/Suspension
Certification;" Assurance Statement for the Uniform Act; Restrictions on
Lobbying, AD-1049, "Certification Regarding Drug-Free Workplace Requirements;"
FormRD 400-1, "Equal Opportunity Agreement;" Form RD 400-4, "Assurance
Agreement;" Seismic Certification (if construction); paperwork required in
accordance with 7 CFR 1940, subpart G, "Environmental Program." If the proposal
involves new construction; large increases in employment; hazardous waste; a
change in use, size, capacity, purpose or location from an original facility; or
is publicly controversial, the following is required: Form RD 1940-20, "Request
for Environmental Information;" RUS Form 7, "Financial and Statistical Report;"
and RUS Form 7a, "Investments, Loan Guarantees, and Loans," or similar
information; and written narrative of project description. Applications will be
tentatively scored by the State Offices and submitted to the National Office for
review.

C. Definition of Terms. The definitions applicable to this Notice are published
at 7 CFR 4280.3.

D. Application Awards. The Agency will review, evaluate, and score applications
received in response to this Notice based on the provisions found in 7 CFR part
4280, subpart A, and as indicated in this Notice. However, the Agency advises
all interested parties that the applicant bears the burden in preparing and
submitting an application in response to this Notice whether or not funding is
appropriated for these programs in FY 2015.
II. Award Information

Type of Awards: Loans and Grants.

Fiscal Year Funds: FY 2015.

Available Funds: Loans: $38.6 million; Grants: $9.2 million.

Maximum Award: The Agency anticipates the following maximum amounts per award:
Loans--$1,000,000; Grants--$300,000.

Application Dates: The last business day of each month to be considered for
funding in the following month in FY 2015.

Award Dates: The last business day of the month following the month in which
application was received. Applications will be received monthly.
III. Eligibility Information
A. Eligible Applicants

Loans and grants may be made to any entity that is identified by USDA Rural
Development as an eligible borrower under the Rural Electrification Act of 1936,
as amended (Act). In accordance with 7 CFR 4280.13, applicants that are not
delinquent on any Federal debt or otherwise disqualified from participation in
these programs are eligible to apply. An applicant must be eligible under 7
U.S.C. 940c. Notwithstanding any other provision of law, any former Rural
Utilities Service borrower that has repaid or prepaid an insured, direct or
guaranteed loan under the Act, or any not-for-profit utility that is eligible to
receive an insured or direct loan under such Act shall be eligible for
assistance under section 313(b)(2)(B) of such Act in the same manner as a
borrower under such Act. All other restrictions in this Notice will apply.
B. Cost Sharing or Matching

For loans, either the Ultimate Recipient or the Intermediary must provide
supplemental funds for the project equal to at least 20 percent of the loan to
the Intermediary. For grants, the Intermediary must establish a Revolving Loan
Fund and contribute an amount equal to at least 20 percent of the Grant. The
supplemental contribution must come from Intermediary's funds which may not be
from other Federal Grants, unless permitted by law.
C. Other Eligibility Requirements

Applications will only be accepted for projects that promote rural economic
development and job creation.
D. Completeness Eligibility

Applications will not be considered for funding if they do not provide
sufficient information to determine eligibility or are missing required
elements.
IV. Fiscal Year 2015 Application and Submission Information:
A. Address To Request Application Package

For further information, entities wishing to apply for assistance should contact
the Rural Development State Office identified in this Notice to obtain copies of
the application package.

Applicants are encouraged to submit grant applications through the Grants.gov
Web site at: http://www.grants.gov. Grant applications may be submitted in
either electronic or paper format. Loan applications must be submitted via paper
to the State Office. Applications may not be submitted by electronic mail.

When you enter the Grants.gov Web site, you will find information about
submitting an application electronically through the site, as well as the hours
of operation. USDA Rural Development strongly recommends that you do not wait
until the application deadline date to begin the application process through
Grants.gov. To use Grants.gov, applicants must have a Dun and Bradstreet Data
Universal Numbering System (DUNS) number which can be obtained at no cost via a
toll-free request line at 1-866-705-5711 or at http://fedgov.dnb.com/webform.
    You may submit all documents electronically through the Web site, including
all information typically included on the application for REDLGs and all
necessary assurances and certifications.
    After electronically submitting an application through the Web site, the
applicant will receive an automatic acknowledgement from Grants.gov that
contains a Grants.gov tracking number.
    USDA Rural Development may request that the applicant provide original
signatures on forms at a later date.
    If applicants experience technical difficulties on the closing date and are
unable to meet the deadline, you may submit a paper copy of your application to
your respective Rural Development State Office. Paper applications submitted to
a Rural Development State Office must meet the closing date and local time
deadline.
    Please note that applicants must locate the downloadable application package
for this program by the Catalog of Federal Domestic Assistance Number or
FedGrants Funding Opportunity Number, which can be found at http://www.grants.
gov.

B. Content and Form of Submission

An application must contain all of the required elements. Each selection
priority criterion outlined in 7 CFR 4280.42(b) must be addressed in the
application. Failure to address any of the criteria will result in a zero-point
score for that criterion and will impact the overall evaluation of the
application. Copies of 7 CFR part 4280, subpart A, will be provided to any
interested applicant making a request to a Rural Development State Office. An
original copy of the application must be filed with the Rural Development State
Office for the State where the Intermediary is located.
C. Submission Dates and Times

Application Dates: No later than 4:30 p.m. (local time) on the last business day
of each month to be considered for funding in the following month.

Explanation of Dates: Applications must be in the USDA Rural Development State
Office by the dates as indicated above.
V. Application Review Information
A. Criteria

All eligible and complete applications will be evaluated and scored based on the
selection criteria and weightscontained in 7 CFR part 4280, subpart A. Failure
to address any one of the criteria by the application deadline will result in
the application being determined ineligible, and the application will not be
considered for funding.

Rural Development is encouraging applications for projects that will support
rural areas where according to the American Community Survey data by census
tracts show at least 20 percent of the population is living in rural poverty.
This emphasis will support Rural Development's mission of improving the quality
of life for Rural Americans and commitment to directing resources to those who
most need them.
B. Review and Selection Process

The State Offices will review applications to determine if they are eligible for
assistance based on requirements contained in 7 CFR part 4280, subpart A. If
determined eligible, your application will be submitted to the National Office.
Funding of projects is subject to the Intermediary's satisfactory submission of
the additional items required by that subpart and the USDA Rural Development
Letter of Conditions.
VI. Award Administration Information
A. Award Notices

Successful applicants will receive notification for funding from the Rural
Development State Office. Applicants must comply with all applicable statutes
and regulations before the loan/grant award can be approved. Provided the
application and eligibility requirements have not changed, an application not
selected will be reconsidered in three subsequent funding competitions for a
total of four competitions. If an application is withdrawn, it can be
resubmitted and will be evaluated as a new application.
B. Administrative and National Policy Requirements

Additional requirements that apply to Intermediary's selected for this program
can be found in 7 CFR part 4280, subpart A. The U.S. Department of Agriculture
and the Agency are adopting the new U.S. Department of Agriculture grant
regulation at 2 CFR chapter IV. This regulation incorporates the new Office of
Management and Budget (OMB) regulations 2 CFR 200 and 2 CFR 400.1 to 400.18 for
monitoring and servicing REDLG funding.
C. Reporting

In addition to any reports required by 2 CFR 200 and 2 CFR 400.1 to 400.18, the
Intermediary must provide reports as required by 7 CFR part 4280, subpart A.
VII. Agency Contacts

For general questions about this announcement, please contact your USDA Rural
Development State Office provided in theADDRESSESsection of this Notice.
VIII. Paperwork Reduction Act

In accordance with the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995, the information
collection requirement contained in this Notice is approved by OMB under OMB
Control Number 0570-0024.
IX. National Environmental Policy Act

This Notice has been reviewed in accordance with 7 CFR part 1940, subpart G,
"Environmental Program." Rural Development has determined that the Environmental
Impact Statement is not required because the issuance of regulations and
instructions, as well as amendments to them, describing administrative and
financial procedures for processing, approving, and implementing the Agency's
financial programs is categorically excluded in the Agency's National
Environmental Policy Act (NEPA) regulation found at 7 CFR part 1940.310(e)(3) of
Subpart G, Environmental Program. Thus, in accordance with the NEPA of 1969 (42
U.S.C. 4321-4347), Rural Development has determined that this notice does not
constitute a major Federal action significantly affecting the quality of the
human environment; however, Rural Development will conduct individual NEPA
analyses on a project-by-project basis whenever warranted.
X. Federal Funding Accountability and Transparency Act

All applicants, in accordance with 2 CFR part 25, must have a DUNS number, which
can be obtained at no cost via a toll-free request line at 1-866-705-5711 or
online at http://fedgov.dnb.com/webform. Similarly, all grant applicants must be
registered in the System for Award Management (SAM) prior to submitting an
application. Applicants may register for the SAM at http://www.sam.gov. All
recipients of Federal financial grant assistance are required to report
information about first-tier sub-awards and executive total compensation in
accordance with 2 CFR part 170.
XI. Nondiscrimination Statement

The U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA) prohibits discrimination against its
customers, employees, and applicants for employment on the bases of race, color,
national origin, age, disability, sex, gender identity, religion, reprisal, and
where applicable, political beliefs, marital status, familial or parental
status, sexual orientation, or all or part of an individual's income is derived
from any public assistance program, or protected genetic information in
employment or in any program or activity conducted or funded by the Department.
(Not all prohibited bases will apply to all programs and/or employment
activities.)

If you wish to file a Civil Rights program complaint of discrimination, complete
the USDA Program Discrimination Complaint Form (PDF), found online at
http://www.ascr.usda.gov/complaint_filing_cust.html, or at any USDA office, or
call (866) 632-9992 to request the form. You may also write a letter containing
all of the information requested in the form. Send your completed complaint form
or letter to us by mail at U.S. Department of Agriculture, Director, Office of
Adjudication, 1400 Independence Avenue SW., Washington, DC 20250-9410, by fax
(202) 690-7442 or email at program.intake@usda.gov

Individuals who are deaf, hard of hearing, or have speech disabilities and wish
to file either an EEO or program complaint may contact USDA through the Federal
Relay Service at (800) 877-8339 or (800) 845-6136 (in Spanish).

Persons with disabilities, who wish to file a program complaint, please see
information above on how to contact us by mail directly or by email. If you
require alternative means of communication for program information (e.g.,
Braille, large print, audiotape, etc.) please contact USDA's TARGET Center at
(202) 720-2600 (voice and TDD).

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: March 12, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             231 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           September 11, 2015 Friday

Washington: Senator Merkley Announces USDA Grant to Spur Local Crowdfunding
Investment in Eastern Oregon Small Businesses

LENGTH: 701 words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Washington: Office of the Senator Jeff Merkley has issued the following news
release:



 U.S. Senator Jeff Merkley today announced the award of a $49,275 USDA grant to
the nonprofit Hatch Innovation, Inc. to connect rural small businesses with
local people who want to invest in them through Oregon's newly launched
crowdfunding investment process.





 Crowdfunding is a new, innovative method of financing for small businesses in
which a business can raise capital from many different small-dollar investors,
often in their local community, who in turn each get to own shares in the
business and receive a return on their investment if the business does well.



 Hatch Innovation is working with the Northeast Oregon Economic Development
District on the project to support a &ldquo;grow your own&rdquo; business
development and fundraising climate that improves entrepreneurs' access to
capital, allows ordinary residents to invest in local businesses and,
ultimately, creates and saves jobs in the region.



 Merkley has been a leader in working to authorize crowdfunding at the national
level, passing the bipartisan CROWDFUND Act through Congress in 2012. Since
then, however, the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) has stalled on
finalizing the legislation's rules to create a national crowdfunding market, and
Oregon has moved to fill the void by creating its own state-based marketplace
for Oregonians to invest in Oregon businesses.



 In January 2015, Oregon created new rules creating a pathway for registered
Oregon small businesses and startups to raise crowdfunding capital up to
$250,000 directly from anyone who lives in Oregon. Unlike existing crowdfunding
platforms such as Kickstarter, this crowdfunding investment model would allow
community members to become actual small-dollar investors in a business, each
owning a small piece of it.



     &ldquo;Crowdfunding is an innovative tool for local communities to help
their homegrown small businesses get off the ground or expand, and this grant
will help Eastern Oregon communities kickstart small business growth,&rdquo;
said Merkley. &ldquo;Crowdfunding has tremendous potential to help drive our
small business economy, and Oregon - as it so often does - is leading the way.
But crowdfunding will never realize its full potential to boost our small
businesses without a national system that isn't limited by state lines. It's
been more than three years since the CROWDFUND Act was passed, and it is totally
unacceptable that the SEC has failed to finalize the national crowdfunding rules
that Congress envisioned.&rdquo;



 With today's grant, Hatch Innovation's educational &ldquo;InvestOR Ready
Accelerator program&rdquo; will directly assist small, emerging and growing
rural businesses in Baker, Wallowa and Union counties, while also training local
economic development professionals to learn how to offer this program in the
future. This will be the first time local technical assistance has been made
available to help Northeast Oregon businesses learn the rules, file
comprehensive disclosure documents, develop marketing outreach materials, and
complete the financial prospectuses required to put forth a community public
offering.



 In addition, Hatch Innovation will deliver workshops to educate potential
investors on the community public offering process and build their capacity to
make sound investment decisions.



 The grant is provided through the Rural Business Development Grant (RBDG)
Program administered by U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA) Rural Development
to support the development and expansion of private businesses and job creation
in rural communities. Funding is contingent upon the recipient meeting the terms
of the grant agreement.



 Congress established the RBDG Program under the 2014 Farm Bill. The new program
combines USDA's former Rural Business Enterprise Grant (RBEG) and Rural Business
Opportunity Grant (RBOG) programs. Like its predecessors, the new program is
designed to assist with the startup or expansion of small and emerging private
businesses in rural communities.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: September 12, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             232 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                   Turtle Mountain Star (Rolla, North Dakota)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                               September 13, 2010

Local entity gets grant: to provide assistance to area businesses

BYLINE: Turtle Mountain Star staff

LENGTH: 280  words


USDA Rural Development Under Secretary Dallas Tonsager announced that 45 states,
the Western Pacific region and the commonwealth of Puerto Rico will benefit from
funding made available under the Rural Business Enterprise Grant program (RBEG).

"The funding announced today represents the Obama Administration's ongoing
efforts to create economic and job opportunities in rural areas by ensuring that
strategic investments are made in our small towns and cities, " Tonsager said "
Rural businesses drive community revitalization by providing products and
services to local residents as well as throughout the country and world.
Projects like these spur important economic development and strengthen
communities across the nation."

The RBEG program helps to finance and facilitate the development of new and
existing businesses in

rural America. Funds can be used for start-up and working capital loans,
building and plant renovations, transportation improvements, project planning
and other business needs.

More information about this program is available at
http://www.rur-dev.usda.gov/BCP_rbeg.html

Funding is contingent upon the recipient meeting the conditions of the grant
agreement, and is not provided through the American Recovery and Reinvestment
Act. The following local organization has been selected to receive an RBEG
grant. A total of 61 awards were announced. ,

Turtle Mountain Community Development Financial Institution, Inc. received a
$99, 991 grant to provide technical assistance to entrepreneurs to start up new
businesses or expand existing businesses on the Turtle Mountain Indian
Reservation in an effort to establish a reservation-based economy and create 21
jobs.

LOAD-DATE: June 18, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Small Town Business

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: TUR

                      Copyright 2010 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                      Copyright 2010 Turtle Mountain Star


                             233 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Ruidoso News (New Mexico)

                              May 8, 2014 Thursday

USDA offers loan and loan guarantee programs to rural communities

BYLINE: By Kelly Brooks kbrooks@ruidosonews.com

SECTION: BUSINESS

LENGTH: 460 words


Terry Brunner, state director of the U.S. Department of Agriculture/Rural
Development, spoke to a small gathering of community members about programs the
USDA has available to offer rural communities and small businesses. The meeting
was held at the Sanctuary on River Wednesday.

Brunner told guests that his department offers three program areas that many
state residents are not aware of.

"Our main programs are housing, business and economic development and
utilities," Brunner said. "A lot of people don't know that we finance 90 to 100
home loans a year and we offer home loan guarantees with a $180,000 loan limit.
We guarantee 80 percent of the loan. Local lenders should be thinking about it.
We absorb 80 percent of the risk."

Brunner also spoke about a home repair program for seniors with a $75,000
borrowing limit and repair programs for low income families   up to $20,000 with
a one percent interest rate.

Brunner said those areas served by the USDA are more diversified than most
people realize.

"Forty percent of the USDA's money goes to fire prevention, 15 percent to rental
assistance and the rest to farm, loans and nutrition," he said.

The USDA also offers loans to rural co-ops and can help with broadband projects
and public utilities. Brunner said they also help fund distance learning
programs, water projects, sewer pipes, loan and grant programs.

Brunner gave a brief overview of business and economic development programs that
could be of help to small businesses.

"We have a loan guarantee program for rural businesses where we guarantee loans
from $400,000 up to $4 million," Brunner said. "We have re-lending programs,
offer funding for technical assistance and help businesses get access to credit
they wouldn't be able to access otherwise."

Grants for energy-efficient updates are available through USDA as well as
value-added producer grant money up to $300,000   a possibility for those
cultivating, raising and converting something into a product.

Community organizations, non profits and infrastructure studies grants are also
available. Bio fuels programs that include loans and loan guarantees,
farming,technical training and cooperative development grants also fall under
the USDA umbrella. In addition, the USDA provides assistance in providing meals
to school children, like the summer meals program in Lincoln County.

"It's pretty open," Brunner said. "If you have a project idea, call us up and we
will try to help you out. We'll even try to find another agency or service that
can help you if we can't. We've given out more than $1.52 billion over the last
two years."

To learn more about the programs the USDA has to offer visit their website at
www.rurdev.usda.gov .

Reporter Kelly Brooks can be reached at (575) 257-4001 ext. 4114.

LOAD-DATE: May 8, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: State Director of the US Department of Agriculture/Rural Development
Terry Brunner spoke to a small gathering of community members Wednesday at the
Sanctuary on the River. Brunner talked about the diversified array of loan, loan
guarantee and grant programs available to rural communities through the USDA.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2014 Ruidoso News, a MediaNews Group Newspaper
                              All Rights Reserved


                             234 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The Journal (Newcastle, UK)

                            March 25, 2017 Saturday
                                   Edition 1;
                                National Edition

Rural Growth Programme presents huge opportunity for landowners

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 38

LENGTH: 397 words


RURAL enterprises across the region are being urged to check their eligibility
for rural grants and projects that will add value to their business.

Farmers, foresters, woodland owners and other landowners could apply for a
Growth Programme grant if their business creates jobs or brings money into the
rural economy.

The grants are designed to help rural SME businesses grow and increase levels of
employment across the region.

So many do not could be to several There are three main business areas covered -
business development funding for small enterprises such as farm businesses who
want to diversify into non-agricultural activity.

rural Grants Food processing grants for the productions of agricultural and
horticultural goods and rural tourism infrastructure that can provide financial
support for profit and non-profit projects.

David Hume, farm business consultant for land, property and business consultancy
George F. White, said: "So many landowners do not realise that they could be
applicable to several different rural grants which will help support their
diversification objectives.

"Such grants can help pay for constructing or improving buildings, for example,
or buying new equipment or machinery.

"It's definitely worth applying for grant funding as normally the minimum grant
pay-out is £35,000, and the Government is heavily supporting rural businesses
who are creating employment opportunities and strengthening the rural economy."

"  The grant rate is a maximum of 40% of total project costslandowners they
applicable (up to 100% for non-profit making projects) and works on the basis of
paying £30,000 of grant money per full-time employee (FTE) created.

different DAVID HUME Hume added: "It really is worth seeking expert advice to
see whether a project is eligible and how best to put together a strong
application as the process is competitive which means they won't just be awarded
automatically to an applicant.

"The Rural Payments Agency (RPA) will assess all expressions of interest to see
which best meet the criteria before inviting applicants to complete a full
application."

If you would like more details on how rural growth programme grants might be
applicable to you and your business, contact David Hume on
davidhume@georgefwhite.co.uk or 01665 511986.

So many landowners do not realise they could be applicable to several different
rural grants David Hume

LOAD-DATE: March 25, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: David Hume, consultant at George F. White

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: TJN


               Copyright 2017 Newcastle Chronicle & Journal Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             235 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             June 20, 2013 Thursday

Utah: Rural Business Opportunity Grant (RBOG)

LENGTH: 275  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Sponsor  USDA Rural Development
Deadlines  Jun 28, 2013
Contact

Contact the nearest Rural Development Office with questions.
Purpose

The primary objective of the program is to improve the economic conditions of
rural areas. Assistance provided to rural areas under this program includes the
following:

Rural business incubators
    Technology-based economic development
    Feasibility studies and business plans
    Long-term business strategic planning
    Leadership and entrepreneur training

Applications that will support regional economic development are encouraged.
Eligibility

Grants may be made to public bodies, nonprofit corporations, institutions of
higher education, Indian tribes on Federal or State reservations and other
Federally recognized tribal groups, and cooperatives with members that are
primarily rural residents.
Geographic
coverage  Nationwide
Amount of
funding

Expected Number of Awards: 35
Estimated Total Program Funding: $2,370,000
Award Ceiling: $50,000
Application
process

Applications may be submitted either in paper format, or electronically through
grants.gov.

Applications submitted in paper format have a deadline of June 28, 2013.
Applications submitted electronically have a deadline of June 24, 2013.

Links to necessary paper application materials can be found on the program
website.

Links to the full announcement and electronic application process are available
through grants.gov.
Tagged as  Capital funding, Community development, Economic development,
Technology

For further information please visit: http://www.raconline.org/.

LOAD-DATE: June 20, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             236 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Las Cruces Sun-News (New Mexico)

                          November 16, 2011 Wednesday

NM in line for USDA development loans (3:49 a.m.)

BYLINE: By The Asociated Press

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 520 words


Business organizations in 22 states and the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico will
receive support.

"A strong rural America and a strong agricultural industry go hand in hand,"
said Vilsack. "These investments will bring increased economic opportunity to
rural residents and communities. They will help organizations expand job and
economic opportunities in rural communities across the nation."

The announcement was made on the Secretary's behalf by Deputy Under Secretary
for Rural Development Doug O'Brien during a trip to Ames, Iowa to address the
Rural Young Entrepreneur Summit (YES).The funding being provided through the
Rural Microentrepreneur Assistance Program (RMAP). Recipients are development
organizations that make loans to microenterprises and microentreprenuers and
provide business-based training and technical assistance to rural
micro-borrowers.

For example, in New Mexico, both the New Mexico Community Development Loan Fund,
Inc. and the Women's Economic Self-Sufficiency Team Corp. (WESST) were included
in the Secretary's announcement.

"Now more than ever, New Mexico's small businesses need access to credit," said
USDA Rural Development State Director Terry Brunner. He added, "We are pleased
to partner with the NM Community Development Loan fund and WESST to help finance
small businesses around New Mexico that need help with their start up or
expansion."

Both organizations will create rural microloan revolving fund program that will
make loans and provide technical assistance to rural business-owners and
microenterprises in various rural counties in New Mexico.

Funding for each project is contingent upon the recipient meeting the terms of
the loan and grant agreement.

Since taking office, President Obama's Administration has taken historic steps
to improve the lives of rural Americans, put people back to work and build
thriving economies in rural communities. From proposing the American Jobs Act to
establishing the first-ever White House Rural Council chaired by Agriculture
Secretary Tom Vilsack the President wants the federal government to be the best
possible partner for rural businesses and entrepreneurs creating job
opportunities and for people who want to live, work, and raise their families in
rural communities.

USDA, through its Rural Development mission area, administers and manages
housing, business and community infrastructure and facility programs through a
national network of state and local offices. Rural Development has an existing
portfolio of more than $155 billion in loans and loan guarantees. These programs
are designed to improve the economic stability of rural communities, businesses,
residents, farmers and ranchers and improve the quality of life in rural
America.

NEW MEXICO

New Mexico Community Development Loan Fund, Inc.: $500,000 loan; $105,000 grant
to capitalize a rural microloan revolving fund to make loans to rural
microentreprenuers and microenterprises

Women's Economic Self-Sufficiency Team Corp. (WESST): $400,000 loan; $100,000
grant to capitalize a rural microloan revolving fund to make loans to rural
microentreprenuers and microenterprises

LOAD-DATE: November 16, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


        Copyright 2011 Las Cruces Sun-News, a MediaNews Group Newspaper
                              All Rights Reserved


                             237 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            Daily Post (North Wales)

                             January 3, 2014 Friday
                                   Edition 1;
                                National Edition

Beautiful start for salon firm

BYLINE: OWEN HUGHES

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 26

LENGTH: 312 words


A BEAUTY therapist has been able to give a stylish make-over to her business
thanks to a timely grant from Conwy Rural Business Support.

After spending a decade as senior therapist at a leading North Wales spa hotel,
28-year-old Haf Roberts then made her dream to run her own salon come true by
opening Beauty Bliss in Station Road last year.

That was backed by Conwy Rural Business Support and now she has received further
training backing to keep up to date with all the latest beauty techniques.

Haf recently applied for a Tailored Training Grant from Conwy Rural Business
Support, the organisation which works within Conwy Council's Rural Development
Plan to sponsor entrepreneurship and businesses in the area.

The grant, which provides up to £1,000 for established enterprises to acquire
vital training to boost their business potential, is part funded through the
Rural Development Plan which is financed by the EU and the Welsh Government.

It has already covered the cost of a special training course for Haf.

It could provide more cash for her if she opts for training in any further new
advances she wishes to introduce at her busy salon.

She said: "I heard that there were grants available from Conwy Rural Business
Support to help small businesses such as mine with initial set-up costs.

"I successfully applied for one of these and it helped me to get Beauty Bliss
open last May.

"Although the salon was already doing very well - I have appointments booked
well into the new year - this new skill I have gained is very important as it
helps to keep my business up with all the latest trends.

"I'm very grateful to Conwy Rural Business Support for arranging for me to be
given the grant, which has certainly helped me a lot."

." ? For more on the grant contact Anna Openshaw or Hedd Williams at rural
.training@conwy.gov.uk or ringing 01492 577835

owen.hughes@dailypost.co.uk

LOAD-DATE: January 3, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Anna Openshaw from CRBS with Haf Roberts, manager at Beauty Bliss Pic:
MANDY JONES

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: DPW


                       Copyright 2014 Trinity Mirror plc
                              All Rights Reserved


                             238 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               Carmarthen Journal

                                August 24, 2011
                                   Edition 1;
                                National Edition

Grant help for small firms

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 8

LENGTH: 208 words


A NEW grant for small businesses to convert redundant rural buildings in the
Carmarthen area to business use has been announced.

The Redundant Rural Buildings Grant, part of the Rural Development Plan (RDP)
for Wales 2007-2013, will provide assistance to businesses of less than 10
full-time staff for the conversion of buildings where either new jobs are
created or existing jobs are safeguarded.

The Rural Development Plan (RDP) for Wales 2007-2013 is funded by the Welsh
Government and the European Agricultural Fund for Rural Development. Wards The
grant, for businesses that have a turnover and balance sheet of less than 2
million Euros and employs less than 10 people full-time, is not available for
projects which convert redundant buildings to residential, agricultural,
horticultural or tourism uses.

The grants are only available for projects in certain wards in the county.

Local areas available for grants include: Abergwili, Llanegwad, Carmarthen Town
North, Carmarthen Town South, Carmarthen Town West, Llangunnor, Cynwyl Elfed,
Llangyndeyrn, Llansteffan, and Trelech.

?For further details on the grant, contact Nerys Jones, RDP Officer, on 01267
242319. To find out about the variety of grants available through RDP visit
www.wwec.org.uk

LOAD-DATE: August 24, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: CRJ


                       Copyright 2011 Carmarthen Journal
                              All Rights Reserved


                             239 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                         Telegraph Herald (Dubuque, IA)

                          September 24, 2003 Wednesday

Money available for agricultural entrepreneurs; Farmers are taken on a guided
tour of grants, loans and expertise

BYLINE: mailto:jeverly@wcinet.comJOHN EVERLY

SECTION: Pg. a3

LENGTH: 560 words

DATELINE: CASCADE, Iowa


Help is out there for agricultural entrepreneurs willing to take the risk.

A panel of local economic development specialists took farmers on a guided tour
Tuesday of available grants, low interest loans, technical and business
expertise for value-added agricultural enterprises. Farmers and others
interested in value-added agriculture were invited to a meeting in Cascade to
learn about resources available to them.

Money - in the form of local, state and federal grants and loans - is available
for good ideas, said Warren Johnson, with the Limestone Bluffs Resource
Conservation and Development Area.

"Any good, sound project should have the resources to support it if it makes
sense," Johnson said.

The idea behind the programs is to return more income to farmers and their
communities through processing or marketing of farm commodities. But such
projects are often expensive, and the loans and grants provide at least some of
the seed money.

The U.S. Department of Agriculture's Value Added Agricultural Product Market
Development Grants can be used to conduct feasibility studies, develop business
plans, develop marketing plans, or conduct other types of studies to help
establish a viable value-added business venture. The grants, up to $$ @500,000,
also can be used to establish working capital accounts to operate the venture
and pay the normal expenses associated with the operation.

Last year, the federal government approved $$ @5.6 million in grants for Iowa
value-added projects.

"We got a lot of good projects that were funded last year," said Tom Miller,
Rural Development Cooperative Specialist with the Agriculture Department. "I
anticipate it's going to be competitive, but we did pretty well because we are
usually more prepared than other states."

Miller said grant money can be used for feasibility studies, marketing plans,
business plans and legal evaluations. The funds also can be used for working
capital if a business is already established. Independent producers,
agricultural producer groups, farmer or rancher cooperatives, and
majority-controlled producer-based businesses are eligible.

The deadline to apply for the federal grants is Oct. 20.

Resources are also available through the Iowa Department of Economic Development
, Johnson said.

On a local level, Limestone Bluffs Resource Conservation and Development offers
the Rural Business Enterprise Revolving Loan Program for new or expanding
value-added agricultural small businesses in Dubuque, Jackson, Delaware, Jones,
Cedar, and Clinton counties.

Maquoketa Valley Rural Electric Cooperative also administers a revolving loan
fund for similar projects. Patty Manual, with Maquoketa Valley, said the loans
can be used for business start-ups, equipment, property and other related
expenses, she said.

<hr>

News You Can Use

For more information on value-added agricultural resources:

* USDA Rural Development

563/886-6061

* Limestone Bluffs Resource Conservation and Development Area

563/652-5104

For more information on value-added resources, see these Web sites:

* Department of Agriculture's Value-Added Agricultural Product Market
Development Grants Program www.rurdev.usda.gov/rbs/coops/vadg.htm.

* Iowa Department of Economic Development

www.iowasmart.com/services/ entrepreneurial/vaapfap.html

LOAD-DATE: September 24, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                  Copyright 2003 Woodward Communications, Inc.


                             240 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Bangor Daily News (Maine)

                             July 4, 2007 Wednesday
                                 State Edition

Northern Maine organizations awarded USDA business grants

SECTION: Pg. B2

LENGTH: 347 words


The U.S. Department of Agriculture has awarded the town of Fort Kent and two
northern Maine organizations Rural Business Enterprise Grants as part of a
federal push to create or retain jobs at rural businesses.

Fort Kent has received $98,000 to assist in purchasing maintenance equipment
upgrades and spectator equipment for the 10th Mountain Center in Fort Kent in
preparation for the 2009 International Biathlon Union World Cup.

In addition, the Northern Maine Development Commission has received $199,000 to
assist in the delivery of technical assistance and other support to area
manufacturers, along with skill-building and sector awareness services to
support the region's tourism industry.

Also, the Northern Maine Finance Corp. has received $387,000 to assist with the
purchase of a building in Caribou. The property will facilitate the development
of small and emerging private business enterprises in the area. Northern Maine
Finance Corp. plans to offer the property at a rate that will attract a
sustainable business to the site.

"This investment of $684,000 in economic and community development is important
as it assists in sustaining rural businesses in northern Maine, creates economic
growth, and strengthens the economy in the region," said Michael W. Aube,
Maine's USDA Rural Development state director.

The USDA gave $19.25 million to rural businesses nationwide through its business
programs.

For information on the Rural Business Enterprise Grant program, contact Rural
Development Business and Cooperative Programs director Michael W. Grondin at
990-9168.

USDA Rural Development has invested more than $76.8 billion since the beginning
of the Bush administration to provide equity and technical assistance to finance
and foster growth in home ownership, business development, and critical
community and technology infrastructure. As a result, more than 1.5 million jobs
have been created or saved through these investments. Further information on
rural programs is available at a local USDA Rural Development office or by
visiting USDA's Web site at www.rurdev.usda.gov.

LOAD-DATE: July 5, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2007 Bangor Daily News


                             241 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Deming Headlight (New Mexico)

                            January 30, 2007 Tuesday

USDA Rural Development Renewable Energy Workshops

BYLINE: For the Headlight

SECTION: LOCAL

LENGTH: 486 words


To be Held in Rural New Mexico

For the Headlight

ALBUQUERQUE   USDA Rural Development State Director Ryan Gleason announced that
Rural Development will present a series of workshops designed to teach
individuals and businesses located in rural communities how to access financing
for renewable energy projects.

In making the announcement, Gleason said, "Although most people don't realize
it, rural America is playing a vital role in moving our nation away from the
dependence on foreign oil as our primary source of energy." Gleason added, "We
have seen increased production and development of alternative power sources such
as ethanol, biofuels and wind energy in rural communities, farms, and ranches
across the nation."

Currently, the U.S. Department of Agriculture Rural Development offers financing
for eligible renewable energy and energy efficiency projects with both grants
and guaranteed loans through its 9006 program. This program funds grants and
loan guarantees to eligible rural small businesses, farmers, ranchers and other
agricultural producers to assist in purchasing renewable energy systems and
making energy efficiency improvements.

Under the 9006 program, USDA Rural Development will guarantee a loan of up to
$10 million. For renewable energy systems, the minimum grant request is $2,500
and the maximum is $500,000. For energy efficiency improvements, the minimum
grant request is $1,500 and the maximum is $250,000. However, no more than 25%
of an eligible project costs can be in the form of a grant.

Renewable energy systems include biofuels, wind, solar, geothermal and
hydrogen-based projects using commercially proven technology. Energy efficiency
projects include improvements to a facility, building or process that reduce
energy consumption such as upgrading electric motors in equipment, more energy
efficient lighting, insulation, and upgrading electrical or heating systems.

More information on both components of the 9006 program can be found at:
http://www.rurdev.usda.gov/rbs/farmbill .

USDA Rural Development will host workshops in February and March of 2007 in New
Mexico to provide producers and rural businesses with information on what is
available and how to make an application for assistance. Rural areas include any
area other than cities or towns of greater than 50,000 population and the
immediate and adjacent urbanized areas of the cities or towns. Eligible small
businesses include sole proprietorships, partnerships, corporations and
cooperatives that meet the Small Business Administration's (SBA) small business
size standards.

The application process has been simplified, with projects under $200,000
eligible for a streamlined submission process.

Dates and times for the workshops will soon be announced. Interested parties can
request application material or participants can learn more and register for
these workshops by calling Rural Development at (505) 761-4953.

###

LOAD-DATE: July 17, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


          Copyright 2007 Deming Headlight, a MediaNews Group Newspaper
                              All Rights Reserved


                             242 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             July 22, 2014 Tuesday

Nevada: USDA Awards Grants to Native American Communities to Strengthen Small
Businesses and Create Jobs

LENGTH: 938  words

DATELINE: Carson City


United States Department of agriculture, The State of Nevada has issued the
following news release:

Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack today announced that USDA is providing support
to Native American communities in 18 states to help strengthen tribal business
and create jobs. The funding is from USDA's Rural Business Enterprise Grant
(RBEG) program, which promotes the development of small and emerging businesses
in rural areas.

"USDA continues to create ladders of opportunity in Native American communities
by investing in the tools needed to create good-paying jobs and raise the
quality of life for residents," Vilsack said. "These strategic investments will
help deliver more products and services to local customers, boost residents'
earnings and improve the economic vitality of these tribal communities."

Rural Business Enterprise Grants also may be used to help fund distance learning
networks and employment-related adult education programs. Eligible applicants
include local governments, non-profit corporations and federally recognized
Indian Tribes.

Since the start of the Obama Administration, the RBEG program has helped create
or save more than 73,000 rural jobs, expanded or helped establish more than
41,000 rural businesses and community projects and provided more than $170
million in economic development assistance.

Below is the complete listing of the 18 recipients receiving more than $2.7
million in USDA funding. The assistance is contingent upon the recipients
meeting the terms of the grant agreement.

Alaska

Alaska Village Electric Cooperative - $200,000 grant. To provide technical
assistance through commercial energy audits.

Arizona

Steamboat Chapter - $80,000 grant. To provide business training and financial
literacy workshops and establish an artisan association for more than 100 Native
American artists in the Navajo Nation.

California

North Fork Rancheria of Mono Indians - $216,000 grant. To purchase automotive
training equipment for 60 future mechanics.

Connecticut

Mohegan Tribe of Indians of Connecticut - $97,609 grant. To provide entry-level
job training for tribe members.

Idaho

Nez Perce Tribe - $22,554 grant. To provide federal contracting certification
training and business assistance for small businesses.

Louisiana

United Houma Nation, Inc. - $89,520 grant. To provide technical assistance and
training to 10-12 entrepreneurs seeking to start small businesses in six
Louisiana parishes.

Maine

Passamaquoddy Tribe - $99,500 grant. To establish a revolving loan fund for a
small business that will produce maple syrup.

Michigan

Saginaw Chippewa Indian Tribe of Michigan - $200,000 grant. To build a farmers
market pavilion.

Minnesota

White Earth Tribal Council - $200,000 grant. To help expand and renovate a
tribal business in Waubun.

Montana

Fort Belknap Indian Community - $317,000 grant. To help build a trading post and
establish a cooperative that will market and sell fruits and vegetables that are
not readily available to local residents, and to serve as an incubator for other
small and emerging businesses.

Nebraska

Center for Rural Affairs - $99,000 grant. To provide training and business
assistance to two small businesses in Santee and Macy that will specialize in
growing vegetables for high-value markets.

Nevada

Fort McDermitt Paiute and Shoshone Tribe - $99,950 grant. To create a revolving
loan fund to assist small and emerging businesses.

New Mexico

Capacity Builders Inc. - $50,000 grant. To provide mentoring and marketing
assistance to small and emerging Navajo artist-owned firms and approximately 50
artists.

North Dakota

Coalition of Indian Housing Authorities of North Dakota - $177,614 grant. To
establish a revolving loan fund to provide technical assistance for small and
emerging businesses that benefit Native Americans living on or near reservations
in the state.

Oklahoma

Thlopthlocco Tribal Town - $497,530 grant. To build a learning center in
Southeast Tulsa County.

Oregon

The Klamath Tribes - $98,394 grant. To provide technical assistance for planning
and developing a member-owned small business micro-enterprise program.

South Dakota

Cloud Horse Art Institute - $99,000 grant. To provide technical assistance and
training on producing professional media products.

Wisconsin

Great Lakes Inter-Tribal Council, Inc. - $99,999 grant. To provide job skills
training and financial literacy education to tribal members.

President Obama's plan for rural America has brought about historic investment
and resulted in stronger rural communities. Under the President's leadership,
these investments in housing, community facilities, businesses and
infrastructure have empowered rural America to continue leading the way -
strengthening America's economy, small towns and rural communities. USDA's
investments in rural communities support the rural way of life that stands as
the backbone of our American values. President Obama and Agriculture Secretary
Vilsack are committed to a smarter use of Federal resources to foster
sustainable economic prosperity and ensure the government is a strong partner
for businesses, entrepreneurs and working families in rural communities.

USDA's investments in rural communities support the rural way of life that
stands as the backbone of our American values. President Obama and Agriculture
Secretary Vilsack are committed to a smarter use of federal resources to foster
sustainable economic prosperity and ensure the government is a strong partner
for businesses, entrepreneurs and working families in rural communities.

For more information please visit: http://www.usda.gov/

LOAD-DATE: July 25, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             243 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                            Aberdeen Evening Express

                                December 3, 2001

Finnie sanctions grant aid of GBP 2million for rural diversification

BYLINE: Joe Watson

SECTION: BUSINESS; FARM/FOOD; News; Pg. 20

LENGTH: 557 words


THE Scottish Executive is to plough GBP 2million in grant aid into 146 projects
being undertaken throughout Scotland by farmers and crofting families.

Environment and Rural Development Minister Ross Finnie has sanctioned the grants
under the agricultural business development scheme and the farm business
development scheme.

Mr Finnie said: "I am particularly pleased to see the variety of projects which
have been brought forward. Considerable time and effort has gone into developing
these proposals and I am impressed by the level of personal commitment that has
gone into many of these applications.

"The GBP 2million grants awarded will provide valuable help to farmers and
crofters who want to diversify and restructure. They will help kickstart a wide
range of worthwhile projects across our rural communities." Mr Finnie said the
projects in the farm business development scheme were the first to receive grant
funding. He said the cash would provide valuable help to farming families who
want to diversify.

There are some 75 projects receiving funding of GBP 1.3million.

Mr Finnie said the grants approved under the agricultural business development
scheme would generate GBP 2.24million of capital investment by farmers and
crofters in the Highlands and Islands.

The minister added: "The agricultural business development scheme has provided a
welcome incentive for over GBP 12million of new projects since its launch
earlier this year.

"The majority of applications were of a very high standard, but some lacked firm
evidence of demand or a marketing plan.  We are already working with ABDS
applicants and their advisers - through our area office network - to help
improve the overall standard of applications coming forward to the next round."
The farm business scheme is for farmers and their immediate families operating
across Lowland Scotland. It is a discretionary and competitive scheme which
provides variable grant assistance of up to 50% for farmers wanting to diversify
either within or outwith agriculture.

There was a wide variety of applications under the measures eligible for farm
business grants.  Those ranged from projects in alternative agriculture -
growing non-traditional crops - to providing rural services such as agricultural
contracting, construction services, forestry services and boarding kennels
through to improving facilities for tourists and bringing redundant farm
buildings into use for new purposes such as providing good quality tourist
accommodation.

Among the farm business grant areas are Forth Valley, Perth and Kinross, and the
areas around Aberdeen and Angus.

The agricultural business development scheme has already approved grant aid
totalling GBP 3.3million to 268 projects valued at about GBP 10million.

Applications approved in the latest round include stock housing, storage sheds,
waste management, hard standings and livestock handling facilities as well as
various diversification projects including boarding kennels, an event hall, a
stock incineration facility, a butchery outlet and residential letting.

The agricultural business development scheme is designed to encourage farming
and crofting families in the Highlands and Islands to restructure, reorient and
diversify and is co-funded by the Scottish Executive and the European Union.


LOAD-DATE: April 28, 2002

LANGUAGE: English

                    Copyright 2001 Aberdeen Evening Express


                             244 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                              Mid Somerset Series

                           January 19, 2017 Thursday

Grant funding available to boost local rural economy

SECTION: NEWS:CHARITY; Pg. 25

LENGTH: 374  words


Funding facilitated by Somerset County Council totalling more than £2 million is
to become available for rural businesses, organisations, farmers and foresters
to boost the local rural economy and create jobs.

The grant funding coming to Western Somerset and the Levels and Moors areas will
be allocated by Local Action Groups, made up of community, public and private
sector representatives, to align with the aims of their Local Development
Strategies.

Organisations or individuals can bid for grants of between £2,500 and £35,000
and they must demonstrate that their project will create jobs, increase business
growth and support the wider economy.

The funding has been made available to the Local Action Groups through the
LEADER Programme 2015-2020 which is part of the European Fund for Rural
Development: Europe investing in Rural Areas.

The LEADER Programme aims to encourage economic development on a local level,
from the 'bottom up'. Projects to benefit from the funding must address the
national and local priorities of the LEADER Programme and Local Development
Strategies. These are to; increase farm productivity, support small enterprises
and farm diversification, rural tourism, provision of rural services, cultural
and heritage activity and increase forestry productivity.

Cllr David Hall, Cabinet Member for Business, Inward Investment and Policy,
said: "If you have an exciting business idea that will help boost growth in
Western Somerset or the Levels and Moors area please get in touch. The funding
could be used for equipment to expand a business, to improve a tourist location,
provide equipment to improve animal health and wellbeing or for farm
diversification projects. This is a fantastic opportunity to bid for funding
that could be really beneficial to your business and the local rural economy."

Somerset County Council acts as the Accountable Body for the LEADER Programme on
behalf of DEFRA and the Rural Payments Agency.

Grants are typically limited to 40 per cent of the eligible project costs.

To find out more about the grant funding contact Laura Jensen on 01823 357105 or
Anne-Marie Spalding on 01823 359242. Details of the LEADER programme and how to
apply for a grant can be found at:  www.somersetleader.org.uk

LOAD-DATE: January 17, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                           Copyright 2017 Localworld
                              All Rights Reserved


                             245 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                              Eastern Daily Press

                             March 28, 2011 Monday

Businesses urged to grow with grants

BYLINE: Trevor Tubby

SECTION: ROP

LENGTH: 248 words


New and existing businesses in the Fens are being urged to bid for a slice of
government money to help them expand.



Grants worth about £2.5m are available for distribution over the next two years
through the Fens Adventurers Rural Development Programme. The programme invests
in existing or new businesses and community enterprises, focusing on sustainable
food and farming, rural business development, sustainable rural tourism and
enterprising communities.

Grants totalling nearly £1.4m have been awarded to 35 businesses since the
programme was launched in 2009. The usual grant is 40pc of the costs of a
project with private sector match funding required.

The programme is mainly funded by the Department for Environment, Food and Rural
Affairs (DEFRA) and the European Agricultural Fund for Rural Development, with
other support provided by local authorities, including Fenland District Council.


Mike Carter, programme manager, said: "The aim is to ensure that any grant adds
value locally and supports the overall strategy to strengthen the economy,
increase job opportunities and enhance the quality of life for people in the
Fens."

Businesses that have already benefited from the grants include March-based
Charles David Photography which was awarded £10,000 to help provide a fully
equipped photographic studio.

Company director Dr Christopher Ley said: "Aside from the cash injection, the
whole grant process gave us an opportunity to consider where we wanted to go
with the company."

LOAD-DATE: March 29, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: EDP


                    Copyright 2011 Archant Regional Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             246 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Las Cruces Sun-News (New Mexico)

                               May 5, 2008 Monday

WESST Corp Receives $234,643 Rural Development Grant

BYLINE: Sun-News report

SECTION: BUSINESS

LENGTH: 251 words


WASHINGTON Ð U.S. Senator Pete Domenici today welcomed news that the Women's
Self-Sufficiency Team (WESST) Corp. has been awarded a $234,643 federal grant to
help rural nonprofit organizations sustain small business development.

The U.S. Department of Agriculture Rural Development grant will be used by WESST
Corp. to provide technical assistance and training related to expanding job
opportunities in rural New Mexico and the Navajo Nation through small business
development. The Albuquerque-based nonprofit organization received a similar
$50,000 grant last year.

"Starting up and then running a small business is hard work, and it is even more
of a challenge in rural areas. I've long admired the services offered by WESST
Corp. and this grant will be used to spread that expertise to rural, and often
impoverished, areas of our state," Domenici said.

WESST Corp, with its field offices in Gallup, Las Cruces, Rio Rancho, Roswell
and Santa Fe, has implemented a training program to instill small business
training and support techniques in local nonprofit organizations that can then
be used to provide sustained assistance to local small business entrepreneurs.

Its Gallup field office, for instance, is working to support weavers on the
Navajo Nation, and its Santa Fe office is working in the Española region to back
fiber arts as small business enterprises.

The USDA estimates that WESST Corp can use this funding to benefit more than 20
low-income, rural communities in New Mexico and the Navajo Nation.

LOAD-DATE: July 18, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


        Copyright 2008 Las Cruces Sun-News, a MediaNews Group Newspaper
                              All Rights Reserved


                             247 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       Silver City Sun-News (New Mexico)

                               May 5, 2008 Monday

WESST Corp Receives $234,643 Rural Development Grant

BYLINE: Sun-News report

SECTION: BUSINESS

LENGTH: 251 words


WASHINGTON Ð U.S. Senator Pete Domenici today welcomed news that the Women's
Self-Sufficiency Team (WESST) Corp. has been awarded a $234,643 federal grant to
help rural nonprofit organizations sustain small business development.

The U.S. Department of Agriculture Rural Development grant will be used by WESST
Corp. to provide technical assistance and training related to expanding job
opportunities in rural New Mexico and the Navajo Nation through small business
development. The Albuquerque-based nonprofit organization received a similar
$50,000 grant last year.

"Starting up and then running a small business is hard work, and it is even more
of a challenge in rural areas. I've long admired the services offered by WESST
Corp. and this grant will be used to spread that expertise to rural, and often
impoverished, areas of our state," Domenici said.

WESST Corp, with its field offices in Gallup, Las Cruces, Rio Rancho, Roswell
and Santa Fe, has implemented a training program to instill small business
training and support techniques in local nonprofit organizations that can then
be used to provide sustained assistance to local small business entrepreneurs.

Its Gallup field office, for instance, is working to support weavers on the
Navajo Nation, and its Santa Fe office is working in the Española region to back
fiber arts as small business enterprises.

The USDA estimates that WESST Corp can use this funding to benefit more than 20
low-income, rural communities in New Mexico and the Navajo Nation.

LOAD-DATE: June 5, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2008 Silver City Sun-News
                              All Rights Reserved


                             248 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            October 4, 2016 Tuesday

Washington: USDA Announces Support for Rural Cooperative Businesses and
Organizations

LENGTH: 905  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: United States Department of Agriculture has issued the following
news release:



 Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack today announced that USDA is awarding 29
grants totaling $5.8 million to help rural cooperatives create jobs and support
business expansion. The funds are being provided through the Rural Cooperative
Development Grant (RCDG) program, which helps fund non-profit groups, such as
rural cooperative development centers and higher education institutions.





 "America's rural communities have incredible potential to create jobs and
expand economic opportunities," Vilsack said. "Many rural businesses and
organizations are succeeding under the cooperative business model, and with
access to additional resources, they can boost job creation and create an
environment where more products are made in rural America. The funding USDA is
announcing today will provide the critical training and technical assistance
rural cooperatives and non-profit groups need to help strengthen America's 'Main
Street' businesses."



 Development centers can use RCDG funds for feasibility studies, strategic
planning, leadership and operations training, and business plan development.
Recipients are required to contribute matching funds that equal 25 percent of
total project costs.



 Sam Rikkers, Administrator of USDA's Rural Business-Cooperative Service,
announced the 29 awardees on Vilsack's behalf during a visit today to the Ohio
Cooperative Development Center (OCDC) at Ohio State University's South Centers
campus in Piketon. OCDC is receiving a $199,984 grant to help businesses and
individuals in rural Ohio and West Virginia explore cooperative opportunities in
several industries, including energy and wood products.



 The Center also will provide a seed grant program to develop and expand
cooperatives. It hopes to assist 20 businesses and eight start-ups. These
efforts are projected to create or save 40 jobs. The Center has provided more
than 2,900 hours of technical assistance since 2011, creating 194 jobs and
retaining 229.



 The Texas Rural Cooperative Center (TRCC) at The University of Texas-Rio Grande
Valley is receiving a $199,393 grant to help start, expand and improve
cooperatives and mutually-owned businesses in Texas and New Mexico. The Center
is located in the South Texas city of Edinburg in Hidalgo County, one of the
poorest in the United States. It serves a 33-county region that contains more
than 1 million poor people and the largest number of impoverished rural colonias
in the nation. The area receives additional assistance through USDA's
StrikeForce for Rural Growth and Opportunity initiative. Through StrikeForce,
USDA staff work with state, local and community officials to increase awareness
of USDA programs and help build program participation through intensive
community outreach and technical assistance.



 Today's announcement is part of USDA's observance of National Cooperative
Month. Each year in October, the Department highlights the economic impact and
innovation of cooperative businesses, particularly in rural communities.



 Projects in 22 states are receiving RCDG funding. Funding for each project
announced today is contingent upon the recipient meeting the terms of the grant
agreement.



 Several of the grants support technical assistance to strengthen local and
regional food systems. Over the course of the Obama Administration, USDA has
invested close to $1 billion in 40,000 local food-related projects on farms and
in communities across the country. USDA's Know Your Farmer, Know Your Food
(KYF2) Initiative coordinates the Department's work to develop strong local and
regional food systems. Please view the KYF2 website and use the KYF2 Compass to
locate USDA investments in your community. More information on how USDA
investments are connecting producers with consumers and expanding rural economic
opportunities is available in Chapter IV of USDA Results on MediumThis is an
external link or third-party site outside of the United States Department of
Agriculture (USDA) website..



 USDA has provided $50.5 million for 257 cooperative grants for projects
nationwide since the start of the Obama Administration. This funding has helped
more than 4,700 businesses. In Fiscal Year 2015, Oregon's Community and Shelter
Assistance Corporation received a $200,000 RCDG grant to provide technical
assistance and training to seven manufactured housing cooperatives. The funds
helped owners of manufactured dwellings form non-profit cooperatives to convert
their parks from investor-owned into resident-owned, creating safe and
affordable dwellings, and stabilized communities.



 Since 2009, USDA Rural Development (@USDARDThis is an external link or
third-party site outside of the United States Department of Agriculture (USDA)
website.) has invested nearly $13 billion to start or expand nearly 112,000
rural businesses; helped bring high-speed Internet access to nearly 6 million
rural residents and businesses; helped 1.1 million rural residents buy homes;
and funded nearly 9,200 community facilities such as schools, public safety and
health care facilities. USDA also has invested $31.3 billion in 963 electric
projects that have financed more than 185,000 miles of transmission and
distribution lines serving 4.6 million rural residents.





 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:

 editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 5, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             249 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            October 4, 2016 Tuesday

Washington: USDA Announces Support for Rural Cooperative Businesses and
Organizations

LENGTH: 905  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: United States Department of Agriculture has issued the following
news release:



 Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack today announced that USDA is awarding 29
grants totaling $5.8 million to help rural cooperatives create jobs and support
business expansion. The funds are being provided through the Rural Cooperative
Development Grant (RCDG) program, which helps fund non-profit groups, such as
rural cooperative development centers and higher education institutions.





 "America's rural communities have incredible potential to create jobs and
expand economic opportunities," Vilsack said. "Many rural businesses and
organizations are succeeding under the cooperative business model, and with
access to additional resources, they can boost job creation and create an
environment where more products are made in rural America. The funding USDA is
announcing today will provide the critical training and technical assistance
rural cooperatives and non-profit groups need to help strengthen America's 'Main
Street' businesses."



 Development centers can use RCDG funds for feasibility studies, strategic
planning, leadership and operations training, and business plan development.
Recipients are required to contribute matching funds that equal 25 percent of
total project costs.



 Sam Rikkers, Administrator of USDA's Rural Business-Cooperative Service,
announced the 29 awardees on Vilsack's behalf during a visit today to the Ohio
Cooperative Development Center (OCDC) at Ohio State University's South Centers
campus in Piketon. OCDC is receiving a $199,984 grant to help businesses and
individuals in rural Ohio and West Virginia explore cooperative opportunities in
several industries, including energy and wood products.



 The Center also will provide a seed grant program to develop and expand
cooperatives. It hopes to assist 20 businesses and eight start-ups. These
efforts are projected to create or save 40 jobs. The Center has provided more
than 2,900 hours of technical assistance since 2011, creating 194 jobs and
retaining 229.



 The Texas Rural Cooperative Center (TRCC) at The University of Texas-Rio Grande
Valley is receiving a $199,393 grant to help start, expand and improve
cooperatives and mutually-owned businesses in Texas and New Mexico. The Center
is located in the South Texas city of Edinburg in Hidalgo County, one of the
poorest in the United States. It serves a 33-county region that contains more
than 1 million poor people and the largest number of impoverished rural colonias
in the nation. The area receives additional assistance through USDA's
StrikeForce for Rural Growth and Opportunity initiative. Through StrikeForce,
USDA staff work with state, local and community officials to increase awareness
of USDA programs and help build program participation through intensive
community outreach and technical assistance.



 Today's announcement is part of USDA's observance of National Cooperative
Month. Each year in October, the Department highlights the economic impact and
innovation of cooperative businesses, particularly in rural communities.



 Projects in 22 states are receiving RCDG funding. Funding for each project
announced today is contingent upon the recipient meeting the terms of the grant
agreement.



 Several of the grants support technical assistance to strengthen local and
regional food systems. Over the course of the Obama Administration, USDA has
invested close to $1 billion in 40,000 local food-related projects on farms and
in communities across the country. USDA's Know Your Farmer, Know Your Food
(KYF2) Initiative coordinates the Department's work to develop strong local and
regional food systems. Please view the KYF2 website and use the KYF2 Compass to
locate USDA investments in your community. More information on how USDA
investments are connecting producers with consumers and expanding rural economic
opportunities is available in Chapter IV of USDA Results on MediumThis is an
external link or third-party site outside of the United States Department of
Agriculture (USDA) website..



 USDA has provided $50.5 million for 257 cooperative grants for projects
nationwide since the start of the Obama Administration. This funding has helped
more than 4,700 businesses. In Fiscal Year 2015, Oregon's Community and Shelter
Assistance Corporation received a $200,000 RCDG grant to provide technical
assistance and training to seven manufactured housing cooperatives. The funds
helped owners of manufactured dwellings form non-profit cooperatives to convert
their parks from investor-owned into resident-owned, creating safe and
affordable dwellings, and stabilized communities.



 Since 2009, USDA Rural Development (@USDARDThis is an external link or
third-party site outside of the United States Department of Agriculture (USDA)
website.) has invested nearly $13 billion to start or expand nearly 112,000
rural businesses; helped bring high-speed Internet access to nearly 6 million
rural residents and businesses; helped 1.1 million rural residents buy homes;
and funded nearly 9,200 community facilities such as schools, public safety and
health care facilities. USDA also has invested $31.3 billion in 963 electric
projects that have financed more than 185,000 miles of transmission and
distribution lines serving 4.6 million rural residents.





 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:

 editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 4, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             250 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Deming Headlight (New Mexico)

                             January 1, 2010 Friday

USDA stimulus money almost triples funding for rural NM projects

BYLINE: For the Headlight

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 634 words


ALBUQUERQUE -- USDA Rural Development State Director Terry Brunner announced
today that USDA Rural Development (RD) investments almost tripled from Fiscal
Year 2008 to Fiscal Year 2009. American Recovery and Reinvestment Act funding
combined with regular program funding boosted USDA RD's FY 09 spending to $354
million in loans and grants throughout rural New Mexico -- a boost from $154
million in FY 08. The funds paid for the construction of water and wastewater
systems, community facilities, business development, homeownership, electric and
telecommunications projects.

In making the announcement, Brunner said, "USDA Rural Development made a
significant difference in rural New Mexico in 2009." Brunner added, "The Obama
Administration has worked hard in rural America to build a foundation for
economic strength and future prosperity. Creating quality jobs, providing
housing opportunities and ensuring that rural communities have safe, clean water
is just some of what we did last year." Brunner added, "We've also funded the
upgrade and expansion of electric and telecommunication transmission across the
State-vital infrastructure improvements for our rural communities. Rural New
Mexico made great strides in 2009 and we expect to continue that pace in 2010."

In FY '08 RD made more than $84-million in loans and grants in the programs
administered in New Mexico and another $50-million was obligated for electric
and telecommunications loans administered in Washington, D. C.

In FY-09, USDA Rural Development funded a total of $155,524,007 in business,
community facility, housing, and water and wastewater projects. Electric and
telecommunications projects across the state received $199,475,648 in funding
for a grand total of $354,999,655 in USDA Rural Development loans and grants in
New Mexico.

The loans and grants were distributed to rural New Mexicans in the following
areas:

RD Business Programs issued $11,972,653 in loans and grants to fund nineteen
business projects located in communities of less than 50,000 people. USDA RD
funded a wind turbine for Lalo's convenience store in Vaughn, N.M.

RD Water and Environmental Programs financed $46,853,854 in loans and grants to
build or refurbish 23 water and wastewater projects in communities of less than
10,000 people in rural New Mexico. This year, USDA RD assisted with $9.7 million
in funding for a new wastewater treatment plant for Ruidoso and Ruidoso Downs.

RD Community Facilities Programs financed eleven projects with loans and grants,
for the construction of numerous community buildings and the purchase of first
responder equipment in communities of less than 20,000 people for a total of
$43,425,049. Stimulus funding provided $9.4 million for the constriction of
Guadalupe County's new hospital.

RD Housing Programs issued loans and grants in the amount of $53,272,451 in
several housing programs which helped 472 become homeowners or helped families
refurbish and remodel their homes in areas populated by less than 20,000 people.

RD Electric Programs issued four loans to electric co-ops for a total of

$103,625,000. Some of the co-operatives also provide electric services to
communities in neighboring states.

RD Telecommunications Programs provided $95,850,648 to eight telephone
cooperatives and educational institutions to expand broadband, communication and
distance learning infrastructure throughout rural New Mexico. LEACO telephone
cooperative received more than $50 million in funding for Internet service to
northern Lea County.

USDA Rural Development's mission is to increase economic opportunity and improve
the quality of life in rural communities. Further information on rural programs
is available at a local USDA Rural Development office or by visiting USDA's web
site at http://www.rurdev.usda.gov .

LOAD-DATE: January 6, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Firefighters from the Angel Fire Fire Department push a fire engine
back into the bay of newly-constructed fire station No. 2. USDA Rural
Development s community facilities loan program provided $700,000 for the
project.
A ribbon cutting event for the grand opening of the Hampton Inn Hotel was held
in Deming. Rural Development s Business and Industry Guaranteed loan program
provided a $5 million guaranteed loan for the hotel s construction.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


          Copyright 2010 Deming Headlight, a MediaNews Group Newspaper
                              All Rights Reserved


                             251 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The Monitor (McAllen, Texas)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                              June 6, 2010 Sunday

USDA grant program aids small businesses in tight credit markets

BYLINE: Jared Janes, The Monitor, McAllen, Texas

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 616 words


Jun. 6--MERCEDES -- Plans to open a small shopping center off Expressway 83 with
five retail and service businesses could be stymied without access to financial
capital.

A Mercedes bakery that wants to add a restaurant component and a downtown
banquet hall looking to add a courtyard are also dependent on finding loans to
finance their expansions in a market where credit remains tight.

But a $1.75 million grant the U.S. Department of Agriculture awarded to the
city's job-creation arm will allow loans to be given out to those small
businesses and others in the city, Mercedes city officials said. The city
received funding in the federal economic stimulus package for the USDA's Rural
Business Enterprise Grant program, which provides loans so small businesses can
acquire and develop land, construct and upgrade buildings, pay for startup costs
and provide job training instruction.

Small businesses have closed their doors or laid off employees since the
financial crisis began, as banks and other lenders froze the credit markets,
said Rudy Salinas, the president of the Development Corp. of Mercedes. The setup
would give the city's small businesses a place to turn for capital if funding
isn't readily available through conventional methods.

"This is what we feel is going to fill the void. The bank's underwriting is much
more strict and they have a lot of different requirements," Salinas said.
"Generally speaking, we want to help those businesses that are having trouble
getting loans."

Several small-business owners in Mercedes have already inquired about the loans
available through the stimulus package. Three other cities in the Rio Grande
Valley also received $1.2 million for the revolving loan program last year.

The USDA created the grant program to allow public bodies and nonprofit
corporations in rural parts of the country a way to finance and facilitate
development of small businesses in rural areas, said Jake Sheeran, the USDA
rural development area director. Although the program is typically reserved for
rural cities with a population of fewer than 50,000 residents, U.S. Rep. Ruben
Hinojosa, D-Mercedes, secured an amendment to allow small cities such as
Mercedes that are along the Expressway 83 corridor to qualify.

In Mercedes, the city will use $500,000 to purchase land for the development of
a business park. The remaining $1.25 million will go into establishing and
maintaining a revolving loan fund that can act as a lender to the city's
business community.

The economic development corporation can use its loan program to leverage larger
projects that might be curtailed by tighter lending restrictions in the current
financial markets, said Hinojosa, who announced the grant program. But minor
investments in small businesses can also pay dividends, with those enterprises
looking to expand as the economy recovers.

"If we invest in small businesses to let them have loans, technical assistance
or training, there's no reason they can't hire two, three or four employees,"
Hinojosa said. "It will help us drive down the 11 percent unemployment rate in
Hidalgo County to the single-digit rates we've seen previously."

____

Jared Janes covers Hidalgo County government, Edinburg and general assignments
for The Monitor. He can be reached at (956) 683-4424.

To see more of The Monitor, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.themonitor.com. Copyright (c) 2010, The Monitor, McAllen, Texas
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: June 6, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20100606-MC-USDA-grant-program-aids-small-businesses
-in-tight-credit-markets-0606

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: MC


                           Copyright 2010 The Monitor


                             252 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                   Clovis Livestock Market News (New Mexico)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                January 8, 2010

Rural Development touts spending on NM projects

BYLINE: Clovis Livestock Market News staff

LENGTH: 369  words


ALBUQUERQUE USDA Rural Develop-ment investments almost tripled from fiscal year
2008 to fiscal year 2009, State Director Terry Brunner announced this week.

American Recov-ery and Reinvestment Act (ARRA) funding, combined with regular
program funding, boosted USDA's rural development spending to $354 million in
loans and grants throughout rural New Mexico - a boo'st from $154 million in the
previous fiscal year.

The funds paid for the construction of water and wastewater systems, community
facilities, business development, homeownership, electric and telecommunications
projects.

In FY '08 Rural Development made more than $84 million in loans and grants in
the programs adminis-tered in New Mexico and another $50 million was obligated
for electric and telecommunications loans administered in Washington.

In FY-09, Rural Development funded a total of $155,524,007 in business,
community fa-cility, housing, and water and wastewater projects. Electric and
telecom-munications projects across the state received $199,475,648 in fund-ing
for a grand total of $354,999,655 in USDA Rural Development loans and grants in
New Mexico.

The loans and grants were distributed to rural New Mexicans in the fol-lowing
areas:

Business Programs issued $11,972,653 in loans and grants to fund nineteen
business proj-ects located in communi-ties of less than 50,000 people. USDARD
funded a wind turbine for Lalo's convenience store in Vaughn, NM.

Water and Environmental Programs financed $46,853,854 in loans and grants to
build or refurbish 23 water and wastewater projects in communities of less than
10,000 people in rural New Mexico. This year, USDARD assisted with $9.7 million
in fund-ing for a new wastewa-ter treatment plant for Ruidoso and Ruidoso Downs.

Community Facili-ties Programs financed eleven projects with loans and grants,
for the construction of numer-ous community buildings and the purchase of first
responder equipment in communities of less than 20,000 people for a total of
$43,425,049. Stimu-lus funding provided $9.4 million for the con-striction of
Guadalupe County's new hospital.

Housing Pro-grams issued loans and grants in the amount of $53,272,451 in
several housing programs which helped 472 become

LOAD-DATE: April 16, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Local Government

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: CVM

                      Copyright 2010 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                  Copyright 2010 Clovis Livestock Market News


                             253 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             January 2, 2017 Monday

FEDERAL REGISTER: Submission for OMB Review; Comment Request Pages 96433 - 96433
[FR DOC # 2016-31692]

LENGTH: 935  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: Office of the Federal Register has issued the following notice:



 DEPARTMENT OF AGRICULTURE Submission for OMB Review; Comment Request December
27, 2016. The Department of Agriculture has submitted the following information
collection requirement(s) to OMB for review and clearance under the Paperwork
Reduction Act of 1995, Public Law 104-13. Comments are requested regarding (1)
whether the collection of information is necessary for the proper performance of
the functions of the agency, including whether the information will have
practical utility; (2) the accuracy of the agency's estimate of burden including
the validity of the methodology and assumptions used; (3) ways to enhance the
quality, utility and clarity of the information to be collected; and (4) ways to
minimize the burden of the collection of information on those who are to
respond, including through the use of appropriate automated, electronic,
mechanical, or other technological collection techniques or other forms of
information technology. Comments regarding this information collection received
by January 30, 2017 will be considered. Written comments should be addressed to:
Desk Officer for Agriculture, Office of Information and Regulatory Affairs,
Office of Management and Budget (OMB), New Executive Office Building, 725 17th
Street NW., Washington, DC 20502. Commenters are encouraged to submit their
comments to OMB via email to:

OIRA_Submission@OMB.EOP.GOV or fax (202) 395-5806 and to Departmental Clearance
Office, USDA, OCIO, Mail Stop 7602, Washington, DC 20250- 7602. Copies of the
submission(s) may be obtained by calling (202) 720- 8958. An agency may not
conduct or sponsor a collection of information unless the collection of
information displays a currently valid OMB control number and the agency informs
potential persons who are to respond to the collection of information that such
persons are not required to respond to the collection of information unless it
displays a currently valid OMB control number. Rural Business-Cooperative
Service Title: Rural Economic Development Loan and Grant Program. OMB Control
Number: 0570-0035. Summary of Collection: The information collected is necessary
to implement Section 313(b) (2) of the Rural Electrification Act of 1936 (7
U.S.C. 940(c)) that established a loan and grant program. Rural Business Service
(RBS) mission is to improve the quality of life in rural America by financing
community facilities and businesses, providing technical assistance and creating
effective strategies for rural development. Under this program, zero interest
loans and grants are provided to electric and telecommunications utilities that
have borrowed funds from RUS. The purpose of the program is to encourage these
electric and telecommunications utilities to promote rural economic development
and job creation projects such as business start- up costs, business expansion,
community development, and business incubator projects. Need and Use of the
Information: Various forms and narrative requirements will be used to collect
the necessary information. RBS needs this collected information to select the
projects it believes will provide the most long-term economic benefit to rural
areas. The selection process is competitive and RBS has generally received more
applications than it could fund. RBS also needs to make sure the funds are used
for the intended purpose, and in the case of the loan, the funds will be repaid.
RBS must determine that loans made from revolving loan funds established with
grants are used for eligible purposes. Description of Respondents:
Not-for-profit Institutions; Business or other for-profit. Number of
Respondents: 120. Frequency of Responses: Reporting: On Occasion, Annually.
Total Burden Hours: 4,781. Rural Business-Cooperative Service Title: Rural
Micro-Entrepreneur Assistance Program. OMB Control Number: 0570-0062. Summary of
Collection: Section 6022 of the Food, Conservation, and Energy Act of 2008 (2008
Farm Bill) authorizes the Rural Microentrepreneur Assistance Program (RMAP). The
Secretary makes direct loans to rural microenterprise development organizations
(MDOs) that are participating in the program (who are referred to as
``microlenders'') for the purpose of capitalizing microloan revolving funds to
provide fixed interest rate business loans of $50,000 or less to
microentrepreneurs, as defined in the 2008 Farm Bill. Need and Use of the
Information: The program provides rural microentrepreneurs with the skills
necessary to establish new rural microenterprises; to provide continuing
technical and financial assistance related to the successful operation of rural
microenterprises; and to assist with the cost of providing other activities and
services related to the successful operation of MDOs and rural microenterprises.
Microlenders seeking loans and/or grants will have to submit applications that
include specified information, certifications, and agreements to the Agency.
This information will be used to determine applicant eligibility and to ensure
that funds are used for authorized purposes. Description of Respondents:
Business or other for-profit; Not-for- profit Institutions; State, Local or
Tribal governments. Number of Respondents: 75. Frequency of Responses:
Reporting: Quarterly, Annually. Total Burden Hours: 3,254. Charlene Parker,
Departmental Information Collection Clearance Officer. [FR Doc. 2016-31692 Filed
12-29-16; 8:45 am] BILLING CODE 3410-XY-P



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: January 3, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2017 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             254 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                              June 7, 2013 Friday

Utah: Rural Business Opportunity Grant (RBOG)

LENGTH: 275 words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Sponsor  USDA Rural Development
Deadlines  Jun 28, 2013
Contact

Contact the nearest Rural Development Office with questions.
Purpose

The primary objective of the program is to improve the economic conditions of
rural areas. Assistance provided to rural areas under this program includes the
following:

Rural business incubators
    Technology-based economic development
    Feasibility studies and business plans
    Long-term business strategic planning
    Leadership and entrepreneur training

Applications that will support regional economic development are encouraged.
Eligibility

Grants may be made to public bodies, nonprofit corporations, institutions of
higher education, Indian tribes on Federal or State reservations and other
Federally recognized tribal groups, and cooperatives with members that are
primarily rural residents.
Geographic
coverage  Nationwide
Amount of
funding

Expected Number of Awards: 35
Estimated Total Program Funding: $2,370,000
Award Ceiling: $50,000
Application
process

Applications may be submitted either in paper format, or electronically through
grants.gov.

Applications submitted in paper format have a deadline of June 28, 2013.
Applications submitted electronically have a deadline of June 24, 2013.

Links to necessary paper application materials can be found on the program
website.

Links to the full announcement and electronic application process are available
through grants.gov.
Tagged as  Capital funding, Community development, Economic development,
Technology

For further information please visit: http://www.raconline.org/.

LOAD-DATE: June 7, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             255 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                 Republican & Herald (Pottsville, Pennsylvania)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             June 23, 2009 Tuesday

Haven, Mahanoy get grants

BYLINE: John E. Usalis, Republican & Herald, Pottsville, Pa.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 541 words


Jun. 23--MAHANOY CITY -- Two Schuylkill County boroughs received funds for
downtown revitalization efforts during separate check presentations Monday
morning.

U.S. Rep. Tim Holden, D-17, stopped in downtown Schuylkill Haven and Mahanoy
City to present the checks to borough officials, with representatives of
business organizations also on hand in Mahanoy City.

The presentation in Schuylkill Haven was made at the Lewis News Agency. The
$19,160 grant check was through the Rural Business Enterprise Grant program,
administered through the U.S. Department of Agriculture.

"When people traditionally think of the Department of Agriculture, they think of
production agriculture, which is very important for the country, the state and
Schuylkill County," said Holden.

"But the department also has the charge to work on economic development in rural
America, so they have a Rural Development department that does funding to invest
in our small rural communities to revitalize the business community and
encourage economic development," he said.

After the presentation, which was made to Borough Administrator Scott Graver,
Mayor Gary Hess and Councilman Paul Bedway, Hess said, "This grant will help us
move into Stage 2. We have all the components in place and we're hoping to move
into the Main Street Program, to get a Main Street manager and actually start
developing the downtown."

The RBEG program provides grants for rural projects that finance and facilitate
development of small and emerging rural businesses, help fund distance learning
networks and help fund employment related adult education programs. To assist
with business development, RBEGs may fund a broad array of activities.

Holden left Schuylkill Haven for Mahanoy City, where he met Borough Manager
Jerry Teter to present a RBEG check for $66,500 in front of the Teen Canteen
building. On hand were representatives from Mahanoy Downtown Inc., Ashland Area
Chamber of Commerce, Upper Schuylkill Downtowns Inc., Delgesso Associates, which
prepared the grant application for Mahanoy City and Schuylkill Haven, and the
office of state Rep. Neal P. Goodman, D-123.

Teter said the borough used a previous $96,000 USDA grant for the canteen for
repairs and combined some of the funds with streetscape funding, along with
about $200,000 through Holden's office for general construction and for use
within the streetscape area on Centre Street.

The funds accepted Monday will continue downtown projects.

"We're going into Phase 3 and 4 of the streetscape project, but this money will
help us study the whole economic development area of the downtown," said Teter.
"And because Mahanoy Downtown has representatives from each of the areas that we
need -- an engineer, an architect, legal counsel -- we thought this was
something they could focus on and run with it."

To see more of the Republican & Herald or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.republicanherald.com. Copyright (c) 2009, Republican & Herald,
Pottsville, Pa. Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For
reprints, email tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or
847-635-6550, send a fax to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group
Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave., Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: June 23, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20090623-RN-Haven-Mahanoy-get-grants-0623

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: RN


                                 Copyright 2009


                             256 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                   The Blair Press (Blair-Taylor, Wisconsin)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                               September 16, 2010

Funding provided to help Wisconsin farmers and small businesses

BYLINE: The Blair Press-Taylor staff

LENGTH: 513  words


STRUM, Wis., Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack announced that USDA is providing
funding to help Wisconsin farmers and rural small businesses reduce energy
consumption, create jobs and promote economic development. He announced nearly
$2.7 million in loans and grants through USDA Rural Development's Rural Energy
for America Program (REAP) and three other economic development programs.

"President Obama and I are committed to helping farmers, agricultural producers
and rural businesses create jobs, identify new income sources and become more
energy efficient," Vilsack said. "This funding will not only help Wisconsin
farmers and small business owners reduce energy costs, but also improve their
bottom line."

For example, Helene's Hilltop Orchard, LLC of Merrill, will receive grant funds
to purchase and install a new photovoltaic solar lighting system at the orchard,
saving 40 percent in annual energy costs. In Darlington, Johnson Wind, LLC. was
selected to receive loan and grant funds to assist rural small businesses in
developing wind energy generation system.

USDA energy efficiency programs often yield double digit energy savings. REAP
funding can be used for renewable energy systems, energy efficiency
improvements, feasibility studies, energy audits, and renewable energy
development assistance. More information on the REAP program, which was
authorized under the 2008 Farm Bill, is at: http://www.rurdev.usda.gov/BCP_R
eapResEei.html

In addition to the 45 REAP projects announced, Vilsack announced funding for
three additional Wisconsin projects:

The College of Menominee Nation is awarded a $196,600 Tribal College Initiative
Grant to expand student parking facilities and buy and install an emergency
generator. The electrical generator will support the new library.

CAP Services, Inc. will receive $262,296 to establish revolving loan fund to
provide low-interest loans to public bodies, non-profit organizations, and
for-profit businesses. The fund, provided through the Intermediary Relending
Program, will assist businesses and economic development in Marquette, Portage,
Waupaca, Waushara, and Wood Counties.

Spring Rose Growers

Cooperative in Verona will receive a $197,400 grant to proyide technical
assistance for and by socially disadvantaged growers in southern Wisconsin. In
conjunction with the Dumlin Community Farm Producers Co-op, Hmong, Hispanic and
other growers will craft courses to assist member producers become more
sustainable and profitable. Funds are provided through the Small Socially
Disadvantaged Producer Grant program.

A complete list of Wisconsin REAP recipients were announced from the various
couties. The following was from Trempealeau County.

Elmaro Farms, LLC - irrigation, Trempealeau, Trempealeu County $19,000

45 REAP Recipients Total Funding: $2,039,177

Total Grants: 1,278,919

Total Loans: 760,258

Funding of each recipient is contingent upon the recipient meeting the
conditions of the grant or loan agreement. More information on these and other
USDA Rural Development Programs can be found on the website at

www.rurdev.usda.gov.

LOAD-DATE: June 3, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Business

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: BLP

                      Copyright 2010 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                     Copyright 2010 The Blair Press Taylor


                             257 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                   York Press

                            February 8, 2010 Monday

Grants boost for Yorkshire rural firms

BYLINE: Ron Godfrey

SECTION: BUSINESS NEWS (P BUSINESS NEWS)

LENGTH: 337 words


RURAL businesses in Yorkshire have been given a boost through new grants to help
the enterprises start, expand and improve.

The grants, available through Yorkshire Forward, the regional development
agency, are part of the Rural Development Programme for England (RDPE).

The move follows research commissioned by Yorkshire Forward which identified the
need to improve the quality of the accommodation offered in some parts of rural
Yorkshire.

Gary Verity, Welcome to Yorkshire's chief executive, is keen for businesses to
seize this opportunity to develop Yorkshire's rural tourism offer.

He said: "The Rural Development Programme is of immense benefit to our tourism
operators and also the regional visitor economy. We want accommodation providers
to take advantage of the support available to them to enhance their businesses
and to ensure rural communities have a sustainable tourism offer."

RDPE grants from £25,000, and equivalent to 50 per cent of total project costs,
are available for accommodation meeting a set of criteria.

Serviced accommodation is the key priority; including rural pubs seeking to
develop new high quality bedrooms, or to significantly upgrade existing
accommodation if it will help the business become more economically sustainable.

Self-catering accommodation will also need to clearly demonstrate how it will
deliver economic benefit for the local area.

Andy Tordoff, assistant director of environment for Rural Renaissance and
Tourism at Yorkshire Forward, said: "It is important that our region's rural
areas can offer high quality accommodation, to attract visitors and ensure they
visit again, contributing to the regional visitor economy.

"RDPE's Rural Enterprise Investment Programme is a flexible package that can be
accessed by many tourism businesses located in rural areas and we are working
hard with Welcome to Yorkshire to ensure Yorkshire and Humber's rural tourism
businesses take advantage of it." Tourism operators interested in further
information should log on to welcometoyorkshire.net

LOAD-DATE: February 8, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2010 NewsQuest Media Group Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             258 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            October 6, 2015 Tuesday

Washington: Pingree, Poliquin announce federal investment in rural small
businesses

LENGTH: 464 words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Washington: Office of the MP Chellie Pingree has issued the following news
release:



 Representatives Chellie Pingree and Bruce Poliquin announced $275,000 in
federal grants for four Maine organizations to help grow the rural and
agricultural economy in Maine.  The grants will provide job training, low cost
loans and improve distribution for agricultural products.





 "The agriculture economy has tremendous potential for growth, creating good
jobs right here in Maine," Pingree said.  "Investing in the local economy and
local food is a good way to create economic growth in rural communities."



 "While traveling throughout Maine, it has been great to see, first-hand, the
potential job growth local farms, such as Backyard Tomatoes in Madison, can
provide for our communities," Poliquin said. "These grants will help provide
more resources for our rural communities to provide more jobs for Mainers and
create a better business climate."



 The grants, from the U.S. Department of Agriculture, are targeted at starting
or expanding rural small businesses.



 The grants include:



     Maine Organic Farmers & Gardeners Association (MOFGA) - $98,950. Rural
Development funds will be used to assist with organic grower business
consultation services, organic farming workshops and professional training, and
third-party loans for non-production purposes from an organic farmers' revolving
loan fund. The project has the potential to create 50 jobs.

     Kennebec Valley Council of Governments - $89,000.  Rural Development funds
will be used to assist with expanding the Maine Grains oat project. The project
will consist of acquiring and installing oat-dehulling and related equipment and
mechanical work, along with testing, package design, web consultation for online
marketing, and project management. The project has the potential to create 21
jobs.

     Northern Maine Development Commission - $62,050.  Rural Development funds
will be used to help develop marketing strategies and improve distribution
channels throughout the Great Region Diversified Agricultural Community of
Aroostook, Piscataquis, and Washington Counties. The project has the potential
to create 38 jobs.

     Aroostook Aspiration Initiative - $25,000.  Rural Development funds will be
used to assist with expanding the Internship Hub of Aroostook program. The
project will conduct leadership training for prospective adult, rural
entrepreneurs and managers, while establishing and developing rural learning
programs that provide job training instruction related to potential employment
and job advancement for adult students. The project has the potential over the
next three years to create 75 jobs.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:

 editorial@plusme.com

LOAD-DATE: October 8, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             259 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            October 4, 2016 Tuesday

Washington: FACT SHEET: The White House Rural Forum

LENGTH: 1844  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: White House Administration has issued the following news release:



  Tomorrow, Wednesday, October 5, the White House will host the White House
Rural Forum, convening rural policy, business, and nonprofit leaders to Penn
State University in State College, PA, and announcing new Administration actions
in support of rural America. At tomorrow's convening, Agriculture Secretary Tom
Vilsack, Chair of the White House Rural Council, and Pennsylvania Governor Tom
Wolf will lead discussions on pertinent issues facing rural communities,
including opportunities for economic growth and strategies for improving health
care and housing. Secretary Vilsack will also urge lawmakers and the private
sector, foundations, and nonprofits to recognize opportunities in America's
rural communities to ensure continued social and economic progress.





 Significant gains have been made across rural America: Rural household income
climbed 3.4 percent in 2015, and overall poverty and food insecurity fell
dramatically, rural populations have begun to rebound, and non-metro areas have
added more than 250,000 jobs since 2014, while the share of rural Americans
without health insurance is now at an all-time low.



 Established by President Obama in 2011, the White House Rural Council
coordinates the Administration's efforts in rural America by streamlining and
improving the effectiveness of federal programs, engaging stakeholders on
priority issues, and coordinating private sector partnerships to create economic
opportunity and improve the quality of life.



 Building on the work of the White House Rural Council, today the Administration
and non-Federal organizations are announcing new investments and highlighting
programs to support continued progress in rural America, including:



              $3 Billion Invested in Rural Infrastructure Projects: In 2014,
USDA launched a public-private partnership with Capitol Peak Asset Management
and CoBank, a national cooperative bank and member of the Farm Credit System.
Since 2014, more than $3 billion in private sector funding has been lent to over
400 financings of projects in the power, water, communications and community
facilities industries.

              $7.7 Million in New Grants to Bring Broadband to 6 Unserved
Communities: USDA's Community Connect program provides funding for broadband
deployment into unserved areas. Since 2009, USDA Rural Development broadband
programs have helped bring high-speed Internet access to nearly 6 million rural
residents and businesses.

              $24.4 Million to Fund 80 New Efforts to Support Rural Businesses:
Since 2009, USDA has invested $11 billion to start or expand 103,000 rural
businesses; helped 1.1 million rural residents buy homes; funded nearly 7,000
community facilities such as schools, public safety and health care facilities;
and financed 180,000 miles of electric transmission and distribution lines. New
investments announced today:

            $10.9 million invested in 15 new Rural Economic Development Loan
(REDL) and Grant (REDG) projects: Under the REDLoan and REDGrant programs, USDA
provides zero interest loans and grants to local utilities which they, in turn,
pass through to local businesses (ultimate recipients) for projects that will
create and retain employment in rural areas.

            $9.1 million invested in 15 new Intermediary Relending Program (IRP)
projects: Under the IRP program, loans are provided to local organizations
(intermediaries) for the establishment of revolving loan funds. These revolving
loan funds are used to assist with financing business and economic development
activity to create or retain jobs in disadvantaged and remote communities.
Intermediaries are encouraged to work in concert with partners who can provide
complimentary resources.

            $1.2 million invested in 4 new Rural Micro-entrepreneur Assistance
Program (RMAP) projects: RMAP provides loans and grants to Microenterprise
Development Organizations (MDOs) to help micro-entrepreneurs - very small
businesses with 10 or fewer employees - access capital to start or grow
businesses. MDOs use the funds to provide training and technical assistance to
small businesses or to establish revolving loan funds that provide micro-loans,
typically $5,000 to $50,000, to rural micro-entrepreneurs.

            $3.2 million invested in 46 new Rural Business Development Grant
(RBDG) projects: RBDG is a competitive grant designed to support targeted
technical assistance, training and other activities leading to the development
or expansion of small and emerging private businesses in rural areas that have
fewer than 50 employees and less than $1 million in gross revenues.

              Grants to Increase Rural Veterans' Access to Health Care: The
Department of Veterans Affairs (VA) Office of Rural Health is awarding $215
million in grants for FY2017 to 138 VA Medical Centers to prioritize rural
programs to increase access to health care services impacting approximately
570,000 rural Veterans and approximately 800 rural providers and health care
staff. These grants will support the implementation of proven models of care
delivery in rural serving clinics. Programs enhancing Primary Care, Mental
Health Care, Specialty Care and Enabling Services will be available in VA clinic
locations where these were not previously available.

              Investing in volunteer service to address the opioid crisis in
Rural America:  The Corporation for National and Community Service (CNCS) will
provide up to 19 AmeriCorps program development grants to states and their
governors' service commissions to address the growing opioid crisis in America,
including in rural areas of affected States. AmeriCorps VISTA just announced
that one of its FY2017 priorities for applications is to have members promote
opioid addiction recovery. Last year, CNCS invested $220 million in programs
that help rural communities address their biggest challenges.  More than 190,000
AmeriCorps and SeniorCorps members served their rural neighbors in every state
through tasks like tutoring children, building or repairing homes, and providing
nutritious meals.

              Rural IMPACT Demonstration pilot program: The Rural Integration
Models for Parents and Children to Thrive (Rural IMPACT) Demonstration Project
helps communities adopt a two-generation approach to addressing the needs of
both vulnerable children and their parents, with the goal of increasing parents'
employment and education and improving the health and well-being of their
children and families. The project, led by HHS in collaboration with USDA, the
Department of Labor (DOL), CNCS, the Appalachian Regional Commission, the Delta
Regional Authority, the Annie E. Casey Foundation, W.K. Kellogg Foundation and
other philanthropic partners selected 10 local and tribal communities to receive
interagency technical assistance and capacity-building resources to reduce child
poverty. Today, USDA and CNCS are pleased to announce that AmeriCorps VISTA
members will be placed in all 10 Rural IMPACT communities for a second year.

              Economic Development Planning Assistance for Rural Communities:
Several agencies including the Environmental Protection Agency (EPA), USDA, the
Departments of Transportation, Housing and Urban Development, and Health and
Human Services, the Economic Development Administration, the Appalachian
Regional Commission, and the Delta Regional Authority, is launching Rural
Advantage, offering planning assistance to help up to 30 rural communities grow
their economies and revitalize downtown neighborhoods. Rural Advantage joins a
suite of Federal economic development planning assistance programs for rural
communities that include:

            Local Foods, Local Places, which helps communities leverage local
food enterprise to diversify their economy and renew their downtowns;

            Cool & Connected, which helps communities use broadband service to
create walkable, connected, economically successful neighborhoods; and

            Healthy Places for Healthy People, a new program that will help
communities use centrally located health care facilities to promote community
development and active living.



 Communities interested in assistance are invited to apply by November 6th.



              Health Information Technology Investments: HHS's Health Resources
and Services Administration (HRSA) is investing approximately $36 million in
rurally-located health centers to support strategic investments in Health
Information Technology. The investments will help health centers enhance their
health IT and better prepare providers and staff to use health IT and data.

              Investments to Address Chronic Diseases: HRSA is investing $2
million to support rural primary care providers, such as critical access
hospitals and rural health clinics, to plan and implement quality improvement
activities such as medication management, to address chronic diseases including
diabetes, cardiovascular disease, and obesity.

              Community Coaches to Help Rural Leaders Tackle Child Poverty: The
Robert Wood Johnson Foundation and the University of Wisconsin are providing
Community Coaches to ten innovative communities participating in the Rural
Impact County Challenge, an initiative led by the White House Rural Council and
the National Association of Counties to address rural child poverty. Coaches
will work directly with selected communities' leaders and multi-sector teams to
address factors that contribute to child poverty.

              Investments in Rural Teacher Preparation Programs: As part of its
Teacher Quality Partnership Grants Program, the Department of Education is
investing nearly $15 million over five years to develop teacher preparation
programs at higher education institutions that partner with high-need schools to
help train new and experienced teachers.

              Release of "Rural Strategies that Work": The White House Rural
Council is releasing a memorandum entitled Rural Strategies that Work, which
presents strategies for Federal work in rural America that have resulted in
improved outcomes over the course of the Obama Administration. Authored by
Secretary Vilsack, Office and Management and Budget Director Shaun Donovan,
Domestic Policy Director Cecilia Muñoz and National Economic Council Director
Jeff Zients, the memorandum presents policies and administrative actions that
increase rural communities' ability to access and leverage local and Federal
resources.

              Highlighting the accomplishments of the White House Rural Council:
Secretary Vilsack is publishing a new Medium Post that highlights the work of
the White House Rural Council and the organizations with which it works. The
post contains stories and videos of Federal-local collaborations to drive
economic growth, improve rural quality of life, and expand access to healthcare
in rural America.





 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:

 editorial@plusmediasolutions.com



LOAD-DATE: October 5, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             260 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            October 4, 2016 Tuesday

Washington: FACT SHEET: The White House Rural Forum

LENGTH: 1844  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: White House Administration has issued the following news release:



  Tomorrow, Wednesday, October 5, the White House will host the White House
Rural Forum, convening rural policy, business, and nonprofit leaders to Penn
State University in State College, PA, and announcing new Administration actions
in support of rural America. At tomorrow's convening, Agriculture Secretary Tom
Vilsack, Chair of the White House Rural Council, and Pennsylvania Governor Tom
Wolf will lead discussions on pertinent issues facing rural communities,
including opportunities for economic growth and strategies for improving health
care and housing. Secretary Vilsack will also urge lawmakers and the private
sector, foundations, and nonprofits to recognize opportunities in America's
rural communities to ensure continued social and economic progress.





 Significant gains have been made across rural America: Rural household income
climbed 3.4 percent in 2015, and overall poverty and food insecurity fell
dramatically, rural populations have begun to rebound, and non-metro areas have
added more than 250,000 jobs since 2014, while the share of rural Americans
without health insurance is now at an all-time low.



 Established by President Obama in 2011, the White House Rural Council
coordinates the Administration's efforts in rural America by streamlining and
improving the effectiveness of federal programs, engaging stakeholders on
priority issues, and coordinating private sector partnerships to create economic
opportunity and improve the quality of life.



 Building on the work of the White House Rural Council, today the Administration
and non-Federal organizations are announcing new investments and highlighting
programs to support continued progress in rural America, including:



              $3 Billion Invested in Rural Infrastructure Projects: In 2014,
USDA launched a public-private partnership with Capitol Peak Asset Management
and CoBank, a national cooperative bank and member of the Farm Credit System.
Since 2014, more than $3 billion in private sector funding has been lent to over
400 financings of projects in the power, water, communications and community
facilities industries.

              $7.7 Million in New Grants to Bring Broadband to 6 Unserved
Communities: USDA's Community Connect program provides funding for broadband
deployment into unserved areas. Since 2009, USDA Rural Development broadband
programs have helped bring high-speed Internet access to nearly 6 million rural
residents and businesses.

              $24.4 Million to Fund 80 New Efforts to Support Rural Businesses:
Since 2009, USDA has invested $11 billion to start or expand 103,000 rural
businesses; helped 1.1 million rural residents buy homes; funded nearly 7,000
community facilities such as schools, public safety and health care facilities;
and financed 180,000 miles of electric transmission and distribution lines. New
investments announced today:

            $10.9 million invested in 15 new Rural Economic Development Loan
(REDL) and Grant (REDG) projects: Under the REDLoan and REDGrant programs, USDA
provides zero interest loans and grants to local utilities which they, in turn,
pass through to local businesses (ultimate recipients) for projects that will
create and retain employment in rural areas.

            $9.1 million invested in 15 new Intermediary Relending Program (IRP)
projects: Under the IRP program, loans are provided to local organizations
(intermediaries) for the establishment of revolving loan funds. These revolving
loan funds are used to assist with financing business and economic development
activity to create or retain jobs in disadvantaged and remote communities.
Intermediaries are encouraged to work in concert with partners who can provide
complimentary resources.

            $1.2 million invested in 4 new Rural Micro-entrepreneur Assistance
Program (RMAP) projects: RMAP provides loans and grants to Microenterprise
Development Organizations (MDOs) to help micro-entrepreneurs - very small
businesses with 10 or fewer employees - access capital to start or grow
businesses. MDOs use the funds to provide training and technical assistance to
small businesses or to establish revolving loan funds that provide micro-loans,
typically $5,000 to $50,000, to rural micro-entrepreneurs.

            $3.2 million invested in 46 new Rural Business Development Grant
(RBDG) projects: RBDG is a competitive grant designed to support targeted
technical assistance, training and other activities leading to the development
or expansion of small and emerging private businesses in rural areas that have
fewer than 50 employees and less than $1 million in gross revenues.

              Grants to Increase Rural Veterans' Access to Health Care: The
Department of Veterans Affairs (VA) Office of Rural Health is awarding $215
million in grants for FY2017 to 138 VA Medical Centers to prioritize rural
programs to increase access to health care services impacting approximately
570,000 rural Veterans and approximately 800 rural providers and health care
staff. These grants will support the implementation of proven models of care
delivery in rural serving clinics. Programs enhancing Primary Care, Mental
Health Care, Specialty Care and Enabling Services will be available in VA clinic
locations where these were not previously available.

              Investing in volunteer service to address the opioid crisis in
Rural America:  The Corporation for National and Community Service (CNCS) will
provide up to 19 AmeriCorps program development grants to states and their
governors' service commissions to address the growing opioid crisis in America,
including in rural areas of affected States. AmeriCorps VISTA just announced
that one of its FY2017 priorities for applications is to have members promote
opioid addiction recovery. Last year, CNCS invested $220 million in programs
that help rural communities address their biggest challenges.  More than 190,000
AmeriCorps and SeniorCorps members served their rural neighbors in every state
through tasks like tutoring children, building or repairing homes, and providing
nutritious meals.

              Rural IMPACT Demonstration pilot program: The Rural Integration
Models for Parents and Children to Thrive (Rural IMPACT) Demonstration Project
helps communities adopt a two-generation approach to addressing the needs of
both vulnerable children and their parents, with the goal of increasing parents'
employment and education and improving the health and well-being of their
children and families. The project, led by HHS in collaboration with USDA, the
Department of Labor (DOL), CNCS, the Appalachian Regional Commission, the Delta
Regional Authority, the Annie E. Casey Foundation, W.K. Kellogg Foundation and
other philanthropic partners selected 10 local and tribal communities to receive
interagency technical assistance and capacity-building resources to reduce child
poverty. Today, USDA and CNCS are pleased to announce that AmeriCorps VISTA
members will be placed in all 10 Rural IMPACT communities for a second year.

              Economic Development Planning Assistance for Rural Communities:
Several agencies including the Environmental Protection Agency (EPA), USDA, the
Departments of Transportation, Housing and Urban Development, and Health and
Human Services, the Economic Development Administration, the Appalachian
Regional Commission, and the Delta Regional Authority, is launching Rural
Advantage, offering planning assistance to help up to 30 rural communities grow
their economies and revitalize downtown neighborhoods. Rural Advantage joins a
suite of Federal economic development planning assistance programs for rural
communities that include:

            Local Foods, Local Places, which helps communities leverage local
food enterprise to diversify their economy and renew their downtowns;

            Cool & Connected, which helps communities use broadband service to
create walkable, connected, economically successful neighborhoods; and

            Healthy Places for Healthy People, a new program that will help
communities use centrally located health care facilities to promote community
development and active living.



 Communities interested in assistance are invited to apply by November 6th.



              Health Information Technology Investments: HHS's Health Resources
and Services Administration (HRSA) is investing approximately $36 million in
rurally-located health centers to support strategic investments in Health
Information Technology. The investments will help health centers enhance their
health IT and better prepare providers and staff to use health IT and data.

              Investments to Address Chronic Diseases: HRSA is investing $2
million to support rural primary care providers, such as critical access
hospitals and rural health clinics, to plan and implement quality improvement
activities such as medication management, to address chronic diseases including
diabetes, cardiovascular disease, and obesity.

              Community Coaches to Help Rural Leaders Tackle Child Poverty: The
Robert Wood Johnson Foundation and the University of Wisconsin are providing
Community Coaches to ten innovative communities participating in the Rural
Impact County Challenge, an initiative led by the White House Rural Council and
the National Association of Counties to address rural child poverty. Coaches
will work directly with selected communities' leaders and multi-sector teams to
address factors that contribute to child poverty.

              Investments in Rural Teacher Preparation Programs: As part of its
Teacher Quality Partnership Grants Program, the Department of Education is
investing nearly $15 million over five years to develop teacher preparation
programs at higher education institutions that partner with high-need schools to
help train new and experienced teachers.

              Release of "Rural Strategies that Work": The White House Rural
Council is releasing a memorandum entitled Rural Strategies that Work, which
presents strategies for Federal work in rural America that have resulted in
improved outcomes over the course of the Obama Administration. Authored by
Secretary Vilsack, Office and Management and Budget Director Shaun Donovan,
Domestic Policy Director Cecilia Muñoz and National Economic Council Director
Jeff Zients, the memorandum presents policies and administrative actions that
increase rural communities' ability to access and leverage local and Federal
resources.

              Highlighting the accomplishments of the White House Rural Council:
Secretary Vilsack is publishing a new Medium Post that highlights the work of
the White House Rural Council and the organizations with which it works. The
post contains stories and videos of Federal-local collaborations to drive
economic growth, improve rural quality of life, and expand access to healthcare
in rural America.





 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:

 editorial@plusmediasolutions.com



LOAD-DATE: October 4, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             261 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            March 11, 2015 Wednesday

Arizona: Funding Availability: Rural Economic Development Loan and Grant
Programs

LENGTH: 2635  words

DATELINE: Phoenix


Department of The Treasury has issued the following news release:

This Notice is to invite applications for loans and grants under the Rural
Economic Development Loan and Grant (REDLG) programs pursuant to 7 CFR part
4280, subpart A for fiscal year (FY) 2015. Funding to support $38.6 million in
loans and $9.2 million in grants is currently available. The commitment of
program dollars will be made to applicants of selected responses that have
fulfilled the necessary requirements for obligation.

All applicants are responsible for any expenses incurred in developing their
applications.
Dates

Application Deadline: Completed applications must be received in the United
States Department of Agriculture (USDA) Rural Development State Office no later
than 4:30 p.m. (local time) on the last business day of each month to be
considered for funding in the following month in FY 2015.
Addresses

Submit applications in paper format to the USDA Rural Development State Office
for the State where the project is located. A list of the USDA Rural Development
State Office contacts can be found at:
http://www.rurdev.usda.gov/StateOfficeAddresses.html.
For Further Information Contact

Kristi Kubista-Hovis at (202) 815-1589, Kristi.Kubista-Hovis@wdc.usda.gov, and
Cindy Mason at (202) 690-1433, Cindy.Mason@wdc.usda.gov Please contact the USDA
Rural Development State Office in the State in which the project will be
located.
Overview

Solicitation Opportunity Type: Rural Economic Development Loans and Grants.

Announcement Type: Initial Announcement.

Catalog of Federal Domestic Assistance Number: 10.854.

Dates: Application Deadline: Completed applications must be received in the USDA
Rural Development State Office no later than 4:30 p.m. (local time) on the last
business day of each month to be considered for funding in the following month
in FY 2015.
I. Funding Opportunity Description

A. Purpose of the Program. The purpose of the program is to promote rural
economic development and job creation projects.

B. Statutory Authority. These programs are authorized under 7 U.S.C. 940c and 7
CFR part 4280, subpart A. Assistance provided to rural areas, as defined, under
this program may include business startup costs, business expansion, business
incubators, technical assistance feasibility studies, advanced
telecommunications services and computer networks for medical, educational, and
job training services, and community facilities projects for economic
development. Awards are made on a competitive basis using specific selection
criteria contained in 7 CFR part 4280, subpart A. Information required to be in
the application includes an SF-424, "Application for Federal Assistance;" a
Resolution of the Board of Directors; AD-1047, "Debarment/Suspension
Certification;" Assurance Statement for the Uniform Act; Restrictions on
Lobbying, AD-1049, "Certification Regarding Drug-Free Workplace Requirements;"
FormRD 400-1, "Equal Opportunity Agreement;" Form RD 400-4, "Assurance
Agreement;" Seismic Certification (if construction); paperwork required in
accordance with 7 CFR 1940, subpart G, "Environmental Program." If the proposal
involves new construction; large increases in employment; hazardous waste; a
change in use, size, capacity, purpose or location from an original facility; or
is publicly controversial, the following is required: Form RD 1940-20, "Request
for Environmental Information;" RUS Form 7, "Financial and Statistical Report;"
and RUS Form 7a, "Investments, Loan Guarantees, and Loans," or similar
information; and written narrative of project description. Applications will be
tentatively scored by the State Offices and submitted to the National Office for
review.

C. Definition of Terms. The definitions applicable to this Notice are published
at 7 CFR 4280.3.

D. Application Awards. The Agency will review, evaluate, and score applications
received in response to this Notice based on the provisions found in 7 CFR part
4280, subpart A, and as indicated in this Notice. However, the Agency advises
all interested parties that the applicant bears the burden in preparing and
submitting an application in response to this Notice whether or not funding is
appropriated for these programs in FY 2015.
II. Award Information

Type of Awards: Loans and Grants.

Fiscal Year Funds: FY 2015.

Available Funds: Loans: $38.6 million; Grants: $9.2 million.

Maximum Award: The Agency anticipates the following maximum amounts per award:
Loans--$1,000,000; Grants--$300,000.

Application Dates: The last business day of each month to be considered for
funding in the following month in FY 2015.

Award Dates: The last business day of the month following the month in which
application was received. Applications will be received monthly.
III. Eligibility Information
A. Eligible Applicants

Loans and grants may be made to any entity that is identified by USDA Rural
Development as an eligible borrower under the Rural Electrification Act of 1936,
as amended (Act). In accordance with 7 CFR 4280.13, applicants that are not
delinquent on any Federal debt or otherwise disqualified from participation in
these programs are eligible to apply. An applicant must be eligible under 7
U.S.C. 940c. Notwithstanding any other provision of law, any former Rural
Utilities Service borrower that has repaid or prepaid an insured, direct or
guaranteed loan under the Act, or any not-for-profit utility that is eligible to
receive an insured or direct loan under such Act shall be eligible for
assistance under section 313(b)(2)(B) of such Act in the same manner as a
borrower under such Act. All other restrictions in this Notice will apply.
B. Cost Sharing or Matching

For loans, either the Ultimate Recipient or the Intermediary must provide
supplemental funds for the project equal to at least 20 percent of the loan to
the Intermediary. For grants, the Intermediary must establish a Revolving Loan
Fund and contribute an amount equal to at least 20 percent of the Grant. The
supplemental contribution must come from Intermediary's funds which may not be
from other Federal Grants, unless permitted by law.
C. Other Eligibility Requirements

Applications will only be accepted for projects that promote rural economic
development and job creation.
D. Completeness Eligibility

Applications will not be considered for funding if they do not provide
sufficient information to determine eligibility or are missing required
elements.
IV. Fiscal Year 2015 Application and Submission Information:
A. Address To Request Application Package

For further information, entities wishing to apply for assistance should contact
the Rural Development State Office identified in this Notice to obtain copies of
the application package.

Applicants are encouraged to submit grant applications through the Grants.gov
Web site at: http://www.grants.gov. Grant applications may be submitted in
either electronic or paper format. Loan applications must be submitted via paper
to the State Office. Applications may not be submitted by electronic mail.

When you enter the Grants.gov Web site, you will find information about
submitting an application electronically through the site, as well as the hours
of operation. USDA Rural Development strongly recommends that you do not wait
until the application deadline date to begin the application process through
Grants.gov. To use Grants.gov, applicants must have a Dun and Bradstreet Data
Universal Numbering System (DUNS) number which can be obtained at no cost via a
toll-free request line at 1-866-705-5711 or at http://fedgov.dnb.com/webform.
    You may submit all documents electronically through the Web site, including
all information typically included on the application for REDLGs and all
necessary assurances and certifications.
    After electronically submitting an application through the Web site, the
applicant will receive an automatic acknowledgement from Grants.gov that
contains a Grants.gov tracking number.
    USDA Rural Development may request that the applicant provide original
signatures on forms at a later date.
    If applicants experience technical difficulties on the closing date and are
unable to meet the deadline, you may submit a paper copy of your application to
your respective Rural Development State Office. Paper applications submitted to
a Rural Development State Office must meet the closing date and local time
deadline.
    Please note that applicants must locate the downloadable application package
for this program by the Catalog of Federal Domestic Assistance Number or
FedGrants Funding Opportunity Number, which can be found at http://www.grants.
gov.

B. Content and Form of Submission

An application must contain all of the required elements. Each selection
priority criterion outlined in 7 CFR 4280.42(b) must be addressed in the
application. Failure to address any of the criteria will result in a zero-point
score for that criterion and will impact the overall evaluation of the
application. Copies of 7 CFR part 4280, subpart A, will be provided to any
interested applicant making a request to a Rural Development State Office. An
original copy of the application must be filed with the Rural Development State
Office for the State where the Intermediary is located.
C. Submission Dates and Times

Application Dates: No later than 4:30 p.m. (local time) on the last business day
of each month to be considered for funding in the following month.

Explanation of Dates: Applications must be in the USDA Rural Development State
Office by the dates as indicated above.
V. Application Review Information
A. Criteria

All eligible and complete applications will be evaluated and scored based on the
selection criteria and weightscontained in 7 CFR part 4280, subpart A. Failure
to address any one of the criteria by the application deadline will result in
the application being determined ineligible, and the application will not be
considered for funding.

Rural Development is encouraging applications for projects that will support
rural areas where according to the American Community Survey data by census
tracts show at least 20 percent of the population is living in rural poverty.
This emphasis will support Rural Development's mission of improving the quality
of life for Rural Americans and commitment to directing resources to those who
most need them.
B. Review and Selection Process

The State Offices will review applications to determine if they are eligible for
assistance based on requirements contained in 7 CFR part 4280, subpart A. If
determined eligible, your application will be submitted to the National Office.
Funding of projects is subject to the Intermediary's satisfactory submission of
the additional items required by that subpart and the USDA Rural Development
Letter of Conditions.
VI. Award Administration Information
A. Award Notices

Successful applicants will receive notification for funding from the Rural
Development State Office. Applicants must comply with all applicable statutes
and regulations before the loan/grant award can be approved. Provided the
application and eligibility requirements have not changed, an application not
selected will be reconsidered in three subsequent funding competitions for a
total of four competitions. If an application is withdrawn, it can be
resubmitted and will be evaluated as a new application.
B. Administrative and National Policy Requirements

Additional requirements that apply to Intermediary's selected for this program
can be found in 7 CFR part 4280, subpart A. The U.S. Department of Agriculture
and the Agency are adopting the new U.S. Department of Agriculture grant
regulation at 2 CFR chapter IV. This regulation incorporates the new Office of
Management and Budget (OMB) regulations 2 CFR 200 and 2 CFR 400.1 to 400.18 for
monitoring and servicing REDLG funding.
C. Reporting

In addition to any reports required by 2 CFR 200 and 2 CFR 400.1 to 400.18, the
Intermediary must provide reports as required by 7 CFR part 4280, subpart A.
VII. Agency Contacts

For general questions about this announcement, please contact your USDA Rural
Development State Office provided in theADDRESSESsection of this Notice.
VIII. Paperwork Reduction Act

In accordance with the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995, the information
collection requirement contained in this Notice is approved by OMB under OMB
Control Number 0570-0024.
IX. National Environmental Policy Act

This Notice has been reviewed in accordance with 7 CFR part 1940, subpart G,
"Environmental Program." Rural Development has determined that the Environmental
Impact Statement is not required because the issuance of regulations and
instructions, as well as amendments to them, describing administrative and
financial procedures for processing, approving, and implementing the Agency's
financial programs is categorically excluded in the Agency's National
Environmental Policy Act (NEPA) regulation found at 7 CFR part 1940.310(e)(3) of
Subpart G, Environmental Program. Thus, in accordance with the NEPA of 1969 (42
U.S.C. 4321-4347), Rural Development has determined that this notice does not
constitute a major Federal action significantly affecting the quality of the
human environment; however, Rural Development will conduct individual NEPA
analyses on a project-by-project basis whenever warranted.
X. Federal Funding Accountability and Transparency Act

All applicants, in accordance with 2 CFR part 25, must have a DUNS number, which
can be obtained at no cost via a toll-free request line at 1-866-705-5711 or
online at http://fedgov.dnb.com/webform. Similarly, all grant applicants must be
registered in the System for Award Management (SAM) prior to submitting an
application. Applicants may register for the SAM at http://www.sam.gov. All
recipients of Federal financial grant assistance are required to report
information about first-tier sub-awards and executive total compensation in
accordance with 2 CFR part 170.
XI. Nondiscrimination Statement

The U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA) prohibits discrimination against its
customers, employees, and applicants for employment on the bases of race, color,
national origin, age, disability, sex, gender identity, religion, reprisal, and
where applicable, political beliefs, marital status, familial or parental
status, sexual orientation, or all or part of an individual's income is derived
from any public assistance program, or protected genetic information in
employment or in any program or activity conducted or funded by the Department.
(Not all prohibited bases will apply to all programs and/or employment
activities.)

If you wish to file a Civil Rights program complaint of discrimination, complete
the USDA Program Discrimination Complaint Form (PDF), found online at
http://www.ascr.usda.gov/complaint_filing_cust.html, or at any USDA office, or
call (866) 632-9992 to request the form. You may also write a letter containing
all of the information requested in the form. Send your completed complaint form
or letter to us by mail at U.S. Department of Agriculture, Director, Office of
Adjudication, 1400 Independence Avenue SW., Washington, DC 20250-9410, by fax
(202) 690-7442 or email at program.intake@usda.gov

Individuals who are deaf, hard of hearing, or have speech disabilities and wish
to file either an EEO or program complaint may contact USDA through the Federal
Relay Service at (800) 877-8339 or (800) 845-6136 (in Spanish).

Persons with disabilities, who wish to file a program complaint, please see
information above on how to contact us by mail directly or by email. If you
require alternative means of communication for program information (e.g.,
Braille, large print, audiotape, etc.) please contact USDA's TARGET Center at
(202) 720-2600 (voice and TDD).

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: May 6, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             262 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     The Idaho Business Review (Boise, ID)

                                October 14, 2009

Ketchum, Blaine County, get development grants

BYLINE: IBR Staff Report

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 195  words


Ketchum Community Development Corp. plans to use a $50,000 U.S. Department of
Agriculture Rural Business Enterprise Grant in conjunction with local, private
donations to capitalize a micro-loan revolving fund intended to help small
businesses in the area obtain financing for amounts less than traditional bank
lending thresholds. Blaine County plans to use its $20,000 Rural Business
Enterprise Grant to partner with donor funds contributed to Jigsaw Inc. to fund
a feasibility study exploring development of a business incubator.

USDA Rural Development issued both grants following a competitive process. A
ceremony was slated Oct. 14 in Ketchum.

Blaine County is known for its tourism and its second-home residents, but "it is
the valley's countless small and emerging business owners who have built a
strong community by providing vital products and services to local residents,"
USDA Rural Development said in a release. "Projects such as revolving loan funds
and business incubators can help increase economic opportunity for all area
residents by offering financial and technical resources that might not otherwise
be available to small businesses in rural areas. "

LOAD-DATE: October 15, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Government activity

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2009 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved


                             263 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             March 17, 2015 Tuesday

Funding Availability: Rural Economic Development Loan and Grant Programs

LENGTH: 2670  words


Washington, D.C.: This Notice document was issued by the Rural Business
Cooperative Service (RBS)

Action

Notice.
Summary

This Notice is to invite applications for loans and grants under the Rural
Economic Development Loan and Grant (REDLG) programs pursuant to 7 CFR part
4280, subpart A for fiscal year (FY) 2015. Funding to support $38.6 million in
loans and $9.2 million in grants is currently available. The commitment of
program dollars will be made to applicants of selected responses that have
fulfilled the necessary requirements for obligation.

All applicants are responsible for any expenses incurred in developing their
applications.
Dates

Application Deadline: Completed applications must be received in the United
States Department of Agriculture (USDA) Rural Development State Office no later
than 4:30 p.m. (local time) on the last business day of each month to be
considered for funding in the following month in FY 2015.
Addresses

Submit applications in paper format to the USDA Rural Development State Office
for the State where the project is located. A list of the USDA Rural Development
State Office contacts can be found at:
http://www.rurdev.usda.gov/StateOfficeAddresses.html.
For Further Information Contact

Kristi Kubista-Hovis at (202) 815-1589, Kristi.Kubista-Hovis@wdc.usda.gov, and
Cindy Mason at (202) 690-1433, Cindy.Mason@wdc.usda.gov Please contact the USDA
Rural Development State Office in the State in which the project will be
located.
Overview

Solicitation Opportunity Type: Rural Economic Development Loans and Grants.

Announcement Type: Initial Announcement.

Catalog of Federal Domestic Assistance Number: 10.854.

Dates: Application Deadline: Completed applications must be received in the USDA
Rural Development State Office no later than 4:30 p.m. (local time) on the last
business day of each month to be considered for funding in the following month
in FY 2015.
I. Funding Opportunity Description

A. Purpose of the Program. The purpose of the program is to promote rural
economic development and job creation projects.

B. Statutory Authority. These programs are authorized under 7 U.S.C. 940c and 7
CFR part 4280, subpart A. Assistance provided to rural areas, as defined, under
this program may include business startup costs, business expansion, business
incubators, technical assistance feasibility studies, advanced
telecommunications services and computer networks for medical, educational, and
job training services, and community facilities projects for economic
development. Awards are made on a competitive basis using specific selection
criteria contained in 7 CFR part 4280, subpart A. Information required to be in
the application includes an SF-424, "Application for Federal Assistance;" a
Resolution of the Board of Directors; AD-1047, "Debarment/Suspension
Certification;" Assurance Statement for the Uniform Act; Restrictions on
Lobbying, AD-1049, "Certification Regarding Drug-Free Workplace Requirements;"
FormRD 400-1, "Equal Opportunity Agreement;" Form RD 400-4, "Assurance
Agreement;" Seismic Certification (if construction); paperwork required in
accordance with 7 CFR 1940, subpart G, "Environmental Program." If the proposal
involves new construction; large increases in employment; hazardous waste; a
change in use, size, capacity, purpose or location from an original facility; or
is publicly controversial, the following is required: Form RD 1940-20, "Request
for Environmental Information;" RUS Form 7, "Financial and Statistical Report;"
and RUS Form 7a, "Investments, Loan Guarantees, and Loans," or similar
information; and written narrative of project description. Applications will be
tentatively scored by the State Offices and submitted to the National Office for
review.

C. Definition of Terms. The definitions applicable to this Notice are published
at 7 CFR 4280.3.

D. Application Awards. The Agency will review, evaluate, and score applications
received in response to this Notice based on the provisions found in 7 CFR part
4280, subpart A, and as indicated in this Notice. However, the Agency advises
all interested parties that the applicant bears the burden in preparing and
submitting an application in response to this Notice whether or not funding is
appropriated for these programs in FY 2015.
II. Award Information

Type of Awards: Loans and Grants.

Fiscal Year Funds: FY 2015.

Available Funds: Loans: $38.6 million; Grants: $9.2 million.

Maximum Award: The Agency anticipates the following maximum amounts per award:
Loans--$1,000,000; Grants--$300,000.

Application Dates: The last business day of each month to be considered for
funding in the following month in FY 2015.

Award Dates: The last business day of the month following the month in which
application was received. Applications will be received monthly.
III. Eligibility Information
A. Eligible Applicants

Loans and grants may be made to any entity that is identified by USDA Rural
Development as an eligible borrower under the Rural Electrification Act of 1936,
as amended (Act). In accordance with 7 CFR 4280.13, applicants that are not
delinquent on any Federal debt or otherwise disqualified from participation in
these programs are eligible to apply. An applicant must be eligible under 7
U.S.C. 940c. Notwithstanding any other provision of law, any former Rural
Utilities Service borrower that has repaid or prepaid an insured, direct or
guaranteed loan under the Act, or any not-for-profit utility that is eligible to
receive an insured or direct loan under such Act shall be eligible for
assistance under section 313(b)(2)(B) of such Act in the same manner as a
borrower under such Act. All other restrictions in this Notice will apply.
B. Cost Sharing or Matching

For loans, either the Ultimate Recipient or the Intermediary must provide
supplemental funds for the project equal to at least 20 percent of the loan to
the Intermediary. For grants, the Intermediary must establish a Revolving Loan
Fund and contribute an amount equal to at least 20 percent of the Grant. The
supplemental contribution must come from Intermediary's funds which may not be
from other Federal Grants, unless permitted by law.
C. Other Eligibility Requirements

Applications will only be accepted for projects that promote rural economic
development and job creation.
D. Completeness Eligibility

Applications will not be considered for funding if they do not provide
sufficient information to determine eligibility or are missing required
elements.
IV. Fiscal Year 2015 Application and Submission Information:
A. Address To Request Application Package

For further information, entities wishing to apply for assistance should contact
the Rural Development State Office identified in this Notice to obtain copies of
the application package.

Applicants are encouraged to submit grant applications through the Grants.gov
Web site at: http://www.grants.gov. Grant applications may be submitted in
either electronic or paper format. Loan applications must be submitted via paper
to the State Office. Applications may not be submitted by electronic mail.

When you enter the Grants.gov Web site, you will find information about
submitting an application electronically through the site, as well as the hours
of operation. USDA Rural Development strongly recommends that you do not wait
until the application deadline date to begin the application process through
Grants.gov. To use Grants.gov, applicants must have a Dun and Bradstreet Data
Universal Numbering System (DUNS) number which can be obtained at no cost via a
toll-free request line at 1-866-705-5711 or at http://fedgov.dnb.com/webform.
    You may submit all documents electronically through the Web site, including
all information typically included on the application for REDLGs and all
necessary assurances and certifications.
    After electronically submitting an application through the Web site, the
applicant will receive an automatic acknowledgement from Grants.gov that
contains a Grants.gov tracking number.
    USDA Rural Development may request that the applicant provide original
signatures on forms at a later date.
    If applicants experience technical difficulties on the closing date and are
unable to meet the deadline, you may submit a paper copy of your application to
your respective Rural Development State Office. Paper applications submitted to
a Rural Development State Office must meet the closing date and local time
deadline.
    Please note that applicants must locate the downloadable application package
for this program by the Catalog of Federal Domestic Assistance Number or
FedGrants Funding Opportunity Number, which can be found at http://www.grants.
gov.

B. Content and Form of Submission

An application must contain all of the required elements. Each selection
priority criterion outlined in 7 CFR 4280.42(b) must be addressed in the
application. Failure to address any of the criteria will result in a zero-point
score for that criterion and will impact the overall evaluation of the
application. Copies of 7 CFR part 4280, subpart A, will be provided to any
interested applicant making a request to a Rural Development State Office. An
original copy of the application must be filed with the Rural Development State
Office for the State where the Intermediary is located.
C. Submission Dates and Times

Application Dates: No later than 4:30 p.m. (local time) on the last business day
of each month to be considered for funding in the following month.

Explanation of Dates: Applications must be in the USDA Rural Development State
Office by the dates as indicated above.
V. Application Review Information
A. Criteria

All eligible and complete applications will be evaluated and scored based on the
selection criteria and weightscontained in 7 CFR part 4280, subpart A. Failure
to address any one of the criteria by the application deadline will result in
the application being determined ineligible, and the application will not be
considered for funding.

Rural Development is encouraging applications for projects that will support
rural areas where according to the American Community Survey data by census
tracts show at least 20 percent of the population is living in rural poverty.
This emphasis will support Rural Development's mission of improving the quality
of life for Rural Americans and commitment to directing resources to those who
most need them.
B. Review and Selection Process

The State Offices will review applications to determine if they are eligible for
assistance based on requirements contained in 7 CFR part 4280, subpart A. If
determined eligible, your application will be submitted to the National Office.
Funding of projects is subject to the Intermediary's satisfactory submission of
the additional items required by that subpart and the USDA Rural Development
Letter of Conditions.
VI. Award Administration Information
A. Award Notices

Successful applicants will receive notification for funding from the Rural
Development State Office. Applicants must comply with all applicable statutes
and regulations before the loan/grant award can be approved. Provided the
application and eligibility requirements have not changed, an application not
selected will be reconsidered in three subsequent funding competitions for a
total of four competitions. If an application is withdrawn, it can be
resubmitted and will be evaluated as a new application.
B. Administrative and National Policy Requirements

Additional requirements that apply to Intermediary's selected for this program
can be found in 7 CFR part 4280, subpart A. The U.S. Department of Agriculture
and the Agency are adopting the new U.S. Department of Agriculture grant
regulation at 2 CFR chapter IV. This regulation incorporates the new Office of
Management and Budget (OMB) regulations 2 CFR 200 and 2 CFR 400.1 to 400.18 for
monitoring and servicing REDLG funding.
C. Reporting

In addition to any reports required by 2 CFR 200 and 2 CFR 400.1 to 400.18, the
Intermediary must provide reports as required by 7 CFR part 4280, subpart A.
VII. Agency Contacts

For general questions about this announcement, please contact your USDA Rural
Development State Office provided in theADDRESSESsection of this Notice.
VIII. Paperwork Reduction Act

In accordance with the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995, the information
collection requirement contained in this Notice is approved by OMB under OMB
Control Number 0570-0024.
IX. National Environmental Policy Act

This Notice has been reviewed in accordance with 7 CFR part 1940, subpart G,
"Environmental Program." Rural Development has determined that the Environmental
Impact Statement is not required because the issuance of regulations and
instructions, as well as amendments to them, describing administrative and
financial procedures for processing, approving, and implementing the Agency's
financial programs is categorically excluded in the Agency's National
Environmental Policy Act (NEPA) regulation found at 7 CFR part 1940.310(e)(3) of
Subpart G, Environmental Program. Thus, in accordance with the NEPA of 1969 (42
U.S.C. 4321-4347), Rural Development has determined that this notice does not
constitute a major Federal action significantly affecting the quality of the
human environment; however, Rural Development will conduct individual NEPA
analyses on a project-by-project basis whenever warranted.
X. Federal Funding Accountability and Transparency Act

All applicants, in accordance with 2 CFR part 25, must have a DUNS number, which
can be obtained at no cost via a toll-free request line at 1-866-705-5711 or
online at http://fedgov.dnb.com/webform. Similarly, all grant applicants must be
registered in the System for Award Management (SAM) prior to submitting an
application. Applicants may register for the SAM at http://www.sam.gov. All
recipients of Federal financial grant assistance are required to report
information about first-tier sub-awards and executive total compensation in
accordance with 2 CFR part 170.
XI. Nondiscrimination Statement

The U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA) prohibits discrimination against its
customers, employees, and applicants for employment on the bases of race, color,
national origin, age, disability, sex, gender identity, religion, reprisal, and
where applicable, political beliefs, marital status, familial or parental
status, sexual orientation, or all or part of an individual's income is derived
from any public assistance program, or protected genetic information in
employment or in any program or activity conducted or funded by the Department.
(Not all prohibited bases will apply to all programs and/or employment
activities.)

If you wish to file a Civil Rights program complaint of discrimination, complete
the USDA Program Discrimination Complaint Form (PDF), found online at
http://www.ascr.usda.gov/complaint_filing_cust.html, or at any USDA office, or
call (866) 632-9992 to request the form. You may also write a letter containing
all of the information requested in the form. Send your completed complaint form
or letter to us by mail at U.S. Department of Agriculture, Director, Office of
Adjudication, 1400 Independence Avenue SW., Washington, DC 20250-9410, by fax
(202) 690-7442 or email at program.intake@usda.gov

Individuals who are deaf, hard of hearing, or have speech disabilities and wish
to file either an EEO or program complaint may contact USDA through the Federal
Relay Service at (800) 877-8339 or (800) 845-6136 (in Spanish).

Persons with disabilities, who wish to file a program complaint, please see
information above on how to contact us by mail directly or by email. If you
require alternative means of communication for program information (e.g.,
Braille, large print, audiotape, etc.) please contact USDA's TARGET Center at
(202) 720-2600 (voice and TDD).
Dated: February 27, 2015.
Lillian E. Salerno,
Administrator, Rural Business--Cooperative Service.
[FR Doc. 2015-05525 Filed 3-10-15; 8:45 am]
BILLING CODE 3410-XY-P

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: March 17, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             264 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            June 12, 2013 Wednesday

Inviting Applications for Small Socially-Disadvantaged Producer Grants

LENGTH: 1992 words

DATELINE: Washington


Office of the Federal Register, US Government has issued the following notice:


Action

Notice.
Summary

The Rural Business--Cooperative Service announces the availability of $2,855,222
in competitive grant funds for the FY 2013 Small Socially-Disadvantaged Producer
Grants (SSDPG) program as authorized by H.R. 933. We are requesting proposals
from applicants that will provide technical assistance to small,
socially-disadvantaged agricultural producers in rural areas. Eligible
applicants include Cooperatives, Groups of Cooperatives, and Cooperative
Development Centers. The maximum award per grant is $200,000. The grant period
is limited to a one-year timeframe.

DATES: Back to Top

Completed applications for grants must be submitted on paper or electronically
according to the following deadlines:

Paper copies must be postmarked and mailed, shipped, or sent overnight no later
than July 15, 2013, to be eligible for FY 2013 grant funding. You may also hand
carry your application to one of our field offices, but it must be received by
close of business on the July 15, 2013, deadline date. Late applications will
not be eligible for FY 2013 grant funding.

Electronic copies must be received by http://www.grants.gov no later than
midnight eastern time July 10, 2013, to be eligible for FY 2013 grant funding.
Please review the Grants.gov Web site at http://grants.
gov/applicants/organization_registration.jsp for instructions on the process of
registering your organization as soon as possible to ensure you are able to meet
the electronic application deadline.

If you do not meet the deadline for submitting an electronic application, you
may hand carry or submit a paper application by the July 15, 2013, deadline as
discussed above. Late applications will not be eligible for FY 2013 grant
funding.
ADDRESSES: Back to Top

You should contact the USDA Rural Development State Office (State Office)
located in the State where you are headquartered if you have questions. You are
encouraged to contact your State Office well in advance of the application
deadline to discuss your project and ask any questions about the application
process. Program guidance as well as application templates may be obtained at
http://www.rurdev.usda.gov/BCP_SSDPG.html. If you want to submit an electronic
application, follow the instructions for the SSDPG funding announcement located
at http://www.grants.gov. If you want to submit a paper application, send it to
the State Office located in the State where you are headquartered. If you are
headquartered in Washington, DC, please contact the Office of the Deputy
Administrator, Cooperative Programs, Rural Business--Cooperative Service, at
(202) 720-7558 for guidance on where to submit your application.

Application materials for the SSDPG program may be obtained at
http://www.rurdev.usda.gov/BCP_SSDPG.html or by contacting your USDA Rural
Development State Office. Contact information for State Offices can be found at
http://www.rurdev.usda.gov/recd_map.html.
FOR FURTHER INFORMATION CONTACT: Back to Top

Office of the Deputy Administrator, Cooperative Programs, Rural Business
--Cooperative Service, United States Department of Agriculture, 1400
Independence Avenue SW., Mail Stop-3250, Room 4016-South, Washington, DC
20250-3250, (202) 720-7558.
SUPPLEMENTARY INFORMATION: Back to Top
Overview Back to Top

Federal Agency Name: USDA Rural Business Cooperative Service.

Funding Opportunity Title: Small, Socially-Disadvantaged Producer Grant.

Announcement Type: Initial funding request.

Catalog of Federal Domestic Assistance Number: 10.771.

Dates: Application Deadline. You must submit your complete application by July
15, 2013, or it will not be considered for FY 2013 grant funding. Electronic
applications must be received by http://www.grants.gov no later than midnight
Eastern Time July 10, 2013, or it will not be considered for FY 2013 grant
funding.
I. Funding Opportunity Description Back to Top

The SSDPG Program is authorized by 310B(e) of the Consolidated Farm and Rural
Development Act (7 U.S.C. 1932). The primary objective of the SSDPG program is
to provide Technical Assistance to Small, Socially-Disadvantaged Agricultural
Producers. Grants are awarded on a competitive basis. The maximum award amount
per grant is $200,000. Grants are available for Cooperative Development Centers,
individual Cooperatives, or Groups of Cooperatives that serve
socially-disadvantaged groups and where a majority of the boards or directors or
governing board is comprised of members of socially-disadvantaged groups.
Definitions

Agency--Rural Business--Cooperative Service, an agency of the United States
Department of Agriculture (USDA) Rural Development or a successor agency.

Agricultural Commodity--An unprocessed product of farms, ranches, nurseries, and
forests. Agricultural commodities include: livestock, poultry, and fish; fruits
and vegetables; grains, such as wheat, barley, oats, rye, triticale, rice, corn,
and sorghum; legumes, such as field beans and peas; animal feed and forage
crops; seed crops; fiber crops, such as cotton; oil crops, such as safflower,
sunflower, corn, and cottonseed; trees grown for lumber and wood products;
nursery stock grown commercially; Christmas trees; ornamentals and cut flowers;
and turf grown commercially for sod. Agricultural commodities do not include
horses or animals raised as pets, such as cats, dogs, and ferrets.

Conflict of Interest--A situation in which the ability of a person or entity to
act impartially would be questionable due to competing professional or personal
interests. An example of conflict of interest occurs when the grantee's
employees, board of directors, including their immediate family, have a legal or
personal financial interest in the recipients receiving the benefits or services
of the grant. Another example of conflict of interest includes paying Small
Socially-Disadvantaged Producers to provide Technical Assistance to other Small
Socially-Disadvantaged Producers.

Cooperative--A farmer- or rancher-owned and-controlled business, organized and
chartered as a cooperative, from which benefits are derived and distributed
equitably on the basis of use by each of the farmer or rancher owners whose
primary focus is to provide assistance to Small, Socially-Disadvantaged
Agricultural Producers and where a majority of the board of directors or
governing board is comprised of individuals who are members of
socially-disadvantaged groups.

Cooperative Development Center--A nonprofit corporation or accredited
institution of higher education that is currently being operated by the grantee
for rural cooperative development and where a majority of the board of directors
or governing board is comprised of individuals who are members of
socially-disadvantaged groups. It may or may not be an independent legal entity
separate from the grantee. The Center's main objective is to assist Cooperatives
with their startup, expansion or operational improvement in order to promote
development in rural areas of services and products, processes that can be used
in the marketing of products, or enterprises that create Value-Added to farm
products through processing or marketing activities. Cooperative development
activities may include, but are not limited to, Technical Assistance, research
services, educational services and advisory services. Operational improvement
includes making the Cooperative more efficient or better managed.

Cooperative Services--The office within Rural Business-Cooperative Service, and
any successor organization, that administers programs authorized by the
Cooperative Marketing Act of 1926 (7 U.S.C. 451 et seq.) and such other programs
identified in USDA regulations.

Economic Development--The economic growth of an area as evidenced by increase in
total income, employment opportunities, decreased out-migration of population,
value of production, increased diversification of industry, higher labor force
participation rates, increased duration of employment, higher wage levels, or
gains in other measurements of economic activity, such as land values.

Feasibility Study--An analysis of the economic, market, technical, financial,
and management feasibility of a proposed Project.

Group of Cooperatives--A group of Cooperatives whose primary focus is to provide
assistance to Small, Socially-Disadvantaged Agricultural Producers and where a
majority of the board of directors or governing board is comprised of
individuals who are members of socially-disadvantaged groups.

Operating Cost--The day-to-day expenses of running a business; for example:
utilities, rent, salaries, depreciation, product production costs, marketing and
advertising, and other basic overhead items.

Project--Includes all activities to be funded by the Small
Socially-Disadvantaged Producer Grant.

Rural and Rural Area--Any area of a State:

(1) Not in a city or town that has a population of more than 50,000 inhabitants,
according to the latest decennial census of the United States; and

(2) The contiguous and adjacent urbanized area,

(3) Urbanized areas that are rural in character as defined by 7 U.S.C.
1991(a)(13), as amended by Section 6018 of the Food, Conservation, and Energy
Act of 2008, Public Law 110-246 (June 18, 2008).

(4) For the purposes of this definition, cities and towns are incorporated
population centers with definite boundaries, local self-government, and legal
powers set forth in a charter granted by the State. Notwithstanding any other
provision of this paragraph, within the areas of the County of Honolulu, Hawaii,
and the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico, the Secretary may designate any part of the
areas as a rural area if the Secretary determines that the part is not urban in
character, other than any area included in the Honolulu census designated place
(CDP) or the San Juan CDP.

Rural Development--A mission area within USDA consisting of the Office of Under
Secretary for Rural Development, Rural Business-Cooperative Services, Rural
Housing Service, and Rural Utilities Service and any successors.

Small, Socially-Disadvantaged Producer--Socially-Disadvantaged persons including
farmers, ranchers, loggers, agricultural harvesters, and fishermen, that have
averaged $250,000 or less in annual gross sales of agricultural products in the
last 3 years.

Socially-Disadvantaged Producer--Individual agricultural producer who is a
member of a group whose members have been subjected to racial, ethnic or gender
prejudice, without regard for their individual qualities.

State--Includes each of the 50 states, the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico, the
Virgin Islands of the United States, Guam, American Samoa, the Commonwealth of
the Northern Mariana Islands, and, as may be determined by the Secretary to be
feasible, appropriate and lawful, the Federated States of Micronesia, the
Republic of the Marshall Islands and the Republic of Palau.

Technical Assistance--An advisory service performed for the benefit of a Small,
Socially-Disadvantaged Producer such as market research; product and/or service
improvement; legal advice and assistance; Feasibility Study, business plan, and
marketing plan development; and training. Technical Assistance does not include
the Operating Costs of a cooperative being assisted.

Value-Added--The incremental value that is realized by the producer from an
agricultural commodity or product as the result of a change in its physical
state, differentiated production or marketing, as demonstrated in a business
plan, or product segregation. Incremental value may be realized by the producer
as a result of either an increase in value to buyers or the expansion of the
overall market for the product. Examples include milling wheat into flour,
slaughtering livestock or poultry, making strawberries into jam, and marketing
of organic products.
II. Award Information Back to Top

Type of Award: Grant.

Fiscal Year Funds: FY 2013.

Total Funding:$2,855,222.

Maximum Award:$200,000.

Project Period: 1 year.

Anticipated Award

LOAD-DATE: June 13, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             265 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            March 11, 2015 Wednesday

Washington: Inviting Applications for the Rural Economic Development Loan and
Grant Programs for Fiscal Year 2015

LENGTH: 2769  words

DATELINE: Washington


US Federal Register has published the following document:

[Federal Register Volume 80, Number 47 (Wednesday, March 11, 2015)]
[Notices]
[Pages 12795-12797]
From the Federal Register Online via the Government Printing Office
[www.gpo.gov]
[FR Doc No: 2015-05525]


-----------------------------------------------------------------------

DEPARTMENT OF AGRICULTURE

Rural Business-Cooperative Service


Inviting Applications for the Rural Economic Development Loan and
Grant Programs for Fiscal Year 2015

AGENCY: Rural Business-Cooperative Service, USDA.

ACTION: Notice.

-----------------------------------------------------------------------

SUMMARY: This Notice is to invite applications for loans and grants
under the Rural Economic Development Loan and Grant (REDLG) programs
pursuant to 7 CFR part 4280, subpart A for fiscal year (FY) 2015.
Funding to support $38.6 million in loans and $9.2 million in grants is
currently available. The commitment of program dollars will be made to
applicants of selected responses that have fulfilled the necessary
requirements for obligation.
 All applicants are responsible for any expenses incurred in
developing their applications.

DATES: Application Deadline: Completed applications must be received in
the United States Department of Agriculture (USDA) Rural Development
State Office no later than 4:30 p.m. (local time) on the last business
day of each month to be considered for funding in the following month
in FY 2015.

ADDRESSES: Submit applications in paper format to the USDA Rural
Development State Office for the State where the project is located. A
list of the USDA Rural Development State Office contacts can be found
at: http://www.rurdev.usda.gov/StateOfficeAddresses.html.

FOR FURTHER INFORMATION CONTACT: Kristi Kubista-Hovis at (202) 815-
1589, Kristi.Kubista-Hovis@wdc.usda.gov, and Cindy Mason at (202) 690-
1433, Cindy.Mason@wdc.usda.gov Please contact the USDA Rural
Development State Office in the State in which the project will be
located.

Overview

Solicitation Opportunity Type: Rural Economic Development Loans and
Grants.
 Announcement Type: Initial Announcement.
 Catalog of Federal Domestic Assistance Number: 10.854.
 Dates: Application Deadline: Completed applications must be
received in the USDA Rural Development State Office no later than 4:30
p.m. (local time) on the last business day of each month to be
considered for funding in the following month in FY 2015.

I. Funding Opportunity Description

A. Purpose of the Program. The purpose of the program is to promote
rural economic development and job creation projects.
 B. Statutory Authority. These programs are authorized under 7
U.S.C. 940c and 7 CFR part 4280, subpart A. Assistance provided to
rural areas, as defined, under this program may include business
startup costs, business expansion, business incubators, technical
assistance feasibility studies, advanced telecommunications services
and computer networks for medical, educational, and job training
services, and community facilities projects for economic development.
Awards are made on a competitive basis using specific selection
criteria contained in 7 CFR part 4280, subpart A. Information required
to be in the application includes an SF-424, ``Application for Federal
Assistance;'' a Resolution of the Board of Directors; AD-1047,
``Debarment/Suspension Certification;'' Assurance Statement for the
Uniform Act; Restrictions on Lobbying, AD-1049, ``Certification
Regarding Drug-Free Workplace Requirements;'' Form

[[Page 12796]]

RD 400-1, ``Equal Opportunity Agreement;'' Form RD 400-4, ``Assurance
Agreement;'' Seismic Certification (if construction); paperwork
required in accordance with 7 CFR 1940, subpart G, ``Environmental
Program.'' If the proposal involves new construction; large increases
in employment; hazardous waste; a change in use, size, capacity,
purpose or location from an original facility; or is publicly
controversial, the following is required: Form RD 1940-20, ``Request
for Environmental Information;'' RUS Form 7, ``Financial and
Statistical Report;'' and RUS Form 7a, ``Investments, Loan Guarantees,
and Loans,'' or similar information; and written narrative of project
description. Applications will be tentatively scored by the State
Offices and submitted to the National Office for review.
 C. Definition of Terms. The definitions applicable to this Notice
are published at 7 CFR 4280.3.
 D. Application Awards. The Agency will review, evaluate, and score
applications received in response to this Notice based on the
provisions found in 7 CFR part 4280, subpart A, and as indicated in
this Notice. However, the Agency advises all interested parties that
the applicant bears the burden in preparing and submitting an
application in response to this Notice whether or not funding is
appropriated for these programs in FY 2015.

II. Award Information

Type of Awards: Loans and Grants.
 Fiscal Year Funds: FY 2015.
 Available Funds: Loans: $38.6 million; Grants: $9.2 million.
 Maximum Award: The Agency anticipates the following maximum amounts
per award: Loans--$1,000,000; Grants--$300,000.
 Application Dates: The last business day of each month to be
considered for funding in the following month in FY 2015.
 Award Dates: The last business day of the month following the month
in which application was received. Applications will be received
monthly.

III. Eligibility Information

A. Eligible Applicants

Loans and grants may be made to any entity that is identified by
USDA Rural Development as an eligible borrower under the Rural
Electrification Act of 1936, as amended (Act). In accordance with 7 CFR
4280.13, applicants that are not delinquent on any Federal debt or
otherwise disqualified from participation in these programs are
eligible to apply. An applicant must be eligible under 7 U.S.C. 940c.
Notwithstanding any other provision of law, any former Rural Utilities
Service borrower that has repaid or prepaid an insured, direct or
guaranteed loan under the Act, or any not-for-profit utility that is
eligible to receive an insured or direct loan under such Act shall be
eligible for assistance under section 313(b)(2)(B) of such Act in the
same manner as a borrower under such Act. All other restrictions in
this Notice will apply.

B. Cost Sharing or Matching

For loans, either the Ultimate Recipient or the Intermediary must
provide supplemental funds for the project equal to at least 20 percent
of the loan to the Intermediary. For grants, the Intermediary must
establish a Revolving Loan Fund and contribute an amount equal to at
least 20 percent of the Grant. The supplemental contribution must come
from Intermediary's funds which may not be from other Federal Grants,
unless permitted by law.

C. Other Eligibility Requirements

Applications will only be accepted for projects that promote rural
economic development and job creation.

D. Completeness Eligibility

Applications will not be considered for funding if they do not
provide sufficient information to determine eligibility or are missing
required elements.

IV. Fiscal Year 2015 Application and Submission Information:

A. Address To Request Application Package

For further information, entities wishing to apply for assistance
should contact the Rural Development State Office identified in this
Notice to obtain copies of the application package.
 Applicants are encouraged to submit grant applications through the
Grants.gov Web site at: http://www.grants.gov. Grant applications may
be submitted in either electronic or paper format. Loan applications
must be submitted via paper to the State Office. Applications may not
be submitted by electronic mail.
 When you enter the Grants.gov Web site, you will find
information about submitting an application electronically through the
site, as well as the hours of operation. USDA Rural Development
strongly recommends that you do not wait until the application deadline
date to begin the application process through Grants.gov. To use
Grants.gov, applicants must have a Dun and Bradstreet Data Universal
Numbering System (DUNS) number which can be obtained at no cost via a
toll-free request line at 1-866-705-5711 or at http://fedgov.dnb.com/webform.
 You may submit all documents electronically through the
Web site, including all information typically included on the
application for REDLGs and all necessary assurances and certifications.
 After electronically submitting an application through the
Web site, the applicant will receive an automatic acknowledgement from
Grants.gov that contains a Grants.gov tracking number.
 USDA Rural Development may request that the applicant
provide original signatures on forms at a later date.
 If applicants experience technical difficulties on the
closing date and are unable to meet the deadline, you may submit a
paper copy of your application to your respective Rural Development
State Office. Paper applications submitted to a Rural Development State
Office must meet the closing date and local time deadline.
 Please note that applicants must locate the downloadable
application package for this program by the Catalog of Federal Domestic
Assistance Number or FedGrants Funding Opportunity Number, which can be
found at http://www.grants.gov.

B. Content and Form of Submission

An application must contain all of the required elements. Each
selection priority criterion outlined in 7 CFR 4280.42(b) must be
addressed in the application. Failure to address any of the criteria
will result in a zero-point score for that criterion and will impact
the overall evaluation of the application. Copies of 7 CFR part 4280,
subpart A, will be provided to any interested applicant making a
request to a Rural Development State Office. An original copy of the
application must be filed with the Rural Development State Office for
the State where the Intermediary is located.

C. Submission Dates and Times

Application Dates: No later than 4:30 p.m. (local time) on the last
business day of each month to be considered for funding in the
following month.
 Explanation of Dates: Applications must be in the USDA Rural
Development State Office by the dates as indicated above.

V. Application Review Information

A. Criteria

All eligible and complete applications will be evaluated and scored
based on the selection criteria and weights

[[Page 12797]]

contained in 7 CFR part 4280, subpart A. Failure to address any one of
the criteria by the application deadline will result in the application
being determined ineligible, and the application will not be considered
for funding.
 Rural Development is encouraging applications for projects that
will support rural areas where according to the American Community
Survey data by census tracts show at least 20 percent of the population
is living in rural poverty. This emphasis will support Rural
Development's mission of improving the quality of life for Rural
Americans and commitment to directing resources to those who most need
them.

B. Review and Selection Process

The State Offices will review applications to determine if they are
eligible for assistance based on requirements contained in 7 CFR part
4280, subpart A. If determined eligible, your application will be
submitted to the National Office. Funding of projects is subject to the
Intermediary's satisfactory submission of the additional items required
by that subpart and the USDA Rural Development Letter of Conditions.

VI. Award Administration Information

A. Award Notices

Successful applicants will receive notification for funding from
the Rural Development State Office. Applicants must comply with all
applicable statutes and regulations before the loan/grant award can be
approved. Provided the application and eligibility requirements have
not changed, an application not selected will be reconsidered in three
subsequent funding competitions for a total of four competitions. If an
application is withdrawn, it can be resubmitted and will be evaluated
as a new application.

B. Administrative and National Policy Requirements

Additional requirements that apply to Intermediary's selected for
this program can be found in 7 CFR part 4280, subpart A. The U.S.
Department of Agriculture and the Agency are adopting the new U.S.
Department of Agriculture grant regulation at 2 CFR chapter IV. This
regulation incorporates the new Office of Management and Budget (OMB)
regulations 2 CFR 200 and 2 CFR 400.1 to 400.18 for monitoring and
servicing REDLG funding.

C. Reporting

In addition to any reports required by 2 CFR 200 and 2 CFR 400.1 to
400.18, the Intermediary must provide reports as required by 7 CFR part
4280, subpart A.

VII. Agency Contacts

For general questions about this announcement, please contact your
USDA Rural Development State Office provided in the ADDRESSES section
of this Notice.

VIII. Paperwork Reduction Act

In accordance with the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995, the
information collection requirement contained in this Notice is approved
by OMB under OMB Control Number 0570-0024.

IX. National Environmental Policy Act

This Notice has been reviewed in accordance with 7 CFR part 1940,
subpart G, ``Environmental Program.'' Rural Development has determined
that the Environmental Impact Statement is not required because the
issuance of regulations and instructions, as well as amendments to
them, describing administrative and financial procedures for
processing, approving, and implementing the Agency's financial programs
is categorically excluded in the Agency's National Environmental Policy
Act (NEPA) regulation found at 7 CFR part 1940.310(e)(3) of Subpart G,
Environmental Program. Thus, in accordance with the NEPA of 1969 (42
U.S.C. 4321-4347), Rural Development has determined that this notice
does not constitute a major Federal action significantly affecting the
quality of the human environment; however, Rural Development will
conduct individual NEPA analyses on a project-by-project basis whenever
warranted.

X. Federal Funding Accountability and Transparency Act

All applicants, in accordance with 2 CFR part 25, must have a DUNS
number, which can be obtained at no cost via a toll-free request line
at 1-866-705-5711 or online at http://fedgov.dnb.com/webform.
Similarly, all grant applicants must be registered in the System for
Award Management (SAM) prior to submitting an application. Applicants
may register for the SAM at http://www.sam.gov. All recipients of
Federal financial grant assistance are required to report information
about first-tier sub-awards and executive total compensation in
accordance with 2 CFR part 170.

XI. Nondiscrimination Statement

The U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA) prohibits discrimination
against its customers, employees, and applicants for employment on the
bases of race, color, national origin, age, disability, sex, gender
identity, religion, reprisal, and where applicable, political beliefs,
marital status, familial or parental status, sexual orientation, or all
or part of an individual's income is derived from any public assistance
program, or protected genetic information in employment or in any
program or activity conducted or funded by the Department. (Not all
prohibited bases will apply to all programs and/or employment
activities.)
 If you wish to file a Civil Rights program complaint of
discrimination, complete the USDA Program Discrimination Complaint Form
(PDF), found online at http://www.ascr.usda.gov/complaint_filing_cust.html, or
at any USDA office, or call (866) 632-
9992 to request the form. You may also write a letter containing all of
the information requested in the form. Send your completed complaint
form or letter to us by mail at U.S. Department of Agriculture,
Director, Office of Adjudication, 1400 Independence Avenue SW.,
Washington, DC 20250-9410, by fax (202) 690-7442 or email at
program.intake@usda.gov
 Individuals who are deaf, hard of hearing, or have speech
disabilities and wish to file either an EEO or program complaint may
contact USDA through the Federal Relay Service at (800) 877-8339 or
(800) 845-6136 (in Spanish).
 Persons with disabilities, who wish to file a program complaint,
please see information above on how to contact us by mail directly or
by email. If you require alternative means of communication for program
information (e.g., Braille, large print, audiotape, etc.) please
contact USDA's TARGET Center at (202) 720-2600 (voice and TDD).

Dated: February 27, 2015.
Lillian E. Salerno,
Administrator, Rural Business--Cooperative Service.
[FR Doc. 2015-05525 Filed 3-10-15; 8:45 am]
 BILLING CODE 3410-XY-P


In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: May 6, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             266 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                Hull Daily Mail

                                October 27, 1998

New life for old buildings in country

SECTION: Business: Development, Pg.9

LENGTH: 170 words


A GOVERNMENT agency is offering grants to turn empty buildings into workplaces
to help regenerate the rural economy in East Yorkshire.

The Rural Development Commission will provide grants of up to 25 per cent of the
cost of doing up buildings for industrial use.

Andy Tordoff, the commission's business development officer in Yorkshire and the
Humber region, said: "The environmental advantages in transforming existing
redundant buldings are significant."

Old schools, chapels, farms, former workshops and factories all qualify for
grant aid.

"Virtually any building can be eligible in a rural development area but the key
is that it must be used for business purposes," said Mr Tordoff.
Applications have to be made before work starts and can be made by businesses,
                  co-operatives, charitable trusts, partnerships or individuals.


For details write to Andy Tordoff or Claire Jackson at the Rural Development
Commission Regional Office, Spitfire House, Aviator Court, Clifton Moor, York
YO30 4GR.

LOAD-DATE: October 28, 1998

LANGUAGE: English

                         Copyright 1998 Hull Daily Mail


                             267 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            October 4, 2016 Tuesday

Washington: FACT SHEET: The White House Rural Forum

LENGTH: 1857  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: United States Department of Agriculture has issued the following
news release:



  Tomorrow, on Wednesday, October 5, the White House will host the White House
Rural Forum, convening rural policy, business, and nonprofit leaders to Penn
State University in State College, PA, and announcing new Administration actions
in support of rural America. At tomorrow's convening, Agriculture Secretary Tom
Vilsack, Chair of the White House Rural Council, and Pennsylvania Governor Tom
Wolf will lead discussions on pertinent issues facing rural communities,
including opportunities for economic growth and strategies for improving health
care and housing. Secretary Vilsack will also urge lawmakers and the private
sector, foundations, and nonprofits to recognize opportunities in America's
rural communities to ensure continued social and economic progress.





 Significant gains have been made across rural America: Rural household income
climbed 3.4 percent in 2015, and overall poverty and food insecurity fell
dramatically, rural populations have begun to rebound, and non-metro areas have
added more than 250,000 jobs since 2014, while the share of rural Americans
without health insurance is now at an all-time low.



 Established by President Obama in 2011, the White House Rural Council
coordinates the Administration's efforts in rural America by streamlining and
improving the effectiveness of federal programs, engaging stakeholders on
priority issues, and coordinating private sector partnerships to create economic
opportunity and improve the quality of life.



 Building on the work of the White House Rural Council, today the Administration
and non-Federal organizations are announcing new investments and highlighting
programs to support continued progress in rural America, including:



     $3 Billion Invested in Rural Infrastructure Projects: In 2014, USDA
launched a public-private partnership with Capitol Peak Asset Management and
CoBank, a national cooperative bank and member of the Farm Credit System. Since
2014, more than $3 billion in private sector funding has been lent to over 400
financings of projects in the power, water, communications and community
facilities industries.

     $7.7 Million in New Grants to Bring Broadband to 6 Unserved Communities:
USDA's Community Connect program provides funding for broadband deployment into
unserved areas. Since 2009, USDA Rural Development broadband programs have
helped bring high-speed Internet access to nearly 6 million rural residents and
businesses.

     $24.4 Million to Fund 80 New Efforts to Support Rural Businesses: Since
2009, USDA has invested $11 billion to start or expand 103,000 rural businesses;
helped 1.1 million rural residents buy homes; funded nearly 7,000 community
facilities such as schools, public safety and health care facilities; and
financed 180,000 miles of electric transmission and distribution lines. New
investments announced today:

     $10.9 million invested in 15 new Rural Economic Development Loan (REDL) and
Grant (REDG) projects: Under the REDLoan and REDGrant programs, USDA provides
zero interest loans and grants to local utilities which they, in turn, pass
through to local businesses (ultimate recipients) for projects that will create
and retain employment in rural areas.

     $9.1 million invested in 15 new Intermediary Relending Program (IRP)
projects: Under the IRP program, loans are provided to local organizations
(intermediaries) for the establishment of revolving loan funds. These revolving
loan funds are used to assist with financing business and economic development
activity to create or retain jobs in disadvantaged and remote communities.
Intermediaries are encouraged to work in concert with partners who can provide
complimentary resources.

     $1.2 million invested in 4 new Rural Micro-entrepreneur Assistance Program
(RMAP) projects: RMAP provides loans and grants to Microenterprise Development
Organizations (MDOs) to help micro-entrepreneurs - very small businesses with 10
or fewer employees - access capital to start or grow businesses. MDOs use the
funds to provide training and technical assistance to small businesses or to
establish revolving loan funds that provide micro-loans, typically $5,000 to
$50,000, to rural micro-entrepreneurs.

     $3.2 million invested in 46 new Rural Business Development Grant (RBDG)
projects: RBDG is a competitive grant designed to support targeted technical
assistance, training and other activities leading to the development or
expansion of small and emerging private businesses in rural areas that have
fewer than 50 employees and less than $1 million in gross revenues.

     Grants to Increase Rural Veterans' Access to Health Care: The Department of
Veterans Affairs (VA) Office of Rural Health is awarding $215 million in grants
for FY2017 to 138 VA Medical Centers to prioritize rural programs to increase
access to health care services impacting approximately 570,000 rural Veterans
and approximately 800 rural providers and health care staff. These grants will
support the implementation of proven models of care delivery in rural serving
clinics. Programs enhancing Primary Care, Mental Health Care, Specialty Care and
Enabling Services will be available in VA clinic locations where these were not
previously available.

     Investing in volunteer service to address the opioid crisis in Rural
America: The Corporation for National and Community Service (CNCS) will provide
up to 19 AmeriCorps program development grants to states and their governors'
service commissions to address the growing opioid crisis in America, including
in rural areas of affected States. AmeriCorps VISTA just announced that one of
its FY2017 priorities for applications is to have members promote opioid
addiction recovery. Last year, CNCS invested $220 million in programs that help
rural communities address their biggest challenges. More than 190,000 AmeriCorps
and SeniorCorps members served their rural neighbors in every state through
tasks like tutoring children, building or repairing homes, and providing
nutritious meals.

     Rural IMPACT Demonstration pilot program: The Rural Integration Models for
Parents and Children to Thrive (Rural IMPACT) Demonstration Project helps
communities adopt a two-generation approach to addressing the needs of both
vulnerable children and their parents, with the goal of increasing parents'
employment and education and improving the health and well-being of their
children and families. The project, led by HHS in collaboration with USDA, the
Department of Labor (DOL), CNCS, the Appalachian Regional Commission, the Delta
Regional Authority, the Annie E. Casey Foundation, W.K. Kellogg Foundation and
other philanthropic partners selected 10 local and tribal communities to receive
interagency technical assistance and capacity-building resources to reduce child
poverty. Today, USDA and CNCS are pleased to announce that AmeriCorps VISTA
members will be placed in all 10 Rural IMPACT communities for a second year.

     Economic Development Planning Assistance for Rural Communities: Several
agencies including the Environmental Protection Agency (EPA), USDA, the
Departments of Transportation, Housing and Urban Development, and Health and
Human Services, the Economic Development Administration, the Appalachian
Regional Commission, and the Delta Regional Authority, is launching Rural
Advantage, offering planning assistance to help up to 30 rural communities grow
their economies and revitalize downtown neighborhoods. Rural Advantage joins a
suite of Federal economic development planning assistance programs for rural
communities that include:

     Local Foods, Local Places, which helps communities leverage local food
enterprise to diversify their economy and renew their downtowns;

     Cool & Connected, which helps communities use broadband service to create
walkable, connected, economically successful neighborhoods; and

     Healthy Places for Healthy People, a new program that will help communities
use centrally located health care facilities to promote community development
and active living.



 Communities interested in assistance are invited to apply by November 6th.



     Health Information Technology Investments: HHS's Health Resources and
Services Administration (HRSA) is investing approximately $36 million in
rurally-located health centers to support strategic investments in Health
Information Technology. The investments will help health centers enhance their
health IT and better prepare providers and staff to use health IT and data.

     Investments to Address Chronic Diseases: HRSA is investing $2 million to
support rural primary care providers, such as critical access hospitals and
rural health clinics, to plan and implement quality improvement activities such
as medication management, to address chronic diseases including diabetes,
cardiovascular disease, and obesity.

     Community Coaches to Help Rural Leaders Tackle Child Poverty: The Robert
Wood Johnson Foundation and the University of Wisconsin are providing Community
Coaches to ten innovative communities participating in the Rural Impact County
ChallengeThis is an external link or third-party site outside of the United
States Department of Agriculture (USDA) website., an initiative led by the White
House Rural Council and the National Association of Counties to address rural
child poverty. Coaches will work directly with selected communities' leaders and
multi-sector teams to address factors that contribute to child poverty.

     Investments in Rural Teacher Preparation Programs: As part of its Teacher
Quality Partnership Grants Program, the Department of Education is investing
nearly $15 million over five years to develop teacher preparation programs at
higher education institutions that partner with high-need schools to help train
new and experienced teachers.

     Release of "Rural Strategies that Work": The White House Rural Council is
releasing a memorandum entitled Rural Strategies that Work, which presents
strategies for Federal work in rural America that have resulted in improved
outcomes over the course of the Obama Administration. Authored by Secretary
Vilsack, Office and Management and Budget Director Shaun Donovan, Domestic
Policy Director Cecilia Muñoz and National Economic Council Director Jeff
Zients, the memorandum presents policies and administrative actions that
increase rural communities' ability to access and leverage local and Federal
resources.

     Highlighting the accomplishments of the White House Rural Council:
Secretary Vilsack is publishing a new Medium PostThis is an external link or
third-party site outside of the United States Department of Agriculture (USDA)
website. that highlights the work of the White House Rural Council and the
organizations with which it works. The post contains stories and videos of
Federal-local collaborations to drive economic growth, improve rural quality of
life, and expand access to healthcare in rural America.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:

 editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 4, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             268 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            October 4, 2016 Tuesday

Washington: FACT SHEET: The White House Rural Forum

LENGTH: 1857  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: United States Department of Agriculture has issued the following
news release:



  Tomorrow, on Wednesday, October 5, the White House will host the White House
Rural Forum, convening rural policy, business, and nonprofit leaders to Penn
State University in State College, PA, and announcing new Administration actions
in support of rural America. At tomorrow's convening, Agriculture Secretary Tom
Vilsack, Chair of the White House Rural Council, and Pennsylvania Governor Tom
Wolf will lead discussions on pertinent issues facing rural communities,
including opportunities for economic growth and strategies for improving health
care and housing. Secretary Vilsack will also urge lawmakers and the private
sector, foundations, and nonprofits to recognize opportunities in America's
rural communities to ensure continued social and economic progress.





 Significant gains have been made across rural America: Rural household income
climbed 3.4 percent in 2015, and overall poverty and food insecurity fell
dramatically, rural populations have begun to rebound, and non-metro areas have
added more than 250,000 jobs since 2014, while the share of rural Americans
without health insurance is now at an all-time low.



 Established by President Obama in 2011, the White House Rural Council
coordinates the Administration's efforts in rural America by streamlining and
improving the effectiveness of federal programs, engaging stakeholders on
priority issues, and coordinating private sector partnerships to create economic
opportunity and improve the quality of life.



 Building on the work of the White House Rural Council, today the Administration
and non-Federal organizations are announcing new investments and highlighting
programs to support continued progress in rural America, including:



     $3 Billion Invested in Rural Infrastructure Projects: In 2014, USDA
launched a public-private partnership with Capitol Peak Asset Management and
CoBank, a national cooperative bank and member of the Farm Credit System. Since
2014, more than $3 billion in private sector funding has been lent to over 400
financings of projects in the power, water, communications and community
facilities industries.

     $7.7 Million in New Grants to Bring Broadband to 6 Unserved Communities:
USDA's Community Connect program provides funding for broadband deployment into
unserved areas. Since 2009, USDA Rural Development broadband programs have
helped bring high-speed Internet access to nearly 6 million rural residents and
businesses.

     $24.4 Million to Fund 80 New Efforts to Support Rural Businesses: Since
2009, USDA has invested $11 billion to start or expand 103,000 rural businesses;
helped 1.1 million rural residents buy homes; funded nearly 7,000 community
facilities such as schools, public safety and health care facilities; and
financed 180,000 miles of electric transmission and distribution lines. New
investments announced today:

     $10.9 million invested in 15 new Rural Economic Development Loan (REDL) and
Grant (REDG) projects: Under the REDLoan and REDGrant programs, USDA provides
zero interest loans and grants to local utilities which they, in turn, pass
through to local businesses (ultimate recipients) for projects that will create
and retain employment in rural areas.

     $9.1 million invested in 15 new Intermediary Relending Program (IRP)
projects: Under the IRP program, loans are provided to local organizations
(intermediaries) for the establishment of revolving loan funds. These revolving
loan funds are used to assist with financing business and economic development
activity to create or retain jobs in disadvantaged and remote communities.
Intermediaries are encouraged to work in concert with partners who can provide
complimentary resources.

     $1.2 million invested in 4 new Rural Micro-entrepreneur Assistance Program
(RMAP) projects: RMAP provides loans and grants to Microenterprise Development
Organizations (MDOs) to help micro-entrepreneurs - very small businesses with 10
or fewer employees - access capital to start or grow businesses. MDOs use the
funds to provide training and technical assistance to small businesses or to
establish revolving loan funds that provide micro-loans, typically $5,000 to
$50,000, to rural micro-entrepreneurs.

     $3.2 million invested in 46 new Rural Business Development Grant (RBDG)
projects: RBDG is a competitive grant designed to support targeted technical
assistance, training and other activities leading to the development or
expansion of small and emerging private businesses in rural areas that have
fewer than 50 employees and less than $1 million in gross revenues.

     Grants to Increase Rural Veterans' Access to Health Care: The Department of
Veterans Affairs (VA) Office of Rural Health is awarding $215 million in grants
for FY2017 to 138 VA Medical Centers to prioritize rural programs to increase
access to health care services impacting approximately 570,000 rural Veterans
and approximately 800 rural providers and health care staff. These grants will
support the implementation of proven models of care delivery in rural serving
clinics. Programs enhancing Primary Care, Mental Health Care, Specialty Care and
Enabling Services will be available in VA clinic locations where these were not
previously available.

     Investing in volunteer service to address the opioid crisis in Rural
America: The Corporation for National and Community Service (CNCS) will provide
up to 19 AmeriCorps program development grants to states and their governors'
service commissions to address the growing opioid crisis in America, including
in rural areas of affected States. AmeriCorps VISTA just announced that one of
its FY2017 priorities for applications is to have members promote opioid
addiction recovery. Last year, CNCS invested $220 million in programs that help
rural communities address their biggest challenges. More than 190,000 AmeriCorps
and SeniorCorps members served their rural neighbors in every state through
tasks like tutoring children, building or repairing homes, and providing
nutritious meals.

     Rural IMPACT Demonstration pilot program: The Rural Integration Models for
Parents and Children to Thrive (Rural IMPACT) Demonstration Project helps
communities adopt a two-generation approach to addressing the needs of both
vulnerable children and their parents, with the goal of increasing parents'
employment and education and improving the health and well-being of their
children and families. The project, led by HHS in collaboration with USDA, the
Department of Labor (DOL), CNCS, the Appalachian Regional Commission, the Delta
Regional Authority, the Annie E. Casey Foundation, W.K. Kellogg Foundation and
other philanthropic partners selected 10 local and tribal communities to receive
interagency technical assistance and capacity-building resources to reduce child
poverty. Today, USDA and CNCS are pleased to announce that AmeriCorps VISTA
members will be placed in all 10 Rural IMPACT communities for a second year.

     Economic Development Planning Assistance for Rural Communities: Several
agencies including the Environmental Protection Agency (EPA), USDA, the
Departments of Transportation, Housing and Urban Development, and Health and
Human Services, the Economic Development Administration, the Appalachian
Regional Commission, and the Delta Regional Authority, is launching Rural
Advantage, offering planning assistance to help up to 30 rural communities grow
their economies and revitalize downtown neighborhoods. Rural Advantage joins a
suite of Federal economic development planning assistance programs for rural
communities that include:

     Local Foods, Local Places, which helps communities leverage local food
enterprise to diversify their economy and renew their downtowns;

     Cool & Connected, which helps communities use broadband service to create
walkable, connected, economically successful neighborhoods; and

     Healthy Places for Healthy People, a new program that will help communities
use centrally located health care facilities to promote community development
and active living.



 Communities interested in assistance are invited to apply by November 6th.



     Health Information Technology Investments: HHS's Health Resources and
Services Administration (HRSA) is investing approximately $36 million in
rurally-located health centers to support strategic investments in Health
Information Technology. The investments will help health centers enhance their
health IT and better prepare providers and staff to use health IT and data.

     Investments to Address Chronic Diseases: HRSA is investing $2 million to
support rural primary care providers, such as critical access hospitals and
rural health clinics, to plan and implement quality improvement activities such
as medication management, to address chronic diseases including diabetes,
cardiovascular disease, and obesity.

     Community Coaches to Help Rural Leaders Tackle Child Poverty: The Robert
Wood Johnson Foundation and the University of Wisconsin are providing Community
Coaches to ten innovative communities participating in the Rural Impact County
ChallengeThis is an external link or third-party site outside of the United
States Department of Agriculture (USDA) website., an initiative led by the White
House Rural Council and the National Association of Counties to address rural
child poverty. Coaches will work directly with selected communities' leaders and
multi-sector teams to address factors that contribute to child poverty.

     Investments in Rural Teacher Preparation Programs: As part of its Teacher
Quality Partnership Grants Program, the Department of Education is investing
nearly $15 million over five years to develop teacher preparation programs at
higher education institutions that partner with high-need schools to help train
new and experienced teachers.

     Release of "Rural Strategies that Work": The White House Rural Council is
releasing a memorandum entitled Rural Strategies that Work, which presents
strategies for Federal work in rural America that have resulted in improved
outcomes over the course of the Obama Administration. Authored by Secretary
Vilsack, Office and Management and Budget Director Shaun Donovan, Domestic
Policy Director Cecilia Muñoz and National Economic Council Director Jeff
Zients, the memorandum presents policies and administrative actions that
increase rural communities' ability to access and leverage local and Federal
resources.

     Highlighting the accomplishments of the White House Rural Council:
Secretary Vilsack is publishing a new Medium PostThis is an external link or
third-party site outside of the United States Department of Agriculture (USDA)
website. that highlights the work of the White House Rural Council and the
organizations with which it works. The post contains stories and videos of
Federal-local collaborations to drive economic growth, improve rural quality of
life, and expand access to healthcare in rural America.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:

 editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 5, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             269 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                          The Johnson Pioneer (Kansas)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                  June 4, 2015

USDA Seeks Applications To Expand Economic Development In Rural Communities

BYLINE: The Johnson Pioneer staff

LENGTH: 301  words


USDA Rural Development State Director Patty Clark announced that USDA is seeking
applications for grants to support rural community economic development.

Approximately $4 million is being made available under the Rural Community
Development Initiative (RCDI) program. Eligible applicants include public,
private, and non-profit intermediaries, and federally recognized tribes.

"USDA supports regional projects that build the capacity of rural Kansas
communities, and help spur community and economic development," said Clark.
"Through the RCDI program, USDA can provide technical assistance to rural
communities to build resilient rural regions in Kansas."

RCDI grants can be used to provide training or technical assistance. Training
may focus on home ownership education, minority business entrepreneurship,
strategic community planning or accessing alternative funding sources.
Intermediary organizations must provide matching funds at least equal to the
RCDI grant. Grants range from $50,000 to $250,000.

USDA has invested more than $33 million through the RCDI program since 2009. In
2011, The Kansas Center for Entrepreneurship received a $200,000 grant for
technical assistance and training to assist Marion, Wichita, Greenwood, Greeley,
Chase, and Norton counties The assistance included community and entrepreneur
coaching, succession planning for businesses, and the education and recruitment
of potential angel investors. The technical assistance helped to create new
leadership capacity, capital creation, and increased connectivity to local,
regional, state, and national resources.

For information on how to apply, contact USDA Rural Development Community
Programs Specialist in Kansas, Janette Womack at (785) 271-2742 or
janette.womack@ks.usda.gov Applications must be submitted by August 13, 2015.

LOAD-DATE: May 21, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Economy

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: JON

                      Copyright 2015 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                       Copyright 2015 The Johnson Pioneer


                             270 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           October 30, 2014 Thursday

Nevada: Agriculture Secretary Announces Funding to Strengthen Rural Businesses
and Cooperatives and Boost Economic Development in Rural Communities

LENGTH: 736  words

DATELINE: Carson City


United States Department of Agriculture, The State of Nevada has issued the
following news release:

Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack today announced the selection of 43
organizations in 27 states for grants and loans to help create jobs and boost
economic development activity in rural areas. The announcement culminates a week
in which the department has been highlighting products that are Made In Rural
America.

"Many rural businesses and organizations are succeeding but with access to
additional resources can create more jobs, promote growth and create an
environment where more products can be made in rural America," Vilsack said.
"The awards we are announcing today will not only provide funding, but they also
will provide the critical training and technical assistance rural cooperatives
and non-profit groups need to enhance the work they are doing to strengthen
America's Main Street businesses."

The funding is being provided through the U.S. Department of Agriculture's Rural
Cooperative Development Grant (RCDG) program and the Intermediary Relending
Program. Vilsack announced $5.8 million in RCDG awards to 32 recipients, and
just over $7 million in loans to 11 recipients under USDA's Intermediary
Relending Program. Funding is contingent upon the recipient meeting the terms of
the loan or grant agreement.

Rural Cooperative Development Grants are being awarded to non-profit groups and
higher education institutions. The recipients will use the funds to operate
centers to develop or expand rural businesses, especially cooperatives and
mutually-owned businesses. The funding can be used to conduct feasibility
studies, create and implement business plans, offer technical assistance,
establish low-interest loans, and help rural businesses develop new markets for
their products and services.

Today's announcement of RCDG recipients includes several who are developing new
opportunities for rural farmers and ranchers by capitalizing on the fast-growing
market for locally produced food.

For example, the Virginia Foundation for Agriculture, Innovation and Rural
Sustainability will receive a $200,000 technical assistance grant to help meat
processing cooperatives link producers with local and regional consumers.
Funding will also be used to provide education and training. The Cooperative
Network in Wisconsin is receiving a $200,000 grant to help establish
cooperatives focusing on health care, local foods and senior housing. Funds will
also be used to help Native American tribal members form a cooperative.

In North Carolina, the Rural Advancement Foundation International-USA will
receive a $200,000 grant to launch a program on agricultural cooperatives.
Funding will be used to provide technical assistance to groups in rural North
Carolina, South Carolina, northern Florida, and eastern Kentucky. Since fiscal
year 2009, USDA has awarded 200 RCDG grants for approximately $38.4 million that
have helped more than 2,500 businesses.

USDA's Intermediary Relending Program helps capitalize loan funds to alleviate
poverty and increase economic activity and create jobs in rural communities.
Loans are provided to local organizations that establish revolving loan funds.

For example, the Vermont Community Loan Fund, in Montpelier, will receive a $1
million loan to help 90 organizations and businesses create and retain nearly
900 jobs. The Nebraska Enterprise Fund will receive a $175,558 loan to help
businesses and non-profit organizations in Adams, Buffalo, Custer, Dawson, Hall,
Hamilton, Kearney, Keith, Lincoln, Merrick, Phelps, Sherman, Valley and York
counties in the south central region of the state. In South Dakota, the West
River Foundation will use a $750,000 loan to provide low-interest financing to
public and non-profit organizations. This is expected to create or save
approximately 100 jobs.

Since fiscal year 2009, USDA has awarded 281 IRP loans for approximately $140
million. These loans have helped more than 4,700 businesses.

President Obama's historic investments in rural America have made our rural
communities stronger. Under his leadership, these investments in housing,
community facilities, businesses and infrastructure have empowered rural America
to continue leading the way - strengthening America's economy, small towns and
rural communities.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.come

LOAD-DATE: October 31, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             271 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           October 29, 2014 Wednesday

Nevada: Agriculture Secretary Announces Funding to Strengthen Rural Businesses
and Cooperatives and Boost Economic Development in Rural Communities

LENGTH: 736  words

DATELINE: Carson City


United States Department of Agriculture, The State of Nevada has issued the
following news release:

Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack today announced the selection of 43
organizations in 27 states for grants and loans to help create jobs and boost
economic development activity in rural areas. The announcement culminates a week
in which the department has been highlighting products that are Made In Rural
America.

"Many rural businesses and organizations are succeeding but with access to
additional resources can create more jobs, promote growth and create an
environment where more products can be made in rural America," Vilsack said.
"The awards we are announcing today will not only provide funding, but they also
will provide the critical training and technical assistance rural cooperatives
and non-profit groups need to enhance the work they are doing to strengthen
America's Main Street businesses."

The funding is being provided through the U.S. Department of Agriculture's Rural
Cooperative Development Grant (RCDG) program and the Intermediary Relending
Program. Vilsack announced $5.8 million in RCDG awards to 32 recipients, and
just over $7 million in loans to 11 recipients under USDA's Intermediary
Relending Program. Funding is contingent upon the recipient meeting the terms of
the loan or grant agreement.

Rural Cooperative Development Grants are being awarded to non-profit groups and
higher education institutions. The recipients will use the funds to operate
centers to develop or expand rural businesses, especially cooperatives and
mutually-owned businesses. The funding can be used to conduct feasibility
studies, create and implement business plans, offer technical assistance,
establish low-interest loans, and help rural businesses develop new markets for
their products and services.

Today's announcement of RCDG recipients includes several who are developing new
opportunities for rural farmers and ranchers by capitalizing on the fast-growing
market for locally produced food.

For example, the Virginia Foundation for Agriculture, Innovation and Rural
Sustainability will receive a $200,000 technical assistance grant to help meat
processing cooperatives link producers with local and regional consumers.
Funding will also be used to provide education and training. The Cooperative
Network in Wisconsin is receiving a $200,000 grant to help establish
cooperatives focusing on health care, local foods and senior housing. Funds will
also be used to help Native American tribal members form a cooperative.

In North Carolina, the Rural Advancement Foundation International-USA will
receive a $200,000 grant to launch a program on agricultural cooperatives.
Funding will be used to provide technical assistance to groups in rural North
Carolina, South Carolina, northern Florida, and eastern Kentucky. Since fiscal
year 2009, USDA has awarded 200 RCDG grants for approximately $38.4 million that
have helped more than 2,500 businesses.

USDA's Intermediary Relending Program helps capitalize loan funds to alleviate
poverty and increase economic activity and create jobs in rural communities.
Loans are provided to local organizations that establish revolving loan funds.

For example, the Vermont Community Loan Fund, in Montpelier, will receive a $1
million loan to help 90 organizations and businesses create and retain nearly
900 jobs. The Nebraska Enterprise Fund will receive a $175,558 loan to help
businesses and non-profit organizations in Adams, Buffalo, Custer, Dawson, Hall,
Hamilton, Kearney, Keith, Lincoln, Merrick, Phelps, Sherman, Valley and York
counties in the south central region of the state. In South Dakota, the West
River Foundation will use a $750,000 loan to provide low-interest financing to
public and non-profit organizations. This is expected to create or save
approximately 100 jobs.

Since fiscal year 2009, USDA has awarded 281 IRP loans for approximately $140
million. These loans have helped more than 4,700 businesses.

President Obama's historic investments in rural America have made our rural
communities stronger. Under his leadership, these investments in housing,
community facilities, businesses and infrastructure have empowered rural America
to continue leading the way - strengthening America's economy, small towns and
rural communities.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.come

LOAD-DATE: October 29, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             272 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              The Bismarck Tribune

                              May 22, 2015 Friday

USDA grants available for community economic development

SECTION: A; Pg. 11

LENGTH: 200 words


Bill Davis, USDA Rural Development acting state director, recently announced
that USDA is seeking applications for grants to boost rural economic development
through the Rural Community Development Initiative program.

"This funding increases economic opportunity in rural areas by building up the
capacity of the regional organizations that serve them," Davis said. "USDA
supports those organizations by providing grant funding to focus on rural
housing, community facilities and economic development projects."

Eligible applicants under the RCDI program include public or private
intermediaries, non-profit organizations and nationally recognized tribal
organizations. The grant funding may be used to provide training that focuses on
homeownership education and minority business entrepreneurship.

Funding may also provide technical assistance for strategic community planning,
creating training tools or accessing alternative funding sources. Grants range
from $50,000 to $250,000.

For more information on how to apply for a RCDI grant, contact the North Dakota
Rural Development office at 701-530-2037 or see page 27887 of the May 15 Federal
Register.

Applications must be submitted by August 13, 2015.

LOAD-DATE: May 21, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


       Copyright 2015 The Bismarck Tribune, a division of Lee Enterprises
                              All Rights Reserved


                             273 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                             Western Gazette series

                                 April 29, 2010

Advice on grants

SECTION: Pg. 59

LENGTH: 199  words


Dorset farmers attending two grant information events learned more about the
range of schemes and support available to them under the Rural Development
Programme for England.

The programme covers a range of grant schemes and advice packages for their
businesses.

Farmers looking at reducing their utility bills, can access a grant to install
more efficient technologies, including renewable energy.

Funding is also available to look at soil and nutrient management, with grants
available for precision farming equipment and slurry application techniques.

For farmers and rural businesses looking to diversify or add value to
agricultural and forestry products, grant support is available.

The main part of an  application is the business plan, which demonstrates that a
project is well-considered and viable.

Help with the detail of a business plan is available from the county project
development service, operated by the Dorset Agricultural Advisory Service.

Business support and group training grants are available from Business Link, as
are the details of the Rural Development Programme for England.

For more information on what grants and support are available, contact Business
Link on 0845 6009966.

LOAD-DATE: April 30, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 250


                    Copyright 2010 Northcliffe Media Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             274 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            April 13, 2016 Wednesday

Washington: Value Added Producer Grants

LENGTH: 880  words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Washington: Office of the MP Chellie Pingree has issued the following news
release:



 Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack has announced that USDA is making up to $44
million available to farmers, ranchers and businesses to develop new bio-based
products and expand markets through the Value-Added Producer Grant program.





    "America's farmers, ranchers and rural business owners are innovative
entrepreneurs and this program helps them grow economic opportunities for their
families and communities by increasing the value of the items they produce,"
Vilsack said. "The Value-Added Producer Grant program has a great track record
of helping producers increase the value of products and expand their markets and
customer base, strengthening rural America in the process."



   USDA Rural Development State Director Virginia Manuel said, "I strongly
encourage rural Maine agricultural producers to apply for this useful program,
which can help provide an advantage in marketing or producing a value-added
agricultural product. This type of rural Maine innovation leads to job creation
and supports the local economy."



    Value-Added Producer Grants may be used to develop new products and create
additional uses for existing ones. Priority for these grants is given to
veterans, members of socially disadvantaged groups, beginning farmers and
ranchers, and operators of small- and medium-sized family farms and ranches.
Additional priority is given to applicants who seek funding for projects that
will create or increase marketing opportunities for these types of operators.



    More information on how to apply is on page 20607 of the April 8 Federal
Register. The deadline to submit paper applications is July 1, 2016. Electronic
applications submitted through grants.gov are due June 24, 2016. For questions
or more information on how to apply, please contact Rural Development Business
Programs Specialist Brian Wilson at 990-9168 or brian.wilson@me.usda.gov





 Request a letter of support from Congresswoman Pingree



   Since 2009, USDA has awarded 1,126 Value-Added Producer Grants nationwide
totaling $144.7 million. USDA awarded 205 grants to beginning farmers and
ranchers nationwide.



   Value-Added Producer Grants are a key element of USDA's Know Your Farmer,
Know Your Food initiative, which coordinates the Department's work to develop
local and regional food systems. Secretary Vilsack describes the cultivation of
local and regional food systems as one of the four pillars of rural economic
development that impacts farm family income and strengthens local economies.
Under Secretary Vilsack, USDA has supported providing consumers a stronger
connection to their food with more than $1 billion in investments to over 40,000
local and regional food businesses and infrastructure projects since between
2009. Industry data estimates that U.S. local food sales totaled at least $12
billion in 2014, up from $5 billion in 2008. More information on how USDA
investments are connecting producers with consumers and expanding rural economic
opportunities is available in Chapter IV of USDA Results on Medium.



    Two examples of previously awarded Maine recipients of the Value-Added
Producer Grant Program from 2015 are:



 &middot;         Aroostook Hops, LLC, located in Westfield received a
Value-Added Producer Grant in the amount of $24,413. Funds were used to pay for
labor costs and to purchase consumable supplies to produce pelletized hops from
fresh hops and to package the pellets in nitrogen-flushed, vacuum-sealed,
labeled Mylar bags as well as for marketing and promotional expenses.



 &middot;         Cara Sammons, dba Flying Goat Farm, located in Acton received
a Value-Added Producer Grant in the amount of $125,000. Funds were be used to
pay for packaging materials, labor costs and marketing expenses associated with
increasing production as well as hiring personnel to do routine tasks such as
cheese room cleaning, packaging, making deliveries to established retail outlets
and restaurants, selling cheese at farmers markets, and bookkeeping.



    Congress increased funding for the Value-Added program in the 2014 Farm
Bill. That law builds on historic economic gains in rural America over the past
six years, while achieving meaningful reform and billions of dollars in savings
for taxpayers.



    Since 2009, USDA Rural Development has invested $11 billion to start or
expand 103,000 rural businesses; helped 1.1 million rural residents buy homes;
funded nearly 7,000 community facilities such as schools, public safety and
health care facilities; financed 180,000 miles of electric transmission and
distribution lines; and helped bring high-speed Internet access to nearly 6
million rural residents and businesses.



      USDA Rural Development has Area Offices located in Presque Isle, Bangor,
Lewiston, and Scarborough, as well as a State Office, located in Bangor. There
are

 54 employees working to deliver the agency's Housing, Business, and Community
Programs, which are designed to improve the economic stability of rural
communities, businesses, residents, and farmers, and improve the quality of life
in rural Maine.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:

 editorial@plusmediasolutions.com



LOAD-DATE: April 14, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             275 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             June 16, 2015 Tuesday

Funding Availability: Rural Cooperative Development Grants

LENGTH: 566  words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON, DC


This Notice document was issued by the Rural Business Cooperative Service (RBS)

Action

Notice.
Summary

This Notice announces that the Rural Business-Cooperative Service (Agency) is
accepting fiscal year (FY) 2015 applications for the Rural Cooperative
Development Grant (RCDG) program as authorized by the Consolidated and Further
Continuing Appropriations Act of 2015 (Pub. L. 113-235). Approximately $5.8
million is available to be competitively awarded. The purpose of this program is
to provide financial assistance to improve the economic condition of rural areas
through cooperative development. Eligible applicants include a non-profit
corporation or an institution of higher education. The Agency is encouraging
applications that direct grants to projects based in or serving census tracts
with poverty rates greater than or equal to 20 percent. This emphasis will
support Rural Development's (RD) mission of improving the quality of life for
Rural Americans and its commitment to directing resources to those who most need
them.
Dates

Completed applications must be submitted on paper or electronically according to
the following deadlines:

Paper applications must be postmarked and mailed, shipped, or sent overnight no
later than July 30, 2015. You may also hand carry your application to one of our
field offices, but it must be received by close of business on the deadline
date. Late applications are not eligible for funding under this Notice and will
not be evaluated.

Electronic applications must be received by July 27, 2015 to be eligible for
grant funding. Please review the Grants.gov Web site at http://grants.
gov/applicants/organization_registration.jsp. For instructions on the process of
registering your organization as soon as possible to ensure you are able to meet
the electronic application deadline. Late applications are not eligible for
funding under this Notice and will not be evaluated.
Addresses

You should contact a USDA Rural Development State Office (State Office) if you
have questions. You are encouraged to contact your State Office well in advance
of the application deadline to discuss your project and ask any questions about
the application process. Contact information for State Offices can be found at
http://www.rurdev.usda.gov/StateOfficeAddresses.html.

Program guidance as well as application and matching funds templates may be
obtained at http://www.rurdev.usda.gov/bcp_rcdg.html. If you want to submit an
electronic application, follow the instructions for the RCDG funding
announcement located at http://www.grants.gov. If you want to submit a paper
application, send it to the State Office located in the State where you are
headquartered. If you are headquartered in Washington, DC please contact the
Grants Division, Cooperative Programs, Rural Business-Cooperative Service, at
(202) 690-1376 for guidance on where to submit your application.
For Further Information Contact

Grants Division, Cooperative Programs, Rural Business-Cooperative Service,
United States Department of Agriculture, 1400 Independence Avenue SW., Mail Stop
Mail Stop-3253, Room 4208--South, Washington, DC 20250-3253, (202) 690-1374.
Supplementary Information
Overview

Federal Agency: Rural Business-Cooperative Service.

Funding Opportunity Title: Rural Cooperative Development Grants.

Announcement Type: Initial funding request.

Catalog of Federal Domestic Assistance Number: 10.771.

LOAD-DATE: June 16, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             276 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                              June 7, 2013 Friday

Utah: Rural Economic Development Loan and Grant Program (REDLG)

LENGTH: 292 words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Sponsor  USDA Rural Development
Deadlines  Applications accepted on an ongoing basis
Contact

For general questions about this announcement, please contact your Rural
Development State Office identified in the Federal Register notice.
Purpose

The primary objective of the program is to promote rural economic development
and job creation projects. Assistance provided to rural areas may include
business startup costs, business expansion, business incubators, technical
assistance feasibility studies, advanced telecommunications services and
computer networks for medical, educational, and job training services and
community facilities projects for economic development.
Eligibility

Loans and grants may be made to any entity that is identified by USDA Rural
Development as an eligible borrower under the Rural Electrification Act. In
accordance with 7 CFR 4280.13, applicants that are not delinquent on any Federal
debt or otherwise disqualified from participation in these programs are eligible
to apply. An applicant must be eligible under 7 U.S.C. 940c.
Geographic
coverage  Nationwide
Amount of
funding

Funding to support $33 million in loans and $10 million in grants is currently
available.
Application
process

Entities wishing to apply for assistance should contact a Rural Development
State Office to receive further information and copies of the application
package. A list of Rural Development State Offices is available on the program
website.
Tagged as  Capital funding, Community development, Economic development, Health
information technology, Job training and adult education, Technology

For further information please visit: http://www.raconline.org/.

LOAD-DATE: June 7, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             277 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       Sarasota Herald Tribune (Florida)

                              May 24, 2013 Friday

Dudley farm receives USDA grant

SECTION: Pg. 6

LENGTH: 361 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


WASHINGTON - Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack recently announced 110 grants to
agricultural producers and rural businesses.

"This support will benefit rural businesses and the communities where the
recipients are located," Vilsack said. "These awards also will advance USDA's
goals to develop a bio-based economy and support local and regional food
systems."

The awardees were selected for USDA Rural Development Value-Added Producer
Grants. The grants help agricultural producers increase their income by
expanding marketing opportunities, creating new products or developing new uses
for existing products.

James Koebke of Dudley will use a $48,000 grant for a feasibility study for the
development of a farmstead creamery to process and distribute specialty cheeses
and yogurts at an established family dairy farm.

The farm has been part of the Koebke family since 1910. The current farm
includes a farm stand, and the Koebkes have recently developed a creamery, which
will process milk into specialty cheeses and yogurt.

The family is highly regarded in the region and is expanding dairy operations to
include value-added products.

In addition to the study, the Koebkes will help develop a business plan, food
safety plan and marketing plan. The products will not only be sold at the stand
but they intend to expand into local retailers and specialty shops. It is also
anticipated that three new full-time jobs will be created.

"Our Massachusetts dairy farmers have a great opportunity to be more viable,
preserve more working landscapes, and create more jobs when we develop more
outlets for value-added dairy products. This grant will assist Koebke Farms in
joining other local dairies that have successfully transitioned to more
profitable retail-oriented product," said Jay Healy, MA/CT/RI Rural Development
State Director.

Value-Added Producer Grants are an important element of USDA's Know Your Farmer,
Know Your Food initiative, which coordinates USDA's work to support local and
regional food systems. Previous VAPG awards supporting local and regional
projects are mapped on the Know Your Farmer, Know Your Food compass,
www.usda.gov/maps/maps/kyfcompassmap.htm .

LOAD-DATE: August 8, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: WASHINGTON - Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack recently announced 110
grants to agricultural producers and rural businesses. "This support will
benefit rural businesses and the communities where the recipients are located,"
Vilsack said. "These awards also will advance USDA's goals to develop a
bio-based economy and support local and regional food systems." The awardees
were selected for USDA Rural Development Value-Added Producer Grants. The grants
help agricultural producers increase their income by expanding marketing
opportunities, creating new products or developing new uses for existing
products.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2013 Sarasota Herald-Tribune Co.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             278 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                Richmond County Daily Journal, Rockingham, N.C.

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                              July 23, 2010 Friday

Millions set aside to spur job growth

BYLINE: Dawn Kurry, Richmond County Daily Journal, Rockingham, N.C.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 509 words


July 23--Many unemployed may soon find consolation. The N.C. Rural Economic
Development Center is making $23.8 million in grants available to create jobs in
85 rural N.C. counties. Made possible by appropriations of the N.C. General
Assembly, the grants support job-generating building reuse and water-sewer
projects.

"The fact that this funding is available speaks to the dedication of our
governor and legislators," said Rural Center President Billy Ray Hall. "Even in
a tough budget year, they've shown that putting people back to work in rural
communities remains a top priority."

Two grant programs the N.C. Rural Center launched in 2004 have since awarded
more than $80 million combined to 378 projects, assisting 470 businesses and
creating 11,200 jobs, the agency said. The grants are awarded to local
governments, which work with businesses to ensure job creation.

The center's Economic Infrastructure Water and Sewer Grants Program has made $13
million available in grants to be used to upgrade utilities to enable new
business locations or expansions. Up to $10,000 is available for each job to be
created, with a maximum grant of $1 million or half the total project cost.
Applications are accepted on a rolling basis.

The Building Reuse and Restoration Grants Program will offer more than $11
million in grants. They will help communities restore and renovate vacant
buildings for use by new and expanding businesses. Development grants of up to
$480,000 are available for projects in Tier 1 like Richmond, and Tier 2
counties. Grants are capped at $240,000 for projects in Tier 3 counties. For
most projects at least one job must be created for each $8,000 in grant funding.
The next application deadline is Sept. 3.

"The unemployment rate may be dropping, but that's little consolation to the
450,000 North Carolinians who are still unemployed," Hall said. "These grant
programs give rural people hope by getting them back in the workforce."

City Manager Monty Crump said, "We will be closely reviewing these options as
they become available to Richmond County. We've worked with the Rural Center
often in the past, and look forward to this chance to work together again."

The N.C. Rural Economic Development Center is a private, nonprofit organization
whose mission is to develop sound economic strategies that improve the quality
of life in rural North Carolina, with a special focus on individuals with low to
moderate incomes and communities with limited resources.

Dawn Kurry can be reached at dkurry@yourdailyjournal.com or by calling 997-3111
ext. 15.

To see more of the Richmond County Daily Journal, or to subscribe to the
newspaper, go to http://www.yourdailyjournal.com. Copyright (c) 2010, Richmond
County Daily Journal, Rockingham, N.C. Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune
Information Services. For more information about the content services offered by
McClatchy-Tribune Information Services (MCT), visit www.mctinfoservices.com,
e-mail services@mctinfoservices.com, or call 866-280-5210 (outside the United
States, call +1 312-222-4544).

LOAD-DATE: July 23, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20100723-RU-Millions-set-aside-to-spur-job-growth-20100723

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: RU


                                 Copyright 2010


                             279 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                 Gazette Series

                            February 24, 2017 Friday

New 1.5 million grant to grow businesses and create jobs in Gloucestershire's
tourism sector

BYLINE: Eddie Bisknell

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 226 words


A NEW £1.5 million capital grant has been launched to grow businesses and create
jobs within the Gloucestershire's tourism sector.

Organisations are being invited to submit expressions of interest to the Rural
Development Programme for England (RDPE) Growth Programme.

The grant is available for land-owners, groups representing rural communities,
charities and public bodies.

This fund aims to encourage visitors to spend more time and money in the rural
parts of the GFirst Local Enterprise Partnership area.

Capital grants are also available for rural micro and small businesses that
create new jobs and increase productivity or bring money into the rural economy.

GFirst LEP has worked with the Rural Payments Agency (RPA) to secure the grant
through the European Agricultural Fund for Rural Development (EAFRD).

Chief executive of GFirst LEP David Owen said: "Rural businesses play a key role
in maximising opportunities in tourism to strengthen our rural economy.

"The award of further grant funding will bring much needed support to rural
business to enable them to expand and grow."

A free workshop is being held on Wednesday, April 5 at The Growth Hub, which
will include a step by step guide to applying for funding, and delivering a
project under both the Growth Programme and Leader Programme.

To book a place on the workshop, visit bit.ly/eafrdgfirstlep.

LOAD-DATE: February 24, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2017 NewsQuest Media Group Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             280 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Deming Headlight (New Mexico)

                          November 16, 2011 Wednesday

Funds to create jobs in rural communities

BYLINE: For the Headlight

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 575 words


Business organizations in 22 states and the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico will
receive support.

"A strong rural America and a strong agricultural industry go hand in hand,"
said Vilsack. "These investments will bring increased economic opportunity to
rural residents and communities. They will help organizations expand job and
economic opportunities in rural communities across the nation."

The announcement was made on the Secretary's behalf by Deputy Under Secretary
for Rural Development Doug O'Brien during a trip to Ames, Iowa to address the
Rural Young Entrepreneur Summit (YES).The funding being provided through the
Rural Microentrepreneur Assistance Program (RMAP). Recipients are development
organizations that make loans to microenterprises and microentreprenuers and
provide business-based training and technical assistance to rural
micro-borrowers.

For example, in New Mexico, both the New Mexico Community Development Loan Fund,
Inc. and the Women's Economic Self-Sufficiency Team Corp. (WESST) were included
in the Secretary's announcement.

"Now more than ever, New Mexico's small businesses need access to credit," said
USDA Rural Development State Director Terry Brunner. He added, "We are pleased
to partner with the NM Community Development Loan fund and WESST to help finance
small businesses around New Mexico that need help with their start up or
expansion."

00020000037E000006C6 378,Both organizations will create rural microloan
revolving fund program that will make loans and provide technical assistance to
rural business-owners and microenterprises in various rural counties in New
Mexico.

Funding for each project is contingent upon the recipient meeting the terms of
the loan and grant agreement.

Since taking office, President Obama's Administration has taken historic steps
to improve the lives of rural Americans, put people back to work and build
thriving economies in rural communities. From proposing the American Jobs Act to
establishing the first-ever White House Rural Council chaired by Agriculture
Secretary Tom Vilsack the President wants the federal government to be the best
possible partner for rural businesses and entrepreneurs creating job
opportunities and for people who want to live, work, and raise their families in
rural communities.

00020000049000000A3E 48A,USDA, through its Rural Development mission area,
administers and manages housing, business and community infrastructure and
facility programs through a national network of state and local offices. Rural
Development has an existing portfolio of more than $155 billion in loans and
loan guarantees. These programs are designed to improve the economic stability
of rural communities, businesses, residents, farmers and ranchers and improve
the quality of life in rural America.

BREAKOUT BOX

NEW MEXICO

New Mexico Community Development Loan Fund, Inc.: $500,000 loan; $105,000 grant
to capitalize a rural microloan revolving fund to make loans to rural
microentreprenuers and microenterprises

Women's Economic Self-Sufficiency Team Corp. (WESST): $400,000 loan; $100,000
grant to capitalize a rural microloan revolving fund to make loans to rural
microentreprenuers and microenterprises

THUMBNAIL PULL QUOTE:

"These investments will bring increased economic opportunity to rural residents
and communities. They will help organizations expand job and economic
opportunities in rural communities across the nation." Tom Vilsack, US
Agricultural Secretary

LOAD-DATE: November 16, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Tom Vilsack, U.S. agriculture secretary

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


          Copyright 2011 Deming Headlight, a MediaNews Group Newspaper
                              All Rights Reserved


                             281 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                June 28, 1986, Saturday, Late City Final Edition

BUDGET ACCORD: PROGRAMS CONGRESS SAVED

BYLINE: Special to the New York Times

SECTION: Section 1; Page 14, Column 1; National Desk

LENGTH: 389 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON, June 27


The Congressional budget resolution approved early today retains 43 of 45
programs that President Reagan sought to end or significantly reduce, according
to Pete V. Domenici, chairman of the Senate Budget Committee.

The resolution envisions the eventual end of Federal financing of Conrail and
general revenue sharing. The resolution assumes the end of Conrail through its
sale to the private sector. It also assumes that general revenue sharing will be
halted Sept. 30.

However, the resolution would allow revenue sharing to continue if the House and
Senate reapproved the program, appropriated money for it after approving
offsetting spending cuts or revenue increases, and got Presidential agreement
for each of these steps, an outcome that is considered unlikely.

Following are the programs to be retained, according to Senator Domenici:

Export-Import Bank direct loans

Overseas Private Investment Corporation insurance programs

Advanced communications technology satellite

Rural Electrification Administration subsidies

Weatherization assistance programs

Environmental Protection Agency sewage treatment grants

Soil conservation programs

Landsat

Sea grant and coastal zone management

Department of Agriculture Extension Service

Temporary emergency food and shelter

Federal crop insurance program

Trade adjustment assistance to firms

United States Travel and Tourism Administration

Postal subsidy

Rural housing loans

Small Business Administration

Section 202 housing

Amtrak

Interstate Commerce Commission

Washington Metro transit system

Maritime cargo preference expansion

Appalachian Regional Commission

Economic Development Administration

Urban Development Action Grants

Rental housing development grants

Section 312 rehabilitation loan fund

Section 108 loan guarantee program

Rural development program

Small Business Administration disaster loans

Community service block grants

Impact aid for school districts (Part B)

Library programs

Small higher education programs

State student incentive grants

College housing loans

Public Health Service health profession subsidies

Federal Emergency Management Agency supplemental food and shelter

Section 8 moderate rehabilitation

Rural housing grants

Legal Services Corporation

Grants for local juvenile delinquency programs

Public debt reimbursement to Federal Reserve Banks

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: List

                   Copyright 1986 The New York Times Company


                             282 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


             Journal Record Legislative Report (Oklahoma City, OK)

                           November 5, 2008 Wednesday

Rogers State University in Claremore establishes biofuels assistance center

BYLINE: David Page

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 385  words


Rogers State University has established a new center to help entrepreneurs and
agriculture producers develop biofuel businesses in northeast Oklahoma.

The Biofuels Assistance Center will be part of the RSU Innovation Center on the
Claremore campus.

"Helping entrepreneurs develop renewable energy sources is another way to
positively impact the rural economy of northeastern Oklahoma," said Ray Brown,
RSU vice president for economic and community development.

Rogers State received a $51,000 U.S. Department of Agriculture grant to
establish the biofuels center. The Rural Business Enterprise Grant was funded
through the Oklahoma Rural Business Cooperative Service. The USDA Rural
Development branch administers several federal grant programs, including
housing, utility, business and other initiatives to help build and strengthen
rural communities.

"Projects like this will help rural Oklahoma continue to find ways to add value
to the rich commodities we grow in our state," said Brent Kisling, Oklahoma
director of USDA Rural Development.

RSU's innovation center had worked with biofuel ventures on a limited basis
before receiving the grant, Brown said.

"We were approached by a couple of people in the community interested in
biofuels and we did some work for them," he said. "We realized we had the
capacity to do more so we submitted the grant proposal. "

Rogers State will provide assistance with feasibility studies, business plans
and marketing analysis for businesses seeking to produce biofuels, including
biodiesel and ethanol, Brown said.

 Assistance will also be provided for agricultural producers developing feed
stock for the production of biofuels and for farmers with plans to start their
own biofuels production and distribution businesses.

"This region is home to several agricultural products that are potential
feedstocks, including wheat, soybeans and sorghum,"  Brown said. "The
availability of these feedstocks plus the woody byproducts from timber mills,
old utility poles and railroad cross ties has created an increased interest in
developing biofuels. "

 Other potential biofuel sources include crop residues, yellow grease from
restaurants and chicken fat from poultry processors, Brown said.

"Our clients will be anyone interested in developing biofuels as a commercial
venture," he said.

LOAD-DATE: November 14, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: General news

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2008 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved


                             283 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     The Journal Record (Oklahoma City, OK)

                            November 3, 2008 Monday

Rogers State University in Oklahoma establishes biofuels assistance center

BYLINE: David Page

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 385  words


Rogers State University has established a new center to help entrepreneurs and
agriculture producers develop biofuel businesses in northeast Oklahoma.

The Biofuels Assistance Center will be part of the RSU Innovation Center on the
Claremore campus.

"Helping entrepreneurs develop renewable energy sources is another way to
positively impact the rural economy of northeastern Oklahoma," said Ray Brown,
RSU vice president for economic and community development.

Rogers State received a $51,000 U.S. Department of Agriculture grant to
establish the biofuels center. The Rural Business Enterprise Grant was funded
through the Oklahoma Rural Business Cooperative Service. The USDA Rural
Development branch administers several federal grant programs, including
housing, utility, business and other initiatives to help build and strengthen
rural communities.

"Projects like this will help rural Oklahoma continue to find ways to add value
to the rich commodities we grow in our state," said Brent Kisling, Oklahoma
director of USDA Rural Development.

RSU's innovation center had worked with biofuel ventures on a limited basis
before receiving the grant, Brown said.

"We were approached by a couple of people in the community interested in
biofuels and we did some work for them," he said. "We realized we had the
capacity to do more so we submitted the grant proposal. "

Rogers State will provide assistance with feasibility studies, business plans
and marketing analysis for businesses seeking to produce biofuels, including
biodiesel and ethanol, Brown said.

 Assistance will also be provided for agricultural producers developing feed
stock for the production of biofuels and for farmers with plans to start their
own biofuels production and distribution businesses.

"This region is home to several agricultural products that are potential
feedstocks, including wheat, soybeans and sorghum,"  Brown said. "The
availability of these feedstocks plus the woody byproducts from timber mills,
old utility poles and railroad cross ties has created an increased interest in
developing biofuels. "

 Other potential biofuel sources include crop residues, yellow grease from
restaurants and chicken fat from poultry processors, Brown said.

"Our clients will be anyone interested in developing biofuels as a commercial
venture," he said.

LOAD-DATE: November 4, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: General news

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2008 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved


                             284 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Deming Headlight (New Mexico)

                            August 23, 2011 Tuesday

Deadline fast approaching for Value Added Producer Grants

BYLINE: For the Headlight

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 430 words


ALBUQUERQUE Terry Brunner, USDA Rural Development State Director in New Mexico
announced that approximately $37 million in competitive nationwide grants are
available to assist agricultural producers seeking to add value to the
commodities they produce.

In making the announcement Brunner said, "These grants strengthen rural
economies and create jobs by helping farmers and ranchers add value to their
agricultural products by using them for planning activities such as feasibility
studies, marketing and business plans, or for working capital."

Planning grants up to $100,000 and working capital grants up to $300,000 will be
awarded through USDA Rural Development's Value Added Producer Grant program.
Awards may be for planning activities or working capital, but not for both.
Businesses of all sizes may apply, but priority will be given to operators of
small and medium-sized family farms or ranches, beginning farmers or ranchers,
socially disadvantaged farmers and ranchers, farmer or rancher cooperatives and
mid-tier value chains. The program provides for streamlined paperwork for those
applying for less than $50,000 for working capital grants.

Examples of eligible proposals could include processing chile and tomatoes into
salsa, grapes into wine or jelly, wool and mohair into weavings, and milk into
cheese. In addition, the aggregation and marketing of locally produced food
commodities or products within the state where the product is produced or with
400 miles from the origin of the production would be eligible grant purposes.

Applicants must provide matching funds equal to the amount of the grant
requested. Working capital grants can be matched by the value of the Ag
commodity that will be converted into the value added product.

The deadline to apply for a Value Added Producer Grant is Monday, August 29,
2011. Applicants are urged to contact Rural Development in advance of the
deadline to discuss their application. The Rural Development State Office may be
reached at 505.761.4953.

An application template, as well other information concerning the program can be
located at http://www.rurdev.usda.gov/BCP_VAPG_Grants.html . If application
submission is by paper, the application must be postmarked and mailed, shipped,
or sent overnight by Monday, August 29. Paper applications must be submitted to
the Rural Development State Office, Business and Cooperative Programs, 6200
Jefferson NE/Room 255, Albuquerque, New Mexico 87109. Electronic applications
must be submitted by August 29 via http://www.grants.gov following the
instructions provided at that site.

LOAD-DATE: August 23, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


          Copyright 2011 Deming Headlight, a MediaNews Group Newspaper
                              All Rights Reserved


                             285 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                   Vancouver Business Journal (Vancouver, WA)

                           September 27, 2002 Friday

USDA announces funding for business enterprise program

BYLINE: Vancouver Business Journal

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 494 words



USDA Rural Development is accepting applications for the Rural Business
Enterprise Grant Program, announced Jackie J. Gleason, Washington state
director.

The program -- RBEG -- provides grants to eligible public bodies; private
nonprofit corporations and federally recognized Indian tribes. For-profit
businesses are ineligible applicants. Eligible areas are incorporated
communities of 50,000 or less which are not becoming urbanized, and
unincorporated rural areas.

Grants must be used to finance and facilitate development of small and emerging
private business enterprises located in rural areas of the State. Small and
emerging businesses are generally defined as a private business, which will
employ 50 or fewer new employees, and have less than $1 million in projected
gross revenue.

More specifically, RBEG funds may be used for: acquisition and development of
land; construction of buildings, plants, equipment, access streets and roads,
parking areas, utility and service extensions; refinancing; fees for
professional services for planning and development of the project; technical
assistance; startup operating costs and working capital; providing financial
assistance to a third party through a revolving loan fund; production of
television programs to provide information to rural residents; and creation,
expansion and operation of rural distance learning networks.

Funds may not be used for: comprehensive area-wide planning, financing of
agriculture production, or promoting an area to attract businesses.

Applications will be accepted at the Rural Business-Cooperative Service State
Office located at 1606 Perry St., Suite E, Yakima, WA 98902, until close of
business (4:30 p.m.), Oct. 28. This will be the only round of funding for fiscal
year 2003. The funding process is expected to be very competitive for the amount
of assistance available. Forms needed to make application are available
electronically.

For more details regarding the program, or to obtain an application, please
contact one of the following individuals:

* Dan McNeley -- 1606 Perry St, Suite E, Yakima, WA 98902, (509) 454-5743 ext. 5

Island, King, Kittitas, Klickitat, San Juan, Skagit, Snohomish, Whatcom and
Yakima Counties;

* Clint Kaasa -- 1835 Black Lake Blvd. Suite B, Olympia, WA 98512, (360)
704-7762

Clallam, Clark, Cowlitz, Grays Harbor, Jefferson, Kitsap, Lewis, Mason, Pacific,
Skamania, Thurston, and Wahkiakum Counties;

* Leroy Debes -- 1908 Dale Lane, Spokane, WA 99212, (509) 924-7350 ext. 4

Adams, Asotin, Benton, Columbia, Douglas, Ferry, Franklin, Garfield, Grant,
Lincoln, Okanogan, Pend Oreille, Spokane, Stevens, Walla Walla, and Whitman
Counties.

USDA Rural Development is dedicated to enhancing the ability of rural
communities to develop, grow and improve their quality of life by targeting
financial assistance and technical resources in areas of greatest need through
activities of greatest potential.

LOAD-DATE: November 19, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Government activity

                      Copyright 2002 Dolan Media Newswires


                             286 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             October 7, 2016 Friday

Washington: Hoeven Announces More than $1.7 Million in USDA Funds for Rural
Economic Development in North Dakota

LENGTH: 292  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: Office of the Senator John Hoeven has issued the following news
release:



 Senator John Hoeven, a member of the Senate Appropriations and Agriculture
Committees, today announced that the U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA) has
awarded a loan of $1,000,000 to build medical facilities in Hazen and grants
totaling $718,117 to support economic growth in rural North Dakota communities.
The funds are awarded as follows:





 Rural Economic Development Loan (REDL)



 The Rural Economic Development Loan program funds rural projects through local
utility organizations.



 o West River Telecommunications Cooperative - $1,000,000 - The loan will be
used to construct of a hospital and clinic facility at the Sakakawea Medical
Center in Hazen.



 Rural Business Development Grants



 Rural Business Development Grants provide assistance and training to develop or
expand rural businesses with fewer than 50 employees and less than $1 million in
gross revenues.



 o City of Anamoose - $218,462

 o Dakota College at Bottineau - $130,282

 o Turtle Mountain Band of Chippewa Indians - $103,994

 o REAP Investment Fund, Inc. - $86,764

 o Tuttle Betterment Club, Inc. - $51,990

 o Bowman County Fair Association - $37,000

 o Pembina County Job Development Authority - $30,000

 o City of Michigan - $26,910

 o Sacred Pipe Resource Center - $17,000

 o City of Hettinger - $15,715



 "These grants will help support business and economic growth in rural areas and
meet the needs of these communities and their residents," Hoeven said. "The USDA
loan will help individuals in the Hazen area have better access to healthcare
and improve their quality of life."



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 8, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             287 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Deming Headlight (New Mexico)

                             August 19, 2011 Friday

Deadline near for Value Added Producer grant applications

BYLINE: For the Headlight

SECTION: LOCAL

LENGTH: 430 words


ALBUQUERQUE Terry Brunner, USDA Rural Development State Director in New Mexico
announced that approximately $37 million in competitive nationwide grants are
available to assist agricultural producers seeking to add value to the
commodities they produce.

In making the announcement Brunner said, "These grants strengthen rural
economies and create jobs by helping farmers and ranchers add value to their
agricultural products by using them for planning activities such as feasibility
studies, marketing and business plans, or for working capital."

Planning grants up to $100,000 and working capital grants up to $300,000 will be
awarded through USDA Rural Development's Value Added Producer Grant program.
Awards may be for planning activities or working capital, but not for both.
Businesses of all sizes may apply, but priority will be given to operators of
small and medium-sized family farms or ranches, beginning farmers or ranchers,
socially disadvantaged farmers and ranchers, farmer or rancher cooperatives and
mid-tier value chains. The program provides for streamlined paperwork for those
applying for less than $50,000 for working capital grants.

Examples of eligible proposals could include processing chile and tomatoes into
salsa, grapes into wine or jelly, wool and mohair into weavings, and milk into
cheese. In addition, the aggregation and marketing of locally produced food
commodities or products within the state where the product is produced or with
400 miles from the origin of the production would be eligible grant purposes.

Applicants must provide matching funds equal to the amount of the grant
requested. Working capital grants can be matched by the value of the Ag
commodity that will be converted into the value added product.

The deadline to apply for a Value Added Producer Grant is Monday, August 29,
2011. Applicants are urged to contact Rural Development in advance of the
deadline to discuss their application. The Rural Development State Office may be
reached at (505) 761-4953.

An application template, as well other information concerning the program can be
located at http://www.rurdev.usda.gov/BCP_VAPG_Grants.html . If application
submission is by paper, the application must be postmarked and mailed, shipped,
or sent overnight by Monday, Aug. 29. Paper applications must be submitted to
the Rural Development State Office, Business and Cooperative Programs, 6200
Jefferson NE/Room 255, Albuquerque, New Mexico 87109. Electronic applications
must be submitted by Aug. 29, via http://www.grants.gov following the
instructions provided at that site.

LOAD-DATE: August 19, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


          Copyright 2011 Deming Headlight, a MediaNews Group Newspaper
                              All Rights Reserved


                             288 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             June 20, 2015 Saturday

Arkansas: USDA Seeks Applications for Loans and Grants to Create Jobs and
Support Rural Economic Development

LENGTH: 456  words

DATELINE: Little Rock


Arkansas Agriculture Department has issued the following news release:

Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack today announced that USDA is accepting
applications for loans and grants to support business expansion, create jobs and
increase economic opportunities in rural communities.

"Small businesses are the engine that drives job creation and investment capital
coupled with business savvy provide the spark that gets that engine running"
Vilsack said. "This funding will help the nation's rural microentrepreneurs
strengthen their capacity to create jobs, grow their businesses and fuel the
economy. USDA is working with local organizations to provide capital to help
small business owners achieve higher performance."

Funding is being provided through USDA's Rural Microentrepreneur Assistance
Program (RMAP). The 2014 Farm Bill reauthorized the program through 2018. For
Fiscal Year 2015, more than $16 million is available in loans and grants.

Details about how to apply for this are on page 35299 of the June 19 Federal
Register. Application forms may be obtained from any USDA Rural Development
State Office.

RMAP provides loans and grants to Microenterprise Development Organizations
(MDOs) to help microentrepreneurs - very small businesses with 10 or fewer
employees - access capital to start or grow businesses. MDOs use the funds to
provide training and technical assistance to small businesses or to establish
revolving loan funds that provide micro-loans, typically $5,000 to $50,000, to
rural microentrepreneurs.

Since the beginning of the Obama Administration, USDA Rural Development has
invested $72.2 million in loans and grants through the RMAP program to support
more than 390 projects that help very small business enterprises.

For example, in 2014, Rural Development awarded a $500,000 loan and a $105,000
grant to the Midcoast Council of Governments (MCOG) in Maine to capitalize a
revolving loan fund. The fund provided technical assistance and training to
rural microentrepreneurs and microenterprises.

MCOG services Knox, Lincoln and Sagadahoc Counties, the towns of Brunswick and
Harpswell in Cumberland County, and the towns of Belmont, Lincolnville,
Northport and Searsmont in Waldo County. This project is expected to create 50
jobs, save 214 jobs and assist 234 businesses.

President Obama's historic investments in rural America have made our rural
communities stronger. Under his leadership, these investments in housing,
community facilities, businesses and infrastructure have empowered rural America
to continue leading the way - strengthening America's economy, small towns and
rural communities.

#

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: June 22, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             289 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            October 18, 2016 Tuesday

Washington: USDA Seeks Applications for Renewable Energy and Energy Efficiency
Loans and Grants

LENGTH: 604  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: US Department of Agriculture  has issued the following news
release:



 District of Columbia, October 18, 2016 --



 USDA Rural Business-Cooperative Service Administrator Sam Rikkers today
encouraged rural small businesses and agricultural producers to apply for loans
and grants to support renewable energy and energy efficiency projects.





 "These projects create long-term, economic benefits for businesses and rural
communities," Rikkers said. "USDA's funding helps promote U.S. energy
independence and supports the production of home-grown energy sources. I
encourage all eligible applicants to take advantage of this opportunity.  These
investments can help a small business cut costs, expand operations, hire more
workers and provide a better service to the communities in which they operate."



 USDA is accepting Rural Energy for America Program (REAP) applications for: 1)
energy audit and renewable energy development assistance grants, and 2)
renewable energy system and energy efficiency guaranteed loans and grants.



 The application deadline for energy audit and renewable energy development
assistance grants is Jan. 31, 2017. Applications for renewable energy system and
energy efficiency grants of $20,000 or less are due by Oct. 31, 2016, for the
first funding cycle and March 31, 2017, for the second funding cycle.
Applications for renewable energy system and energy efficiency grants of greater
than $20,000 and all combination grants and guaranteed loans are due by March
31, 2017. USDA will set aside 20 percent of the funds for grants of $20,000 or
less.



 Applications for renewable energy system and energy efficiency grants or for
loan/grant combinations that are received after March 31, 2017, will be
considered in Fiscal Year 2018, which starts Oct. 1, 2017. Guaranteed loan
applications will be reviewed and processed when received, with periodic
competitions. For additional information, contact the USDA energy coordinator
for your state, or see page 71689 of the October 18 Federal Register.



 Eligible applicants for renewable energy system and energy efficiency loans and
grants include agricultural producers and rural small businesses, which may
include tribal business entities, rural electric cooperatives and public power
entities. Renewable energy sources include wind, solar, renewable biomass
(including anaerobic digesters), small hydro-electric, ocean, geothermal or
hydrogen derived from these renewable resources. Eligible applicants for energy
audit and renewable energy development assistance grants include State, tribal
or local governments; institutions of higher education; and rural electric
cooperatives and public power entities.



 Congress created the REAP program in the 2002 Farm Bill and reauthorized it in
the 2014 Farm Bill with guaranteed funding of no less than $50 million annually
for the duration of the five-year bill.



 In 2015, USDA provided a $500,000 REAP grant to support SR Camden LLC's solar
farm in Camden, Ark. The $32 million, 12 megawatt solar array on 100 acres at
the Highland Industrial Park has more than 150,000 solar panels. The energy
produced from the panels is fed to the adjacent electric utility substation and
is enough to power about 2,400 homes for a year.



 Nationwide, USDA has helped finance more than 12,000 REAP projects since 2009.
When fully operational, these projects will generate or save enough energy to
power more than 750,000 homes annually, and replace more than 36 million barrels
of oil annually.





 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 19, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             290 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            October 18, 2016 Tuesday

Washington: USDA Seeks Applications for Renewable Energy and Energy Efficiency
Loans and Grants

LENGTH: 604  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: US Department of Agriculture  has issued the following news
release:



 District of Columbia, October 18, 2016 --



 USDA Rural Business-Cooperative Service Administrator Sam Rikkers today
encouraged rural small businesses and agricultural producers to apply for loans
and grants to support renewable energy and energy efficiency projects.





 "These projects create long-term, economic benefits for businesses and rural
communities," Rikkers said. "USDA's funding helps promote U.S. energy
independence and supports the production of home-grown energy sources. I
encourage all eligible applicants to take advantage of this opportunity.  These
investments can help a small business cut costs, expand operations, hire more
workers and provide a better service to the communities in which they operate."



 USDA is accepting Rural Energy for America Program (REAP) applications for: 1)
energy audit and renewable energy development assistance grants, and 2)
renewable energy system and energy efficiency guaranteed loans and grants.



 The application deadline for energy audit and renewable energy development
assistance grants is Jan. 31, 2017. Applications for renewable energy system and
energy efficiency grants of $20,000 or less are due by Oct. 31, 2016, for the
first funding cycle and March 31, 2017, for the second funding cycle.
Applications for renewable energy system and energy efficiency grants of greater
than $20,000 and all combination grants and guaranteed loans are due by March
31, 2017. USDA will set aside 20 percent of the funds for grants of $20,000 or
less.



 Applications for renewable energy system and energy efficiency grants or for
loan/grant combinations that are received after March 31, 2017, will be
considered in Fiscal Year 2018, which starts Oct. 1, 2017. Guaranteed loan
applications will be reviewed and processed when received, with periodic
competitions. For additional information, contact the USDA energy coordinator
for your state, or see page 71689 of the October 18 Federal Register.



 Eligible applicants for renewable energy system and energy efficiency loans and
grants include agricultural producers and rural small businesses, which may
include tribal business entities, rural electric cooperatives and public power
entities. Renewable energy sources include wind, solar, renewable biomass
(including anaerobic digesters), small hydro-electric, ocean, geothermal or
hydrogen derived from these renewable resources. Eligible applicants for energy
audit and renewable energy development assistance grants include State, tribal
or local governments; institutions of higher education; and rural electric
cooperatives and public power entities.



 Congress created the REAP program in the 2002 Farm Bill and reauthorized it in
the 2014 Farm Bill with guaranteed funding of no less than $50 million annually
for the duration of the five-year bill.



 In 2015, USDA provided a $500,000 REAP grant to support SR Camden LLC's solar
farm in Camden, Ark. The $32 million, 12 megawatt solar array on 100 acres at
the Highland Industrial Park has more than 150,000 solar panels. The energy
produced from the panels is fed to the adjacent electric utility substation and
is enough to power about 2,400 homes for a year.



 Nationwide, USDA has helped finance more than 12,000 REAP projects since 2009.
When fully operational, these projects will generate or save enough energy to
power more than 750,000 homes annually, and replace more than 36 million barrels
of oil annually.





 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 19, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             291 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            October 18, 2016 Tuesday

Washington: USDA Seeks Applications for Renewable Energy and Energy Efficiency
Loans and Grants

LENGTH: 604  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: US Department of Agriculture  has issued the following news
release:



 District of Columbia, October 18, 2016 --



 USDA Rural Business-Cooperative Service Administrator Sam Rikkers today
encouraged rural small businesses and agricultural producers to apply for loans
and grants to support renewable energy and energy efficiency projects.





 "These projects create long-term, economic benefits for businesses and rural
communities," Rikkers said. "USDA's funding helps promote U.S. energy
independence and supports the production of home-grown energy sources. I
encourage all eligible applicants to take advantage of this opportunity.  These
investments can help a small business cut costs, expand operations, hire more
workers and provide a better service to the communities in which they operate."



 USDA is accepting Rural Energy for America Program (REAP) applications for: 1)
energy audit and renewable energy development assistance grants, and 2)
renewable energy system and energy efficiency guaranteed loans and grants.



 The application deadline for energy audit and renewable energy development
assistance grants is Jan. 31, 2017. Applications for renewable energy system and
energy efficiency grants of $20,000 or less are due by Oct. 31, 2016, for the
first funding cycle and March 31, 2017, for the second funding cycle.
Applications for renewable energy system and energy efficiency grants of greater
than $20,000 and all combination grants and guaranteed loans are due by March
31, 2017. USDA will set aside 20 percent of the funds for grants of $20,000 or
less.



 Applications for renewable energy system and energy efficiency grants or for
loan/grant combinations that are received after March 31, 2017, will be
considered in Fiscal Year 2018, which starts Oct. 1, 2017. Guaranteed loan
applications will be reviewed and processed when received, with periodic
competitions. For additional information, contact the USDA energy coordinator
for your state, or see page 71689 of the October 18 Federal Register.



 Eligible applicants for renewable energy system and energy efficiency loans and
grants include agricultural producers and rural small businesses, which may
include tribal business entities, rural electric cooperatives and public power
entities. Renewable energy sources include wind, solar, renewable biomass
(including anaerobic digesters), small hydro-electric, ocean, geothermal or
hydrogen derived from these renewable resources. Eligible applicants for energy
audit and renewable energy development assistance grants include State, tribal
or local governments; institutions of higher education; and rural electric
cooperatives and public power entities.



 Congress created the REAP program in the 2002 Farm Bill and reauthorized it in
the 2014 Farm Bill with guaranteed funding of no less than $50 million annually
for the duration of the five-year bill.



 In 2015, USDA provided a $500,000 REAP grant to support SR Camden LLC's solar
farm in Camden, Ark. The $32 million, 12 megawatt solar array on 100 acres at
the Highland Industrial Park has more than 150,000 solar panels. The energy
produced from the panels is fed to the adjacent electric utility substation and
is enough to power about 2,400 homes for a year.



 Nationwide, USDA has helped finance more than 12,000 REAP projects since 2009.
When fully operational, these projects will generate or save enough energy to
power more than 750,000 homes annually, and replace more than 36 million barrels
of oil annually.





 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 18, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             292 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                             Kidderminster Shuttle

                             March 13, 2012 Tuesday

New £20m scheme to boost rural work-based training

SECTION: BUSINESS (KS NEWS BUSINESS)

LENGTH: 591 words


A NEW £20 million scheme to help provide work-based training for rural
businesses has been announced by Farming Minister, Jim Paice today.

Rural businesses often find it hard to access the best vocational training
courses. Defra's Skills and Knowledge Framework, provided through the Rural
Development Programme for England, will offer a subsidised vocational training
programme to help improve business skills.

There will be training opportunities in business management and computer skills
(ICT), improving resource efficiency, developing leadership qualities and
improving animal health and welfare.

Businesses will also be able to apply for training to improve traditional rural
and farming skills and take new business opportunities in rural tourism.

Mr Paice said: "We're investing up to £20 million in vocational training to help
rural and farming enterprises increase their profits and get more competitive.
This is the latest in a £165 million package of support to help unlock the
economic potential of our rural areas."

Defra has worked with industry stakeholders in a bid to ensure that all training
delivered through the Skills and Knowledge Framework will improve businesses'
competitiveness and technical development.

The training packages will be delivered through specialist training providers
through The Skills and Knowledge Framework. Following a competitive tendering
process, successful training providers will be selected this summer to join the
RDPE Skills and Knowledge Framework.

From autumn, eligible businesses will be able to access a whole range of
training and development opportunities that will improve both their own skills
and those of their employees.

Of the £100 million Rural Development Programme for England funding announced in
the Rural Economy Growth Review, Defra has already allocated £20 million to the
Farming and Forestry Improvement Scheme.

Defra will soon launch the £60 million Rural Economy Grant scheme to provide
grant support of up to £1 million to transform the prospects and profits of
agricultural and rural businesses.

Notes Skills and Knowledge Transfer is the latest initiative in Defra's £100
million investment in agricultural, forestry, horticultural and rural businesses
and communities, delivered through the Rural Development Programme for England
(RDPE).

The Rural Development Programme for England aims to improve competitiveness in
the agriculture and forestry sector; safeguard and enhance the rural environment
and foster competitive, sustainable rural businesses and thriving rural
communities.

A £165 million package of support to help rural businesses and communities grow
was announced the Rural Economy Growth Review in November 2011. Measures
include:

£100 million from the Rural Development Programme for England (RDPE) to help
small businesses improve their skills, facilities and competitiveness

Grants totalling £20 million to extend superfast broadband to the remotest areas

£15 million for new Rural Growth Networks to help rural areas overcome barriers
to growth such as poor infrastructure, scarcity of business premises and lack of
business networks

Action to make it easier to change the use of farm buildings to address the
shortage of rural business premises

£25 million to promote rural tourism and supporting its businesses (includes £10
million RDPE funding)

Loans totalling £15 million for community-owned renewable energy schemes

A new action plan to support the agri-food sector, including a £500,000
competition to support innovation and highlight opportunities for growth

LOAD-DATE: March 24, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2012 NewsQuest Media Group Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             293 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            October 6, 2016 Thursday

Washington: At White House Rural Forum, USDA Unveils New Funding to Support
Rural Broadband and Economic Development

LENGTH: 862  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: United States Department of Agriculture has issued the following
news release:



 At the White House Rural Forum convened today at Pennsylvania State University,
Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack announced $32 million in loans and grants that
will promote economic development and provide access to broadband in more than
80 rural American communities. Vilsack, who is chair of the first-ever White
House Rural Council, convened the forum with rural policy, business and
nonprofit leaders to discuss pertinent issues facing rural communities,
including opportunities for economic growth and strategies for improving health
care and housing.





 "This funding will provide much-needed capital and bring cutting-edge
technology to rural communities across the country," Vilsack said. "Investments
in our rural businesses and communities, coupled with extending high-speed
broadband, have led to a resurgence of economic development, created jobs and
improved the quality of life in rural America. While we have made great
progress, our work to extend capital and technology to rural America is not
done."



 Significant gains have been made across rural America: Rural household income
climbed 3.4 percent in 2015, overall poverty and food insecurity fell
dramatically, rural populations have begun to rebound, non-metro areas have
added more than 250,000 jobs since 2014, and the share of rural Americans
without health insurance is now at an all-time low.



 The White House Rural Council, established by President Obama in 2011,
coordinates the Administration's efforts in rural America by streamlining and
improving the effectiveness of federal programs, engaging stakeholders on
priority issues, and coordinating private-sector partnerships to create economic
opportunity and improve the quality of life.



 With today's funding, USDA is investing in 86 projects through the Rural
Economic Development Loan and Grant program, the Rural Microentrepreneur
Assistance Program, the Intermediary Relending Program, the Rural Business
Development Grant Program and the Community Connect program.



 Examples of funded projects include:



     Jackson Energy Cooperative Corporation in McKee, Ky., will receive a $1
million Rural Economic Development loan to help the Kentucky Highlands Real
Estate Corporation retrofit an industrial building. The newly updated building,
located in Rockcastle County, will be leased to a private contractor that
processes medical records for the Veterans Administration. This project is
expected to create 190 jobs.

     Pine Telephone Company in Broken Bow, Okla., will receive a $3 million
Community Connect grant to build a state-of-the-art fiber network serving the
Choctaw Nation Tribal Jurisdiction. The money will also support staff for a
community center where individuals without computers can access the internet.

     The city of Anamoose, N.D., will receive a $218,462 Rural Business
Development Grant to renovate a former bank building. The refurbished building
will be leased to a new restaurant that will feature an evening and weekend menu
using locally-grown produce and meats.



 USDA Rural Development's business and telecommunications programs have had a
significant impact on rural lives and economies. In 2014, USDA provided a
$250,000 Rural Economic Development grant to Douglas Electric Cooperative, Inc.
in Armour, S.D., that it used to help the Delmont Fire Protection District
rebuild its fire hall. The previous fire hall had been destroyed by a tornado.



 At the Rural Forum, Vilsack also announced that more than $3 billion has been
invested since 2014 into rural infrastructure projects through a public-private
partnership with Capitol Peak Asset Management and CoBank, a national
cooperative bank and member of the Farm Credit System. Since USDA initiated the
partnership, the private-sector funding has helped finance more than 400
projects in the power, water, communications and community facilities
industries.



 Finally, Vilsack announced the continuation of the Rural Integration Models for
Parents and Children to Thrive (Rural IMPACT) demonstration project that was
launched last year. Rural IMPACT helps communities adopt a two-generation
approach to addressing the needs of vulnerable children and their parents. Its
goal is to increase parents' employment and education and improve the health and
well-being of their children and families.



 Rural IMPACT is led by the Department of Health and Human Services in
collaboration with USDA, the Department of Labor, the Corporation for National
and Community Service, the Appalachian Regional Commission, the Delta Regional
Authority, the Annie E. Casey Foundation, the W.K. Kellogg Foundation and other
philanthropic partners. These partners have selected 10 local and tribal
communities to receive technical assistance and capacity-building resources to
reduce child poverty, and placed AmeriCorps VISTA members there. The partners
are pleased to announce these member will be placed in the 10 Rural IMPACT
communities for a second year.





 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:

 editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 6, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             294 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            October 6, 2016 Thursday

Washington: At White House Rural Forum, USDA Unveils New Funding to Support
Rural Broadband and Economic Development

LENGTH: 862  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: United States Department of Agriculture has issued the following
news release:



 At the White House Rural Forum convened today at Pennsylvania State University,
Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack announced $32 million in loans and grants that
will promote economic development and provide access to broadband in more than
80 rural American communities. Vilsack, who is chair of the first-ever White
House Rural Council, convened the forum with rural policy, business and
nonprofit leaders to discuss pertinent issues facing rural communities,
including opportunities for economic growth and strategies for improving health
care and housing.





 "This funding will provide much-needed capital and bring cutting-edge
technology to rural communities across the country," Vilsack said. "Investments
in our rural businesses and communities, coupled with extending high-speed
broadband, have led to a resurgence of economic development, created jobs and
improved the quality of life in rural America. While we have made great
progress, our work to extend capital and technology to rural America is not
done."



 Significant gains have been made across rural America: Rural household income
climbed 3.4 percent in 2015, overall poverty and food insecurity fell
dramatically, rural populations have begun to rebound, non-metro areas have
added more than 250,000 jobs since 2014, and the share of rural Americans
without health insurance is now at an all-time low.



 The White House Rural Council, established by President Obama in 2011,
coordinates the Administration's efforts in rural America by streamlining and
improving the effectiveness of federal programs, engaging stakeholders on
priority issues, and coordinating private-sector partnerships to create economic
opportunity and improve the quality of life.



 With today's funding, USDA is investing in 86 projects through the Rural
Economic Development Loan and Grant program, the Rural Microentrepreneur
Assistance Program, the Intermediary Relending Program, the Rural Business
Development Grant Program and the Community Connect program.



 Examples of funded projects include:



     Jackson Energy Cooperative Corporation in McKee, Ky., will receive a $1
million Rural Economic Development loan to help the Kentucky Highlands Real
Estate Corporation retrofit an industrial building. The newly updated building,
located in Rockcastle County, will be leased to a private contractor that
processes medical records for the Veterans Administration. This project is
expected to create 190 jobs.

     Pine Telephone Company in Broken Bow, Okla., will receive a $3 million
Community Connect grant to build a state-of-the-art fiber network serving the
Choctaw Nation Tribal Jurisdiction. The money will also support staff for a
community center where individuals without computers can access the internet.

     The city of Anamoose, N.D., will receive a $218,462 Rural Business
Development Grant to renovate a former bank building. The refurbished building
will be leased to a new restaurant that will feature an evening and weekend menu
using locally-grown produce and meats.



 USDA Rural Development's business and telecommunications programs have had a
significant impact on rural lives and economies. In 2014, USDA provided a
$250,000 Rural Economic Development grant to Douglas Electric Cooperative, Inc.
in Armour, S.D., that it used to help the Delmont Fire Protection District
rebuild its fire hall. The previous fire hall had been destroyed by a tornado.



 At the Rural Forum, Vilsack also announced that more than $3 billion has been
invested since 2014 into rural infrastructure projects through a public-private
partnership with Capitol Peak Asset Management and CoBank, a national
cooperative bank and member of the Farm Credit System. Since USDA initiated the
partnership, the private-sector funding has helped finance more than 400
projects in the power, water, communications and community facilities
industries.



 Finally, Vilsack announced the continuation of the Rural Integration Models for
Parents and Children to Thrive (Rural IMPACT) demonstration project that was
launched last year. Rural IMPACT helps communities adopt a two-generation
approach to addressing the needs of vulnerable children and their parents. Its
goal is to increase parents' employment and education and improve the health and
well-being of their children and families.



 Rural IMPACT is led by the Department of Health and Human Services in
collaboration with USDA, the Department of Labor, the Corporation for National
and Community Service, the Appalachian Regional Commission, the Delta Regional
Authority, the Annie E. Casey Foundation, the W.K. Kellogg Foundation and other
philanthropic partners. These partners have selected 10 local and tribal
communities to receive technical assistance and capacity-building resources to
reduce child poverty, and placed AmeriCorps VISTA members there. The partners
are pleased to announce these member will be placed in the 10 Rural IMPACT
communities for a second year.





 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:

 editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 7, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             295 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             July 4, 2013 Thursday

Washington: Congress Could Cut Five USDA Programs and Save $2.8 Billion a Year

LENGTH: 1448  words

DATELINE: Washington


The Heritage Foundation has issued the following news release:

On June 13, 2013, the House Appropriations Committee approved its $19.5 billion
Agriculture, Rural Development, Food and Drug Administration, and Related
Agencies appropriations bill for fiscal year (FY) 2014.[1] The full House is
expected to take up the bill soon. With nearly $17 trillion in federal debt and
chronic deficits on the budget horizon, the House should pursue spending
reductions that keep discretionary spending under the sequestration cap. Rather
than rely on indiscriminate across-the-board cuts as in fiscal year (FY) 2013,
lawmakers should prioritize true federal responsibilities and reduce spending in
programs that are duplicative or better left to the private sector or state and
local governments.

Agriculture-related spending was approximately $139 billion for FY 2013. The
$19.5 billion in the House FY 2014 appropriations bill funds discretionary
spending, amounting to about 14 percent of all agriculture spending, when
compared to FY 2013 agriculture-related spending. The remainder of the spending
is mandatory spending on programs such as direct payments, crop subsidies, and
insurance subsidies.[2] Even though discretionary spending is not as large as
mandatory spending, a total of $3.6 billion in savings can be found (see
Appendix).[3] Cutting five programs alone would result in about $2.8 billion in
savings.
1. International Food Aid

Food for Peace Title II grants comprise the largest part of the federal food aid
budget. The legal requirements binding the program make it inefficient and
unnecessarily costly.[4] Food must be purchased in the U.S. and then shipped
thousands of miles by sea in U.S.-flagged vessels, which adds unnecessary
logistical challenges in addition to higher costs.[5] Recognizing these
inefficiencies in his FY 2014 budget request, President Barack Obama requested
to move the Food for Peace program from the U.S. Department of Agriculture
(USDA) to the U.S. Agency for International Development (USAID), and
subsequently did not include funding for Food for Peace Title II grants for
USDA.

Congress should cut all USDA funding for this program and move Food for Peace
Title II grants and responsibilities from the USDA to USAID. USAID can manage
the program with existing development funding, and without the legal
requirements that burden the program today.

Savings: $1.15 billion

Similarly, Congress should cut all USDA funding for the McGovern-Dole
International Food for Education and Child Nutrition Program and shift
responsibility for the program to USAID. This would avoid unnecessary
duplication and overlap among nonemergency food aid agency objectives and
activities.[6]

Savings: $180 million
2. Agricultural Research

The Department of Agriculture houses two large research agencies--the
Agricultural Research Service and the National Institute for Food and
Agriculture, which focus on many similar research topics. According to the
Government Accountability Office (GAO), the agencies are not doing enough to
prevent unnecessary overlap and duplication.[7] The large funding availability
also leads to government-funded projects duplicating or crowding out private
research, and funding decisions favoring projects that fail to meet the public
interest test. For example, the USDA granted $7 million to study a plant-based
source of rubber for the manufacture of tires, while Bridgestone Corporation
pursued similar research with its own, private, funding. Another USDA grant went
to study the economic success of the Idaho gun industry, a state where over half
of households own guns and part of the funding went to help pay for a gun
show.[8]

Congress should reduce this spending to better incentivize the prioritization of
public interest basic research and require the USDA to present a plan to merge
the Agricultural Research Service and the National Institute for Food and
Agriculture into a single entity.

Savings: $615 million
3. Conservation Technical Assistance

The Natural Resources Conservation Service runs a costly technical-assistance
program for landowners. Assistance can include help maintaining private land,
enhancing recreational opportunities for landowners, and improving the aesthetic
character of private land.[9]

Private landowners, not the government, are the best stewards of their land and
can seek out private solutions if technical assistance is necessary. They do not
need taxpayer-subsidized advice on how best to use their land. They especially
do not need subsidized advice on how to make their land look prettier. It should
be their responsibility alone to pay for such assistance through private
sources.

Congress should eliminate all funding for the Conservation Technical Assistance
Program.

Savings: $714 million
4. Rural Business-Cooperative Service

The Rural Business-Cooperative Service (RBS) provides grants for rural business
endeavors and favored activities. Funding for three programs should be
eliminated and the programs terminated:

Rural Business Program Account. The RBS account deals with business and industry
guaranteed loans and rural business enterprise grants. Private capital will find
its way to worthy rural investments. The federal government should not play
venture capitalist with taxpayer money, including trying to serve allegedly
"underserved" areas. Private actors will serve the area if it makes sound
business sense. Further, a 2012 GAO study found significant duplication among 53
different federal economic development programs.[10]

Congress should eliminate all funding for the Rural Business Program Account.

Savings: $72 million

Rural Cooperative Development Grants. These grants help to start and expand
rural cooperatives and other business entities.[11] As with the guaranteed loans
and rural enterprise grants, the federal government should not be a venture
capitalist. These types of programs can also drive out private investors.

Congress should eliminate all funding for Rural Cooperative Development Grants.

Savings: $17 million

Rural Energy for America Program. Taxpayers subsidize the development of
renewable energy programs for agricultural producers and small rural businesses.
[12] The federal government is inappropriately picking winners and losers in the
energy sector. Even worse, for rural areas, it is picking an energy loser as its
winner.

Congress should eliminate all funding for the Rural Energy for America Program.

Savings: $3 million
5. Distance Learning, Telemedicine, and Broadband Program

The Distance Learning, Telemedicine, and Broadband Program subsidizes "advanced
telecommunications technologies [that] provide enhanced learning and health care
opportunities for rural residents."[13] Once again, government is intruding into
areas that are best served by private actors.

There is already plenty of money for the USDA to expand broadband services. In
2009, as part of the stimulus plan, the USDA received an incredible $2.5 billion
for building broadband infrastructure. This money, though, does not appear to
have been spent wisely.

In March, 2013, House Energy and Commerce Committee leaders expressed concern to
both the USDA and the GAO regarding possible misuse of this money due to
overbuilding in some areas. As the committee members wrote to GAO,
"[O]verbuilding diverts scarce budget resources from areas without broadband
service to areas with service and can impede vital private-sector
investment."[14] They requested that the GAO analyze the USDA's use of the
broadband funds. Handing over more money to the USDA for broadband services,
even if deemed a worthy goal, would be duplicative and wasteful.

Congress should eliminate all funding for the Distance Learning, Telemedicine,
and Broadband Program.

Savings: $40 million
Moving Forward

As lawmakers allocate budget authority among the 12 annual spending bills, they
should proceed by making prudent spending reductions in areas that are
duplicative or inappropriate for federal involvement, such as programs better
left to the private sector or state and local governments. There is ample room
to make major cuts in the agriculture appropriations bill. Lawmakers should
seize this opportunity to reduce spending by up to $3.6 billion, demonstrating
that they can prioritize federal spending to stay under the sequestration cap
and put a small down payment toward reducing chronic deficits.
--Daren Bakst is a Research Fellow in Agricultural Policy in, and Romina Boccia
is Assistant Director of, the Thomas A. Roe Institute for Economic Policy
Studies at The Heritage Foundation. Roe Institute Research Assistant Katie Tubb
contributed to this paper.

For more information please visit: http://www.heritage.org

LOAD-DATE: July 5, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             296 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Telegraph Herald (Dubuque, IA)

                             October 9, 2009 Friday

Jo-Carroll Energy receives $100,000 grant

SECTION: A; Pg. 10

LENGTH: 600 words


USDA Rural Development State Director Colleen Callahan announced the details of
a $100,000 grant to Jo-Carroll Energy, Inc. at the cooperative's headquarters in
Elizabeth Thursday. Jo-Carroll Energy will use the funds to perform energy
audits to help rural small businesses and agriculture producers in their service
territory become more energy efficient.

The funds are being awarded through the federal agency's Rural Energy for
America Program (REAP). Jo-Carroll Energy is one of 88 applicants in Illinois
this year to receive grants or a combination of grants and guaranteed loans
totaling $6.2 million through the program. This is the first year a project of
this type is eligible for funding under this program as a result of a provision
in the 2008 Farm Bill. "Charged by this administration to build an
infrastructure for the 21st century, we are working every day in every way to
get America growing again," said Callahan. "This grant is one example of how we
can help farmers and rural businesses become more competitive and energy
efficient while conserving our natural resources." Jo-Carroll Energy is a rural
electric and natural gas cooperative serving nearly 26,000 electric and natural
gas accounts in Jo Daviess, Carroll and Whiteside counties. This grant will help
them offer energy audits to their more than 2,000 farm and business customers
through what will become a greatly expanded energy conservation and efficiency
program. "We are pleased to receive this funding through REAP that will be used
to help our members evaluate and reduce their energy use and costs," noted
Michael W. Hastings, Jo-Carroll Energy president and CEO. "The grant funds will
allow Jo-Carroll Energy to allocate additional staff time to the completion of
energy audits/assessments and employ a dedicated energy auditor," noted Russ
Simpson, senior vice president of economic development and member services.
Details of the program are being finalized. The cooperative plans to introduce
the program to members through an upcoming series of energy efficiency
workshops. The audits will identify options for farmers and small businesses to
conserve energy that will cut their energy costs and allow them to be more
competitive in their business operations. Certified energy managers and
professional engineers will gather information by visiting with producers and
business owners and making an on-site visit to identify opportunities to save
energy. Potential improvements will be recommended and information provided on
how these improvements can be accomplished, including recommendations on
equipment upgrades and replacements, cost estimates, potential annual energy
savings and projected payback time. Those requesting audits will pay $150 for
the service which represents 25 percent of the cost. The grant funds will pay
the remaining 75 percent. Jo Carroll Energy will cover program administrative
costs. "We are particularly pleased with Jo-Carroll Energy's award because we
know how beneficial energy audits can be," said Callahan. "Independent energy
audits performed for REAP applicants this year projected that those farmers and
small businesses will save between 20 and 74 percent of their energy use by
incorporating energy efficiency measures in their operations." Rural Development
provides financing and technical assistance to foster growth in homeownership,
business development, and critical community and technology infrastructure. More
information on USDA Rural Development is available on the web at
www.rurdev.usda.gov/il. USDA is an equal opportunity provider, employer and
lender.

LOAD-DATE: October 9, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2009 Woodward Communications, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             297 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     The Journal Record (Oklahoma City, OK)

                            December 5, 2005 Monday

USDA offers rural business grants

BYLINE: Journal Record Staff

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 205  words


The U.S. Department of Agriculture is accepting applications for its Rural
Business Enterprise Grant program at four offices in Oklahoma.

The grant program supports the development of small and emerging private
business enterprises in rural areas. Rural areas are described as any area that
has a population of 50,000 or less residents. Grants are not made directly to
private businesses, but are made to an eligible applicant such as public bodies,
private nonprofit corporations, federally recognized Indian Tribes or Tribal
groups.

The grants can be used for buying and developing land, construction or
renovation of buildings, infrastructure, equipment, technical assistance and
revolving loan funds. The recipient assists the small private business by
leasing property to them at favorable rates and terms, providing technical
assistance, or offering small business loans through reasonable lending
criteria.

The deadline for is Feb. 1. The Rural Development Area offices in Oklahoma are
at 4900 Oklahoma Ave., Suite 310, Woodward; 2600 S. Main, Suite B, Stillwater;
806 W. 11th St., Hobart; and 102 W. Ruth Ave., Atoka,

More information is available from Sally J. Vielma, rural business and
cooperative specialist, at (405) 742-1039.

LOAD-DATE: December 5, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Government activity

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2005 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved


                             298 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                              June 19, 2015 Friday

Arizona: USDA Seeks Applications for Loans and Grants to Create Jobs and Support
Rural Economic Development

LENGTH: 460  words

DATELINE: Phoenix


Department of Agriculture has issued the following news release:

WASHINGTON, June 19, 2015 - Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack today announced
that USDA is accepting applications for loans and grants to support business
expansion, create jobs and increase economic opportunities in rural communities.

"Small businesses are the engine that drives job creation and investment capital
coupled with business savvy provide the spark that gets that engine running"
Vilsack said. "This funding will help the nation's rural microentrepreneurs
strengthen their capacity to create jobs, grow their businesses and fuel the
economy. USDA is working with local organizations to provide capital to help
small business owners achieve higher performance."

Funding is being provided through USDA's Rural Microentrepreneur Assistance
Program (RMAP). The 2014 Farm Bill reauthorized the program through 2018. For
Fiscal Year 2015, more than $16 million is available in loans and grants.

Details about how to apply for this are on page 35299 of the June 19 Federal
Register. Application forms may be obtained from any USDA Rural Development
State Office.

RMAP provides loans and grants to Microenterprise Development Organizations
(MDOs) to help microentrepreneurs - very small businesses with 10 or fewer
employees - access capital to start or grow businesses. MDOs use the funds to
provide training and technical assistance to small businesses or to establish
revolving loan funds that provide micro-loans, typically $5,000 to $50,000, to
rural microentrepreneurs.

Since the beginning of the Obama Administration, USDA Rural Development has
invested $72.2 million in loans and grants through the RMAP program to support
more than 390 projects that help very small business enterprises.

For example, in 2014, Rural Development awarded a $500,000 loan and a $105,000
grant to the Midcoast Council of Governments (MCOG) in Maine to capitalize a
revolving loan fund. The fund provided technical assistance and training to
rural microentrepreneurs and microenterprises.

MCOG services Knox, Lincoln and Sagadahoc Counties, the towns of Brunswick and
Harpswell in Cumberland County, and the towns of Belmont, Lincolnville,
Northport and Searsmont in Waldo County. This project is expected to create 50
jobs, save 214 jobs and assist 234 businesses.

President Obama's historic investments in rural America have made our rural
communities stronger. Under his leadership, these investments in housing,
community facilities, businesses and infrastructure have empowered rural America
to continue leading the way - strengthening America's economy, small towns and
rural communities.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: June 22, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             299 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                              June 24, 2016 Friday

FEDERAL REGISTER: Notice of Request for Extension of a Currently Approved
Information Collection

LENGTH: 945  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: Office of the Federal Register has issued the following notice:



  DEPARTMENT OF AGRICULTURE Rural Housing Service Rural Business-Cooperative
Service Notice of Request for Extension of a Currently Approved Information
Collection AGENCY: Rural Housing Service (RHS), and Rural Business-Cooperative
Service (RBS), USDA. ACTION: Proposed collection; Comments requested.
----------------------------------------------------------------------- SUMMARY:
In accordance with the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995, this notice announces
the intention of the above-named Agencies to request an extension for a
currently approved information collection in support of debt settlement of
Community Facilities and Direct Business Program Loans and Grants. DATES:
Comments on this notice must be received by August 23, 2016 to be assured of
consideration. FOR FURTHER INFORMATION CONTACT: For inquiries on the Information
Collection Package, contact Anita Outen, Community Programs Specialist,
Community Programs, RHS, USDA, 1400 Independence Ave. SW., Mail Stop 0787,
Washington, DC 20250-0787, Telephone (202) 720-1497, Email
anita.outen@wdc.usda.gov SUPPLEMENTARY INFORMATION: Title: 7 CFR part 1956,
subpart C--``Debt Settlement--Community and Business Programs.'' OMB Number:
0575-0124. Expiration Date of Approval: November 30, 2016. Type of Request:
Extension of a currently approved information collection.

Abstract: The following Community and Direct Business Programs loans and grants
are debt settled by this currently approved docket (0575-0124). The Community
Facilities loan and grant program is authorized by Section 306 of the
Consolidated Farm and Rural Development Act (7 U.S.C. 1926) to make loans to
public entities, nonprofit corporations, and Indian tribes through the Community
Facilities program for the development of essential community facilities
primarily serving rural residents. The Economic Opportunity Act of 1964, Title 3
(Pub. L. 88-452), authorizes Economic Opportunity Cooperative loans to assist
incorporated and unincorporated associations to provide low-income rural
families essential processing, purchasing, or marketing services, supplies, or
facilities. The Food Security Act of 1985, Section 1323 (Pub. L. 99-198),
authorizes loan guarantees and grants to Nonprofit National Corporations to
provide technical and financial assistance to for- profit or nonprofit local
businesses in rural areas. The Business and Industry program is authorized by
Section 310 B (7 U.S.C. 1932) (Pub. L. 92.419, August 30, 1972) of the
Consolidated Farm and Rural Development Act to improve, develop, or finance
business, industry, and employment and improve the economic and environmental
climate in rural communities, including pollution abatement control. The
Consolidated Farm and Rural Development Act, Section 310 B(c) (7 U.S.C.
1932(c)), authorizes Rural Business Enterprise Grants to public bodies and
nonprofit corporations to facilitate the development of private businesses in
rural areas. The Consolidated Farm and Rural Development Act, Section 310
B(f)(i) (7 U.S.C. 1932(c)), authorized Rural Cooperative Development Grants to
nonprofit institutions for the purpose of enabling such institutions to
establish and operate centers for rural cooperative development. The purpose of
the debt settlement function for the above programs is to provide the delinquent
client with an equitable tool for the compromise, adjustment, cancellation, or
charge-off of a debt owned to the Agency. The information collected is similar
to that required by a commercial lender in similar circumstances. Information
will be collected by the field offices from applicants, borrowers, consultants,
lenders, and attorneys. Failure to collect information could result in improper
servicing of these loans. Estimate of Burden: Public reporting burden for this
collection of information is estimated to average 5.3 hours per response.
Respondents: Public bodies and nonprofit organizations. [[Page 41290]] Estimated
Number of Respondents: 35. Estimated Number of Responses per Respondent: 5.5.
Estimated Number of Responses: 193. Estimated Total Annual Burden on
Respondents: 1,041 hours. Copies of this information collection can be obtained
from Jeanne Jacobs, Regulations and Paperwork Management Branch, (202) 692-0040.
Comments Comments are invited on: (a) Whether the proposed collection of
information is necessary for the proper performance of the functions of the
Agency, including whether the information will have practical utility; (b) the
accuracy of the Agency's estimate of the burden of the proposed collection of
information, including the validity of the methodology and assumptions used; (c)
ways to enhance the quality, utility, and clarity of the information to be
collected; and (d) ways to minimize the burden of the collection of information
on those who are to respond, including through the use of appropriate automated,
electronic, mechanical, or other technological collection techniques or other
forms of information technology. Comments may be sent to Jeanne Jacobs,
Regulations and Paperwork Management Branch, U.S. Department of Agriculture,
Rural Development, STOP 0742, 1400 Independence Ave. SW., Washington, DC 20250.
All responses to this notice will be summarized and included in the request for
OMB approval. All comments will also become a matter of public record. Dated:
June 14 2016. Tony Hernandez, Administrator, Rural Housing Service. [FR Doc.
2016-14994 Filed 6-23-16; 8:45 am] BILLING CODE 3410-XV-P





 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: June 25, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             300 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             June 23, 2015 Tuesday

Washington: USDA Seeks Applications for Loans and Grants to Create Jobs and
Support Rural Economic Development

LENGTH: 463  words

DATELINE: Washington


United States Department of Agriculture, Food safety and Inspection Services has
issued the following news release:

Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack today announced that USDA is accepting
applications for loans and grants to support business expansion, create jobs and
increase economic opportunities in rural communities.

"Small businesses are the engine that drives job creation and investment capital
coupled with business savvy provide the spark that gets that engine running"
Vilsack said. "This funding will help the nation's rural microentrepreneurs
strengthen their capacity to create jobs, grow their businesses and fuel the
economy. USDA is working with local organizations to provide capital to help
small business owners achieve higher performance."

Funding is being provided through USDA's Rural Microentrepreneur Assistance
Program (RMAP). The 2014 Farm Bill reauthorized the program through 2018. For
Fiscal Year 2015, more than $16 million is available in loans and grants.

Details about how to apply for this are on page 35299 of the June 19 Federal
Register. Application forms may be obtained from any USDA Rural Development
State Office.

RMAP provides loans and grants to Microenterprise Development Organizations
(MDOs) to help microentrepreneurs - very small businesses with 10 or fewer
employees - access capital to start or grow businesses. MDOs use the funds to
provide training and technical assistance to small businesses or to establish
revolving loan funds that provide micro-loans, typically $5,000 to $50,000, to
rural microentrepreneurs.

Since the beginning of the Obama Administration, USDA Rural Development has
invested $72.2 million in loans and grants through the RMAP program to support
more than 390 projects that help very small business enterprises.

For example, in 2014, Rural Development awarded a $500,000 loan and a $105,000
grant to the Midcoast Council of Governments (MCOG) in Maine to capitalize a
revolving loan fund. The fund provided technical assistance and training to
rural microentrepreneurs and microenterprises.

MCOG services Knox, Lincoln and Sagadahoc Counties, the towns of Brunswick and
Harpswell in Cumberland County, and the towns of Belmont, Lincolnville,
Northport and Searsmont in Waldo County. This project is expected to create 50
jobs, save 214 jobs and assist 234 businesses.

President Obama's historic investments in rural America have made our rural
communities stronger. Under his leadership, these investments in housing,
community facilities, businesses and infrastructure have empowered rural America
to continue leading the way - strengthening America's economy, small towns and
rural communities.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: June 24, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             301 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             October 7, 2016 Friday

Washington: Heitkamp Announces Federal Funding to Support Rural Businesses and
Communities

LENGTH: 752  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: Office of the Senator Heidi Heitkamp has issued the following news
release:



 U.S. Senator Heidi Heitkamp, ranking member of the U.S. Senate Committee on
Agriculture Subcommittee on Rural Development and Energy, announced 11 federal
grants and one federal loan totaling over $1.7 million that will support
employment and infrastructure improvements for small businesses in rural North
Dakota.





 "Rural North Dakota is a top priority of mine in the U.S. Senate," said
Heitkamp. "These small communities are homes to families, friends, and small
businesses that make up the heart of rural America, that's why we need to make
smart investments in their future. Today's federal funding will help rural
businesses find new markets, develop their products, and expand to create new
employment opportunities."



 The federal grant funding is made available through U.S. Department of
Agriculture Rural Development's Rural Business Development Grants that assist
small and emerging businesses in rural communities with training and development
to expand their businesses. The grants are distributed as follows:



     Anamoose: $218,462 in federal funding to renovate an existing building that
will be leased as a restaurant which will serve locally grown produce and meats
as well as support job growth in the area.



     Dakota College, Bottineau: $108,800 in federal funding to expand the
aquaponics facility that will help students and local entrepreneurs start
businesses to grow employment opportunities and increase food production.



     Turtle Mountain Band of Chippewa Indians: $103,994 in federal funding that
will provide training and education to support locally produced foods and
services at local farmers markets.



     REAP Investment Fund, Inc.: $86,764 in federal funding to support training
and education of local producers to grow foods like grapes and other seasonal
fruits and vegetables that can be sold to schools, hospitals, and nursing homes
as well as help with expanding the North Dakota wine industry.



     Tuttle Betterment Club, Inc.: $51,090 in federal funding to purchase
kitchen equipment that will assist entrepreneurs in developing their food
product for resale to grow their small businesses.



     Bowman County Fair Association: $37,000 in federal funding to purchase
kitchen equipment that will help entrepreneurs develop their food product for
resale to grow their small businesses.



     Pembina County Job Development Authority: $30,000 in federal funding that
will provide education and training to small businesses to help with employee
retention and expansion.



     Michigan, N.D.: $26,910 in federal funding to purchase kitchen equipment
that can be leased to a local restaurant for its reopening, which could help
create new jobs.



     Dakota College, Bottineau: $21,482 in federal funding that will support
student and individual education of sustainable vegetable farming techniques and
other agricultural training for the region.



     Sacred Pipe Resource Center: $17,000 in federal funding to gather and
assess information on the local food economy for the Mandan, Hidatsa and Arikara
Nation that will help identify which foods are consumed and can be grown
locally.



     Hettinger: $15,715 in federal funding to lease fitness equipment to Jackson
Training Systems to expand health and wellness services and support employment.



 The federal loan is made available through U.S. Department of Agriculture Rural
Development's Rural Economic Development Loan and Grant Program and is
distributed as follows:



     West River Telecommunications Cooperative: $1 million in federal lending
that will assist the Sakakawea Medical Center construct a hospital and clinic in
Hazen.



 Heitkamp, a member of the Senate Small Business & Entrepreneurship Committee
has long been promoting local economic growth by working to help boost small
businesses and employment opportunities in small communities and rural areas. In
March, Heitkamp introduced her Startup Entrepreneur Empowerment Delivery (SEED)
Act that would create a federal pilot program to grant up to $120,000 in federal
funds to small cities with a population of 200,000 or less that would be used to
help small business get started. Heitkamp's bill aims to identify and promote
the innovative ideas that are emerging in more rural communities throughout the
country between New York and Silicon Valley.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 8, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             302 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



              Mineral County Independent-News (Hawthorne, Nevada)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                 April 24, 2014

Rural business grant applications due

BYLINE: Mineral County Independent-News staff

LENGTH: 338  words


CARSON CITY-Economic development authorities, nonprofits and towns in rural
Nevada that want to support rural business or create a revolving loan fund for
business may now apply for USDA Rural Development's Rural Business Enterprise
Grant (RBEG). An estimated $82,060 is available. Applications are due by June
30, 2014.

The purpose of the RBEG is to support the creation and growth of sustainable
rural business opportunities and jobs. Eligible entities are public bodies,
private nonprofit corporations, rural development authorities, and federally
recognized tribes. Individual businesses are not eligible.

"The RBEG is a very effective tool that aids in assessing and bringing to life
business development opportunities," said USDA Rural Development State Director
Sarah Adler. "However, given the limited funding we have available, we are
encouraging applications of $40,000 or less."

Funds must be used to facilitate the development of small and emerging private
business enterprises in rural areas.

Costs may include but are not limited to business planning, feasibility analysis
and technical assistance, infrastructure, equipment and revolving loan funds for
start-up and working capital needs.

Nye County Regional Economic Development Authority (NCREDA) received a $30,000
RBEG in FY 2013 to establish a revolving loan fund to assist small and emerging
private business enterprises in rural areas throughout Nye County. Two small
business loans are currently processing. Cassandra Selbach, Executive Director
of NCREDA, said the revolving fund is already making a difference. Clients are
eligible for loans of up to $5,000.

Applications are due to the Nevada State Office of Rural Development by 5 p.m.
on June 30.

The mailing address is 1390 S. Curry St., Carson City, NV 89703. For more
information, in southern Nevada contact Business and Cooperative Programs
Specialist David Foster at (702) 262-9047 Ext. 103.

In northern Nevada contact Business and Cooperative Programs Specialist Michelle
Kelly at (775) 887-1222, Ext. 118.

LOAD-DATE: November 29, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Business

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: MCI

                      Copyright 2014 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                 Copyright 2014 Mineral County Independent-News


                             303 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                   Turtle Mountain Star (Rolla, North Dakota)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                 June 16, 2014

Loans, grants available to spur rural economic development

BYLINE: Turtle Mountain Star staff

LENGTH: 671  words


Revolving loans, micro-lending help create jobs, spark business expansion,
increase rural manufacturing

Agriculture Secretary Tom Vil-sack announced that the Department is accepting
applications for loans and grants to support community development projects,
business expansion and job creation.

"These United States Department of Agriculture (USDA) investments are part of
the Obama Administration's ongoing efforts to create jobs and expand economic
opportunities for rural entrepreneurs," Vilsack said. "Through them, USDA is
working with local organizations to provide capital to help small business
owners achieve their goals. These investments are helping rural residents take
the next steps on the ladder to greater success and opportunity."

Assistance is being provided through two USDA Rural Development programs: the
Intermediary Re-lending Program (IRP) and the Rural Microentrepreneur Assistance
Program (RMAP). The 2014 Farm Bill reauthorized both programs through 2018. For
Fiscal Year 2014, $18.9 million in IRP loans are available, and $25.4 million in
RMAP loans and grants are available.

Under IRP, USDA lends money to economic development intermediaries (non-profits
and public bodies) who re-lend it to rural businesses (ultimate recipients) that
might not otherwise be able to obtain such financing. The program supports
sustainable economic development and helps create or retain jobs in
disadvantaged and remote communities. USDA encourages intermediaries to work
with state and regional representatives and with other public and private
organizations that can provide complementary resources. Since President Obama
took office, the IRP program has created or saved an estimated 92,000 jobs.

Under RMAP, USDA provides loans and grants to Microenterprise Development
Organizations (MDOs) to help microentrepreneurs -- very small businesses with 10
or fewer employees -- access microloans to start or develop businesses. MDOs use
the funds to provide training and technical assistance to eligible small
businesses or to establish revolving loan funds to provide micro-loans,
typically $5,000 to $50,000, to rural microentrepreneurs. Since the beginning of
the Obama Administration, the RMAP program has provided $52 million for 257
projects to support very small business enterprises.

Details about how to apply for 2014 IRP funding are on page 28886 and for 2014
RMAP funding are on page 28888 of today's Federal Register. Application forms
may be obtained from any USDA Rural Development State Office.

The Mid-Columbia Economic Development District in Maupin, Ore., used a $100,000
IRP loan and other funding to keep Maupin's local grocery store open and save
six jobs. The new owner used the funds to remodel the 90-year-old establishment,
which serves residents and tourists and is the only grocery store within 40
miles.

USDA provided $605,000 in RMAP loans and grants to California FarmLink, a
statewide non-profit serving limited-resource, underserved farmers. FarmLink
used the funds to provide 23 micro-loans and technical assistance to small
farmers in California. The farmers bought seeds, plants and equipment, hired
workers, marketed their crops and became more profitable. More than half of the'
micro-loans were provided to women and minority farmers.

President Obama's plan for rural America has brought about historic investment
and resulted in stronger rural communities. Under the President's leadership,
these investments in housing, community facilities, businesses and
infrastructure have empowered rural America to continue leading the way -
strengthening America's economy, small towns and rural communities.

USDA's investments in rural communities support the rural way of life that
stands as the backbone of our American values. President Obama and Agriculture
Secretary Vilsack are committed to a smarter use of federal resources to foster
sustainable economic prosperity and ensure the government is a strong partner
for businesses, entrepreneurs and working families in rural communities.

LOAD-DATE: February 12, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Community

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: TUR

                      Copyright 2014 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                      Copyright 2014 Turtle Mountain Star


                             304 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                       The Oskaloosa Independent (Kansas)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                               February 14, 2013

USDA Rural Development highlights 2012 Investments to Build Stronger Rural
Kansas Communities

BYLINE: The Oskaloosa Independent staff

LENGTH: 532  words


USDA Rural Development State Director Patty Clark last week issued a report
highlighting USDA Rural Development's fiscal year 2012 investments in job
creation, businesses, infrastructure and housing for Kan-sans living in rural
communities.

In fiscal year 2012, rural communities throughout Kansas received more than $475
million in financial assistance to finance homeowner-ship, replace aging water
and sewer systems, stimulate business growth and job creation and to enhance
access to healthcare for rural residents as well as expand broadband access.

"USDA Rural Development strives to improve the quality of life for Kansans by
investing in the future of rural Kansas communities," said USDA Rural
Development State Director Patty Clark. "Financing from the federal government
provides rural residents and rural communities with the basic needs of
infrastructure, employment, healthcare and housing."

Through its Community Facilities loan and grant program, Rural Development
provided more than $26 million in financing to communities for purchasing storm
sirens, equipment for electronic medical records, patrol cars, new heating and
cooling units, as well as building and renovating hospitals, nursing homes, and
daycare centers. Ninety percent of the Community Facilities program funding was
for improving rural healthcare centers in the state.

More than 45, 000 rural Kansans in 28 communities were assisted through the
agency's Water and Environmental Program, which provides clean drinking water
and safe, sanitary wastewater disposal. The agency provided $58 million in
financing to communities for installing nearly 300 miles of water and wastewater
lines in rural Kansas, as well as making other water and wastewater system
improvements.

In 2012, Rural Development helped 1, 922 Kansas families purchase safe,
affordable homes by providing $201 million in financing. More than 100 rural
Kansans were provided loans and grants to repair or make accessibility
modifications in order to remain in their own homes.

Through Rural Development's business and cooperative loan, grant and technical
assistance programs, the agency helped 127 rural small business owners improve
their enterprises in 2012. Business and cooperative program funding created or
saved approximately 1, 000 rural Kansas jobs in 2012. Rural Development provided
nearly $35 million to assist rural businesses create ongoing economic
opportunities in rural Kansas that will pay benefits for years to come.

During 2012, Rural Development provided $107 million to eight electric
cooperatives to improve efficiency and modernize rural electric generation and
transmission systems. Nearly $30 million was invested in telecommunication
projects to help expand access to high-speed broadband in rural Kansas.

Additional information on programs available through USDA Rural Development is
available by calling 785-271-2700.

USDA, through its Rural Development mission area, has an active portfolio of
more than $176 billion in loans and loan guarantees. These programs are designed
to improve the economic stability of rural communities, businesses, residents,
farmers and ranchers and improve the quality of life in rural America.

LOAD-DATE: October 2, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Local Government

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: OSK

                      Copyright 2013 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                    Copyright 2013 The Oskaloosa Independent


                             305 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                              Sheffield Telegraph

                              June 19, 2015 Friday

£3m pot to boost rural businesses

LENGTH: 270  words


Rural businesses can apply for grants of up to £155,000 after the launch of a
£3m scheme covering Sheffield City Region.

The cash is to boost micro and small firms in the countryside in all nine
council areas, stretching from Matlock to Thorne.

It will also be available for start-ups and food processing businesses. Grants
will also be available to businessses, community groups, councils and charities
for tourism projects and renewable energy schemes.

Sheffield chartered surveyor David Miller said: "With agricultural land values
now reaching an all time high it is more important than ever landowners maximise
every opportunity to create additional income and capital growth by adding and
unlocking value. If you have been thinking of a new rural-based venture then
strike while the iron is hot."

The scheme is funded by the European Agricultural Fund for Rural Development.
The Rural Payments Agency manages the grants, working with Local Enterprise
Partnerships and local partners.

A LEP spokesman said: "Business development is one of the key areas of support
for start-ups and existing businesses. Grants received for individual businesses
will be to a maximum of about £155,000 in a three-year period.

"It is worth noting that not all of the £3 million available to Sheffield City
Region will be live' immediately - a series of local calls will be launched
focusing on specific areas that funding will be used to support. Each of these
will detail the specific requirements that must be met to be eligible to apply
for funding. All information on the grants will be published on Gov.UK."

Applications open this month.

LOAD-DATE: June 19, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: NSTE


                       Copyright 2015 Johnston Press Plc
                              All Rights Reserved


                             306 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                              The Star (Sheffield)

                              June 19, 2015 Friday

£3m pot to boost rural businesses

LENGTH: 270  words


Rural businesses can apply for grants of up to £155,000 after the launch of a
£3m scheme covering Sheffield City Region.

The cash is to boost micro and small firms in the countryside in all nine
council areas, stretching from Matlock to Thorne.

It will also be available for start-ups and food processing businesses. Grants
will also be available to businessses, community groups, councils and charities
for tourism projects and renewable energy schemes.

Sheffield chartered surveyor David Miller said: "With agricultural land values
now reaching an all time high it is more important than ever landowners maximise
every opportunity to create additional income and capital growth by adding and
unlocking value. If you have been thinking of a new rural-based venture then
strike while the iron is hot."

The scheme is funded by the European Agricultural Fund for Rural Development.
The Rural Payments Agency manages the grants, working with Local Enterprise
Partnerships and local partners.

A LEP spokesman said: "Business development is one of the key areas of support
for start-ups and existing businesses. Grants received for individual businesses
will be to a maximum of about £155,000 in a three-year period.

"It is worth noting that not all of the £3 million available to Sheffield City
Region will be live' immediately - a series of local calls will be launched
focusing on specific areas that funding will be used to support. Each of these
will detail the specific requirements that must be met to be eligible to apply
for funding. All information on the grants will be published on Gov.UK."

Applications open this month.

LOAD-DATE: June 19, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: NSST


                       Copyright 2015 Johnston Press Plc
                              All Rights Reserved


                             307 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                              Sheffield Telegraph

                              June 12, 2015 Friday

£3m pot to boost rural businesses

LENGTH: 270  words


Rural businesses can apply for grants of up to £155,000 after the launch of a
£3m scheme covering Sheffield City Region.

The cash is to boost micro and small firms in the countryside in all nine
council areas, stretching from Matlock to Thorne.

It will also be available for start-ups and food processing businesses. Grants
will also be available to businessses, community groups, councils and charities
for tourism projects and renewable energy schemes.

Sheffield chartered surveyor David Miller said: "With agricultural land values
now reaching an all time high it is more important than ever landowners maximise
every opportunity to create additional income and capital growth by adding and
unlocking value. If you have been thinking of a new rural-based venture then
strike while the iron is hot."

The scheme is funded by the European Agricultural Fund for Rural Development.
The Rural Payments Agency manages the grants, working with Local Enterprise
Partnerships and local partners.

A LEP spokesman said: "Business development is one of the key areas of support
for start-ups and existing businesses. Grants received for individual businesses
will be to a maximum of about £155,000 in a three-year period.

"It is worth noting that not all of the £3 million available to Sheffield City
Region will be live' immediately - a series of local calls will be launched
focusing on specific areas that funding will be used to support. Each of these
will detail the specific requirements that must be met to be eligible to apply
for funding. All information on the grants will be published on Gov.UK."

Applications open this month.

LOAD-DATE: June 12, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: NSTE


                       Copyright 2015 Johnston Press Plc
                              All Rights Reserved


                             308 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                              The Star (Sheffield)

                              June 12, 2015 Friday

£3m pot to boost rural businesses

LENGTH: 270  words


Rural businesses can apply for grants of up to £155,000 after the launch of a
£3m scheme covering Sheffield City Region.

The cash is to boost micro and small firms in the countryside in all nine
council areas, stretching from Matlock to Thorne.

It will also be available for start-ups and food processing businesses. Grants
will also be available to businessses, community groups, councils and charities
for tourism projects and renewable energy schemes.

Sheffield chartered surveyor David Miller said: "With agricultural land values
now reaching an all time high it is more important than ever landowners maximise
every opportunity to create additional income and capital growth by adding and
unlocking value. If you have been thinking of a new rural-based venture then
strike while the iron is hot."

The scheme is funded by the European Agricultural Fund for Rural Development.
The Rural Payments Agency manages the grants, working with Local Enterprise
Partnerships and local partners.

A LEP spokesman said: "Business development is one of the key areas of support
for start-ups and existing businesses. Grants received for individual businesses
will be to a maximum of about £155,000 in a three-year period.

"It is worth noting that not all of the £3 million available to Sheffield City
Region will be live' immediately - a series of local calls will be launched
focusing on specific areas that funding will be used to support. Each of these
will detail the specific requirements that must be met to be eligible to apply
for funding. All information on the grants will be published on Gov.UK."

Applications open this month.

LOAD-DATE: June 12, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: NSST


                       Copyright 2015 Johnston Press Plc
                              All Rights Reserved


                             309 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            October 8, 2015 Thursday

Washington: Heitkamp, USDA Under Secretary Visit Spirit Lake to Announce Nearly
$1 Million for Business Development

LENGTH: 962 words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Washington: Office of the Senator Heidi Heitkamp has issued the following news
release:



 U.S. Senator Heidi Heitkamp today visited the Spirit Lake Indian reservation
with U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA) Under Secretary Lisa Mensah, who
oversees rural development, to announce $973,000 in federal funding for business
development to benefit Spirit Lake.





 &ldquo;All too often, rural America and Indian Country get overlooked when
Congress is making funding decisions in Washington - but I fight every day for
the resources that I know rural and Indian communities in our state need,&rdquo;
said Heitkamp. &ldquo;The business development this federal funding will spur
not only creates economic growth and jobs - it also makes our communities
stronger. Tribal and rural areas often face unique challenges, but by passing
legislation like the Farm Bill that supports critical programs for these
communities, we can change that trajectory.&rdquo;



 &ldquo;USDA is committed to increasing economic opportunities in Native
American communities by investing in projects that will create well-paying jobs
and improve quality of life for Tribal families. This innovative reuse of an
existing building will provide affordable, attractive space for small businesses
, helping them save on operating costs and become financially secure,&rdquo;
said Mensah.



 &ldquo;The renovation will provide a needed venue for entrepreneurs to
flourish, which will ultimately help revitalize the local economy, creates jobs
in an area that really needs employment opportunities, and improves the quality
of life for the entire region. USDA is proud to partner with the Spirit Lake
community on this project. We know that North Dakota is better when we're all
pulling together,&rdquo; said Ryan Taylor, USDA Rural Development state
director.



 Spirit Lake applied for the USDA Rural Development Rural Business Development
Grant to revamp a mini-mall that sits on Highway 20 on the reservation. The
grant will help update the structure of the 12,750-square-foot mall that
currently houses Paul's Grocery and Luis Caf&eacute;. The renovation will update
the mall to work as a business incubator, with additional offices created for
businesses to rent. The incubator is geared towards entrepreneurs, which could
include students from the Business Development Center at Cankdeska Cikana
Community College.



 The federal grant builds on Heitkamp's previous work advocating for economic
growth in tribal communities in the state. In July, Heitkamp brought U.S. Small
Business Administration (SBA) Administrator Maria Contreras-Sweet to the
Standing Rock Sioux Reservation for a roundtable discussion with tribal and
business leaders on supporting economic growth in Indian Country. At the
roundtable, Heitkamp and Contreras-Sweet announced $700,000 in federal funding
to help Native Americans start small businesses and get educational training to
build a business from the ground up.



 The Rural Business Development Grant (RBDG) program funding the business
development project Heitkamp announced with Mensah today was reauthorized in the
2014 Farm Bill. It was funded at $24 million in FY2015.



 RBDG is a competitive grant designed to support targeted technical assistance,
training and other activities leading to the development or expansion of small
and emerging private businesses in rural areas. Programmatic activities are
separated into enterprise or opportunity type grant activities. RBDG funds must
be directed for projects benefitting rural areas or towns outside the urbanized
periphery of any city with a population of 50,000 or more.



 Heitkamp sits on the Indian Affairs Committee and the Agriculture Committee.
She has long championed rural development - from housing to business development
- in North Dakota's rural and Indian communities. Heitkamp's efforts include:



     Engaging the Administration on unsafe conditions in Indian Country:
Heitkamp has consistently engaged the President and federal leaders on
addressing mold issues across tribal lands. After the President and First Lady
visited Standing Rock in June 2014, Heitkamp encouraged President Obama to
improve educational conditions for children at Cannon Ball Elementary - a
learning facility battling mold, rats and a leaky roof. Shortly after, the
school was awarded technological assistance in every classroom, and President
Obama cited his visit as the impetus for his Generation Indigenous initiative to
help Native students overcome barriers to success.



     Securing investments in housing improvements: Last October, Heitkamp
brought HUD Secretary Castro to Belcourt to view the dire housing conditions on
the Turtle Mountain reservation. During the visit, Castro and Heitkamp announced
the approval of $6 million in mold remediation funding. Last month, Heitkamp
helped secure $800,000 in federal funding to support housing improvements and
mold remediation efforts for the Spirit Lake Sioux Tribe. In February, Heitkamp
announced more than $20 million in federal funding to promote safe and
affordable housing on tribal lands in North Dakota.



     Working to sustain and improve tribal housing: As a member of the Senate
Committee on Indian Affairs, Heitkamp has advocated for increased infrastructure
and financial solutions to barriers in Indian housing development. In March,
Heitkamp helped the Committee pass bipartisan legislation to reauthorize the
Native American Housing Assistance and Self-Determination Act (NAHASDA), which
supports efforts to provide safe and affordable housing to American Indians.
Heitkamp has been pushing for the reauthorization of NAHASDA since July 2013.





 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 8, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             310 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     High Point Enterprise (North Carolina)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             August 25, 2013 Sunday

Trinity to seek sewer grants

BYLINE: Pat Kimbrough, The High Point Enterprise, N.C.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 906 words


Aug. 25--TRINITY -- A local manufacturer's expansion plans moved a step closer
to reality recently when the Trinity City Council gave final approval to seeking
grants to assist with the project.

The city next month will apply for Community Development Block Grant funds from
the N.C. Department of Commerce to help fund the cost of extending city sewer
service to the Turnpike Industrial Park on Turnpike Road.

The city also will seek a grant through the new Rural Economic Development
program within the Commerce Department that is replacing the N.C. Rural Economic
Development Center.

Ennis-Flint, a Thomasville company that manufactures and distributes specialized
paints and coatings used on roads and highways, has bought a 25,000-square-foot
building in the park that it wants to convert into a manufacturing and research
and development operation.

The $5 million project is expected to create 14 jobs. The project is contingent
on the site having access to public sewer.

"One of the things that excites me is to see growth, especially in what we call
our business park," said Trinity Mayor Carlton Boyles. "The city of Trinity has
invested about half a million dollars out there in roadways and sewer lines.
This is a company coming to Trinity with 14 (new jobs), and they're willing to
invest millions of dollars."

Boyles said seven additional businesses will be served by the sewer extension.

The Community Development Block Grant would be composed of federal funds in the
amount of $168,000. The state grant for the project would total $140,000.

The city applied to the N.C. Rural Center for the grant, but that agency's funds
were frozen after a state audit uncovered problems that included a lack of
oversight and what was deemed an excessive salary for its former president.

No money was included in the state budget for the agency, but funds were
allocated for the new Rural Economic Development program.

Trinity and Randolph County each would contribute $3,500 to the cost of the
sewer project, and Ennis-Flint would contribute $10,000 if the grant
applications are approved.

The total cost of the sewer extension is estimated to be $325,000.

Ennis-Flint employs 146 people statewide. The new location would do business as
Flint Trading Co. and would make use of a facility previously occupied by TD
Custom Coating, a paint company that closed down a few years ago.

"It's new investment, growth of the tax base, new, quality jobs and investment
in public infrastructure that will pay dividends for years to come," Bonnie
Renfro, president of the Randolph County Economic Development Corp., said of the
project.

pkimbrough@hpe.com -- 888-3531TRINITY -- A local manufacturer's expansion plans
moved a step closer to reality recently when the Trinity City Council gave final
approval to seeking grants to assist with the project.

The city next month will apply for Community Development Block Grant funds from
the N.C. Department of Commerce to help fund the cost of extending city sewer
service to the Turnpike Industrial Park on Turnpike Road.

The city also will seek a grant through the new Rural Economic Development
program within the Commerce Department that is replacing the N.C. Rural Economic
Development Center.

Ennis-Flint, a Thomasville company that manufactures and distributes specialized
paints and coatings used on roads and highways, has bought a 25,000-square-foot
building in the park that it wants to convert into a manufacturing and research
and development operation.

The $5 million project is expected to create 14 jobs. The project is contingent
on the site having access to public sewer.

"One of the things that excites me is to see growth, especially in what we call
our business park," said Trinity Mayor Carlton Boyles. "The city of Trinity has
invested about half a million dollars out there in roadways and sewer lines.
This is a company coming to Trinity with 14 (new jobs), and they're willing to
invest millions of dollars."

Boyles said seven additional businesses will be served by the sewer extension.

The Community Development Block Grant would be composed of federal funds in the
amount of $168,000. The state grant for the project would total $140,000.

The city applied to the N.C. Rural Center for the grant, but that agency's funds
were frozen after a state audit uncovered problems that included a lack of
oversight and what was deemed an excessive salary for its former president.

No money was included in the state budget for the agency, but funds were
allocated for the new Rural Economic Development program.

Trinity and Randolph County each would contribute $3,500 to the cost of the
sewer project, and Ennis-Flint would contribute $10,000 if the grant
applications are approved.

The total cost of the sewer extension is estimated to be $325,000.

Ennis-Flint employs 146 people statewide. The new location would do business as
Flint Trading Co. and would make use of a facility previously occupied by TD
Custom Coating, a paint company that closed down a few years ago.

"It's new investment, growth of the tax base, new, quality jobs and investment
in public infrastructure that will pay dividends for years to come," Bonnie
Renfro, president of the Randolph County Economic Development Corp., said of the
project.

pkimbrough@hpe.com -- 888-3531

___ (c)2013 The High Point Enterprise (High Point, N.C.) Visit The High Point
Enterprise (High Point, N.C.) at www.hpe.com Distributed by MCT Information
Services

LOAD-DATE: August 25, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20130825-HP-Trinity-to-seek-sewer-grants-0825-20130825

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: HP


                      Copyright 2013 High Point Enterprise


                             311 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



              The Lake Metigoshe Mirror (Bottineau, North Dakota)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                  June 4, 2014

USDA offering loans, grants to support rural development

BYLINE: The Lake Metigoshe Mirror staff

LENGTH: 664  words


Revolving loans, micro-lending help create jobs, spark business expansion,
increase rural manufacturing

Agriculture Secretary Tom Vil-sack announced that the Department is accepting
applications for loans and grants to support community development projects,
business expansion and job creation.

"These United States Department of Agriculture (USDA) investments are part of
the Obama Administration's ongoing efforts to create jobs and expand economic
opportunities for rural entrepreneurs," Vilsack said. "Through them, USDA is
working with local organizations to provide capital to help small business
owners achieve their goals. These investments are helping rural residents take
the next steps on the ladder to greater success and opportunity."

Assistance is being provided through two USDA Rural Development programs: the
Intermediary Relending Program (IRP) and the Rural Microentrepreneur Assistance
Program (RMAP). The 2014 Farm Bill reauthorized both programs through 2018. For
Fiscal Year 2014, $18.9 million in IRP loans are available, and $25.4 million in
RMAP loans and grants are available.

Under IRP, USDA lends money to economic development intermediaries (non-profits
and public bodies) who re-lend it to rural businesses (ultimate recipients) that
might not otherwise be able to obtain such financing. The program supports
sustainable economic development and helps create or retain jobs in
disadvantaged and remote communities. USDA encourages intermediaries to work
with state and regional representatives and with other public and private
organizations that can provide complementary resources. Since President Obama
took office, the IRP program has created or saved an estimated 92,000 jobs.

Under RMAP, USDA provides loans and grants to Microenter-prise Development
Organizations (MDOs) to help micro entrepreneurs -- very small businesses with
10 or fewer employees -- access microloans to start or de-velop-businesses.

MDOs use the funds to provide training and technical assistance to eligible
small businesses or to establish revolving loan funds to provide micro-loans,
typically $5,000 to $50,000, to rural micro entrepreneurs.

Since 2008, the' RMAP program has provided $52 million for 257 projects to
support very small business enterprises.

Details about how to apply for 2014 IRP funding are on page 28886 and for 2014
RMAP funding are on page 28888 of today's Federal Register. Application forms
may be obtained from any USDA Rural Development State Office.

The Mid-Columbia Economic Development District in Maupin, Ore., used a $100,000
IRP loan and other funding to keep Maupin's local grocery store open and save
six jobs. The new owner used the funds to remodel the 90-year-old establishment,
which serves residents and tourists and is the only grocery store within 40
miles.

USDA provided $605,000 in

RMAP loans and grants to California FarmLink, a statewide nonprofit serving
limited-resource, underserved farmers. FarmLink used the funds to provide 23
micro-loans and technical assistance to small farmers in California. The farmers
bought seeds, plants and equipment, hired workers, marketed their crops and
became more profitable. More than half of the micro-loans were provided to women
and minority farmers.

President Obama's plan for rural America has brought about historic investment
and resulted in stronger rural communities. Under the President's leadership,
these investments in housing, community facilities, businesses and
infrastructure have empowered rural America to continue leading the way -
strengthening America's economy, small towns and rural communities.

USDA's investments in rural communities support the rural way of life that
stands as the backbone of our American values. President Obama and Agriculture

Secretary Vilsack are committee to a smarter use of federal resources to foster
sustainable economic prosperity and ensure the government is a strong partner
for businesses, entrepreneurs anc working families in rural communities.

LOAD-DATE: February 4, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Community

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: LMT

                      Copyright 2014 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
       Copyright 2014 The Lake Metigoshe Mirror (Bottineau, North Dakota)


                             312 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            Daily Post (North Wales)

                          September 22, 2011 Thursday
                              North Wales Edition

Grant bonanza in rural Conwy;
Find out more at grants roadshow

BYLINE: ANDREW FORGRAVE

SECTION: FEATURES; Pg. 8

LENGTH: 753 words


A SERIES of information meetings are being held to publicise a rural grants
bonanza.

The Conwy Rural Partnership (CRP) has been awarded pounds 5.2m RDP cash to
implement six projects over two years.

The largest of these is Conwy Cynhaliol (Sustainable Conwy), which encourages
sustainable development in the farm, food and timber sectors, as well as
community groups and co-operatives.

One food producer already benefitting from this project is Katy Evans, a
farmer's wife and mum from Bodtegir Farm, Llanfihangel GM.

Having established her business, Snowdonia Range, in Pentrefoelas, she turned to
CRP to develop her hand-made ready meals, pies and soups.

Katy said: "Locally sourced ingredients are a prominent feature of all the
dishes I produce and I'm constantly developing new recipes.

"Grant funding from Conwy was a key factor in enabling me to grow the business."

Conwy Cynhaliol offers grants of up to 75% for ventures that tick one of four
boxes: ? Developing fruit, local food and agricultural products. ? Woodland
management and adding value to local timber. ? Small scale renewable energy
projects.

. ? Group-backed community facilities.

There's also help for market research and for training - a series of events
linked to each theme will take place across the county over the next two years.

Research has already been carried out on the county's timber sector and as a
result the Conwy Cynhaliol grants are helping to boost timber processing
facilities.

The first beneficiary was Jeff Jones, who sought funding for a hydraulic log
splitter for his firewood processing business.

He said: "I'm now able to produce logs that are consistent in less time.

"The grant was essential for me to increase capacity."

The second CRP project is the Rural Heritage scheme, which supports initiatives
that safeguard the area's culture or heritage. Another is the Village Renewal
scheme, which offers villages and rural communities funding for small-scale
improvements to facilities. In both cases applicants need to find 25% match
funding.

Within the Rural Heritage scheme is the Habitat Network project, which offers
grants for maintaining traditional landscape features such as dry stone walls.

Here, funding is capped at pounds 1,500 per project.

Since 2008 an earlier scheme in Conwy has helped 156 farmers and landowners
repair stone walls and plant hedgerows.

Among them was Ifor Thomas, of Cae Haidd, near Nebo.

He said: "The wall (I restored) has important historical significance as it is
the original boundary line between the old Denbighshire and Gwynedd counties.

"Without the grants, we would not have been able to justify maintaining the wall
due to costs involved."

The newest of CRP's six grants projects is its Non-Agricultural Diversification
scheme. This promotes farm activities such as B&Bs, educational activities,
direct sales and service provision.

A more established CRP project is the Conwy Rural Tourism scheme, which promotes
"Destination Conwy".

Up to 75% funding is available for raising standards and promoting
distinctiveness. One of the approved projects, Cyfnos Conwy, has begun
organising cultural events within the rural communities.

Iwan Williams, of Cyfnos Conwy, said: "The project is similar to the previous
Evening Economy scheme which has been running since 2010.

"The project aims to stimulates the evening economy by developing cultural
activities such as gigs, poetry and cinema on business premises.

"It's been a great success with some businesses experiencing a three-fold
increase in their income.

"Look out for a free cultural event near you!" The final CRP project, Conwy
Rural Business Support, is a successor scheme tailored for micro-businesses.

As well as grants, it offers free business "health checks", IT support and
website exposure. It also funds the Conwy Rural Business Awards.

The programme has already approved a grant for Mike Skerret, who runs the Spar
shop in Dolwyddelan.

Another high-profile beneficiary was a workshop aimed as helping businesses get
to grips with using social media such as Twitter as a marketing tool.. More
details: Conwy rural development team, Glasdir, Llanrwst, 01492 643159 or
conwyruralpartnership@conwy.

gov.uk.

? GRANT ROADSHOW DATES SEPT 27: Rowen memorial hall, 2pm-7pm; SEPT 29: Ysgol Bro
Cernyw, Llangernyw, 3.30pm-7pm; OCT 4: Betws yn Rhos village hall, 2pm-7pm; OCT
5: Llannefydd hall, 2pm-7pm; OCT 11: Dolwyddelan community pavilion, 2pm-7pm;
OCT 16: Pentrefoelas car park, 2pm-5pm.

LOAD-DATE: September 22, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:  CRP grants have supported cultural events (Gwyneth Glyn and her band
playing at the Glan Aber, Betws y Coed), food producers (Katy Jones) and stone
walls (Cae Haidd) Jeff Jones with his new hydraulic log splitter, bought with
the help of a Conwy Cynhaliol grant

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: dp


                       Copyright 2011 Trinity Mirror plc
                              All Rights Reserved


                             313 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                  Wisconsin State Journal (Madison, Wisconsin)

                             April 26, 2015 Sunday
                                  ALL EDITION

FEDERAL MONEY THERE FOR THE TAKING;
INSIDE WISCONSIN

BYLINE:  TOM STILL , Wisconsin Technology Council president

SECTION: BUSINESS; INSIDE WISCONSIN; Pg. D10

LENGTH: 801 words


Looking back on a litany of grant announcements by the U.S. Department of
Agriculture over the past six months or so, I reached this conclusion: Wisconsin
leaves a lot of federal money on the table.

In fairness, that's true for programs well beyond those tied to rural
development. Wisconsin has a long, across the board history of being a "donor"
state when it comes to recouping tax dollars sent to Washington, D.C. It's
nonetheless striking when the state fails to earn its fair share in an area in
which it should be a national leader ? agriculture and the rural economy. Here
are some examples of USDA grant programs I mentioned at last week's Wisconsin
Rural Partners summit in Green Lake:

? The $16 billion "StrikeForce Initiative for Rural Growth" is active in 21
states, but not Wisconsin.

? The USDA awarded $9 million in wood innovation grants, but only two of 43
found their way to Wisconsin.

? About $19 million in food safety grants were authorized by the 2014 Farm Bill;
there were no Wisconsin recipients.

? Another $9 million was set aside for Childhood Obesity grants, also through
the Farm Bill, and Wisconsin was not among the winners.

? There was only one Wisconsin recipient (UW-Madison) among 32 grants targeted
to four rural development programs; only two Wisconsin recipients among 40
Beginning Farmer and Rancher grants; and no Badger awardees for a joint program
with the United Kingdom on animal health and disease.

? Coming up in the USDA pipeline: Applications for a $10 billion rural economic
development fund launched last year and national deadlines for $332 million in
Agricultural Conservation Easement grants; $150 million set aside for the Rural
Business Development Co.; $10 million for a rural health care initiative; and
$1.2 billion for a Rural Entrepreneurship Initiative.

Wisconsin can and should compete in all of those categories, given the expertise
of the state's farmers, producers, developers and researchers. With stronger
partnerships between government, business and higher education, more money now
left on the table could be scooped up.

Strategies for creating more jobs and economic growth in rural Wisconsin extend
far beyond government grants, of course, and many were discussed during the
Rural Partners' conference. They included continuing progress on extending
broadband coverage to rural Wisconsin, attracting investment capital,
encouraging entrepreneurs, increasing exports and making the state more
appealing to young people from elsewhere ? as well as those who left home and
would like to return.

? Just announced this month was a Gigabit Business Park mapping project that
involved the Wisconsin Economic Development Corp. and the Wisconsin State
Telephone Association, which identified more than 130 business sites with 1 to
100 gigabits of bandwidth per second. Fast Internet connections are vital to
site selectors and small businesses seeking to compete nationally and beyond.

? When the Wisconsin Angel Network was launched about 10 years ago, only a
handful of angel networks and venture funds were in Wisconsin and only one
outside Madison or Milwaukee. Today, more than two dozen investor groups of all
description and more than a half-dozen outside the state's largest cities are
operating.

? When the National Sustainable Agriculture Coalition examined the rural economy
a few years ago, it concluded that "over half of all new jobs created in most
rural areas come from small, non-farm business ventures." That's among the
reasons why the state's universities and tech colleges are investing more in
encouraging entrepreneurship and producing workers who can fill highly skilled
jobs close to home.

? Wisconsin's exports have grown from $16.7 billion in 2009 to $23.5 billion
last year, good for 19th among the 50 states overall. The state ranks 13th in
agricultural exports, however, and can climb the ladder as the state gains
experience in marketing and training businesses how to crack into emerging
markets. The world's rapidly growing middle class needs more food, feed, fuel
and fiber, and they're all products Wisconsin can offer.

? Wisconsin's "brain drain" ? meaning out-migration of people ? isn't all that
much better or worse than the United States as a whole. But its attraction of
people from outside Wisconsin, especially recapturing those who grew up here,
lags the U.S. average. Why? A lack of opportunities that pay well and a
perception that parts of the state aren't "cool" enough for millennials were
factors cited by conference participants.

? By building on its natural strengths and partnerships, closing the digital
divide, encouraging startups (which need faster broadband) and fostering trade,
rural Wisconsin can prosper in the 21st century. It might help, too, if someone
began filling out a few grant applications.

LOAD-DATE: April 28, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES:  Still is president of the Wisconsin Technology Council. He is the former
associate editor of the Wisconsin State Journal.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2015 Madison Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             314 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       Sarasota Herald Tribune (Florida)

                           November 25, 2010 Thursday

Rural development at work

BYLINE: Jay Healy

SECTION: COMMENTARY; Pg. A10

LENGTH: 712 words


COLUMN: AS I SEE IT

Folks are hurting, and many are questioning those of us who work in government.
They say we are overpaid and underachieving, especially in addressing some of
the mammoth economic issues facing our nation. Elected officials are often held
in low regard, and taxpayers' frustrations are at the boiling point. Phrases
like "stimulus package" and "job creation" elicit, in some, vitriol and fury.

This surprises me somewhat because much of the stimulus package is actually
working. A recent economic study argues that unemployment would have skyrocketed
to over 11 percent without the legislation. While many economists split hairs
over the size of the stimulus package, most agree that it was needed and has
been reasonably successful. James Surowiecki, in a recent New Yorker magazine
article, stated, "The weight of the evidence suggests that fiscal policy
softened the impact of the recession, boosting demand, creating jobs, and
helping the economy start growing again." And the nonpartisan Congressional
Budget Office estimates that the Recovery Act has reduced unemployment by
anywhere from 0.8 percent to 1.7 percent in the past few months.

A recent Boston Globe article ("Not So Bad in Bay State"; Steven Syre, Sept. 28)
stated that Massachusetts places fifth "in economic growth from the start of the
recession to the trough in June 2009 and from that bottom through this summer"
compared to all other states.

"Taken together," said the author, "... those measures of the Massachusetts
economy portray a sputtering machine that still performed better than average in
tough times."

USDA Rural Development is in the job creation and economic revitalization
business. We provide assistance in the form of loans, grants and loan
guarantees. Our loan guarantees encourage local banks to finance local
businesses by mitigating banks' risk - helping farmers and small businesses get
the capital they need.

In Massachusetts alone, we committed over $285 million with a staff of
approximately 40 people. That means for every dollar of funding assistance
provided for infrastructure improvements, emergency response systems, health
care facilities, rural housing and small business job creation, taxpayers have
spent mere pennies on the administration of these vital loans.

The scope of these numbers can obscure the real value of these projects for our
area. The importance of each project can be lost. Thankfully, the importance
isn't lost on local businesses such as Radant Technologies of Stow. USDA Rural
Development recently guaranteed a $2 million local bank loan that will help
Radant expand operations in order to increase production, fulfilling the demand
generated by the business's new contracts, and keeping high-paying manufacturing
jobs in the region.

In Ashburnham, Rural Development recently provided over $2.6 million in
low-interest loan and grant funds to make improvements to the towns' water
distribution and storage system, financing the construction of a new water
storage tank and installing new water mains.

The Warren Public Library also benefited from USDA Rural Development grant
assistance this year. New laptops, scanners and printers were purchased for the
library with help from Rural Development's Community Facilities Grant Program.

And let's not forget about the 280 local families who've been able to purchase
or rent a safe, affordable home with Rural Development's help. Rural
Development's Area Office in Holden, which serves Worcester, Middlesex, Suffolk
and Essex counties, obligated over $59 million in housing assistance this fiscal
year.

Even one person unemployed is an unimaginable hardship made only too real for
many. However, in our region, nearly a thousand jobs have been created or saved
by Rural Development's assistance. And there's an even greater indirect impact
this assistance has on the local economy: providing further job security and
improving the quality of life in rural Massachusetts.

While adversity brings frustration, and the government is often a target, please
recognize that many of us are working very hard to be a part of the solution
rather than a part of the problem.

Jay Healy is the Massachusetts/Connecticut/Rhode Island State Director for USDA
Rural Development.

ART: PHOTO

CUTLINE: Jay Healy

LOAD-DATE: August 8, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Folks are hurting, and many are questioning those of us who work in
government. They say we are overpaid and underachieving, especially in
addressing some of the mammoth economic issues facing our nation. Elected
officials are often held in low regard, and taxpayers' frustrations are at the
boiling point. Phrases like "stimulus package" and "job creation" elicit, in
some, vitriol and fury.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2010 Sarasota Herald-Tribune Co.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             315 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             January 1, 2017 Sunday

Agency Information Collection Activities; Proposals, Submissions, and Approvals

LENGTH: 925  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington, DC:  This Notice document was issued by the Department of
Agriculture (USDA)



  The Department of Agriculture has submitted the following information
collection requirement(s) to OMB for review and clearance under the Paperwork
Reduction Act of 1995, Public Law 104-13. Comments are requested regarding (1)
whether the collection of information is necessary for the proper performance of
the functions of the agency, including whether the information will have
practical utility; (2) the accuracy of the agency's estimate of burden including
the validity of the methodology and assumptions used; (3) ways to enhance the
quality, utility and clarity of the information to be collected; and (4) ways to
minimize the burden of the collection of information on those who are to
respond, including through the use of appropriate automated, electronic,
mechanical, or other technological collection techniques or other forms of
information technology.





 Comments regarding this information collection received by January 30, 2017
will be considered. Written comments should be addressed to: Desk Officer for
Agriculture, Office of Information and Regulatory Affairs, Office of Management
and Budget (OMB), New Executive Office Building, 725 17th Street NW.,
Washington, DC 20502. Commenters are encouraged to submit their comments to OMB
via email to: OIRA_Submission@OMB.EOP.GOV or fax (202) 395-5806 and to
Departmental Clearance Office, USDA, OCIO, Mail Stop 7602, Washington, DC
20250-7602. Copies of the submission(s) may be obtained by calling (202)
720-8958.



 An agency may not conduct or sponsor a collection of information unless the
collection of information displays a currently valid OMB control number and the
agency informs potential persons who are to respond to the collection of
information that such persons are not required to respond to the collection of
information unless it displays a currently valid OMB control number.

 Rural Business-Cooperative Service



 Title: Rural Economic Development Loan and Grant Program.



 OMB Control Number: 0570-0035.



 Summary of Collection: The information collected is necessary to implement
Section 313(b) (2) of the Rural Electrification Act of 1936 (7 U.S.C. 940(c))
that established a loan and grant program. Rural Business Service (RBS) mission
is to improve the quality of life in rural America by financing community
facilities and businesses, providing technical assistance and creating effective
strategies for rural development. Under this program, zero interest loans and
grants are provided to electric and telecommunications utilities that have
borrowed funds from RUS. The purpose of the program is to encourage these
electric and telecommunications utilities to promote rural economic development
and job creation projects such as business start-up costs, business expansion,
community development, and business incubator projects.



 Need and Use of the Information: Various forms and narrative requirements will
be used to collect the necessary information. RBS needs this collected
information to select the projects it believes will provide the most long-term
economic benefit to rural areas. The selection process is competitive and RBS
has generally received more applications than it could fund. RBS also needs to
make sure the funds are used for the intended purpose, and in the case of the
loan, the funds will be repaid. RBS must determine that loans made from
revolving loan funds established with grants are used for eligible purposes.



 Description of Respondents: Not-for-profit Institutions; Business or other
for-profit.



 Number of Respondents: 120.



 Frequency of Responses: Reporting: On Occasion, Annually.



 Total Burden Hours: 4,781.

 Rural Business-Cooperative Service



 Title: Rural Micro-Entrepreneur Assistance Program.



 OMB Control Number: 0570-0062.



 Summary of Collection: Section 6022 of the Food, Conservation, and Energy Act
of 2008 (2008 Farm Bill) authorizes the Rural Microentrepreneur Assistance
Program (RMAP). The Secretary makes direct loans to rural microenterprise
development organizations (MDOs) that are participating in the program (who are
referred to as  "microlenders") for the purpose of capitalizing microloan
revolving funds to provide fixed interest rate business loans of $50,000 or less
to microentrepreneurs, as defined in the 2008 Farm Bill.



 Need and Use of the Information: The program provides rural microentrepreneurs
with the skills necessary to establish new rural microenterprises; to provide
continuing technical and financial assistance related to the successful
operation of rural microenterprises; and to assist with the cost of providing
other activities and services related to the successful operation of MDOs and
rural microenterprises. Microlenders seeking loans and/or grants will have to
submit applications that include specified information, certifications, and
agreements to the Agency. This information will be used to determine applicant
eligibility and to ensure that funds are used for authorized purposes.



 Description of Respondents: Business or other for-profit; Not-for-profit
Institutions; State, Local or Tribal governments.



 Number of Respondents: 75.



 Frequency of Responses: Reporting: Quarterly, Annually.



 Total Burden Hours: 3,254.

 Charlene Parker,

 Departmental Information Collection Clearance Officer.

 [FR Doc. 2016-31692 Filed 12-29-16; 8:45 am]

 BILLING CODE 3410-XY-P



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: January 2, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2017 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             316 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                 The Oklahoman

                           October 5, 2005 Wednesday
                                  City Edition

Two towns awarded grants

BYLINE: Ja'Rena Lunsford, Business Writer

SECTION: BUSINESS; BUSINESS UPDATE; Pg. 2B

LENGTH: 221 words


The communities of Allen and Tishomingo have received Rural Business Enterprise
Grants for nearly $500,000 to go toward rural economic development.

Allen's funds will help construct a warehouse for Heartland Cup Inc., a
manufacturer and distributor of Styrofoam cups.

Brent Kisling, state director of the U.S. Department of Agriculture's Rural
Development agency, said Allen has community leader Debbie Rinehart to thank for
the grant.

"Every town needs a Debbie Rinehart," Kisling said. "We'd have a much stronger
rural development if they did."

Rinehart applied for the grant on behalf of Allen. She said she was ready to see
her hometown get a much needed economic boost.

"I've lived here all my life, and I've seen the deterioration of the economy,"
Rinehart said.

Tishomingo's grant will fund the new Family Health Center of Southern Oklahoma,
which will be expanded within a year. Tishomingo and Allen are located in
Tri-County Indian Nations Community Development Corporation's Enterprise
Community. Tri-County is composed of Pontotoc, Coal and Johnston counties.

Locating in an Enterprise Community enabled Allen and Tishomingo to receive more
than the standard $100,000 grant.

Joe Braly, president of Tri County, said it's important that the Enterprise
Community secures these grants.

"The key to it is that it creates jobs," Braly said.

LOAD-DATE: October 6, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2005 The Oklahoman, All Rights Reserved


                             317 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               Leicester Mercury

                                 April 2, 2005

Grants on offer for rural businesses

SECTION: News; Other; Others; Pg. 13

LENGTH: 130 words


Farmers and small businesses across Leicestershire are being urged to take
advantage of a scheme offering grants of up to £5,000. The Rural Micro Business
Development Grant aims to help rural businesses, including farms, to expand and
improve their activities. The grants are provided through Leicestershire Rural
Partnership, with the support of the county council and Leicester Shire Economic
Partnership.

Lesley Pendleton, who is partnership chairman and county council rural affairs
spokeswoman, said: "We are pleased to be able to offer financial help which will
support businesses and farmers across the county." For more information about
the grants, call 0116 265 7132 or 0116 265 7033, or e-mail:
"mailto:shenderson@leics.gov.uk" class="lblue">shenderson@leics.gov.uk

LOAD-DATE: April 3, 2005

LANGUAGE: English

                        Copyright 2005 Leicester Mercury


                             318 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               Leicester Mercury

                                 April 2, 2005

Grants on offer for rural businesses

SECTION: News; Other; Others; Pg. 13

LENGTH: 122 words


Farmers and small businesses across Leicestershire are being urged to take
advantage of a scheme offering grants of up to £5,000. The Rural Micro Business
Development Grant aims to help rural businesses, including farms, to expand and
improve their activities. The grants are provided through Leicestershire Rural
Partnership, with the support of the county council and Leicester Shire Economic
Partnership.

Lesley Pendleton, who is partnership chairman and county council rural affairs
spokeswoman, said: "We are pleased to be able to offer financial help which will
support businesses and farmers across the county." For more information about
the grants, call 0116 265 7132 or 0116 265 7033, or e-mail:
shenderson@leics.gov.uk

LOAD-DATE: June 1, 2005

LANGUAGE: English

                       © Copyright 2005 Leicester Mercury


                             319 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


             Journal Record Legislative Report (Oklahoma City, OK)

                           November 5, 2008 Wednesday

Rogers State establishes biofuels assistance center

BYLINE: David Page

LENGTH: 387  words


CLAREMORE - Rogers State University has established a new center to help
entrepreneurs and agriculture producers develop biofuel businesses in northeast
Oklahoma.

The Biofuels Assistance Center will be part of the RSU Innovation Center on the
Claremore campus.

"Helping entrepreneurs develop renewable energy sources is another way to
positively impact the rural economy of northeastern Oklahoma," said Ray Brown,
RSU vice president for economic and community development.

Rogers State received a $51,000 U.S. Department of Agriculture grant to
establish the biofuels center. The Rural Business Enterprise Grant was funded
through the Oklahoma Rural Business Cooperative Service. The USDA Rural
Development branch administers several federal grant programs, including
housing, utility, business and other initiatives to help build and strengthen
rural communities.

"Projects like this will help rural Oklahoma continue to find ways to add value
to the rich commodities we grow in our state," said Brent Kisling, Oklahoma
director of USDA Rural Development.

RSU's innovation center had worked with biofuel ventures on a limited basis
before receiving the grant, Brown said.

"We were approached by a couple of people in the community interested in
biofuels and we did some work for them," he said. "We realized we had the
capacity to do more so we submitted the grant proposal. "

Rogers State will provide assistance with feasibility studies, business plans
and marketing analysis for businesses seeking to produce biofuels, including
biodiesel and ethanol, Brown said.

 Assistance will also be provided for agricultural producers developing feed
stock for the production of biofuels and for farmers with plans to start their
own biofuels production and distribution businesses.

"This region is home to several agricultural products that are potential
feedstocks, including wheat, soybeans and sorghum,"  Brown said. "The
availability of these feedstocks plus the woody byproducts from timber mills,
old utility poles and railroad cross ties has created an increased interest in
developing biofuels. "

 Other potential biofuel sources include crop residues, yellow grease from
restaurants and chicken fat from poultry processors, Brown said.

"Our clients will be anyone interested in developing biofuels as a commercial
venture," he said.

LOAD-DATE: November 14, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2008 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved


                             320 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Duluth News-Tribune (Minnesota)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            September 3, 2012 Monday

Loan fund to help small businesses in Carlton County

BYLINE: Duluth News Tribune

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 266 words


Sept. 03--A revolving loan fund of nearly $150,000 has been set up in Carlton
County to provide low-interest loans to small-business owners.

The fund consists of a $99,000 grant from the U.S. Department of Agriculture and
$50,000 in matching funds from the county. The fund will be used for loans to
small local businesses that previously have used other USDA loans.

It's the second $99,000 grant Carlton County has received from the department's
Rural Business Enterprise Grant program. The county also previously received a
$196,000 Intermediary Relending Program loan from the USDA.

Such grants for business loans are only available to communities with
populations of less than 50,000. If a small business in Carlton County can't get
bank financing, it might be able to access the revolving loan fund overseen by
the county, said Adam Czech of USDA Rural Development.

"We all know nobody can do it alone anymore; you have to have partners," said
Colleen Landkamer, Rural Development's state director.

Landkamer was in Carlton last week to announce the grant. She said the loans
help small businesses succeed and grow, which results in more jobs and economic
development in rural communities.

As each low-interest loan is repaid, the county will be able to make additional
loans to other businesses, which keeps the fund going.

The USDA also helps rural businesses get loans from banks by guaranteeing the
loans.

More from around the web

___ (c)2012 the Duluth News Tribune (Duluth, Minn.) Visit the Duluth News
Tribune (Duluth, Minn.) at www.duluthnewstribune.com Distributed by MCT
Information Services

LOAD-DATE: September 4, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20120903-DU-Loan-fund-to-help-small-businesses
-in-Carlton-County-0903-20120903

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: DU


                       Copyright 2012 Duluth News-Tribune


                             321 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                     The Northern Star (Clinton, Minnesota)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                 June 18, 2015

USD A Seeks Applications To Expand Rural Economic Develop.

BYLINE: The Northern Star staff

LENGTH: 393  words


USDA Rural Development is seeking applications for grants to support rural
community economic development.

Approximately $4 million will be made available under the Rural Community
Development Initiative (RCDI) program. Eligible applicants include public,
private, and non-profit intermediaries, and federally recognized tribes.

"This funding from USDA will ensure that technical and financial assistance is
available for those who wish to improve the quality of life in rural
communities," Agriculture Under Secretary for Rural Development Lisa Mensah said
during her announcement. "Very often, great visions for better rural communities
exist, but the next steps toward positive change are unclear. These grants will
help rural communities build a path to community economic development so rural
America can share in the nation's economic recovery."

RCDI grants can be used to provide training or technical assistance. Training
may focus on homeownership education, minority business entrepreneur ship,
strategic community planning, or accessing alternative funding sources.
Intermediary organizations must provide matching funds at least equal to the
RCDI grant.

Grants range from $50,000 to $250,000.

USDA has invested more than $33 million through the RCDI program since 2009. In
2014, the Minnesota Housing Partnership was selected to receive a $130,000 grant
to provide technical assistance and training for the Rosebud Economic
Development Corporation -- a non-profit organization of the Rosebud Sioux Tribe
in Minnesota. Funding will go towards the development of sustainable affordable
housing and community and economic development programs on the Rosebud Sioux
Reservation.

"It is absolutely crucial that we continue to support housing, community
facilities, and community economic development in rural communities to ensure
sustainability well into the future," USDA Rural Development State Director for
Minnesota Colleen Land-kamer said. "This program aids that effort by supporting
partnerships with economic development organizations that can assist with
creating more job opportunities for rural residents through technical
assistance, training and financial support."

For information on how to apply contact your local Rural Development Area Office
or see Page 27887 of the 5/15 Federal Register. Applications must be submitted
by August 13, 2015.

LOAD-DATE: May 28, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Editorial

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: NRS

                      Copyright 2015 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                        Copyright 2015 The Northern Star


                             322 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               South West Farmer

                            April 11, 2009 Saturday

Capital Grant Seminars

SECTION: FARMING NEWS (SWF FARMING NEWS)

LENGTH: 448 words


Capital grants are now available to help fund farm and rural business
diversification. The South West Rural Development Agency (SWRDA) has
approximately £24M of grant aid to spend this year under the Rural Development
Plan England (RDPE).

Part of this money has been earmarked to support farmers who need to invest
capital into schemes which will add value to the local economy.

Capital grants are often essential to make a project viable. The types of
project that the scheme can potentially fund are endless. Farmers and Landowners
who have ideas should come forward. If a grant application is to be successful
it is important to identify third parties who will also benefit from the scheme,
priority is to achieve benefits for farming and land based industries, shops or
the local population through the provision of employment opportunities.

The first stage of the application is the submission of an outline proposal
which is reviewed by the Rural Enterprise Gateway (REG) and SWRDA. At this stage
correct presentation of ideas is of paramount importance if the project is to be
successful in terms of grant.

Following initial feedback the applicant should be better informed prior to
submitting a full application and business plan. This can appear daunting and
does involve a lot of work and research.

In response to ever increasing queries from farmers and landowners, and at a
time of difficult economic conditions, Stags Rural Property Consultancy, Lloyds
TSB, The Old Mill Accountants, Winter Rule Accountants and Hodgsons Accountants
have put together an informative seminar directed at those with capital projects
in mind. The events which are supported by the Rural Enterprise Gateway will
cover all the areas of importance including: Correct presentation of a project,
the application process, obtaining planning consent, the business planning
process including sourcing of funds and financial risk management and the tax
consequences of change of use and tax effective investment strategies relating
to the project.

The Rural Enterprise Gateway offers rural and land based industries help to
develop and adapt to change through advice and support for individuals, groups
and signposting to other support services. It is delivered through the Business
Link network across the South West of England. The project is supported by the
South West Regional Development Agency and financed by the Rural Development
Programme for England (RDPE).

The events will last approximately 2 hours and include lunch. Venues are Truro
23 April, Launceston 27 April, Yeovil 28 April, Tiverton 29 April. For more
information or to book a place please ring 01392 439046 or email
professional@stags.co.uk

LOAD-DATE: April 11, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2009 NewsQuest Media Group Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             323 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               Carmarthen Journal

                                November 3, 2004

Cash aid on offer for property development

SECTION: News; Other; Others; Pg. 10

LENGTH: 313 words


Grants to help build high quality premises for rural businesses are up for
grabs.  Carmarthenshire Council in partnership with the Welsh Development Agency
has introduced a Property Development Grant.

The PDG is available for industrial or commercial purposes.

Any grant received would go towards building costs of business bases.

It is designed to help projects, small or medium, which without extra money
would fail.

To qualify businesses must be able to prove their project would create room for
employment and direct employment in rural areas of Carmarthenshire, although
other areas can be considered.

Work could involve the construction of new buildings or the adaptation of
existing buildings.

Priority will be given to applications that will provide visible benefits to the
local economy in terms of quantity and quality of direct jobs created.

Funding has come from The Welsh Assembly, The European Union, The WDA and
Carmarthenshire Council.

Rural development manager Vivienne Davies said: "The incentive on offer will
help stimulate the supply of high quality business premises within
Carmarthenshire, by offering grant aid towards the construction of high quality
business premises." Executive board member for regeneration Cllr Clive
Scourfield said: "We are very pleased to be able to offer this assistance to
local businesses. The grant's main aim is to support the creation of new jobs
and to safeguard existing employment. It is thanks to objective One funding the
grants are available." For advice on applications contact Vivienne Davies at the
Rural Business Development Centre, Nant y Ci, Carmarthen, SA33 5DR. Phone
Vivienne on 01267 242341 or fax 01267 229530. Or contact Stuart Walters at the
Business Resource Centre, Parc Amanwy, New Road, Ammanford, SA18 3EP. Phone
Stuart on 01269 590241 or fax 01269 590224.


LOAD-DATE: November 4, 2004

LANGUAGE: English

                       Copyright 2004 Carmarthen Journal


                             324 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               Carmarthen Journal

                                November 3, 2004

Cash aid on offer for property development

SECTION: News; Other; Others; Pg. 10

LENGTH: 313 words


Grants to help build high quality premises for rural businesses are up for
grabs.  Carmarthenshire Council in partnership with the Welsh Development Agency
has introduced a Property Development Grant.

The PDG is available for industrial or commercial purposes.

Any grant received would go towards building costs of business bases.

It is designed to help projects, small or medium, which without extra money
would fail.

To qualify businesses must be able to prove their project would create room for
employment and direct employment in rural areas of Carmarthenshire, although
other areas can be considered.

Work could involve the construction of new buildings or the adaptation of
existing buildings.

Priority will be given to applications that will provide visible benefits to the
local economy in terms of quantity and quality of direct jobs created.

Funding has come from The Welsh Assembly, The European Union, The WDA and
Carmarthenshire Council.

Rural development manager Vivienne Davies said: "The incentive on offer will
help stimulate the supply of high quality business premises within
Carmarthenshire, by offering grant aid towards the construction of high quality
business premises." Executive board member for regeneration Cllr Clive
Scourfield said: "We are very pleased to be able to offer this assistance to
local businesses. The grant's main aim is to support the creation of new jobs
and to safeguard existing employment. It is thanks to objective One funding the
grants are available." For advice on applications contact Vivienne Davies at the
Rural Business Development Centre, Nant y Ci, Carmarthen, SA33 5DR. Phone
Vivienne on 01267 242341 or fax 01267 229530. Or contact Stuart Walters at the
Business Resource Centre, Parc Amanwy, New Road, Ammanford, SA18 3EP. Phone
Stuart on 01269 590241 or fax 01269 590224.


LOAD-DATE: November 4, 2004

LANGUAGE: English

                       Copyright 2004 Carmarthen Journal


                             325 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Lincoln Journal Star (Nebraska)

                           February 9, 2000 Wednesday
                                  City Edition

State senators go to bat for bills promoting rural economic growth

BYLINE: MARTHA STODDARD Lincoln Journal Star

SECTION: B; Pg. 2

LENGTH: 443 words


Spreading the good economic times from urban areas to the rural corners of
Nebraska means supporting small and innovative businesses, members of the
Legislature's Agriculture Committee heard Tuesday.

"That's how we make money in rural communities -- we start our own business,"
said Sen. Matt Connealy of Decatur. "How do we know what company is the next
Cabela's?"

Connealy was one of several people who spoke in support of a pair of bills aimed
at promoting rural economic development.

First up was LB1222, sponsored by Sen. Floyd Vrtiska of Table Rock. It would
provide grants of up to $50,000 a year for Nebraska-based projects to add value
to raw agricultural products.

The $1 million program could support projects ranging from livestock processing
cooperatives to small businesses that turn grapes into wine and jellies. Grants
would be offered only in counties with labor pools of 10,000 people or fewer.

The second proposal was LB1348, sponsored by Sen. Roger Wehrbein of Plattsmouth.
It would put a total of $7 million into three economic development programs.

Some of that money would increase the funds available to help microenterprises;
the state currently has $250,000 for such help. Microenterprises account for 70
percent of the new jobs in rural Nebraska, according to a recent study.

The measure also would create community opportunity grants and agricultural
opportunity grants. Those programs would help local organizations do research,
offer technical assistance, keep local businesses going and undertake other
economic development activities.

Wehrbein, chairman of the Appropriations Committee, acknowledged the bill
carried a high price tag. But he said conditions in rural Nebraska warranted a
significant commitment.

"This is more aggressive than the other plans, but if we're not aggressive now,
when will we be aggressive?" Connealy asked.

The kinds of grants envisioned in both bills are vitally important to helping
Nebraska's agricultural producers, said Stan Rosendahl of Creston, past
president of the Nebraska Pork Producers Association.

John Bailey of the Center for Rural Affairs agreed. Rural Nebraska has higher
levels of poverty and lower household incomes than urban parts of the state, he
said.

The two bills presented Tuesday would target the small, entrepreneur-driven
businesses that can be most successful in rural areas. Bailey said the bills
would work well together.

The Agriculture Committee took no action Tuesday. Both bills have been named
priorities, increasing their chances of being considered by the full Legislature
if they get out of committee.

Martha Stoddard can be reached at 473-7251 or mstoddard@journalstar.com.

LOAD-DATE: June 19, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2000 Lincoln Journal Star,
                              All Rights Reserved


                             326 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                     The Ortonville Independent (Minnesota)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                 June 16, 2015

Applications sought to expand Economic Development

BYLINE: The Ortonville Independent staff

LENGTH: 391  words


USDA Rural Development is seeking applications for grants to support rural
community economic development.

Approximately $4 million will be made available under the Rural Community
Development Initiative (RCDI) program. Eligible applicants include public,
private, and non-profit intermediaries, and federally recognized tribes.

"This funding from USDA will ensure that technical and financial assistance is
available for those who wish to improve the quality of life in rural
communities," Agriculture Under Secretary for Rural Development Lisa Mensah said
during her announcement. "Very often, great visions for better rural communities
exist, but the next steps toward positive change are unclear. These grants will
help rural communities build a path to community economic development so rural
America can share in the nation's economic recovery."

RCDI grants can be used to provide training or technical assistance. Training
may focus on homeownership education, minority business entrepreneurship,
strategic community planning, or accessing alternative funding sources.
Intermediary organizations must provide matching funds at least equal to the
RCDI grant. Grants range from $50,000 to $250,000.

USDA has invested more than $33 million through the RCDI program since 2009. In
2014, the Minnesota Housing Partnership was selected to receive a $130,000 grant
to provide technical assistance and training for the Rosebud Economic
Development Corporation -- a non-profit organization of the Rosebud Sioux Tribe
in Minnesota. Funding will go towards the development of sustainable affordable
housing and community and economic development programs on the Rosebud Sioux
Reservation.

"It is absolutely crucial that we continue to support housing, community
facilities, and community economic development in rural communities to ensure
sustainability well into the future," USDA Rural Development State Director for
Minnesota Colleen Land-kamer said. "This program aids that effort by supporting
partnerships with economic development organizations that can assist with
creating more job opportunities for rural residents through technical
assistance, training and financial support."

For information on how to apply contact your local Rural Development Area Office
or see Page 27887 of the 5/15 Federal Register. Applications must be submitted
by Aug. 13.

LOAD-DATE: May 28, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Economy

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: ORT

                      Copyright 2015 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                   Copyright 2015 The Ortonville Independent


                             327 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       The Dickinson Press (North Dakota)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                          September 13, 2014 Saturday

Rural organizations receive $500,000 in USDA grants

BYLINE: The Dickinson Press, N.D.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 441 words


Sept. 13--WASHINGTON -- The U.S. Department of Agriculture is awarding more than
$500,000 in rural development grants to organizations around North Dakota.

Dickinson State University's Strom Center, Bowman County Jobs Development and an
investment fund that will study the feasibility of a ferry across Lake Sakakawea
are among the seven groups to receive grants made possible through the 2014 farm
bill, North Dakota's Congressional delegation announced Friday in news releases.

The grants "will help these communities develop a diverse range of additional
businesses and services to benefit citizens," said Rep. Kevin Cramer, R-N.D.

The Strom Center is receiving $139,204 to conduct a feasibility study on a new
innovation lab and provide assistance and training to rural entrepreneurs. An
$85,000 grant will go toward the Rural Economic Area Partnership Investment Fund
to study the feasibility of a car ferry across Lake Sakakawea between Twin
Buttes and Parshall. Bowman County Jobs Development has been awarded $50,000 to
conduct a feasibility study for ABLE Inc., an organization supporting
individuals with developmental disabilities, to open a retail business in
downtown Bowman.

"North Dakota's success is due in large part to the strength of its rural
communities, as small businesses and new entrepreneurs work hard every day to
bolster the state's economy," Sen. Heidi Heitkamp, D-N.D., said in a news
release.

Other organizations to receive grants are Artspace Projects Inc., which will get
$90,000 to provide support to Native American entrepreneurs; REAP Investment
Fund Inc., which will use a $60,000 grant to establish a childcare cooperative;
Prairie West Development Foundation, which will receive $41,849 to purchase and
lease equipment to Beach-based Sip N Sew; and the Turtle Mountain Band of
Chippewa, which will receive $99,970 to provide training for rural
entrepreneurs.

The funds will service organizations in the state's economically distressed
Rural Economic Area Partnership zones, a designation the 2014 farm bill extended
through 2018.

Small business make up 96 percent of all employers in North Dakota and employ
almost 62 percent of the private-sector labor force.

"Smart and targeted investments like these funds are what help North Dakota have
the lowest unemployment rate in the country," Heitkamp said. "I will keep
pushing to make sure our state's rural and tribal communities get the support
they need as they continue to help our economy grow and thrive."

___ (c)2014 the Dickinson Press (Dickinson, N.D.) Visit the Dickinson Press
(Dickinson, N.D.) at www.thedickinsonpress.com Distributed by MCT Information
Services

LOAD-DATE: September 13, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20140913-QX-Rural-organizations-receive-500,000-in-USDA-grants
-0913-20140913

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: QX


                       Copyright 2014 The Dickinson Press


                             328 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       TELEGRAM & GAZETTE (Massachusetts)

                           November 25, 2010 Thursday

Rural development at work

BYLINE: Jay Healy

SECTION: COMMENTARY; AS I SEE IT; Pg. A10

LENGTH: 704 words


Folks are hurting, and many are questioning those of us who work in government.
They say we are overpaid and underachieving, especially in addressing some of
the mammoth economic issues facing our nation. Elected officials are often held
in low regard, and taxpayers' frustrations are at the boiling point. Phrases
like "stimulus package" and "job creation" elicit, in some, vitriol and fury.

This surprises me somewhat because much of the stimulus package is actually
working. A recent economic study argues that unemployment would have skyrocketed
to over 11 percent without the legislation. While many economists split hairs
over the size of the stimulus package, most agree that it was needed and has
been reasonably successful. James Surowiecki, in a recent New Yorker magazine
article, stated, "The weight of the evidence suggests that fiscal policy
softened the impact of the recession, boosting demand, creating jobs, and
helping the economy start growing again." And the nonpartisan Congressional
Budget Office estimates that the Recovery Act has reduced unemployment by
anywhere from 0.8 percent to 1.7 percent in the past few months.

A recent Boston Globe article ("Not So Bad in Bay State"; Steven Syre, Sept. 28)
stated that Massachusetts places fifth "in economic growth from the start of the
recession to the trough in June 2009 and from that bottom through this summer"
compared to all other states.

"Taken together," said the author, "... those measures of the Massachusetts
economy portray a sputtering machine that still performed better than average in
tough times."

USDA Rural Development is in the job creation and economic revitalization
business. We provide assistance in the form of loans, grants and loan
guarantees. Our loan guarantees encourage local banks to finance local
businesses by mitigating banks' risk - helping farmers and small businesses get
the capital they need.

In Massachusetts alone, we committed over $285 million with a staff of
approximately 40 people. That means for every dollar of funding assistance
provided for infrastructure improvements, emergency response systems, health
care facilities, rural housing and small business job creation, taxpayers have
spent mere pennies on the administration of these vital loans.

The scope of these numbers can obscure the real value of these projects for our
area. The importance of each project can be lost. Thankfully, the importance
isn't lost on local businesses such as Radant Technologies of Stow. USDA Rural
Development recently guaranteed a $2 million local bank loan that will help
Radant expand operations in order to increase production, fulfilling the demand
generated by the business's new contracts, and keeping high-paying manufacturing
jobs in the region.

In Ashburnham, Rural Development recently provided over $2.6 million in
low-interest loan and grant funds to make improvements to the towns' water
distribution and storage system, financing the construction of a new water
storage tank and installing new water mains.

The Warren Public Library also benefited from USDA Rural Development grant
assistance this year. New laptops, scanners and printers were purchased for the
library with help from Rural Development's Community Facilities Grant Program.

And let's not forget about the 280 local families who've been able to purchase
or rent a safe, affordable home with Rural Development's help. Rural
Development's Area Office in Holden, which serves Worcester, Middlesex, Suffolk
and Essex counties, obligated over $59 million in housing assistance this fiscal
year.

Even one person unemployed is an unimaginable hardship made only too real for
many. However, in our region, nearly a thousand jobs have been created or saved
by Rural Development's assistance. And there's an even greater indirect impact
this assistance has on the local economy: providing further job security and
improving the quality of life in rural Massachusetts.

While adversity brings frustration, and the government is often a target, please
recognize that many of us are working very hard to be a part of the solution
rather than a part of the problem.

Jay Healy is the Massachusetts/Connecticut/Rhode Island State Director for USDA
Rural Development.

LOAD-DATE: November 26, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO
Jay Healy

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2010 Worcester Telegram & Gazette, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             329 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                UK Newsquest Regional Press - This is Wiltshire

                                  June 3, 2005

Grants available to support range of services

SECTION: Wessexchamber

LENGTH: 303 words


West Wiltshire Economic Partnership: The Rural Renaissance Initiative funded by
the South West Regional Development Agency (SWRDA) and managed by the Wiltshire
and Swindon Rural Regeneration Partnership (WSRRP)has grants available starting
at £5 000.

It can offer grants to support a range of services providing they impact on the
rural economy ' an idea or a vision that could potentially help create jobs give
training protect or provide a service to a rural area and its community.

An individual a group charity school an established business or new business are
among those eligible.

All that is needed is the idea to be able to prove the need for the project and
to demonstrate that it has a chance of success. The WSRRP may be able to assist
to get it going and make it a success.

The minimum grant is £5 000 and up to 50 per cent of the total project cost can
be offered. Projects already funded or being given consideration are:

* The re-use of redundant or underused rural buildings to make new work-space
either to start a new business expand a current one or to create
workshops/office space to rent.

* Village/community shops

* Specialist advice to rural businesses

* Youth Hostel bunkhouse in a pub

* Village shops adviser post

* Wiltshire Foods promotion at the Bath and West Show

* Promoting tourism ' publicising walking cycling and equestrian access

* Developing a recycling business

* Training for rural home care

* Developing and promoting the creative industries.

Wiltshire County Council West Wiltshire North Wiltshire Kennet and Salisbury
district councils and Swindon Borough Council are active members and provide
financial support to the WSRRP.

More information from Liz Vaughan 01225 712318.

LOAD-DATE: June 3, 2005

LANGUAGE: English

PUB-TYPE: News

                  Copyright 2005 NewsQuest Media Group Limited


                             330 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             May 22, 2014 Thursday

Arkansas: USDA Announces Availability of Loans and Grants to Support Rural
Economic Development Revolving loans, micro-lending help create jobs, spark
business expansion, increase rural manufacturing

LENGTH: 671  words

DATELINE: Little Rock


Department of Agriculture, The State of Arkansas has issued the following news
release:

Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack today announced that the Department is
accepting applications for loans and grants to support community development
projects, business expansion and job creation.

"These USDA investments are part of the Obama Administration's ongoing efforts
to create jobs and expand economic opportunities for rural entrepreneurs,"
Vilsack said. "Through them, USDA is working with local organizations to provide
capital to help small business owners achieve their goals. These investments are
helping rural residents take the next steps on the ladder to greater success and
opportunity."

Assistance is being provided through two USDA Rural Development programs: the
Intermediary Relending Program (IRP) and the Rural Microentrepreneur Assistance
Program (RMAP). The 2014 Farm Bill reauthorized both programs through 2018. For
Fiscal Year 2014, $18.9 million in IRP loans are available, and $25.4 million in
RMAP loans and grants are available.

Under IRP, USDA lends money to economic development intermediaries (non-profits
and public bodies) who re-lend it to rural businesses (ultimate recipients) that
might not otherwise be able to obtain such financing. The program supports
sustainable economic development and helps create or retain jobs in
disadvantaged and remote communities. USDA encourages intermediaries to work
with state and regional representatives and with other public and private
organizations that can provide complementary resources. Since President Obama
took office, the IRP program has created or saved an estimated 92,000 jobs.

Under RMAP, USDA provides loans and grants to Microenterprise Development
Organizations (MDOs) to help microentrepreneurs -- very small businesses with 10
or fewer employees -- access microloans to start or develop businesses. MDOs use
the funds to provide training and technical assistance to eligible small
businesses or to establish revolving loan funds to provide micro-loans,
typically $5,000 to $50,000, to rural microentrepreneurs. Since the beginning of
the Obama Administration, the RMAP program has provided $52 million for 257
projects to support very small business enterprises.

Details about how to apply for 2014 IRP funding are on page 28886 and for 2014
RMAP funding are on page 28888 of today's Federal Register. Application forms
may be obtained from any USDA Rural Development State Office.

The Mid-Columbia Economic Development District in Maupin, Ore., used a $100,000
IRP loan and other funding to keep Maupin's local grocery store open and save
six jobs. The new owner used the funds to remodel the 90-year-old establishment,
which serves residents and tourists and is the only grocery store within 40
miles.

USDA provided $605,000 in RMAP loans and grants to California FarmLink, a
statewide non-profit serving limited-resource, underserved farmers. FarmLink
used the funds to provide 23 micro-loans and technical assistance to small
farmers in California. The farmers bought seeds, plants and equipment, hired
workers, marketed their crops and became more profitable. More than half of the
micro-loans were provided to women and minority farmers.

President Obama's plan for rural America has brought about historic investment
and resulted in stronger rural communities. Under the President's leadership,
these investments in housing, community facilities, businesses and
infrastructure have empowered rural America to continue leading the way -
strengthening America's economy, small towns and rural communities.

USDA's investments in rural communities support the rural way of life that
stands as the backbone of our American values. President Obama and Agriculture
Secretary Vilsack are committed to a smarter use of federal resources to foster
sustainable economic prosperity and ensure the government is a strong partner
for businesses, entrepreneurs and working families in rural communities.

For further information please visit: http://www.usda.gov/

LOAD-DATE: May 22, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             331 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             May 28, 2014 Wednesday

Missouri: More than $125,000 Awarded to Missouri Value-Added Agriculture
Projects

LENGTH: 424  words

DATELINE: Jefferson City


Department of Agriculture, The State of Missouri has issued the following press
release:

The Missouri Department of Agriculture today announced the awarding of more than
$125,000 of grants for agricultural businesses. The funding comes from the
Missouri Value-Added Grant Program, which provides grants for projects that
advance the development of Missouri agricultural products while aiding the
economy of a rural community.

"As Missouri agriculture moves forward, we will continue to lead the way in
supporting our farmers' innovations in production and processing technology,"
said Director of Agriculture Richard Fordyce. "Value-added agriculture is a
growing area in our state and an outstanding way for producers to diversify
their operations."

The Missouri Agricultural and Small Business Development Authority (MASBDA)
awards the value-added grants to promote the development, processing and
marketing of new or expanded uses of Missouri agricultural products that will
also aid rural economic development. The grants are funded from the sale of tax
credits and can be used for business planning purposes, such as feasibility
studies and marketing plans.

The maximum individual grant is $200,000, with the applicant required to provide
a 10 percent cash match toward the eligible expenses. This year's grants ranged
from $20,900 to $49,500, for a total of $128,665 awarded. The four grants were
awarded to:

o Hamra Farms, Sikeston - Development of a business plan supporting the growth
of a hydroponic greenhouse operation which markets produce such as lettuce,
tomatoes, cucumbers, and peppers primarily to schools, restaurants and local
grocery stores.

o Midwest Aquaculture, LLC, Montgomery City - For a feasibility study, marketing
analysis, and business plan to determine the viability of a commercial-scale,
zero-discharge, modular, indoor shrimp production and processing facility.

o Sunrise Farm, LLC, Bland - For a marketing plan, business plan and legal
services to evaluate the viability of a local meat processing plant.

o Eco Tec Surfaces, LLC, Kansas City - To fund a revised business plan,
marketing analysis and legal services for a new "green" solid surface building
material containing soybean-based urethane resin and recycled glass filler.

MASBDA, housed at the Missouri Department of Agriculture, awarded the
value-added grants to foster new enterprises that will aid rural economic
development. Applications for the 2014 grants were due to MASBDA in late 2013.

For further information please visit: http://agriculture.mo.gov/

LOAD-DATE: May 30, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             332 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               The Nuneaton News

                             August 16, 2013 Friday

Support is sought for rural businesses

BYLINE: RYAN MERRIMAN

LENGTH: 370  words


APPLICATIONS worth nearly £230,000 have been received in response to round one
of a new grant scheme for rural businesses.

Warwickshire County Council, on behalf of the Coventry and Warwickshire Locap
Enterprise Partnership (LEP), has been sent the applications to deal with.

The £500,000 scheme, which is funded by the Department for Food and Rural
Affairs (Defra) and the Rural Development Programme for England, is part of the
Warwickshire Rural Growth Network.

It is estimated that the projects submitted will create 47 jobs and safeguard
another 28 as well as lever in more than £400,000 of private sector investment.

Councillor Alan Cockburn, deputy leader of Warwickshire County Council with
responsibility for economic development, said: "Part of both Warwickshire's
Going for Growth agenda and the CWLEP's strategy is to stimulate the rural
economy and the Rural Growth Network grant funding is helping to achieve this.

"The grant scheme is part of a wider package of support including specialist
advice, one-to-one mentoring, coaching, loans and property.

"We would encourage rural businesses in any sector and people looking to start
their own business to contact us to find out how the Rural Growth Network can
help."

The projects submitted will now be assessed against the funding criteria before
consideration by a grants panel.

The next deadline for applications is noon on September 27, 2013.

Applications are particularly sought from micro businesses operating in the
manufacturing, digital media and low carbon sectors. Applications from women-led
businesses are also encouraged.

Grants from £10,000 to £100,000 are available for eligible projects and
applicants will be supported by Warwickshire's Rural Growth Network Team and the
University of Warwick Science Park's Business Support team.

Warwickshire County Council is leading the Rural Growth Network on behalf of the
Local Enterprise Partnership.

The micro-enterprise grants are part of a wider package of access to finance
activities overseen by the Local Enterprise Partnership including Growing Places
and the Regional Growth Fund.

For more information about the Rural Growth Network visit
www.warwickshire.gov.uk/ruralgrowthnetwork  or call 01926 412 709.

LOAD-DATE: August 16, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: NN


                    Copyright 2013 Iliffe News and Media Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                             333 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                    Golden Valley News (Beach, North Dakota)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                October 28, 2010

USDA awards development grant to Rural Electric Cooperative

BYLINE: Golden Valley News staff

LENGTH: 155  words


BISMARCK - At the North Dakota Association of Rural Electric Cooperatives
(NDAREC) annual board meeting, USDA Rural Development State Director Jasper
Schneider awarded the association with a $225,000 grant.

The funding is being provided through USDA Rural

Development's Rural Cooperative Development Grant (RCDG) program to help create
self-sustaining, long-term economic development in rural communities.

"The RECs strive to expand economic activity in rural North Dakota by providing
quality services," said Schneider. "Rural Development's partnership with the
co-op association will help support their efforts and highlights the continued
success of the cooperative business model as a viable organizational option."

The grant will be used by the NDAREC to operate their cooperative development
center. The center will provide technical assistance in support of the
development of cooperatives and other mutually-owned rural businesses.

LOAD-DATE: August 12, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Accomplishment

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: GOV

                      Copyright 2010 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                       Copyright 2010 Golden Valley News


                             334 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              The Bismarck Tribune

                             August 18, 2013 Sunday

Grants awarded for energy efficiency

SECTION: DAKOTA WIRE; Pg. 1C

LENGTH: 187 words


USDA Rural Development's Rural Energy for America Program awarded more than
$200,000 in grants to North Dakota businesses for renewable energy and energy
efficiency measures in their operations.

Jasper Schneider, USDA Rural Development state director, announced the grants on
Thursday.

"These projects will produce cost savings and reduce energy consumption that
will help preserve our natural resources," Schneider said. "Business operations
will become more energy efficient while increasing profitability and promoting
economic growth."

Under the terms of REAP, up to 25 percent of an eligible energy production or
conservation project can be funded through a grant. The grants announced
Thursday will be used for geothermal and wind projects, and for the replacement
of old, inefficient grain dryers.

REAP, authorized through the 2008 farm bill, provides loans and grants for
farmers, ranchers and rural small business owners to purchase and install
renewable energy systems, make energy-efficiency improvements, and conduct
feasibility studies and energy audits. For more information, visit
http://www.rurdev.usda.gov/nd.

LOAD-DATE: August 19, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


       Copyright 2013 The Bismarck Tribune, a division of Lee Enterprises
                              All Rights Reserved


                             335 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               Stirling Observer

                                August 19, 2011
                                  1st Edition

Rural grant scheme is rolled out

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 8

LENGTH: 220 words


A NEW grant scheme has been launched for rural Forth Valley businesses.

As much as pounds 10,000 in match-funding could be available if you have a
small, non-accommodation business in rural Forth Valley and have a strong idea
for sustainable development for you and the community. The funding is available
through a new grant programme from Forth Valley and Lomond LEADER. It's aimed at
helping rural tourism businesses develop sustainably while levering benefit to
their local communities.

Examples of the kind of eligible project that supports both tourism business and
local communities could be the creation of a farm shop or the development of
camping cabins that promote holidays with a low carbon footprint.

The grant available is 50 per cent of eligible development costs, up to a
maximum of pounds 10,000 - however, accommodation and self-catering projects are
not eligible.

This is a pilot project, and applications will be accepted until May 2012.
Detailed eligibility criteria are available by going to www.fvl.org.uk.

Anyone who would like to discuss a potential project can contact either Sandy
Slater, rural business adviser, Stirling Enterprise; on 01786 463 416 or by
emailm at sslater@stirling-enterprise.co.uk or Forth Valley and Lomond LEADER;
on 01786-442777 or by email at wyllies@stirling.gov.uk

LOAD-DATE: August 19, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: so


                           Copyright 2011 MGN Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             336 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             March 17, 2015 Tuesday

Funding Availability: Rural Economic Development Loan and Grant Programs

LENGTH: 2670  words


Washington, D.C.: This Notice document was issued by the Rural Business
Cooperative Service (RBS)

Action

Notice.
Summary

This Notice is to invite applications for loans and grants under the Rural
Economic Development Loan and Grant (REDLG) programs pursuant to 7 CFR part
4280, subpart A for fiscal year (FY) 2015. Funding to support $38.6 million in
loans and $9.2 million in grants is currently available. The commitment of
program dollars will be made to applicants of selected responses that have
fulfilled the necessary requirements for obligation.

All applicants are responsible for any expenses incurred in developing their
applications.
Dates

Application Deadline: Completed applications must be received in the United
States Department of Agriculture (USDA) Rural Development State Office no later
than 4:30 p.m. (local time) on the last business day of each month to be
considered for funding in the following month in FY 2015.
Addresses

Submit applications in paper format to the USDA Rural Development State Office
for the State where the project is located. A list of the USDA Rural Development
State Office contacts can be found at:
http://www.rurdev.usda.gov/StateOfficeAddresses.html.
For Further Information Contact

Kristi Kubista-Hovis at (202) 815-1589, Kristi.Kubista-Hovis@wdc.usda.gov, and
Cindy Mason at (202) 690-1433, Cindy.Mason@wdc.usda.gov Please contact the USDA
Rural Development State Office in the State in which the project will be
located.
Overview

Solicitation Opportunity Type: Rural Economic Development Loans and Grants.

Announcement Type: Initial Announcement.

Catalog of Federal Domestic Assistance Number: 10.854.

Dates: Application Deadline: Completed applications must be received in the USDA
Rural Development State Office no later than 4:30 p.m. (local time) on the last
business day of each month to be considered for funding in the following month
in FY 2015.
I. Funding Opportunity Description

A. Purpose of the Program. The purpose of the program is to promote rural
economic development and job creation projects.

B. Statutory Authority. These programs are authorized under 7 U.S.C. 940c and 7
CFR part 4280, subpart A. Assistance provided to rural areas, as defined, under
this program may include business startup costs, business expansion, business
incubators, technical assistance feasibility studies, advanced
telecommunications services and computer networks for medical, educational, and
job training services, and community facilities projects for economic
development. Awards are made on a competitive basis using specific selection
criteria contained in 7 CFR part 4280, subpart A. Information required to be in
the application includes an SF-424, "Application for Federal Assistance;" a
Resolution of the Board of Directors; AD-1047, "Debarment/Suspension
Certification;" Assurance Statement for the Uniform Act; Restrictions on
Lobbying, AD-1049, "Certification Regarding Drug-Free Workplace Requirements;"
FormRD 400-1, "Equal Opportunity Agreement;" Form RD 400-4, "Assurance
Agreement;" Seismic Certification (if construction); paperwork required in
accordance with 7 CFR 1940, subpart G, "Environmental Program." If the proposal
involves new construction; large increases in employment; hazardous waste; a
change in use, size, capacity, purpose or location from an original facility; or
is publicly controversial, the following is required: Form RD 1940-20, "Request
for Environmental Information;" RUS Form 7, "Financial and Statistical Report;"
and RUS Form 7a, "Investments, Loan Guarantees, and Loans," or similar
information; and written narrative of project description. Applications will be
tentatively scored by the State Offices and submitted to the National Office for
review.

C. Definition of Terms. The definitions applicable to this Notice are published
at 7 CFR 4280.3.

D. Application Awards. The Agency will review, evaluate, and score applications
received in response to this Notice based on the provisions found in 7 CFR part
4280, subpart A, and as indicated in this Notice. However, the Agency advises
all interested parties that the applicant bears the burden in preparing and
submitting an application in response to this Notice whether or not funding is
appropriated for these programs in FY 2015.
II. Award Information

Type of Awards: Loans and Grants.

Fiscal Year Funds: FY 2015.

Available Funds: Loans: $38.6 million; Grants: $9.2 million.

Maximum Award: The Agency anticipates the following maximum amounts per award:
Loans--$1,000,000; Grants--$300,000.

Application Dates: The last business day of each month to be considered for
funding in the following month in FY 2015.

Award Dates: The last business day of the month following the month in which
application was received. Applications will be received monthly.
III. Eligibility Information
A. Eligible Applicants

Loans and grants may be made to any entity that is identified by USDA Rural
Development as an eligible borrower under the Rural Electrification Act of 1936,
as amended (Act). In accordance with 7 CFR 4280.13, applicants that are not
delinquent on any Federal debt or otherwise disqualified from participation in
these programs are eligible to apply. An applicant must be eligible under 7
U.S.C. 940c. Notwithstanding any other provision of law, any former Rural
Utilities Service borrower that has repaid or prepaid an insured, direct or
guaranteed loan under the Act, or any not-for-profit utility that is eligible to
receive an insured or direct loan under such Act shall be eligible for
assistance under section 313(b)(2)(B) of such Act in the same manner as a
borrower under such Act. All other restrictions in this Notice will apply.
B. Cost Sharing or Matching

For loans, either the Ultimate Recipient or the Intermediary must provide
supplemental funds for the project equal to at least 20 percent of the loan to
the Intermediary. For grants, the Intermediary must establish a Revolving Loan
Fund and contribute an amount equal to at least 20 percent of the Grant. The
supplemental contribution must come from Intermediary's funds which may not be
from other Federal Grants, unless permitted by law.
C. Other Eligibility Requirements

Applications will only be accepted for projects that promote rural economic
development and job creation.
D. Completeness Eligibility

Applications will not be considered for funding if they do not provide
sufficient information to determine eligibility or are missing required
elements.
IV. Fiscal Year 2015 Application and Submission Information:
A. Address To Request Application Package

For further information, entities wishing to apply for assistance should contact
the Rural Development State Office identified in this Notice to obtain copies of
the application package.

Applicants are encouraged to submit grant applications through the Grants.gov
Web site at: http://www.grants.gov. Grant applications may be submitted in
either electronic or paper format. Loan applications must be submitted via paper
to the State Office. Applications may not be submitted by electronic mail.

When you enter the Grants.gov Web site, you will find information about
submitting an application electronically through the site, as well as the hours
of operation. USDA Rural Development strongly recommends that you do not wait
until the application deadline date to begin the application process through
Grants.gov. To use Grants.gov, applicants must have a Dun and Bradstreet Data
Universal Numbering System (DUNS) number which can be obtained at no cost via a
toll-free request line at 1-866-705-5711 or at http://fedgov.dnb.com/webform.
    You may submit all documents electronically through the Web site, including
all information typically included on the application for REDLGs and all
necessary assurances and certifications.
    After electronically submitting an application through the Web site, the
applicant will receive an automatic acknowledgement from Grants.gov that
contains a Grants.gov tracking number.
    USDA Rural Development may request that the applicant provide original
signatures on forms at a later date.
    If applicants experience technical difficulties on the closing date and are
unable to meet the deadline, you may submit a paper copy of your application to
your respective Rural Development State Office. Paper applications submitted to
a Rural Development State Office must meet the closing date and local time
deadline.
    Please note that applicants must locate the downloadable application package
for this program by the Catalog of Federal Domestic Assistance Number or
FedGrants Funding Opportunity Number, which can be found at http://www.grants.
gov.

B. Content and Form of Submission

An application must contain all of the required elements. Each selection
priority criterion outlined in 7 CFR 4280.42(b) must be addressed in the
application. Failure to address any of the criteria will result in a zero-point
score for that criterion and will impact the overall evaluation of the
application. Copies of 7 CFR part 4280, subpart A, will be provided to any
interested applicant making a request to a Rural Development State Office. An
original copy of the application must be filed with the Rural Development State
Office for the State where the Intermediary is located.
C. Submission Dates and Times

Application Dates: No later than 4:30 p.m. (local time) on the last business day
of each month to be considered for funding in the following month.

Explanation of Dates: Applications must be in the USDA Rural Development State
Office by the dates as indicated above.
V. Application Review Information
A. Criteria

All eligible and complete applications will be evaluated and scored based on the
selection criteria and weightscontained in 7 CFR part 4280, subpart A. Failure
to address any one of the criteria by the application deadline will result in
the application being determined ineligible, and the application will not be
considered for funding.

Rural Development is encouraging applications for projects that will support
rural areas where according to the American Community Survey data by census
tracts show at least 20 percent of the population is living in rural poverty.
This emphasis will support Rural Development's mission of improving the quality
of life for Rural Americans and commitment to directing resources to those who
most need them.
B. Review and Selection Process

The State Offices will review applications to determine if they are eligible for
assistance based on requirements contained in 7 CFR part 4280, subpart A. If
determined eligible, your application will be submitted to the National Office.
Funding of projects is subject to the Intermediary's satisfactory submission of
the additional items required by that subpart and the USDA Rural Development
Letter of Conditions.
VI. Award Administration Information
A. Award Notices

Successful applicants will receive notification for funding from the Rural
Development State Office. Applicants must comply with all applicable statutes
and regulations before the loan/grant award can be approved. Provided the
application and eligibility requirements have not changed, an application not
selected will be reconsidered in three subsequent funding competitions for a
total of four competitions. If an application is withdrawn, it can be
resubmitted and will be evaluated as a new application.
B. Administrative and National Policy Requirements

Additional requirements that apply to Intermediary's selected for this program
can be found in 7 CFR part 4280, subpart A. The U.S. Department of Agriculture
and the Agency are adopting the new U.S. Department of Agriculture grant
regulation at 2 CFR chapter IV. This regulation incorporates the new Office of
Management and Budget (OMB) regulations 2 CFR 200 and 2 CFR 400.1 to 400.18 for
monitoring and servicing REDLG funding.
C. Reporting

In addition to any reports required by 2 CFR 200 and 2 CFR 400.1 to 400.18, the
Intermediary must provide reports as required by 7 CFR part 4280, subpart A.
VII. Agency Contacts

For general questions about this announcement, please contact your USDA Rural
Development State Office provided in theADDRESSESsection of this Notice.
VIII. Paperwork Reduction Act

In accordance with the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995, the information
collection requirement contained in this Notice is approved by OMB under OMB
Control Number 0570-0024.
IX. National Environmental Policy Act

This Notice has been reviewed in accordance with 7 CFR part 1940, subpart G,
"Environmental Program." Rural Development has determined that the Environmental
Impact Statement is not required because the issuance of regulations and
instructions, as well as amendments to them, describing administrative and
financial procedures for processing, approving, and implementing the Agency's
financial programs is categorically excluded in the Agency's National
Environmental Policy Act (NEPA) regulation found at 7 CFR part 1940.310(e)(3) of
Subpart G, Environmental Program. Thus, in accordance with the NEPA of 1969 (42
U.S.C. 4321-4347), Rural Development has determined that this notice does not
constitute a major Federal action significantly affecting the quality of the
human environment; however, Rural Development will conduct individual NEPA
analyses on a project-by-project basis whenever warranted.
X. Federal Funding Accountability and Transparency Act

All applicants, in accordance with 2 CFR part 25, must have a DUNS number, which
can be obtained at no cost via a toll-free request line at 1-866-705-5711 or
online at http://fedgov.dnb.com/webform. Similarly, all grant applicants must be
registered in the System for Award Management (SAM) prior to submitting an
application. Applicants may register for the SAM at http://www.sam.gov. All
recipients of Federal financial grant assistance are required to report
information about first-tier sub-awards and executive total compensation in
accordance with 2 CFR part 170.
XI. Nondiscrimination Statement

The U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA) prohibits discrimination against its
customers, employees, and applicants for employment on the bases of race, color,
national origin, age, disability, sex, gender identity, religion, reprisal, and
where applicable, political beliefs, marital status, familial or parental
status, sexual orientation, or all or part of an individual's income is derived
from any public assistance program, or protected genetic information in
employment or in any program or activity conducted or funded by the Department.
(Not all prohibited bases will apply to all programs and/or employment
activities.)

If you wish to file a Civil Rights program complaint of discrimination, complete
the USDA Program Discrimination Complaint Form (PDF), found online at
http://www.ascr.usda.gov/complaint_filing_cust.html, or at any USDA office, or
call (866) 632-9992 to request the form. You may also write a letter containing
all of the information requested in the form. Send your completed complaint form
or letter to us by mail at U.S. Department of Agriculture, Director, Office of
Adjudication, 1400 Independence Avenue SW., Washington, DC 20250-9410, by fax
(202) 690-7442 or email at program.intake@usda.gov

Individuals who are deaf, hard of hearing, or have speech disabilities and wish
to file either an EEO or program complaint may contact USDA through the Federal
Relay Service at (800) 877-8339 or (800) 845-6136 (in Spanish).

Persons with disabilities, who wish to file a program complaint, please see
information above on how to contact us by mail directly or by email. If you
require alternative means of communication for program information (e.g.,
Braille, large print, audiotape, etc.) please contact USDA's TARGET Center at
(202) 720-2600 (voice and TDD).
Dated: February 27, 2015.
Lillian E. Salerno,
Administrator, Rural Business--Cooperative Service.
[FR Doc. 2015-05525 Filed 3-10-15; 8:45 am]
BILLING CODE 3410-XY-P

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: May 7, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             337 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               Carmarthen Journal

                                November 2, 2011
                                   Edition 1;
                                National Edition

Grant helps energy firm realise expansion dream

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. 48

LENGTH: 441 words


A CARMARTHENSHIRE energy business has moved into a state-of-the-art new home
with help from RDP Sir Gâr. The owners of Beacon Stoves, Ben and Francoise
Graham, are celebrating a £96,905 grant to convert an unused building into a new
base for the flourishing company.

The business was established in 1985 and operates from a house and outbuildings
at Parc Gwair, Capel Iwan. Ben and Francoise had their expansion dream realised
thanks to a Rural Conversion Grant from RDP Sir Gâr. They received the grant to
convert a building that was originally used to house pigs on the site into a new
modern showroom, training room, store rooms and entrance lobby.

Work has now been completed on the low-energy building which was constructed
with local timber and will be heated with renewable energy. The project will
safeguard four jobs and create another three, as well as providing a workshop
for training in the installation of environmentally friendly heating systems.

Owner Ben Graham said he was delighted with the grant assistance they received.
He said: "The new building gives us the opportunity to demonstrate the
convenience and low cost of modern wood heating. The government is set to make
surprisingly generous contributions to the costs of some domestic systems and
businesses can also benefit from several schemes. This should boost our local
economy in many ways."

The Rural Conversion Grant was part of a major package of funding through the
Rural Development Plan for Wales (RDP) 2007-2013, which is funded by the Welsh
Government and the European Agricultural Fund for Rural Development, to support
businesses in rural Carmarthenshire.

Applications for the Rural Conversion Grant have now closed, but a similar
scheme - the Redundant Rural Buildings Grant - is being launched. The new grant
will provide assistance to micro businesses for the conversion of redundant
rural buildings into business use premises where either new jobs are created or
existing jobs are safeguarded. Carmarthenshire Council's RDP Sir Gâr team are
behind the scheme, aimed at creating jobs and regenerating rural parts of the
area.

Regeneration executive board member Clive Scourfield said: "The Redundant Rural
Buildings Grant provides entrepreneurs in rural areas with the opportunity to
expand, safeguard or establish their business.

"It marks a major step forward in the ongoing regeneration of the county and
supports the innovative work that the council is leading to support and develop
our communities." ?For further details on the Redundant Rural Buildings Grant
and other RDP Sir Gâr grants and support available, visit www.wwec.org.uk or
call 01267 242 319.

LOAD-DATE: November 2, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: BOOST: Carmarthenshire Council regeneration executive board member
Clive Scourfield with Beacon Stoves owners Ben and Francoise Graham at their new
premises.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: CRJ


                       Copyright 2011 Carmarthen Journal
                              All Rights Reserved


                             338 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                              Western Daily Press

                          September 16, 2015 Wednesday

James Stephen Funds available if you know where to look

SECTION: NEWS:OTHER; Pg. 4-5

LENGTH: 430  words


Farming Minister George Eustice says another £8 million is now available from
the Growth Programme for rural businesses looking to expand and promote tourism.

Hopefully this new funding will help unlock the potential in farming businesses
across the country, but understanding how to access the money does not seem
straightforward.

The Growth Programme provides grants to aid projects in England which create
jobs and help the rural economy grow. They are funded by the European
Agricultural Fund for Rural Development (EAFRD).  The Rural Payments Agency
manages the grants, working with Local Enterprise Partnerships (LEPs).

However, the LEPs are not well equipped to manage the process of handling these
funds.  In the past,  similar grant schemes have been various handled centrally
by DEFRA and then by the Regional Development Agencies (RDAs) and following
their demise in 2010, by the newly created LEPs.

LEPs are a rather strange invention of the last government which simply scrapped
the old RDAs for ideological reasons and then left it to local authorities and
businesses to set up their own LEPs.  This has proved a difficult task and now
these bodies are being tasked with coordinating the delivery of funds such as
the EAFRD which will prove a big challenge.

Having looked at the website for the Heart of the South West, which is the LEP
covering Somerset and Devon, there is no obvious reference to this latest
funding, although in the August newsletter, rural businesses are signposted to
the LEADER scheme. This scheme is described as:  "One element of the Rural
Development Programme for England, funded by the EU and Defra.  There is in the
region of £12 million of funding available for projects that meet the
eligibility criteria throughout most of rural Devon and Somerset, and the
funding is available until December 2020.

"Grants will be available to support the local rural economy, and will be
particularly aimed at increasing farm productivity, developing micro and small
enterprises and farm diversification, rural tourism, rural services, cultural
and heritage activity and increasing forestry productivity."

The funding is being administered by eight Local Action Groups (LAGs), each
covering a specific area and focused on the things that matter most to their
local economies.

So, if you are a Somerset farming business interested in getting hold of some of
this funding,  I suggest that you contact this scheme in the hope they will have
some idea about how you can access them.

James Stephen is partner in charge of Carter Jonas' South West rural team

LOAD-DATE: September 15, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                           Copyright 2015 Localworld
                              All Rights Reserved


                             339 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                 Worcester News

                          November 18, 2015 Wednesday

Time running out to apply for rural business grants

BYLINE: Mike Pryce

SECTION: BUSINESS NEWS

LENGTH: 298 words


TIME is running out for Worcestershire's rural businesses to apply for a share
of £300,000.

The Business Development Fund is available to new and existing businesses in
rural areas that are seeking grant assistance for investments to expand and
create new jobs, with the opportunity to receive grants from £35,000 up to
approximately £100,000. However, the closing date for applications is 5pm on
Friday, November 27.

Applicants can apply for a grant to cover up to 40 per cent of the project's
total eligible costs. Projects will need to demonstrate and evidence how they
can create a number of new jobs and increase their overall wages. The funding is
designed to benefit Worcestershire Local Enterprise Partnership's priority
growth sectors of agri-food/agri-tech, advanced manufacturing and cyber/
defence, by for example, improving farm diversification, construction and
development of workshops, factories and machinery and the introduction of new
technologies and equipment to improve productivity and efficiency.

Gary Woodman, executive director of the Worcestershire LEP, said: "EAFRD funding
is now available for rural business development in Worcestershire. The funding
is a fantastic opportunity for businesses in rural areas to expand and create
jobs, providing a great boost the local economy. I would strongly encourage any
interested parties to apply for this call for funding before the November 27
deadline."

The 2014-20 ESIF Growth programme launched in March 2015 and this latest round
of funding has £300,000 available to support the development of rural businesses
in Worcestershire. For more information on the funding available, contact Jo
Jury by emailing jo.jury@rpa.gsi.gov.uk or by phoning 01905 768854. For further
information on ESIF funding visit the gov.uk website.

LOAD-DATE: November 18, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2015 NewsQuest Media Group Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             340 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Spokesman Review (Spokane, WA)

                           October 11, 2007 Thursday
                                 Idaho Edition

Grant enables free advice for rural businesses;

BYLINE: Parker Howell Staff writer

SECTION: A; Pg. 8

LENGTH: 449 words


Small businesses and would-be entrepreneurs in Ferry, Stevens and Pend Oreille
counties can receive free advice on subjects such as business planning,
marketing and e-commerce through a new program.

The Inland Northwest Women's Business Center of Spokane will offer the Northeast
Washington Business Development Network using $98,164 in federal grant money.

"Although the WBC has served the Tri-County area for three years from our main
office, we've found that small businesses in that area need technical assistance
and targeted programs where their business resides," according to Spokane
nonprofit Tincan, the center's parent organization.

The program will provide weekly on-site technical assistance, along with monthly
workshops and Web development assistance, according to Tincan.

While counseling will be free, some trainings will cost a small fee, said Karen
Michaelson, Tincan's executive director.

A business adviser is available Tuesdays in Colville at the Tri-County Economic
Development District office and Thursdays at the Newport-Oldtown Chamber of
Commerce, she said. Tincan is looking for an adviser to provide assistance to
Ferry County and the northern tier of the Tri-County area.

The U.S. Department of Agriculture's Rural Development agency provided the
grant.

Tincan, formerly an acronym for The Inland Northwest Community Access Network,
has undergone a legal name change, Michaelson said.

The women's center, founded by Michaelson in 2004, offers free business
counseling and other services.

Appointments for the three-county program are available by calling the center at
(509) 747-2821.

The Kalispel Tribe of Indians, which also received grant money from the agency,
has revised plans for its $184,000, a tribal spokeswoman said Wednesday.

The tribe had planned to spend the money to establish a for-profit
telecommunications company to install fiber-optic cable for businesses on its
reservation and nearby areas of Pend Oreille County, according to the agency.
Current plans call for installing fiber-optic cable for high-speed Internet
access to a tribe-owned commerce park in Cusick, near its reservation, said
tribal spokeswoman April Pierre.

SIDEBAR: APPLICATIONS WELCOME

Rural cities, counties, tribes and nonprofits may apply for economic development
grants through the U.S. Department of Agriculture's Rural Development agency,
which is accepting applications, an official said.

The agency is expected to accept applications until late December, said LeRoy
Debes, an agency business programs specialist. Rural areas are towns or
unincorporated areas outside a community of 50,000 people, he said.

For more information, call Debes at (509) 924-7350 ext. 115.

LOAD-DATE: October 12, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES: Staff writer Parker Howell may be reached at (509) 459-5491 or by e-mail
at parkerh@spokesman.com

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2007 Spokane Spokesman-Review


                             341 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                       The New Era (Parker, South Dakota)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                October 25, 2012

Agriculture Secretary Vilsack announces funding for projects to boost renewable
energy production, reduce engery consumption

BYLINE: The New Era staff

LENGTH: 723  words


Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack today announced funding for 244 projects
nationwide that are focused on helping agricultural producers and rural small
businesses reduce energy consumption and costs, and use renewable energy
technologies in their operations. Funding is made available through USDA's Rural
Energy for America Program (REAP).

"As part of President Obama's "all of the above" energy strategy, USDA has
partnered with thousands of America's farmers, ranchers and rural businesses to
help them save energy and improve their bottom line," said Vilsack. "This effort
is helping to provide stable energy costs that create an environment for
sustainable job growth in rural America."

In South Dakota:

Db Garber in Mansfield has been selected to receive a $39,295 grant to replace a
grain dryer. This project will decrease energy usage 66 percent by replacing an
old inefficient grain dryer and grain handling equipment with a new efficient
and air handling system.

Ronald Fischer in Tripp has been selected to receive a $39,233 grant to install
two flex fuel dispensers.

Aaron Johnson in Bristol has been selected to receive a $33,330 grant to replace
a grain dryer. This project will decrease energy usage 58 percent by replacing
an old, inefficient dryer with a new energy-efficient dryer and pneumatic air
system.

Pump N Stuff Riverside, LLC in Yankton was selected to receive a $21,850 grant
to install flex fuel dispensers. This project will replace four of five
conventional fuel dispensers with flexible fuel dispensers.

Pump N Stuff Vermillion, LLC in Vermillion was selected to receive a $16,084
grant to install flex fuel dispensers. This project will be able to replace both
conventional fuel dispensers with flexible fuel dispensers.

Pump N Stuff Cen-terville, LLC in Centerville was selected to receive a $12,406
grant to install two flex fuel dispensers. This project will be able to replace
two of three conventional fuel dispensers with flexible fuel dispensers.

Blake Sime in Revillo was selected to receive a $25,112 grant to replace a grain
dryer. This project consists of replacing an inefficient grain dryer and grain
handling system with a new GSI dryer and air handling system.

Robert Ellsworth in Stephan was selected to receive a $48,098 grant to install
two flex fuel dispensers.

REAP offers financial assistance to farmers, ranchers and rural small businesses
to purchase and install renewable energy systems and make energy-efficiency
improvements. These federal funds leverage other funding sources for businesses.
In all, USDA announced over $16 million in energy investments today.

This announcement is an example of investments the Obama Administration is
making to help create jobs and grow the rural economy. For a complete listing of
Rural Energy for America Program grant and loan recipients announced today,
please click here.

For additional information on Rural Development projects, please visit Rural
Development's new interactive web map featuring program funding and success
stories for fiscal years 2009-2011. The data can be found at:
http://www.rur-dev.usda.gov/RDSuccessS-tories.html.

President Obama's plan for rural America has brought about historic investment
and resulted in stronger rural communities. Under the President's leadership,
these investments in housing, community facilities, businesses and
infrastructure have empowered rural America to continue leading the way
strengthening America's economy, small towns and rural communities. USDA's
investments in rural communities support the rural way of life that stands as
the backbone of our American values. President Obama and Agriculture Secretary
Tom Vilsack are committed to a smarter use of Federal resources to foster
sustainable economic prosperity and ensure the government is a strong partner
for businesses, entrepreneurs and working families in rural communities.

USDA, through its Rural Development mission area, administers and manages
housing, business and community infrastructure programs through a national
network of state and local offices. Rural Development has an active portfolio of
more than $172 billion in loans and loan guarantees. These programs are designed
to improve the economic stability of rural communities, businesses, residents,
farmers and ranchers and improve the quality of life in rural America.

LOAD-DATE: March 26, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Local Government

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: NER

                      Copyright 2012 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                           Copyright 2012 The New Era


                             342 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     Deseret Morning News (Salt Lake City)

                              May 20, 2016 Friday

Nearly $2M in incentives approved for rural businesses

BYLINE: Jasen Lee Deseret News

LENGTH: 534 words


By Jasen Lee

Deseret News

SALT LAKE CITY - The Governor's Office of Economic Development announced
Thursday that its board of directors recently approved eight rural Utah
businesses for Rural Fast Track grants. The eight projects are expected to
create up to 84 new jobs paying between 110 percent and 125 percent of the
counties' average wages.

The projects represent a record level of private investment, explained Linda
Gillmor, director of the Office of Rural Development at GOED. In aggregate, more
than $300,000 in post-performance grant funding will be matched by $1.9 million
in private investment, she said.

"The private sector is making important investments in rural Utah," Gillmor
said.

Rural Fast Track grants are post-performance matching funds available to small
businesses in qualifying Utah counties. All but one of the state's 25 rural
counties can participate in the program, she noted.

Aimed at creating high-paying local jobs, the program provides an efficient way
for rural companies to purchase necessary equipment, create new positions or
reach other goals to grow their business, Gillmor said.

"One of our goals is to grow and support Utah businesses in both rural and urban
communities," said GOED Executive Director Val Hale. "We use programs like Rural
Fast Track to maintain the entrepreneurial spirit in communities statewide, and
these eight fast-growing companies are a great example."

The eight projects receiving incentives are the Applied Composite Technology -
Aerospace in Gunnison; Diamond S Manufacturing in Ephraim; Far West Construction
in Mount Pleasant; Ophir-Spiricon LLC in North Logan; Bywater Products in Hyrum;
Waste and Water Logistics in Helper; High Desert Excavation in Green River; and
Dutson Supply Co. in Delta.

"It is a statewide network of economic development professionals and business
service providers," Gillmor explained. "We want to help the communities maintain
their historic cultural ways of living, but also want to help level the playing
field between rural and urban."

She said helping rural communities grow and diversify economically will help
strengthen the state's economic foundation and improve the opportunities for
success for all Utahns.

"This opportunity is just part of a tool box of incentives that help rural
businesses," Gillmor said.

The major tool the agency uses is the Business Expansion and Retention, or BEAR,
initiative, she noted.

The program is designed to assist in growing new and existing rural businesses,
influence rural job creation, and increase economic diversity in rural regions
by enhancing the level of technical services provided, according to the GOED
website.

The initiative is available to rural county economic development offices,
tribes, associations of governments, business resource Centers, small-business
development centers, and formal partnership consortiums directly involving these
entities within the state for business training and skill development, the
website states.

The program proactively targets rural businesses making connections between
companies and needed existing resources from all agencies, higher education and
other resources, Gillmor added.

Email: jlee@deseretnews.com

Twitter: JasenLee1

LOAD-DATE: May 20, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2016 The Deseret News Publishing Co.


                             343 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Times-News (Twin Falls, Idaho)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             June 21, 2007 Thursday

Help for the economic helpers: MV rural economic development group earns third
state grant

BYLINE: Nick Coltrain, The Times-News, Twin Falls, Idaho

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 485 words


Jun. 21--GOODING -- The Rural Magic Valley Economic Development Association
doesn't normally make headlines, said director Kelly Bangerter.

People notice the association on the rare occasion when it brings a big business
to one of the many Magic Valley towns it serves, Bangerter said. But its
day-to-day efforts go largely unnoticed, he said.

"Everyone expects you to land the big Kiefer (Built Inc.) or Jayco Trailer-type
contracts; these are the ones that grab headlines," he said. "They don't see
headlines that say, oh, we helped ABC Business stay in business. I guess we
don't toot our own horn enough."

The daily work made enough of a difference to help the economic development
group earn a three-year grant from the state this week. This is the third time
the group has been given the three-year grant, which guarantees $41,500 to the
group every year to help pay the salaries of full-time staff.

Bangerter said many of the small communities in the area don't have the money to
fully support an economic development department, so they rely on state money to
support the Magic Valley department. The communities still need to pool their
money to match the state grant, which means about $10,000 per community per year
goes to the program, Bangerter said.

Randy Shroll, manager of business development for the state department of
commerce, said these services are necessary to diversify the often
agriculture-reliant rural communities.

"You need to support your natural resource-based industry, but they (rural
communities) need to diversify so when that industry falls on hard times it
doesn't take the community and the economy with it," Shroll said.

Bangerter said they avoid bringing huge businesses and industries to these rural
towns to stop communities from relying on the industry. He said the largest
businesses they reach for have about 75 employees, though the largest companies
they help have fewer than a dozen employees.

Bangerter said the main service they offer, regardless of company size, is to
act as an advisor. He said they help companies secure grants for workforce
training and help large companies learn about the area. No matter, though,
Bangerter said they need to help businesses the best they can so the economies
and quality of life in rural Magic Valley constantly improves.

"These people are going to be our cheerleaders for future businesses to come,"
Bangerter said.

Times-News staff writer Nick Coltrain can be reached 735-3371 or at
ncoltrain@magicvalley.com

To see more of The Times-News, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.magicvalley.com Copyright (c) 2007, The Times-News, Twin Falls, Idaho
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: June 22, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20070621-TW-0621-Help-for-the-economic-helpers

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: TW


                           Copyright 2007 Times-News


                             344 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                   The Record-Eagle (Traverse City, Michigan)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                            November 13, 2015 Friday

Pair of local businesses win $250,000 grants

BYLINE: The Record-Eagle, Traverse City, Mich.

SECTION: BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL NEWS

LENGTH: 392 words


Nov. 13--TRAVERSE CITY -- Brengman Brothers LLC and Gallagher's Vineyard and
Winery Corp. each will receive a $250,000 grant from the United States
Department of Agriculture.

The USDA Rural Development's Value-Added Producer Grant program awarded nearly
$34 million to 258 businesses across the nation. Eight recipients in Michigan
received a total of $851,030 from the program.

Rural Development Deputy Under Secretary Vernita F. Dore said in a release that
the funding will help farmers and ranchers develop new products, improve their
operations' bottom lines and help grow a robust local and regional food system.

She said Value-Added Producer Grants provide capital to enable agricultural
producers to grow their business through diversification. The USDA's support is
especially important for new farmers and smaller farm operations, she said.

Value-Added Producer Grants can be used to develop new agricultural products or
additional markets for existing ones. Military veterans, socially-disadvantaged
and beginning farmers and ranchers, operators of small- and medium-sized family
farms and ranches, and farmer and rancher cooperatives are given priority when
applying for these grants.

Gallagher's Vineyard and Winery Corp., of Cedar, was granted $250,000 for
working capital to turn 15 acres of grapes into wine and open a tasting room.

Brengman Brothers LLC, of Traverse City, was granted $250,000 in working capital
to open a second tasting room, in Grand Rapids, with a food pairing option.

Campbell Milarch LLC, of Copemish will receive $19,300 in Rural Development
planning grant funds to be used to develop a business plan, marketing plan and
feasibility study for its "truly Michigan" vinifera vine business.

Leelanau Fruit Company of Suttons Bay, will receive $5,015 to conduct a
feasibility study on of a new market expansion of maraschino cherries.

Funding of each award is contingent on the recipient meeting the terms of the
grant agreement.

Since 2009, USDA has awarded 1,115 Value-Added Producer Grants totaling $154
million.

Rural Development helped 84 agricultural producers carry out local foods
projects in 2014 through almost $8.9 million in Value-Added Producer Grant
awards.

___ (c)2015 The Record-Eagle (Traverse City, Mich.) Visit The Record-Eagle
(Traverse City, Mich.) at record-eagle.com Distributed by Tribune Content
Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: November 18, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20151113-ZK-Pair-of-local-businesses-win-250,000-grants-1113-20151113

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: ZK


                        Copyright 2015 The Record-Eagle


                             345 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                              May 26, 2014 Monday

Washington: USDA Announces Availability of Loans and Grants to Support Rural
Economic Development

LENGTH: 671  words

DATELINE: Washington


US Department of Agriculture, The Government of USA has issued the following
news release:

Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack today announced that the Department is
accepting applications for loans and grants to support community development
projects, business expansion and job creation.

"These USDA investments are part of the Obama Administration's ongoing efforts
to create jobs and expand economic opportunities for rural entrepreneurs,"
Vilsack said. "Through them, USDA is working with local organizations to provide
capital to help small business owners achieve their goals. These investments are
helping rural residents take the next steps on the ladder to greater success and
opportunity."

Assistance is being provided through two USDA Rural Development programs: the
Intermediary Relending Program (IRP) and the Rural Microentrepreneur Assistance
Program (RMAP). The 2014 Farm Bill reauthorized both programs through 2018. For
Fiscal Year 2014, $18.9 million in IRP loans are available, and $25.4 million in
RMAP loans and grants are available.

Under IRP, USDA lends money to economic development intermediaries (non-profits
and public bodies) who re-lend it to rural businesses (ultimate recipients) that
might not otherwise be able to obtain such financing. The program supports
sustainable economic development and helps create or retain jobs in
disadvantaged and remote communities. USDA encourages intermediaries to work
with state and regional representatives and with other public and private
organizations that can provide complementary resources. Since President Obama
took office, the IRP program has created or saved an estimated 92,000 jobs.

Under RMAP, USDA provides loans and grants to Microenterprise Development
Organizations (MDOs) to help microentrepreneurs -- very small businesses with 10
or fewer employees -- access microloans to start or develop businesses. MDOs use
the funds to provide training and technical assistance to eligible small
businesses or to establish revolving loan funds to provide micro-loans,
typically $5,000 to $50,000, to rural microentrepreneurs. Since the beginning of
the Obama Administration, the RMAP program has provided $52 million for 257
projects to support very small business enterprises.

Details about how to apply for 2014 IRP funding are on page 28886 and for 2014
RMAP funding are on page 28888 of today's Federal Register. Application forms
may be obtained from any USDA Rural Development State Office.

The Mid-Columbia Economic Development District in Maupin, Ore., used a $100,000
IRP loan and other funding to keep Maupin's local grocery store open and save
six jobs. The new owner used the funds to remodel the 90-year-old establishment,
which serves residents and tourists and is the only grocery store within 40
miles.

USDA provided $605,000 in RMAP loans and grants to California FarmLink, a
statewide non-profit serving limited-resource, underserved farmers. FarmLink
used the funds to provide 23 micro-loans and technical assistance to small
farmers in California. The farmers bought seeds, plants and equipment, hired
workers, marketed their crops and became more profitable. More than half of the
micro-loans were provided to women and minority farmers.

President Obama's plan for rural America has brought about historic investment
and resulted in stronger rural communities. Under the President's leadership,
these investments in housing, community facilities, businesses and
infrastructure have empowered rural America to continue leading the way -
strengthening America's economy, small towns and rural communities.

USDA's investments in rural communities support the rural way of life that
stands as the backbone of our American values. President Obama and Agriculture
Secretary Vilsack are committed to a smarter use of federal resources to foster
sustainable economic prosperity and ensure the government is a strong partner
for businesses, entrepreneurs and working families in rural communities.

For more information please visit: http://www.usda.gov

LOAD-DATE: May 26, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             346 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                   Turtle Mountain Star (Rolla, North Dakota)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                               September 27, 2010

Rolette gets part of $320,000 grant

BYLINE: Turtle Mountain Star staff

LENGTH: 154  words


Senators Kent Conrad and Byron Dorgan and Congressman Earl Pomeroy announced
today that the U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA) has awarded $321,703 in
federal funding to help spark economic development in several rural communities
in North Dakota.

The grant was awarded by the USDA's Rural Development, with funds appropriated
by Congress.

"This investment is intended to help several rural communities in North Dakota
create economic development strategies that will boost jobs, grow small
businesses and build robust local economies," the delegation said in a joint
statement.

The grants are from USDA's Rural Business Opportunity Grants program, which
supports regional planning activities to improve economic conditions in rural
areas.

Two area North Dakota communities were among those receiving the grants.
Bottineau County Economic Development Corporation was awarded $66,250 and the
City of Rolette was awarded $29,500.

LOAD-DATE: August 3, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Economy

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: TUR

                      Copyright 2010 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                      Copyright 2010 Turtle Mountain Star


                             347 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                         The Lovell Chronicle (Wyoming)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                               February 26, 2015

Big Horn Basin chambers to host USDA/Rurai Development grant and lending
workshops

BYLINE: The Lovell Chronicle staff

LENGTH: 448  words


The three Big Horn County Chambers are hosting two workshops that will feature
grant and loan programs available through USDA/Rural Development. The workshops
will be in March or April.

The chambers are asking to hear from their members and the public as to which
programs the public would like to see. The choices are:

Business and Industry (B&I) Guaranteed Loan Program, target audience would be
lenders and businesses. The purpose of the B&I Guaranteed Loan Program is to
improve, develop or finance business, industry and employment and improve the
economic and environmental climate in rural communities. This purpose is
achieved by bolstering the existing private credit structure through the
guarantee of quality loans, which will provide lasting community benefits. It is
not intended that the guarantee authority will be used for marginal or
substandard loans or for relief of lenders having such loans.

Rural Energy For America Program (REAP), target audience would be ag producers
or small businesses. The Rural Energy for America Program (REAP) provides
financial assistance to agricultural producers and rural small businesses in
rural America to purchase, install and construct renewable energy systems; make
energy efficiency improvements to non-residential buildings and facilities; and
use renewable technologies that reduce energy consumption.

Energy Audit and Renewable Energy Development Assistance (EA/REDA) element to
the energy program, target audience would be units of state, tribal or local
government; instrumentalities of state, tribal or local government; university
or institution of higher education; rural electric cooperatives; public power
entities; and resource conservation and development councils. Funding is
provided to perform technical assistance in conducting and promoting energy
audits and renewable energy development assistance.

Rural Business Enterprise Grant (RBEG) Program, target audience would be private
non-profits, public bodies and tribal entities. The purpose of this program is
to assist small and emerging private business enterprises.

While the workshops will only focus on the two most requested programs there
will be information regarding these and other programs available through USDA/
Rural Development at the workshops.

The chambers need to hear from the public as soon as possible about which
programs and what days/times they would be able to attend. The workshops will
most likely be held Monday-Friday with one a morning class and the second an
evening class. The proposed location will be the Weed and Pest building at the
junction of U.S. Highways 310 and 14/16/20.

Call the Lovell, Greybull or Basin chamber as soon as possible.

LOAD-DATE: April 6, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: People

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: LOV

                      Copyright 2015 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                      Copyright 2015 The Lovell Chronicle


                             348 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            August 4, 2016 Thursday

FEDERAL REGISTER: Notice of Request for Extension of a Currently Approved
Information Collection Pages 51430 - 51430 [FR DOC # 2016-18497]

LENGTH: 630  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: Office of the Federal Register has issued the following notice:



 DEPARTMENT OF AGRICULTURE Rural Business-Cooperative Service Notice of Request
for Extension of a Currently Approved Information Collection AGENCY: Rural
Business-Cooperative Service, USDA ACTION: Proposed collection, comments
requested.
----------------------------------------------------------------------- SUMMARY:
In accordance with the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995, this notice announces
the Rural Business-Cooperative Service's (RBS) intention to request an extension
for a currently approved information collection in support of the Rural
Cooperative Development Grants program.

DATES: Comments on this notice must be received by October 3, 2016 to be assured
of consideration. FOR FURTHER INFORMATION CONTACT: Susan Horst, Management and
Program Analyst, Cooperative Services, Rural Business-Cooperative Service, U.S.
Department of Agriculture, Stop 3250, Room 4214, South Agriculture Building,
1400 Independence Avenue SW., Washington, DC 20250-3250. Telephone (202)
260-5952. SUPPLEMENTARY INFORMATION: Title: Rural Cooperative Development
Grants. OMB Number: 0570-0006. Expiration Date of Approval: December 31, 2016.
Type of Request: Intent to extend the clearance for collection of information
under RD Instruction 4284-F, Rural Cooperative Development Grants. Abstract: The
primary purpose of the RBS is to promote understanding, use, and development of
the cooperative form of business as a viable option for enhancing the income of
agricultural producers and other rural residents. The primary objective of the
Rural Cooperative Development Grants program is to improve the economic
condition of rural areas through cooperative development. Grants will be awarded
on a competitive basis to nonprofit corporations and institutions of higher
education based on specific selection criteria. Estimate of Burden: Public
reporting burden for this collection of information is estimated to average 15
minutes to 80 hours per response. Respondents: Nonprofit corporations and
institutions of higher education. Estimated Number of Respondents: 55. Estimated
Number of Responses per Respondent: 8.4. Estimated Number of Responses: 462.
Estimated Total Annual Burden on Respondents: 6,182 hours. Copies of this
information collection can be obtained from Jeanne Jacobs, Regulations and
Paperwork Management Branch, at (202) 692-0040. Comments: Comments are invited
on: (a) Whether the proposed collection of information is necessary for the
proper performance of RBS functions, including whether the information will have
practical utility; (b) the accuracy of RBS' estimate of the burden of the
proposed collection of information, including the validity of the methodology
and assumptions used; (c) ways to enhance the quality, utility, and clarity of
the information to be collected; and (d) ways to minimize the burden of the
collection of information on those who are to respond, including through the use
of appropriate automated, electronic, mechanical, or other technological
collection techniques or other forms of information technology. Comments may be
sent to Jeanne Jacobs, Regulations and Paperwork Management Branch, U.S.
Department of Agriculture, Rural Development, Stop 0742, 1400 Independence
Avenue SW., Washington, DC 20250. All responses to this notice will be
summarized and included in the request for Office of Management and Budget
approval. All comments will also become a matter of public record. Dated: July
21, 2016. Samuel H. Rikkers, Administrator, Rural Business-Cooperative Service.
[FR Doc. 2016-18497 Filed 8-3-16; 8:45 am] BILLING CODE P



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: August 5, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             349 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            August 4, 2016 Thursday

FEDERAL REGISTER: Notice of Request for Extension of a Currently Approved
Information Collection Pages 51430 - 51430 [FR DOC # 2016-18497]

LENGTH: 630  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: Office of the Federal Register has issued the following notice:



 DEPARTMENT OF AGRICULTURE Rural Business-Cooperative Service Notice of Request
for Extension of a Currently Approved Information Collection AGENCY: Rural
Business-Cooperative Service, USDA ACTION: Proposed collection, comments
requested.
----------------------------------------------------------------------- SUMMARY:
In accordance with the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995, this notice announces
the Rural Business-Cooperative Service's (RBS) intention to request an extension
for a currently approved information collection in support of the Rural
Cooperative Development Grants program.

DATES: Comments on this notice must be received by October 3, 2016 to be assured
of consideration. FOR FURTHER INFORMATION CONTACT: Susan Horst, Management and
Program Analyst, Cooperative Services, Rural Business-Cooperative Service, U.S.
Department of Agriculture, Stop 3250, Room 4214, South Agriculture Building,
1400 Independence Avenue SW., Washington, DC 20250-3250. Telephone (202)
260-5952. SUPPLEMENTARY INFORMATION: Title: Rural Cooperative Development
Grants. OMB Number: 0570-0006. Expiration Date of Approval: December 31, 2016.
Type of Request: Intent to extend the clearance for collection of information
under RD Instruction 4284-F, Rural Cooperative Development Grants. Abstract: The
primary purpose of the RBS is to promote understanding, use, and development of
the cooperative form of business as a viable option for enhancing the income of
agricultural producers and other rural residents. The primary objective of the
Rural Cooperative Development Grants program is to improve the economic
condition of rural areas through cooperative development. Grants will be awarded
on a competitive basis to nonprofit corporations and institutions of higher
education based on specific selection criteria. Estimate of Burden: Public
reporting burden for this collection of information is estimated to average 15
minutes to 80 hours per response. Respondents: Nonprofit corporations and
institutions of higher education. Estimated Number of Respondents: 55. Estimated
Number of Responses per Respondent: 8.4. Estimated Number of Responses: 462.
Estimated Total Annual Burden on Respondents: 6,182 hours. Copies of this
information collection can be obtained from Jeanne Jacobs, Regulations and
Paperwork Management Branch, at (202) 692-0040. Comments: Comments are invited
on: (a) Whether the proposed collection of information is necessary for the
proper performance of RBS functions, including whether the information will have
practical utility; (b) the accuracy of RBS' estimate of the burden of the
proposed collection of information, including the validity of the methodology
and assumptions used; (c) ways to enhance the quality, utility, and clarity of
the information to be collected; and (d) ways to minimize the burden of the
collection of information on those who are to respond, including through the use
of appropriate automated, electronic, mechanical, or other technological
collection techniques or other forms of information technology. Comments may be
sent to Jeanne Jacobs, Regulations and Paperwork Management Branch, U.S.
Department of Agriculture, Rural Development, Stop 0742, 1400 Independence
Avenue SW., Washington, DC 20250. All responses to this notice will be
summarized and included in the request for Office of Management and Budget
approval. All comments will also become a matter of public record. Dated: July
21, 2016. Samuel H. Rikkers, Administrator, Rural Business-Cooperative Service.
[FR Doc. 2016-18497 Filed 8-3-16; 8:45 am] BILLING CODE P



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: August 5, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             350 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            August 4, 2016 Thursday

FEDERAL REGISTER: Notice of Request for Extension of a Currently Approved
Information Collection Pages 51430 - 51430 [FR DOC # 2016-18497]

LENGTH: 630  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: Office of the Federal Register has issued the following notice:



 DEPARTMENT OF AGRICULTURE Rural Business-Cooperative Service Notice of Request
for Extension of a Currently Approved Information Collection AGENCY: Rural
Business-Cooperative Service, USDA ACTION: Proposed collection, comments
requested.
----------------------------------------------------------------------- SUMMARY:
In accordance with the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995, this notice announces
the Rural Business-Cooperative Service's (RBS) intention to request an extension
for a currently approved information collection in support of the Rural
Cooperative Development Grants program.

DATES: Comments on this notice must be received by October 3, 2016 to be assured
of consideration. FOR FURTHER INFORMATION CONTACT: Susan Horst, Management and
Program Analyst, Cooperative Services, Rural Business-Cooperative Service, U.S.
Department of Agriculture, Stop 3250, Room 4214, South Agriculture Building,
1400 Independence Avenue SW., Washington, DC 20250-3250. Telephone (202)
260-5952. SUPPLEMENTARY INFORMATION: Title: Rural Cooperative Development
Grants. OMB Number: 0570-0006. Expiration Date of Approval: December 31, 2016.
Type of Request: Intent to extend the clearance for collection of information
under RD Instruction 4284-F, Rural Cooperative Development Grants. Abstract: The
primary purpose of the RBS is to promote understanding, use, and development of
the cooperative form of business as a viable option for enhancing the income of
agricultural producers and other rural residents. The primary objective of the
Rural Cooperative Development Grants program is to improve the economic
condition of rural areas through cooperative development. Grants will be awarded
on a competitive basis to nonprofit corporations and institutions of higher
education based on specific selection criteria. Estimate of Burden: Public
reporting burden for this collection of information is estimated to average 15
minutes to 80 hours per response. Respondents: Nonprofit corporations and
institutions of higher education. Estimated Number of Respondents: 55. Estimated
Number of Responses per Respondent: 8.4. Estimated Number of Responses: 462.
Estimated Total Annual Burden on Respondents: 6,182 hours. Copies of this
information collection can be obtained from Jeanne Jacobs, Regulations and
Paperwork Management Branch, at (202) 692-0040. Comments: Comments are invited
on: (a) Whether the proposed collection of information is necessary for the
proper performance of RBS functions, including whether the information will have
practical utility; (b) the accuracy of RBS' estimate of the burden of the
proposed collection of information, including the validity of the methodology
and assumptions used; (c) ways to enhance the quality, utility, and clarity of
the information to be collected; and (d) ways to minimize the burden of the
collection of information on those who are to respond, including through the use
of appropriate automated, electronic, mechanical, or other technological
collection techniques or other forms of information technology. Comments may be
sent to Jeanne Jacobs, Regulations and Paperwork Management Branch, U.S.
Department of Agriculture, Rural Development, Stop 0742, 1400 Independence
Avenue SW., Washington, DC 20250. All responses to this notice will be
summarized and included in the request for Office of Management and Budget
approval. All comments will also become a matter of public record. Dated: July
21, 2016. Samuel H. Rikkers, Administrator, Rural Business-Cooperative Service.
[FR Doc. 2016-18497 Filed 8-3-16; 8:45 am] BILLING CODE P



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: August 5, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             351 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            August 4, 2016 Thursday

FEDERAL REGISTER: Notice of Request for Extension of a Currently Approved
Information Collection Pages 51430 - 51430 [FR DOC # 2016-18497]

LENGTH: 630  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: Office of the Federal Register has issued the following notice:



 DEPARTMENT OF AGRICULTURE Rural Business-Cooperative Service Notice of Request
for Extension of a Currently Approved Information Collection AGENCY: Rural
Business-Cooperative Service, USDA ACTION: Proposed collection, comments
requested.
----------------------------------------------------------------------- SUMMARY:
In accordance with the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995, this notice announces
the Rural Business-Cooperative Service's (RBS) intention to request an extension
for a currently approved information collection in support of the Rural
Cooperative Development Grants program.

DATES: Comments on this notice must be received by October 3, 2016 to be assured
of consideration. FOR FURTHER INFORMATION CONTACT: Susan Horst, Management and
Program Analyst, Cooperative Services, Rural Business-Cooperative Service, U.S.
Department of Agriculture, Stop 3250, Room 4214, South Agriculture Building,
1400 Independence Avenue SW., Washington, DC 20250-3250. Telephone (202)
260-5952. SUPPLEMENTARY INFORMATION: Title: Rural Cooperative Development
Grants. OMB Number: 0570-0006. Expiration Date of Approval: December 31, 2016.
Type of Request: Intent to extend the clearance for collection of information
under RD Instruction 4284-F, Rural Cooperative Development Grants. Abstract: The
primary purpose of the RBS is to promote understanding, use, and development of
the cooperative form of business as a viable option for enhancing the income of
agricultural producers and other rural residents. The primary objective of the
Rural Cooperative Development Grants program is to improve the economic
condition of rural areas through cooperative development. Grants will be awarded
on a competitive basis to nonprofit corporations and institutions of higher
education based on specific selection criteria. Estimate of Burden: Public
reporting burden for this collection of information is estimated to average 15
minutes to 80 hours per response. Respondents: Nonprofit corporations and
institutions of higher education. Estimated Number of Respondents: 55. Estimated
Number of Responses per Respondent: 8.4. Estimated Number of Responses: 462.
Estimated Total Annual Burden on Respondents: 6,182 hours. Copies of this
information collection can be obtained from Jeanne Jacobs, Regulations and
Paperwork Management Branch, at (202) 692-0040. Comments: Comments are invited
on: (a) Whether the proposed collection of information is necessary for the
proper performance of RBS functions, including whether the information will have
practical utility; (b) the accuracy of RBS' estimate of the burden of the
proposed collection of information, including the validity of the methodology
and assumptions used; (c) ways to enhance the quality, utility, and clarity of
the information to be collected; and (d) ways to minimize the burden of the
collection of information on those who are to respond, including through the use
of appropriate automated, electronic, mechanical, or other technological
collection techniques or other forms of information technology. Comments may be
sent to Jeanne Jacobs, Regulations and Paperwork Management Branch, U.S.
Department of Agriculture, Rural Development, Stop 0742, 1400 Independence
Avenue SW., Washington, DC 20250. All responses to this notice will be
summarized and included in the request for Office of Management and Budget
approval. All comments will also become a matter of public record. Dated: July
21, 2016. Samuel H. Rikkers, Administrator, Rural Business-Cooperative Service.
[FR Doc. 2016-18497 Filed 8-3-16; 8:45 am] BILLING CODE P



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: August 5, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             352 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            July 20, 2016 Wednesday

Washington: USDA Invests More than $9 Million to Support Small Businesses in 12
States

LENGTH: 541  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: United States Department of Agriculture has issued the following
news release:



 Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack today announced the investment of more than
$9 million in loans and grants to support job growth and economic development in
12 states. The funding is being provided through USDA's Rural Economic
Development Loan and Grant (REDLG) program, through which USDA provides
zero-interest loans and grants to utilities that lend funds to local businesses
for projects to create and retain employment.





 "Small businesses are the cornerstone of the rural economy," Vilsack said.
"During the Obama Administration, USDA's investments have directly helped more
than 100,000 small business get off the ground or expand, and the projects
announced today will help 15 more rural communities see job growth and economic
development."



 One of the organizations selected for funding is the Crawford Electric
Cooperative in Bourbon, Mo. It has been approved for a $1 million loan to help
East Central College create a workforce development training facility on its
campus in Union, Mo. The facility will provide job training in manufacturing to
support workers and businesses in an eight-county region served by the college.
The project area includes counties where poverty is persistent as well as areas
designated for targeted assistance through USDA's StrikeForce for Rural Growth
and Opportunity Initiative. This project is expected to create 11 jobs.



 Winnebago Cooperative Telecom Association in Lake Mills, Iowa, is being
selected for a $780,000 loan to help All States Ag Parts relocate to a larger
facility in Lake Mills. Funds will be used to purchase machinery, equipment and
inventory. This project is expected to create 51 jobs.



 Under today's announcement, USDA is investing in 15 projects to create jobs and
expand economic opportunity in rural communities. Funding of each award
announced today is contingent upon the recipient meeting the terms of the loan
or grant agreement.



 USDA Rural Development has a strong track record of strengthening rural
businesses and economies through its Rural Business-Cooperative Service. For
example, in 2015, Four County EMC used a $2 million REDLG loan to help Acme
Smoked Fish Corp. in Pender County, N.C., buy equipment to process and smoke
salmon, herring and other fish. Pender County has struggled since the economic
downturn in the late 2000s. The REDLG loan has brought more than 120 full-time
jobs to the region. Since 2009, USDA has invested more than $330 million in
loans and grants through the REDLG program.



 Since 2009, USDA Rural Development (@USDARDThis is an external link or
third-party site outside of the United States Department of Agriculture (USDA)
website.) has invested $11 billion to start or expand 103,000 rural businesses;
helped 1.1 million rural residents buy homes; funded nearly 7,000 community
facilities such as schools, public safety and health care facilities; financed
185,000 miles of electric transmission and distribution lines; and helped bring
high-speed Internet access to nearly 6 million rural residents and businesses.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:

 editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: July 21, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             353 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            March 11, 2015 Wednesday

Inviting Applications for the Rural Economic Development Loan and Grant Programs
for Fiscal Year 2015

LENGTH: 2840  words

DATELINE: Washington


Office of the Federal Register, Government of USA has issued the following news
release:


Action

Notice.
Summary

This Notice is to invite applications for loans and grants under the Rural
Economic Development Loan and Grant (REDLG) programs pursuant to 7 CFR part
4280, subpart A for fiscal year (FY) 2015. Funding to support $38.6 million in
loans and $9.2 million in grants is currently available. The commitment of
program dollars will be made to applicants of selected responses that have
fulfilled the necessary requirements for obligation.

All applicants are responsible for any expenses incurred in developing their
applications.

Table of Contents Back to Top

DATES:
    ADDRESSES:
    FOR FURTHER INFORMATION CONTACT:
    Overview
    I. Funding Opportunity Description
    II. Award Information
    III. Eligibility Information
    A. Eligible Applicants
    B. Cost Sharing or Matching
    C. Other Eligibility Requirements
    D. Completeness Eligibility
    IV. Fiscal Year 2015 Application and Submission Information:
    A. Address To Request Application Package
    B. Content and Form of Submission
    C. Submission Dates and Times
    V. Application Review Information
    A. Criteria
    B. Review and Selection Process
    VI. Award Administration Information
    A. Award Notices
    B. Administrative and National Policy Requirements
    C. Reporting
    VII. Agency Contacts
    VIII. Paperwork Reduction Act
    IX. National Environmental Policy Act
    X. Federal Funding Accountability and Transparency Act
    XI. Nondiscrimination Statement

DATES: Back to Top

Application Deadline: Completed applications must be received in the United
States Department of Agriculture (USDA) Rural Development State Office no later
than 4:30 p.m. (local time) on the last business day of each month to be
considered for funding in the following month in FY 2015.
ADDRESSES: Back to Top

Submit applications in paper format to the USDA Rural Development State Office
for the State where the project is located. A list of the USDA Rural Development
State Office contacts can be found at:
http://www.rurdev.usda.gov/StateOfficeAddresses.html.
FOR FURTHER INFORMATION CONTACT: Back to Top

Kristi Kubista-Hovis at (202) 815-1589, Kristi.Kubista-Hovis@wdc.usda.gov, and
Cindy Mason at (202) 690-1433, Cindy.Mason@wdc.usda.gov Please contact the USDA
Rural Development State Office in the State in which the project will be
located.
Overview Back to Top

Solicitation Opportunity Type: Rural Economic Development Loans and Grants.

Announcement Type: Initial Announcement.

Catalog of Federal Domestic Assistance Number: 10.854.

Dates: Application Deadline: Completed applications must be received in the USDA
Rural Development State Office no later than 4:30 p.m. (local time) on the last
business day of each month to be considered for funding in the following month
in FY 2015.
I. Funding Opportunity Description Back to Top

A. Purpose of the Program. The purpose of the program is to promote rural
economic development and job creation projects.

B. Statutory Authority. These programs are authorized under 7 U.S.C. 940c and 7
CFR part 4280, subpart A. Assistance provided to rural areas, as defined, under
this program may include business startup costs, business expansion, business
incubators, technical assistance feasibility studies, advanced
telecommunications services and computer networks for medical, educational, and
job training services, and community facilities projects for economic
development. Awards are made on a competitive basis using specific selection
criteria contained in 7 CFR part 4280, subpart A. Information required to be in
the application includes an SF-424, "Application for Federal Assistance;" a
Resolution of the Board of Directors; AD-1047, "Debarment/Suspension
Certification;" Assurance Statement for the Uniform Act; Restrictions on
Lobbying, AD-1049, "Certification Regarding Drug-Free Workplace Requirements;"
Form RD 400-1, "Equal Opportunity Agreement;" Form RD 400-4, "Assurance
Agreement;" Seismic Certification (if construction); paperwork required in
accordance with 7 CFR 1940, subpart G, "Environmental Program." If the proposal
involves new construction; large increases in employment; hazardous waste; a
change in use, size, capacity, purpose or location from an original facility; or
is publicly controversial, the following is required: Form RD 1940-20, "Request
for Environmental Information;" RUS Form 7, "Financial and Statistical Report;"
and RUS Form 7a, "Investments, Loan Guarantees, and Loans," or similar
information; and written narrative of project description. Applications will be
tentatively scored by the State Offices and submitted to the National Office for
review.

C. Definition of Terms. The definitions applicable to this Notice are published
at 7 CFR 4280.3.

D. Application Awards. The Agency will review, evaluate, and score applications
received in response to this Notice based on the provisions found in 7 CFR part
4280, subpart A, and as indicated in this Notice. However, the Agency advises
all interested parties that the applicant bears the burden in preparing and
submitting an application in response to this Notice whether or not funding is
appropriated for these programs in FY 2015.
II. Award Information Back to Top

Type of Awards: Loans and Grants.

Fiscal Year Funds: FY 2015.

Available Funds: Loans: $38.6 million; Grants: $9.2 million.

Maximum Award: The Agency anticipates the following maximum amounts per award:
Loans--$1,000,000; Grants--$300,000.

Application Dates: The last business day of each month to be considered for
funding in the following month in FY 2015.

Award Dates: The last business day of the month following the month in which
application was received. Applications will be received monthly.
III. Eligibility Information Back to Top
A. Eligible Applicants

Loans and grants may be made to any entity that is identified by USDA Rural
Development as an eligible borrower under the Rural Electrification Act of 1936,
as amended (Act). In accordance with 7 CFR 4280.13, applicants that are not
delinquent on any Federal debt or otherwise disqualified from participation in
these programs are eligible to apply. An applicant must be eligible under 7
U.S.C. 940c. Notwithstanding any other provision of law, any former Rural
Utilities Service borrower that has repaid or prepaid an insured, direct or
guaranteed loan under the Act, or any not-for-profit utility that is eligible to
receive an insured or direct loan under such Act shall be eligible for
assistance under section 313(b)(2)(B) of such Act in the same manner as a
borrower under such Act. All other restrictions in this Notice will apply.
B. Cost Sharing or Matching

For loans, either the Ultimate Recipient or the Intermediary must provide
supplemental funds for the project equal to at least 20 percent of the loan to
the Intermediary. For grants, the Intermediary must establish a Revolving Loan
Fund and contribute an amount equal to at least 20 percent of the Grant. The
supplemental contribution must come from Intermediary's funds which may not be
from other Federal Grants, unless permitted by law.
C. Other Eligibility Requirements

Applications will only be accepted for projects that promote rural economic
development and job creation.
D. Completeness Eligibility

Applications will not be considered for funding if they do not provide
sufficient information to determine eligibility or are missing required
elements.
IV. Fiscal Year 2015 Application and Submission Information: Back to Top
A. Address To Request Application Package

For further information, entities wishing to apply for assistance should contact
the Rural Development State Office identified in this Notice to obtain copies of
the application package.

Applicants are encouraged to submit grant applications through the Grants.gov
Web site at: http://www.grants.gov. Grant applications may be submitted in
either electronic or paper format. Loan applications must be submitted via paper
to the State Office. Applications may not be submitted by electronic mail.

When you enter the Grants.gov Web site, you will find information about
submitting an application electronically through the site, as well as the hours
of operation. USDA Rural Development strongly recommends that you do not wait
until the application deadline date to begin the application process through
Grants.gov. To use Grants.gov, applicants must have a Dun and Bradstreet Data
Universal Numbering System (DUNS) number which can be obtained at no cost via a
toll-free request line at 1-866-705-5711 or at http://fedgov.dnb.com/webform.
    You may submit all documents electronically through the Web site, including
all information typically included on the application for REDLGs and all
necessary assurances and certifications.
    After electronically submitting an application through the Web site, the
applicant will receive an automatic acknowledgement from Grants.gov that
contains a Grants.gov tracking number.
    USDA Rural Development may request that the applicant provide original
signatures on forms at a later date.
    If applicants experience technical difficulties on the closing date and are
unable to meet the deadline, you may submit a paper copy of your application to
your respective Rural Development State Office. Paper applications submitted to
a Rural Development State Office must meet the closing date and local time
deadline.
    Please note that applicants must locate the downloadable application package
for this program by the Catalog of Federal Domestic Assistance Number or
FedGrants Funding Opportunity Number, which can be found at http://www.grants.
gov.

B. Content and Form of Submission

An application must contain all of the required elements. Each selection
priority criterion outlined in 7 CFR 4280.42(b) must be addressed in the
application. Failure to address any of the criteria will result in a zero-point
score for that criterion and will impact the overall evaluation of the
application. Copies of 7 CFR part 4280, subpart A, will be provided to any
interested applicant making a request to a Rural Development State Office. An
original copy of the application must be filed with the Rural Development State
Office for the State where the Intermediary is located.
C. Submission Dates and Times

Application Dates: No later than 4:30 p.m. (local time) on the last business day
of each month to be considered for funding in the following month.

Explanation of Dates: Applications must be in the USDA Rural Development State
Office by the dates as indicated above.
V. Application Review Information Back to Top
A. Criteria

All eligible and complete applications will be evaluated and scored based on the
selection criteria and weights contained in 7 CFR part 4280, subpart A. Failure
to address any one of the criteria by the application deadline will result in
the application being determined ineligible, and the application will not be
considered for funding.

Rural Development is encouraging applications for projects that will support
rural areas where according to the American Community Survey data by census
tracts show at least 20 percent of the population is living in rural poverty.
This emphasis will support Rural Development's mission of improving the quality
of life for Rural Americans and commitment to directing resources to those who
most need them.
B. Review and Selection Process

The State Offices will review applications to determine if they are eligible for
assistance based on requirements contained in 7 CFR part 4280, subpart A. If
determined eligible, your application will be submitted to the National Office.
Funding of projects is subject to the Intermediary's satisfactory submission of
the additional items required by that subpart and the USDA Rural Development
Letter of Conditions.
VI. Award Administration Information Back to Top
A. Award Notices

Successful applicants will receive notification for funding from the Rural
Development State Office. Applicants must comply with all applicable statutes
and regulations before the loan/grant award can be approved. Provided the
application and eligibility requirements have not changed, an application not
selected will be reconsidered in three subsequent funding competitions for a
total of four competitions. If an application is withdrawn, it can be
resubmitted and will be evaluated as a new application.
B. Administrative and National Policy Requirements

Additional requirements that apply to Intermediary's selected for this program
can be found in 7 CFR part 4280, subpart A. The U.S. Department of Agriculture
and the Agency are adopting the new U.S. Department of Agriculture grant
regulation at 2 CFR chapter IV. This regulation incorporates the new Office of
Management and Budget (OMB) regulations 2 CFR 200 and 2 CFR 400.1 to 400.18 for
monitoring and servicing REDLG funding.
C. Reporting

In addition to any reports required by 2 CFR 200 and 2 CFR 400.1 to 400.18, the
Intermediary must provide reports as required by 7 CFR part 4280, subpart A.
VII. Agency Contacts Back to Top

For general questions about this announcement, please contact your USDA Rural
Development State Office provided in the ADDRESSES section of this Notice.
VIII. Paperwork Reduction Act Back to Top

In accordance with the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995, the information
collection requirement contained in this Notice is approved by OMB under OMB
Control Number 0570-0024.
IX. National Environmental Policy Act Back to Top

This Notice has been reviewed in accordance with 7 CFR part 1940, subpart G,
"Environmental Program." Rural Development has determined that the Environmental
Impact Statement is not required because the issuance of regulations and
instructions, as well as amendments to them, describing administrative and
financial procedures for processing, approving, and implementing the Agency's
financial programs is categorically excluded in the Agency's National
Environmental Policy Act (NEPA) regulation found at 7 CFR part 1940.310(e)(3) of
Subpart G, Environmental Program. Thus, in accordance with the NEPA of 1969 (42
U.S.C. 4321-4347), Rural Development has determined that this notice does not
constitute a major Federal action significantly affecting the quality of the
human environment; however, Rural Development will conduct individual NEPA
analyses on a project-by-project basis whenever warranted.
X. Federal Funding Accountability and Transparency Act Back to Top

All applicants, in accordance with 2 CFR part 25, must have a DUNS number, which
can be obtained at no cost via a toll-free request line at 1-866-705-5711 or
online at http://fedgov.dnb.com/webform. Similarly, all grant applicants must be
registered in the System for Award Management (SAM) prior to submitting an
application. Applicants may register for the SAM at http://www.sam.gov. All
recipients of Federal financial grant assistance are required to report
information about first-tier sub-awards and executive total compensation in
accordance with 2 CFR part 170.
XI. Nondiscrimination Statement Back to Top

The U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA) prohibits discrimination against its
customers, employees, and applicants for employment on the bases of race, color,
national origin, age, disability, sex, gender identity, religion, reprisal, and
where applicable, political beliefs, marital status, familial or parental
status, sexual orientation, or all or part of an individual's income is derived
from any public assistance program, or protected genetic information in
employment or in any program or activity conducted or funded by the Department.
(Not all prohibited bases will apply to all programs and/or employment
activities.)

If you wish to file a Civil Rights program complaint of discrimination, complete
the USDA Program Discrimination Complaint Form (PDF), found online at
http://www.ascr.usda.gov/complaint_filing_cust.html, or at any USDA office, or
call (866) 632-9992 to request the form. You may also write a letter containing
all of the information requested in the form. Send your completed complaint form
or letter to us by mail at U.S. Department of Agriculture, Director, Office of
Adjudication, 1400 Independence Avenue SW., Washington, DC 20250-9410, by fax
(202) 690-7442 or email at program.intake@usda.gov

Individuals who are deaf, hard of hearing, or have speech disabilities and wish
to file either an EEO or program complaint may contact USDA through the Federal
Relay Service at (800) 877-8339 or (800) 845-6136 (in Spanish).

Persons with disabilities, who wish to file a program complaint, please see
information above on how to contact us by mail directly or by email. If you
require alternative means of communication for program information (e.g.,
Braille, large print, audiotape, etc.) please contact USDA's TARGET Center at
(202) 720-2600 (voice and TDD).

Dated: February 27, 2015.

Lillian E. Salerno,

Administrator, Rural Business--Cooperative Service.


In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: March 11, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             354 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        The Legal Ledger (St. Paul, MN)

                                  June 8, 2009

Federal grants available for rural energy projects

BYLINE: Capitol Report Staff Report

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 209  words


USDA Rural Development is accepting applications for grants and loan guarantees
for farmers and rural small businesses to install renewable energy systems, make
energy efficiency improvements or conduct feasibility studies.

The grants will be administered through the agency's Rural Energy for America
program.

USDA Rural Development finances housing, infrastructure and economic development
projects in rural areas. Since 2001, it has invested more than $4 billion
throughout rural Minnesota, including almost $28 million since the Rural Energy
for America program was created in 2003.

The maximum grant for renewable energy systems is 25 percent of eligible project
costs and no more than $500,000. Energy efficiency improvement projects are
eligible for as much as 25 percent of eligible project costs and no more than
$250,000.

The maximum loan guarantee is 75 percent of eligible project costs and no more
than $25 million. Combination loan guarantees and grants also are available, and
feasibility studies also qualify for grants under the program.

The deadline for applications is July 31. Applications are available at www.
grants.gov, and can be submitted online or by mail to Lisa Noty, USDA Rural
Development, 1400 W. Main St., Albert Lea, MN 56007.

LOAD-DATE: June 9, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Government activity

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2009 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved


                             355 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       The Journal-News (Hamilton, Ohio)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            October 22, 2012 Monday

Company gets grant for renewable energy development

BYLINE: Eric Schwartzberg, Hamilton JournalNews, Ohio

SECTION: BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL NEWS

LENGTH: 450 words


Oct. 22--WEST CHESTER TWP. -- A Butler County company will use a federal grant
to install a solar power system that will create renewable energy.

The U.S. Department of Agriculture's Rural Development agency recently awarded
Winelco Inc. a $103,629 Rural Energy for America Program grant, which will allow
the West Chester Twp.-based business to install a 90-kilowatt photo voltaic
solar power system that will generate 97,570 kilowatt hours annually.

"We're an environmental company so the green aspect of the project was
attractive to us," said Dan Ullman, vice president for Winelco, which designs,
builds and operates water and waste water systems for residential, commercial
and municipal waste water/water treatment industry sectors.

The project is projected provide for nearly 100 percent of the company's
electric needs at its Centre Park Drive facility, Ullman said.

Winelco, which moved to Butler County in 2003, now has 50 employees. It has two
years to use the grant money toward the remaining balance of the system's price
tag, which initially was listed as $414,517 but may change, Ullman said.

"The project would be unfeasible without the grant," he said.

Rural Development funds are used to assist farmers, ranchers and rural small
businesses in developing renewable energy systems, and in making
energy-efficiency improvements to their operations.

REAP was initially authorized by Congress under the 2002 Farm Bill and was again
reauthorized by Congress through the 2008 Farm Bill, according to Randy
Monhemius, acting business program director for USDA, Rural Development, Ohio.

"REAP grants can pay for up to 25 percent of a project's cost, so it is
imperative the applicant can be able to pay for the balance of the project's
costs from cash on hand or borrowed capital," Monhemius said.

Due to cuts in the program, REAP went from $75 million in funding for grants and
loan guarantees for renewable energy and energy efficiency projects in fiscal
year 2011 to $25 million nationally in 2012, Monhemius said.

Ohio was allocated $289,000 of the original $25 million for this program in
fiscal year 2012, Monhemius said. Ohio successfully competed on a national basis
for an additional $263,000, giving it a total of $552,000 in grant funding for
20 projects, Monhemius said.

"Over the last several years, grants have ranged from a low of approximately
$1,500 to the maximum grant allowable of $500,000 depending upon the total costs
associated with the projects, but never more than 25 percent of eligible project
costs," he said.

___ (c)2012 the Hamilton JournalNews (Hamilton, Ohio) Visit the Hamilton
JournalNews (Hamilton, Ohio) at www.journal-news.com Distributed by MCT
Information Services

LOAD-DATE: October 23, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20121022-HL-Company-gets-grant-for-renewable-energy-development
-1022-20121022

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: HL


                        Copyright 2012 The Journal-News


                             356 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            November 10, 2014 Monday

North Carolina: North Carolina Rural Economic Development Division Now Accepting
Applications for Competitive Grant Program for Rural Communities

LENGTH: 405  words

DATELINE: Raleigh


N.C Department of commerce The State of North Carolina has issued the following
news release:

The North Carolina Department of Commerce is now accepting applications for the
FY2015 Economic Development Competitive Grant Program for Underserved and
Limited Resource Communities (ULRC). This program provides grants to local
governments and non-profits totaling up to $1.75 million. The purpose of the
ULRC Program is to encourage economic development activities, services or
projects that benefit underserved populations and limited resource communities
across the state.  The program is administered by the Rural Economic Development
Division of the North Carolina Department of Commerce. The deadline for
applications is December 19th.

"These grants enable North Carolina's rural communities to plan for economic
development, enhancement, increased health care services and other projects to
help the local economy," said Commerce Secretary Sharon Decker. "By making these
funds available, North Carolina is working to ensure that our rural areas have
the resources necessary to make a significant difference in their communities."

There are six project categories funded by the program: agriculture, health
care, cultural & performing arts, small business development, planning and
coastal projects.

Eligible applicants are units of local government (defined as "city, county, or
consolidated city-county" NC GS 160A-470) or 501(c) 3 non-profits located in
either a Tier 1 or Tier 2 county, or a rural census tract in a Tier 3 county.
The ULRC Program gives priority to organizations that:
1. Demonstrate established business involvement and community partnership
2. Match funds and/or have at least one other significant source of funding
3. Demonstrate independent fundraising to achieve financial sustainability
4. Plan to use award funds to engage in activity that improves/enhances an
aspect of a local economy

The North Carolina Rural Economic Division administers these grants. The ULRC
Solicitation/Application as well as program information, application
instructions, and supporting materials are posted on the N.C. Commerce website
at www.nccommerce.com/rd. Completed applications must be postmarked by 5 p.m. on
Friday, December 19, 2014. Awards will be announced Friday, January 16, 2015 by
5:00 p.m.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: November 13, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             357 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            November 10, 2014 Monday

North Carolina: North Carolina Rural Economic Development Division Now Accepting
Applications for Competitive Grant Program for Rural Communities

LENGTH: 405  words

DATELINE: Raleigh


N.C Department of commerce The State of North Carolina has issued the following
news release:

The North Carolina Department of Commerce is now accepting applications for the
FY2015 Economic Development Competitive Grant Program for Underserved and
Limited Resource Communities (ULRC). This program provides grants to local
governments and non-profits totaling up to $1.75 million. The purpose of the
ULRC Program is to encourage economic development activities, services or
projects that benefit underserved populations and limited resource communities
across the state.  The program is administered by the Rural Economic Development
Division of the North Carolina Department of Commerce. The deadline for
applications is December 19th.

"These grants enable North Carolina's rural communities to plan for economic
development, enhancement, increased health care services and other projects to
help the local economy," said Commerce Secretary Sharon Decker. "By making these
funds available, North Carolina is working to ensure that our rural areas have
the resources necessary to make a significant difference in their communities."

There are six project categories funded by the program: agriculture, health
care, cultural & performing arts, small business development, planning and
coastal projects.

Eligible applicants are units of local government (defined as "city, county, or
consolidated city-county" NC GS 160A-470) or 501(c) 3 non-profits located in
either a Tier 1 or Tier 2 county, or a rural census tract in a Tier 3 county.
The ULRC Program gives priority to organizations that:
1. Demonstrate established business involvement and community partnership
2. Match funds and/or have at least one other significant source of funding
3. Demonstrate independent fundraising to achieve financial sustainability
4. Plan to use award funds to engage in activity that improves/enhances an
aspect of a local economy

The North Carolina Rural Economic Division administers these grants. The ULRC
Solicitation/Application as well as program information, application
instructions, and supporting materials are posted on the N.C. Commerce website
at www.nccommerce.com/rd. Completed applications must be postmarked by 5 p.m. on
Friday, December 19, 2014. Awards will be announced Friday, January 16, 2015 by
5:00 p.m.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: November 11, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             358 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                    The Daily Telegram (Superior, Wisconsin)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            January 22, 2010 Friday

Grants target rural homeowners, facilities

BYLINE: Maria Lockwood, Superior Telegram, Wis.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 837 words


Jan. 22--The United States Department of Agriculture Rural Development has
linked Northland libraries, approved funding for a Parkland sewer project and
repaired roofs over the heads of area families.

The agency wants to do more.

Money is available for homeowners, businesses and community facilities through
the USDA. Area Specialist Sue LaPorte will be in town 11 a.m. to noon Tuesday at
Catholic Community Services, 1416 Cumming Ave., to discuss USDA programs with
area residents.

"We can't do anything within the city of Superior," LaPorte said, but more than
30 programs offer grants and fixed-rate loans to those in the outlying area.

Direct loans to purchase or build a home are available to qualified homebuyers.
USDA loans require no down payment, lock the homeowner into a fixed interest
rate -- currently less than 5 percent -- for 33 years and allow the debt to be
repaid at one percent interest.

"It's just a wonderful program," LaPorte said.

The USDA also offers Guaranteed Rural Housing loans to moderate income families.
Through this program, the homebuyer works with an approved lender with the USDA
guaranteeing the loan. Once again, no down payment is needed and it offers the
buyer a 30-year fixed rate mortgage.

Direct repair loans are also available to low income families so they can
continue living in their homes. The funding can be used for health and safety
issues such as wells, septic systems and roofs. Other home improvements, such as
new windows, doors and floors, may also qualify for funding. Additions are not
funded. The program offers fixed rate one percent loans. Repair grants are also
available, but only to very low income applicants age 62 or older who cannot
afford to pay a one percent loan.

The USDA is currently promoting funding for libraries and local foods
initiatives through the Community Facility Program, which has a statewide pot of
$2.2 million, according to Mark Brodziski, program director for business and
community programs with USDA Rural Development.

Rural libraries seeking building or equipment improvements, including additions,
computers and even new buildings, are encouraged to apply for USDA grants and
loans.

Ten years ago, Northern Waters Library Service received more than a quarter of a
million dollars from USDA Rural Development for a telecommunication system for
nine of its 27 member libraries, which cover Northwest Wisconsin and included
the Superior and Solon Springs libraries.

Nonprofit organizations and public entities such as schools can receive funding
for kitchen facilities, community gardens, food banks, farmers markets and
community kitchens aimed at increasing access to local foods.

In 2008, USDA Rural Development provided $547 million worth of grants and loans
in Wisconsin. Last year, that number shot up to nearly $668 million due to an
influx of American Reinvestment and Recovery Act dollars. Some of that
additional funding is still available, according to Kevin Tuttle, public
information coordinator for USDA Rural Development.

Of those 2009 funds, $8.9 million was poured into Douglas County; $1.25 million
of it to single family homes.

One project that has been earmarked for USDA Rural Development funding is
Parkland Sanitary District No. 1, according to Brodziski. The project would
provide grinder pipe stations and lateral lines to individual properties with
connection to a low-pressure sanitary collection system. USDA Rural Development
has approved approximately $7.7 million in grants and loans for the project,
Brodziski said. Parkland residents would still have to pay to run the pipe to
connect their homes to the lateral lines, LaPorte said, but USDA Rural
Development grants could be tapped for that purpose.

Homes and businesses must be situated in a town or village with a population of
20,000 or less to qualify for USDA Rural Development funding. Income
requirements vary from program to program, with the lowest income limit being
for repair loans and grants -- $20,950 for a one-person household or $29,950 for
a four-person household. To qualify for a USDA Rural Development direct housing
loan, a single-person household must make no more than $33,550. A four-person
household making $47,900 or less qualifies for the program. To qualify for a
guaranteed home loan, a one- to four-person household must have an income of
$75,750 or less.

More information on all USDA Rural Development programs, including income limit
tables, can be found online at www.rurdev.usda.gov/wi/.

To schedule an appointment with LaPorte while she is in Superior or for more
information, call (715) 635-8228, ext. 4.

To see more of the Superior Telegram, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.superiortelegram.com/. Copyright (c) 2010, Superior Telegram, Wis.
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: January 23, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20100122-DG-Grants-target-rural-homeowners-facilities-0122

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: DG


                       Copyright 2010 The Daily Telegram


                             359 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Deming Headlight (New Mexico)

                          November 18, 2009 Wednesday

Few growers apply for USDA grants

BYLINE: For the Headlight

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 511 words


For the Headlight

ALBUQUERQUE - USDA Rural Development State Director Terry Brunner expressed
surprise today that only a few applications for the Value-Added Producer Grant
Program have been received from Ag producers in New Mexico. The program is
designed to provide grant funding to assist agricultural producers increase
their profits by adding value to their products.

"In tough economic times, I would have expected that more than a handful of
applications would have been submitted for this grant program," said Brunner. He
added, "This funding can really help farmers and ranchers find marketing
opportunities and produce profitable products from their crops or livestock.
More New Mexicans need to take advantage of this program."

The Value-Added Producer Grant Program can be used for planning activities such
as feasibility studies, marketing and business plans, or for working capital.

Some examples for which the money can be used include the following:

Developing a marketing study to determine the sales potential of making diced
tomatoes and chile into salsa;

Working capital, including salaries and utilities;

Creation of bio-materials (plastics, fiberboard);

On-farm renewable energy and biofuels (ethanol, bio-diesel). Recently, a grant
was awarded to a dairy cooperative in New Mexico to determine if dairy wastes
can be turned into methane gas.

Planning grants of up to $100,000 and working capital grants of up to $300,000
to successful applicants will be competitively awarded. Applicants are
encouraged to propose projects that use existing agricultural products in
non-traditional ways or that merge agricultural products with technology in
creative ways. Businesses of all sizes may apply, but priority will be given to
operators of small and medium-sized family farms - those with average, annual
gross sales of $700,000 or less.

Applicants must provide matching funds equal to the amount of the grant
requested. Ten percent of the available funding is reserved for beginning
farmers or ranchers and generally disadvantaged farmers or ranchers. An
additional 10 percent is reserved for projects involving local and regional
supply networks that link independent producers with businesses and cooperatives
that market value-added products.

"The deadline to apply for a Value Added Producer Grant is Monday, November 30,
2009, and is quickly approaching. Paper applications must be submitted to the
Rural Development State Office located at 6200 Jefferson, NE, Room 255, by the
close of business that day or electronically through the Grants.gov Web site at
www.grants.gov ," said, Brunner.

Those who want to apply for the funding can direct questions to the USDA Rural
Development State Office at (505) 761-4952.

For application requirements, consult both the funding notice at
www.rurdev.usda.gov/rbs/coops/vadg.htm and the regulations at
www.rurdev.usda.gov/regs/regs/pdf/4284j.pdf .

Further information on rural programs is available at a local USDA Rural
Development office or by visiting USDA Rural Development's web site at
www.rurdev.usda.gov/ .

LOAD-DATE: November 18, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: State Director Terry Brunner, USDA Rural Development.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


          Copyright 2009 Deming Headlight, a MediaNews Group Newspaper
                              All Rights Reserved


                             360 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               Leicester Mercury

                                 March 12, 2005

Farmers urged to apply for grants

SECTION: News; Politics; LocalGovernment; Pg. 13

LENGTH: 160 words


Farmers and small businesses across Leicestershire are being urged to take
advantage of a grant scheme which is offering up to £5,000.  The Rural Micro
Business Development Grant aims to help rural businesses, including farms, to
expand and improve their activities.

The grants are provided through Leicestershire Rural Partnership, with the
support of the county council and Leicester Shire Economic Partnership.

Businesses that have already benefited from the grants include a supplier of
organic bodycare products, a shop specialising in costume jewellery and an
automatic door supplier.

Lesley Pendleton, partnership chairman and county council rural affairs
spokeswoman, said: "We are pleased to be able to offer financial help which will
support businesses and farmers across the county.

For more information about the grants, call 0116 265 7132 or 0116 265 7033, or
e-mail: "mailto:shenderson@leics.gov.uk" class="lblue">shenderson@leics.gov.uk

LOAD-DATE: March 13, 2005

LANGUAGE: English

                        Copyright 2005 Leicester Mercury


                             361 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Deming Headlight (New Mexico)

                            October 19, 2015 Monday
                                   1 Edition

Udall sees growth in Luna County

BYLINE: By, For the Headlight

SECTION: A; Pg. 5

LENGTH: 629 words


"USDA-RD is a lifeline to New Mexico's rural communities, providing over $1.5
billion in

funding in the past 7 years."

Tom Udall

US Senator

DEMING - USDA Deming Day was celebrated Thursday by USDA Rural Development State
Director Terry Brunner and by U.S. Senator Tom Udall at the Mimbres Valley
Special Events Center. The highlight of the celebration was the presentation of
four certificates of obligation to fund economic development projects throughout
Luna County.

"USDA-RD is a lifeline to New Mexico's rural communities, providing over $1.5
billion in funding in the past 7 years," Udall said. "Rural communities are the
critical backbone of our state's history and our future. These award projects
are great examples of how we can provide comprehensive and long-term support to
rural communities and strengthen our economy.

Sen. Udall began a whirlwind tour of New Mexico cities last week to promote
economic growth through rural development.

During the celebration ceremony Brunner said, "Today's announcement is an
example of USDA an example of the Obama Administration's efforts to create
Ladders of Opportunities for people in rural communities facing challenges.

By elevating efforts in several important areas we are helping the residents in
Luna County have access to better electric service, the opportunity to build a
new homes and the chance to run a more profitable business.

We hope to see these efforts lift up the entire community here in Luna County"

The four certificates of obligation were given to:

· Columbus Electric Cooperative, which received a loan for $14,705,000 from
Rural Development's Rural Utility Service (RUS) to make 316 consumer
connections, and to upgrade equipment and make other system improvements.

· Luna County, received a $50,000 Rural Business Development Grant (RBDG) which
will be used to; identify, train, and provide technical assistance to existing
small and emerging businesses. The program will meet with local businesses to
tailor a training program to their specific needs.

· NM Small Business Development Center received a $84,183 Rural Business
Development Grant to provide hands-on education with an experienced business
advisor who understands their particular business needs and help them access the
tools and resources to start or build their business. Workshops will provide
introductions to topics that will directly improve the business owner's success.
The business advisor will follow-up with workshop attendees to assist the
business owner to implement the classroom information acquired as it fits their
business.

· The Southwest Regional Housing and Community Development (SWRHCD) received a
$252,872 Self-Help Technical Assistant Grant to provide guidance and assistance
to 13 low and very-low income families in qualifying and packaging loans for the
USDA RD 502 Housing Loan program. Once the families qualify for a home loan they
will help each other build their homes. The home buyers will also get homebuyer
education by SWRHCD prior to the closing of the loan. The families will also
receive technical support and hands on education on how to build their home
throughout the construction process.

"These smart investments will help Luna County create jobs and grow by enabling
more customers to have upgraded utility service, more workers to get the
training they need, more small businesses to get technical assistance and expand
their business, and more families to own their own home," Udall said. "I will
continue to strongly support USDA-RD grants and loans for projects like these
that make a difference for New Mexico families and help move our rural
communities forward."

"USDA-RD is a lifeline to New Mexico's rural communities, providing over $1.5
billion in

funding in the past 7 years."

Tom Udall

US Senator

LOAD-DATE: July 6, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: dnm


                        Copyright 2015 Deming Headlight
                              All Rights Reserved


                             362 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Deming Headlight (New Mexico)

                            October 19, 2015 Monday
                                   1 Edition

Udall sees growth in Luna County

BYLINE: By, For the Headlight

SECTION: A; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 629 words


"USDA-RD is a lifeline to New Mexico's rural communities, providing over $1.5
billion in

funding in the past 7 years."

Tom Udall

US Senator

DEMING - USDA Deming Day was celebrated Thursday by USDA Rural Development State
Director Terry Brunner and by U.S. Senator Tom Udall at the Mimbres Valley
Special Events Center. The highlight of the celebration was the presentation of
four certificates of obligation to fund economic development projects throughout
Luna County.

"USDA-RD is a lifeline to New Mexico's rural communities, providing over $1.5
billion in funding in the past 7 years," Udall said. "Rural communities are the
critical backbone of our state's history and our future. These award projects
are great examples of how we can provide comprehensive and long-term support to
rural communities and strengthen our economy.

Sen. Udall began a whirlwind tour of New Mexico cities last week to promote
economic growth through rural development.

During the celebration ceremony Brunner said, "Today's announcement is an
example of USDA an example of the Obama Administration's efforts to create
Ladders of Opportunities for people in rural communities facing challenges.

By elevating efforts in several important areas we are helping the residents in
Luna County have access to better electric service, the opportunity to build a
new homes and the chance to run a more profitable business.

We hope to see these efforts lift up the entire community here in Luna County"

The four certificates of obligation were given to:

· Columbus Electric Cooperative, which received a loan for $14,705,000 from
Rural Development's Rural Utility Service (RUS) to make 316 consumer
connections, and to upgrade equipment and make other system improvements.

· Luna County, received a $50,000 Rural Business Development Grant (RBDG) which
will be used to; identify, train, and provide technical assistance to existing
small and emerging businesses. The program will meet with local businesses to
tailor a training program to their specific needs.

· NM Small Business Development Center received a $84,183 Rural Business
Development Grant to provide hands-on education with an experienced business
advisor who understands their particular business needs and help them access the
tools and resources to start or build their business. Workshops will provide
introductions to topics that will directly improve the business owner's success.
The business advisor will follow-up with workshop attendees to assist the
business owner to implement the classroom information acquired as it fits their
business.

· The Southwest Regional Housing and Community Development (SWRHCD) received a
$252,872 Self-Help Technical Assistant Grant to provide guidance and assistance
to 13 low and very-low income families in qualifying and packaging loans for the
USDA RD 502 Housing Loan program. Once the families qualify for a home loan they
will help each other build their homes. The home buyers will also get homebuyer
education by SWRHCD prior to the closing of the loan. The families will also
receive technical support and hands on education on how to build their home
throughout the construction process.

"These smart investments will help Luna County create jobs and grow by enabling
more customers to have upgraded utility service, more workers to get the
training they need, more small businesses to get technical assistance and expand
their business, and more families to own their own home," Udall said. "I will
continue to strongly support USDA-RD grants and loans for projects like these
that make a difference for New Mexico families and help move our rural
communities forward."

"USDA-RD is a lifeline to New Mexico's rural communities, providing over $1.5
billion in

funding in the past 7 years."

Tom Udall

US Senator

LOAD-DATE: July 6, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: dnm


                        Copyright 2015 Deming Headlight
                              All Rights Reserved


                             363 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     Charleston Daily Mail (West Virginia)

                          December 28, 2005, Wednesday

Agriculture's rural development program works;
USDA program does not compete with education

BYLINE: ROBERT STEPTOE

SECTION: EDITORIAL; Pg. P4A

LENGTH: 537 words


WE at the U.S. Department of Agriculture's Rural Development were surprised to
read the Daily Mail's Dec. 10 editorial, "Duplication," disapproving of our
decision to award a grant of almost $486,000 to the Roane County Public School
System through our Distance Learning and Telemedicine Program.

The editorial stated that our agency should "concentrate on the business of
farming and stay out of the business of education."

Respectfully, delivery of rural telecommunications services and equipment to
schools and medical facilities is a specific part of our congressionally
mandated mission at USDA Rural Development. It does not duplicate resources nor
pull us into the actual business of educating people.

Simply stated, Rural Development seeks to bridge gaps in funding in rural
America.

Instead of competing with the Department of Education, as you suggest, USDA
Rural Development targets its assistance to eligible rural areas that might have
less population and thus fewer resources on the local level for enhancing
essential community services like education and health care.

We provide loans and a limited number of grants to eligible hospitals and
schools, allowing them to take advantage of today's technology by upgrading
their telecommunications capacity. The equipment and services will enable small
rural clinics and schools to improve health care and educational opportunities
for more local residents.

Competition for the DLT grants is intense, and schools and medical facilities
seeking these grants apply months before the awards are announced.
Unfortunately, many worthy projects are not selected as a result of limited
resources.

In 2004, West Virginia received just one grant under this program. This year, we
were fortunate to receive three - in Roane, Braxton and Harrison counties -
worth more than $1.3 million.

In the case of Roane County schools, over 2,500 students and faculty will use
wireless mobile learning labs, and supplemental equipment will be available for
use by Roane County teachers.

In fact, we expect that this funding will greatly benefit not just the school
students in these counties, but also the adult residents, as there will be class
offerings available for basic education, completion of GED requirements, job
training, and on-line college and technical degree programs.

While we regret that we were unable to fund all applications we received from
rural hospitals and schools nationwide this year, the program has been very
popular and very effective.

Rural students and residents in approximately 36 states received grants totaling
more than $29 million. At Rural Development, we believe that when a community
receives equipment to help improve services at a school or hospital, all
residents in the area benefit.

So we encourage everyone to visit our national Web site at
http://www.rurdev.usda.gov/ and to click on the Telecommunications Loan and
Grant Programs link to learn more about our congressionally mandated mission to
provide electronic educational resources to rural schools and rural health care
facilities.

For West Virginia-specific information, our Web address is
http://www.rurdev.usda.gov/wv/.

Steptoe is state director of the USDA Rural Development in Morgantown.

LOAD-DATE: December 29, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2005 Charleston Newspapers


                             364 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Deming Headlight (New Mexico)

                            August 28, 2014 Thursday

Local winery recives grant to expand Hatch chile wine line

BYLINE: For the Headlight

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 379 words


U.S. Sen. Tom Udall, a member of the Senate Appropriations Subcommittee on
Agriculture and Rural Development, visited the St. Clair Winery in Deming and
announced a $50,000 grant to help expand production of its Hatch chile-infused
wines and support New Mexico's agricultural industry, which is creating jobs in
Luna County. The funding will help the winery to boost revenues and grow its
customer base for its chile-infusted line of wines by reimbursing production,
marketing and distribution costs.

"St. Clair Winery's Hatch chile-infused wines are a distinctly New Mexican
product, and I'm proud to support funding to help the winery grow its business
and expand the market for this unique specialty product," Udall said.

"Agriculture is an important part of New Mexico and Luna County's economy, and I
was pleased to learn more about the jobs that are being created. As a member of
the Senate Appropriations Committee, I'll continue to fight for resources to
support producers and business like New Mexico Wineries Inc. as they create new
products, break into new markets, and generate tourism that strengthens the
economies of rural New Mexico communities."

The funding was awarded through the U.S. Department of Agriculture Rural
Development Value-Added Producer Grant program, which helps agricultural
producers grow their businesses by turning raw commodities into value-added
products. The grants often support business development for niche and specialty
products in rural communities. Funding for the grant program is authorized
through the Farm Bill, which Udall helped to pass earlier this year.

On the Senate Appropriations Committee, Udall has been a long-time supporter of
USDA Rural Development programs, and he continues to push for investments that
will promote development in rural communities in New Mexico and across the
nation.

St. Clair Winery's Hatch chile line of wines is produced using premium chile
from Hatch Valley, creating a uniquely New Mexican product. The family-owned
winery's vineyard is located 47 miles west of Deming, and the company operates
St. Clair Winery and Bistro locations across New Mexico. Its products are sold
at locations throughout the southwest, and the grant funding will help to
further expand its production and distribution.

LOAD-DATE: August 29, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Udall

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


          Copyright 2014 Deming Headlight, a MediaNews Group Newspaper
                              All Rights Reserved


                             365 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            February 24, 2017 Friday

Bonds; create rural counties and municipalities cellular and broadband grant
program and authorize issuance of bonds.

LENGTH: 667  words

DATELINE: New York



 Jackson: Mississippi Legislature has issued the following Status of House Bill:




  MISSISSIPPI LEGISLATURE



 2017 Regular Session



 To: Ways and Means



 By: Representative Clark

 House Bill 1650



 AN ACT TO ESTABLISH A GRANT FOR THE PURPOSE OF MAKING GRANTS TO ASSIST
BUSINESSES IN PAYING COSTS ASSOCIATED WITH PROVIDING AND EXPANDING CELLULAR AND
BROADBAND ACCESS AND COVERAGE IN RURAL COUNTIES AND RURAL MUNICIPALITIES; TO
PROVIDE THAT THE MISSISSIPPI DEVELOPMENT AUTHORITY SHALL ADMINISTER THE GRANT
PROGRAM CREATED IN THIS ACT; TO CREATE A SPECIAL FUND IN THE STATE TREASURY,
DESIGNATED AS THE "RURAL COUNTIES AND MUNICIPALITIES CELLULAR AND BROADBAND
FUND"; TO AUTHORIZE THE ISSUANCE OF $15,000,000.00 OF STATE GENERAL OBLIGATION
BONDS TO PROVIDE FUNDS FOR THE "RURAL COUNTIES AND MUNICIPALITIES CELLULAR AND
BROADBAND FUND"; AND FOR RELATED PURPOSES.





      BE IT ENACTED BY THE LEGISLATURE OF THE STATE OF MISSISSIPPI:



      SECTION 1.  (1)  For the purposes of this section, the following terms
shall have the meanings ascribed in this section unless the context clearly
indicates otherwise:



           (a)  "MDA" means the Mississippi Development Authority.



           (b)  "Rural county" means a county in the State of Mississippi with a
population of thirty thousand (30,000) or less according to the most recent
federal decennial census.



           (c)  "Rural municipality" means a municipality in the State of
Mississippi with a population of ten thousand (10,000) or less according to the
most recent federal decennial census.



      (2)  There is hereby created in the State Treasury a special fund to be
designated as the "Rural Counties and Municipalities Cellular and Broadband
Fund," which shall consist of funds made available by the Legislature in any
manner and funds from any other source designated for deposit into such fund.
Unexpended amounts remaining in the fund at the end of a fiscal year shall not
lapse into the State General Fund, and any investment earnings or interest
earned on amounts in the fund shall be deposited to the credit of the fund.
Monies in the fund shall be used to make grants to businesses for the purposes
provided in this section.



      (3)  The MDA shall establish a program to make grants to businesses for
the purpose of assisting such businesses in paying costs associated with
providing and expanding cellular and broadband access and coverage in rural
counties and rural municipalities.  The maximum amount of a grant made to a
business under this section cannot exceed twenty-five percent (25%) of the cost
of the project for which the grant is made.  A business may apply to the MDA for
a grant under this section in the manner provided for in this section.



      (4)  A business desiring a grant under this section must submit an
application to the MDA.  The application must include a description of the
project for which the grant is requested, the cost of the project for which the
grant is requested, the amount of the grant requested and any other information
required by the MDA.



      (5)  The MDA shall have all powers necessary to implement and administer
the program established under this section, and the MDA shall promulgate rules
and regulations, in accordance with the Mississippi Administrative Procedures
Law, necessary for the implementation of this section.



      SECTION 2.  (1)  As used in this section, the following words shall have
the meanings ascribed herein unless the context clearly requires otherwise:



           (a)  "Accreted value" of any bonds means, as of any date of
computation, an amount equal to the sum of (i) the stated initial value of such
bond, plus (ii) the interest accrued thereon from the issue date to the date of
computation at the rate, compounded semiannually, that is necessary to produce
the approximate yield to maturity shown for bonds of the same maturity.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: February 26, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2017 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             366 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             March 5, 2015 Thursday

Wyoming: Registration deadline nears for grant writing training program

LENGTH: 448  words

DATELINE: Cheyenne


Wyoming Business Council has issued the following news release:

Only a few spots remain as the registration deadline for a comprehensive grant
writing training program nears.

"Get That Grant: Grant Writing from Conception to Completion" will be held on
April 27-30, 2015 in Cheyenne, Wyoming.

The workshop addresses all aspects of successful grant seeking including
developing and assessing proposal ideas, generating support for grant
applications, designing and writing exemplary grant proposals, editing and
submitting grant proposals and surviving the proposal review process. Special
attention is given to technical components of grant proposals that are closely
reviewed by funders.

The workshop will be held from 8 a.m. to 5 p.m. each day at the Holiday Inn
located at 204 West Fox Farm Road. The cost is $950 and includes four full days
of instruction, evening consultations, a comprehensive training/resource manual,
a follow-up critique of a grant proposal and daily luncheons and refreshment
breaks.

Enrollment is limited. The deadline to register is April 3.

The workshop will emphasize identifying new sources of government, foundation,
corporate and other grant support; conducting a productive funding search and
effectively querying high-priority grant funders. Techniques for developing an
organization's grants infrastructure and for organizing the grant-seeking effort
are stressed.

The program is sponsored by the Wyoming Rural Development Council in partnership
with the Wyoming Business Council. It is presented by Community Systems of
Bozeman, Montana, and is conducted by Dr. Barbara C. Bader and Steven Carr, who
are researchers and community and organizational consultants.

For more information on the training program or to register for the workshop,
contact Rural Development Program Manager Kim Porter at 307 -777-5812 or
kim.porter@wyo.gov

About the Wyoming Rural Development Council (WRDC). The WRDC is a division of
the Wyoming Business Council. This collaborative partnership serves as a forum
to address a full range of issues, opportunities and potential solutions in the
rural communities of Wyoming. For more information on the WRDC, please visit
www.wyomingrural.org.

About the Wyoming Business Council. Our mission is to increase Wyoming's
prosperity. We envision a Wyoming where industries are strong, diverse and
expanding. Small business is a big deal. Communities have the highest quality of
life. Wyoming is the technology center of the High Plains. Wyoming knows no
boundaries. Please go to www.wyomingbusiness.org for more information.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: March 6, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             367 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             June 25, 2016 Saturday

Agency Information Collection Activities; Proposals, Submissions, and Approvals

LENGTH: 897  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington, DC:  This Notice document was issued by the Rural Business
Cooperative Service (RBS)



  Action



 Proposed collection; Comments requested.

 Summary



 In accordance with the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995, this notice announces
the intention of the above-named Agencies to request an extension for a
currently approved information collection in support of debt settlement of
Community Facilities and Direct Business Program Loans and Grants.



 Dates



 Comments on this notice must be received by August 23, 2016 to be assured of
consideration.

 For Further Information Contact



 For inquiries on the Information Collection Package, contact Anita Outen,
Community Programs Specialist, Community Programs, RHS, USDA, 1400 Independence
Ave. SW., Mail Stop 0787, Washington, DC 20250-0787, Telephone (202) 720-1497,
Email anita.outen@wdc.usda.gov

 Supplementary Information



 Title: 7 CFR part 1956, subpart C --"Debt Settlement--Community and Business
Programs."



 OMB Number: 0575-0124.



 Expiration Date of Approval: November 30, 2016.



 Type of Request: Extension of a currently approved information collection.



 Abstract: The following Community and Direct Business Programs loans and grants
are debt settled by this currently approved docket (0575-0124). The Community
Facilities loan and grant program is authorized by Section 306 of the
Consolidated Farm and Rural Development Act (7 U.S.C. 1926) to make loans to
public entities, nonprofit corporations, and Indian tribes through the Community
Facilities program for the development of essential community facilities
primarily serving rural residents.



 The Economic Opportunity Act of 1964, Title 3 (Pub. L. 88-452), authorizes
Economic Opportunity Cooperative loans to assist incorporated and unincorporated
associations to provide low-income rural families essential processing,
purchasing, or marketing services, supplies, or facilities.



 The Food Security Act of 1985, Section 1323 (Pub. L. 99-198), authorizes loan
guarantees and grants to Nonprofit National Corporations to provide technical
and financial assistance to for-profit or nonprofit local businesses in rural
areas.



 The Business and Industry program is authorized by Section 310 B (7 U.S.C.
1932) (Pub. L. 92.419, August 30, 1972) of the Consolidated Farm and Rural
Development Act to improve, develop, or finance business, industry, and
employment and improve the economic and environmental climate in rural
communities, including pollution abatement control.



 The Consolidated Farm and Rural Development Act, Section 310 B(c) (7 U.S.C.
1932(c)), authorizes Rural Business Enterprise Grants to public bodies and
nonprofit corporations to facilitate the development of private businesses in
rural areas.



 The Consolidated Farm and Rural Development Act, Section 310 B(f)(i)(7 U.S.C.
1932(c)), authorized Rural Cooperative Development Grants to nonprofit
institutions for the purpose of enabling such institutions to establish and
operate centers for rural cooperative development.



 The purpose of the debt settlement function for the above programs is to
provide the delinquent client with an equitable tool for the compromise,
adjustment, cancellation, or charge-off of a debt owned to the Agency.



 The information collected is similar to that required by a commercial lender in
similar circumstances.



 Information will be collected by the field offices from applicants, borrowers,
consultants, lenders, and attorneys.



 Failure to collect information could result in improper servicing of these
loans.



 Estimate of Burden: Public reporting burden for this collection of information
is estimated to average 5.3 hours per response.



 Respondents: Public bodies and nonprofit organizations.



 Estimated Number of Respondents: 35.



 Estimated Number of Responses per Respondent: 5.5.



 Estimated Number of Responses: 193.



 Estimated Total Annual Burden on Respondents: 1,041 hours.



 Copies of this information collection can be obtained from Jeanne Jacobs,
Regulations and Paperwork Management Branch, (202) 692-0040.

 Comments



 Comments are invited on: (a) Whether the proposed collection of information is
necessary for the proper performance of the functions of the Agency, including
whether the information will have practical utility; (b) the accuracy of the
Agency's estimate of the burden of the proposed collection of information,
including the validity of the methodology and assumptions used; (c) ways to
enhance the quality, utility, and clarity of the information to be collected;
and (d) ways to minimize the burden of the collection of information on those
who are to respond, including through the use of appropriate automated,
electronic, mechanical, or other technological collection techniques or other
forms of information technology. Comments may be sent to Jeanne Jacobs,
Regulations and Paperwork Management Branch, U.S. Department of Agriculture,
Rural Development, STOP 0742, 1400 Independence Ave. SW., Washington, DC 20250.
All responses to this notice will be summarized and included in the request for
OMB approval. All comments will also become a matter of public record.

 Dated: June 14 2016.

 Tony Hernandez,

 Administrator, Rural Housing Service.

 [FR Doc. 2016-14994 Filed 6-23-16; 8:45 am]

 BILLING CODE 3410-XV-P



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: June 25, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             368 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       The Oklahoman (Oklahoma City, OK)

                             August 29, 2008 Friday
                                  City Edition

Energy efficiency awards are thinly sliced for Oklahoma

BYLINE: Jim Stafford, Business Writer

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. 4B

LENGTH: 321 words


Oklahomans claimed a thin slice of a $35 million pie in renewable energy and
energy efficiency grant awards announced Thursday by the U.S. Agriculture
Department.

State individuals and businesses claimed only five of 639 grants and guaranteed
loans announced by Agriculture Secretary Ed Schafer. The Oklahoma awards totaled
about $880,000.

The program provides financial assistance to agricultural producers and rural
small businesses to support renewable energy projects across a wide range of
technologies, as well as providing support for energy efficiency improvements.

Four of the five Oklahoma grants were for energy efficiency projects for poultry
producers in eastern Oklahoma, said Brent Kissling, state director of the Rural
Development Agency. The largest Oklahoma award went to Jensen International in
South Coffeyville to help pay for a new furnace.

Among Okahomans the energy program is little known, which kept participation low
for this year's awards, Kissling said.

"It's one of the most underutilized programs that we have here in this state,
because it's for rural producers, rural businesses," Kissling said. "Anybody
that exists in a community of 50,000 or less can apply for one of these grants
or loans and increase their energy efficiency within their business."

What the grants cover  The grants awards can pay for up to 25 percent of an
energy efficiency or renewable energy project cost. As for loans, the agency
will guarantee 80 percent of a participant's loan from a private lender.

Of the total awards announced Thursday, $27.5 million was in grants and $7.4
million for guaranteed loans.

"These projects are good for business, good for the economy, good for jobs and
they help secure more self-sufficient energy resources for our country," Schafer
said in announcing the awards.

State rural development officials are scheduling informational meetings about
the program for this fall, Kissling said.

LOAD-DATE: September 2, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2008 The Oklahoman, All Rights Reserved


                             369 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                   Hunts Post

                          November 25, 2015 Wednesday

Businesses offered grants to improve rural economy

BYLINE: PR Script Managers

SECTION: BIZZ

LENGTH: 538 words


Business and communities in the rural areas of Huntingdonshire Claylands are
being given the opportunity to apply for match-funded grants.

Business and communities in the rural areas of Huntingdonshire Claylands are
being given the opportunity to apply for match-funded grants.



The funds are a part of £3.1 million from the Rural Development Programme for
England to LEADER Local Action Groups in Bedfordshire and Huntingdonshire
Claylands as well as Greensand Ridge areas.

The groups are being delivered by the Bedfordshire Rural Communities Charity to
recognise those areas or companies that grow the local rural economy and run
projects that create jobs.

Daniel Hanbury, chair of the Beds & Hunts Claylands LAG said: "This is the first
time that LEADER funding has been available in this part of Bedfordshire and
Huntingdonshire. We are very excited by the potential for the creation of new
jobs and rural economic growth for the farmers, small businesses and communities
in the area."

To qualify for the grants ranging from £10,000 to £80,000 projects need within
Bedfordshire Huntingdonshire Claylands, Greensand Ridge or significantly benefit
these areas. Applicants must also meet six priorities including:

*;Support increased farm productivity

*;Support micro and small businesses (non-agricultural) and farm diversification


*;Support rural tourism

*;Provide local services

*;Support cultural and heritage activity

*;Support for increasing forestry productivity.

Chairman Federation of Small Businesses Huntingdonshire Branch Malcolm Lyons
said: "It one of way of getting money to help and develop businesses throughout
Huntingdonshire and it will certainly benefit business to apply."

To find out more about what is available go to www.bedsrcc.org.uk

The funds are a part of £3.1 million from the Rural Development Programme for
England to LEADER Local Action Groups in Bedfordshire and Huntingdonshire
Claylands as well as Greensand Ridge areas.

The groups are being delivered by the Bedfordshire Rural Communities Charity to
recognise those areas or companies that grow the local rural economy and run
projects that create jobs.

Daniel Hanbury, chair of the Beds & Hunts Claylands LAG said: "This is the first
time that LEADER funding has been available in this part of Bedfordshire and
Huntingdonshire. We are very excited by the potential for the creation of new
jobs and rural economic growth for the farmers, small businesses and communities
in the area."

To qualify for the grants ranging from £10,000 to £80,000 projects need within
Bedfordshire Huntingdonshire Claylands, Greensand Ridge or significantly benefit
these areas. Applicants must also meet six priorities including:

*;Support increased farm productivity

*;Support micro and small businesses (non-agricultural) and farm diversification


*;Support rural tourism

*;Provide local services

*;Support cultural and heritage activity

*;Support for increasing forestry productivity.

Chairman Federation of Small Businesses Huntingdonshire Branch Malcolm Lyons
said: "It one of way of getting money to help and develop businesses throughout
Huntingdonshire and it will certainly benefit business to apply."

To find out more about what is available go to www.bedsrcc.org.uk

LOAD-DATE: November 25, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: HPT


                    Copyright 2015 Archant Regional Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             370 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Telegraph Herald (Dubuque, IA)

                             July 30, 2009 Thursday

Maquoketa, Iowa Economic group awarded $99,000 business grant

SECTION: A; Pg. 5

LENGTH: 173 words


The Maquoketa Industrial Development Assistance Service has been awarded a
$99,000 grant to help start or expand rural businesses. The funding was provided
through the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act, the economic recovery
legislation passed by Congress and signed into law by President Obama earlier
this year. "This funding will help create and retain jobs in Maquoketa and spur
local economic development," U.S. Rep. Bruce Braley, D-Iowa, said in a press
release. "This grant will help grow the Maquoketa economy." The $99,000 grant is
part of $15.3 million in Recovery Act rural business development grants released
Tuesday by the U.S. Department of Agriculture. The funding is being provided
through USDA Rural Development's Rural Business Enterprise Program, which helps
finance new and existing businesses as well as employment-related adult
education programs. The funds can be used for start-up and working capital
loans, building and plant renovations, transportation improvements, project
planning and other business needs.

LOAD-DATE: July 30, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2009 Woodward Communications, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             371 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



               The Dickey County Leader (Ellendale, North Dakota)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                 August 1, 2013

USDA Grant Provides Business Resources to Farmers

BYLINE: The Dickey County Leader staff

LENGTH: 220  words


Medina, N.D. - Jasper Schneider, USDA Rural Development state director,
announced today that the Foundation for Agricultural and Rural Resource
Management and Sustainability (FARRMS) received an $89,000 grant for a
feasibility study and to provide producers with business development resources.
"This grant will further the mission of FAARMS by helping build successful and
sustainable farms and rural communities," said Schneider. "The project will
offer new and experienced farmers opportunities for mentoring and resources to
develop their skills."

FARRMS will use a portion of the grant to identify the economic viability of
light processing, wash and pack, and grading facilities for fruits and
vegetables in North Dakota. The funding will also help implement a Farm
Beginning program, which is an eight session course that will cover the
following topics: holistic management, good stewardship, financial and business
management, food safety, marketing and profitability, and business planning.

The funding was provided through the USDA Rural Business Opportunity Grant
(RBOG) program, which focuses on business expansion and job creation. Since
2009, the RBOG program has invested more than $890,000 in North Dakota. For more
information on USDA programs, please call (701) 530-2037 or visit
www.rurdev.usda.gov/nd.

LOAD-DATE: June 10, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Local Government

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: DIC

                      Copyright 2013 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                    Copyright 2013 The Dickey County Leader


                             372 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             August 5, 2016 Friday

Agency Information Collection Activities; Proposals, Submissions, and Approvals

LENGTH: 592  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington, DC:  This Notice document was issued by the Rural Business
Cooperative Service (RBS)



  Action



 Proposed collection, comments requested.

 Summary



 In accordance with the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995, this notice announces
the Rural Business-Cooperative Service's (RBS) intention to request an extension
for a currently approved information collection in support of the Rural
Cooperative Development Grants program.



 Dates



 Comments on this notice must be received by October 3, 2016 to be assured of
consideration.

 For Further Information Contact



 Susan Horst, Management and Program Analyst, Cooperative Services, Rural
Business-Cooperative Service, U.S. Department of Agriculture, Stop 3250, Room
4214, South Agriculture Building, 1400 Independence Avenue SW., Washington, DC
20250-3250. Telephone (202) 260-5952.

 Supplementary Information



 Title: Rural Cooperative Development Grants.



 OMB Number: 0570-0006.



 Expiration Date of Approval: December 31, 2016.



 Type of Request: Intent to extend the clearance for collection of information
under RD Instruction 4284-F, Rural Cooperative Development Grants.



 Abstract: The primary purpose of the RBS is to promote understanding, use, and
development of the cooperative form of business as a viable option for enhancing
the income of agricultural producers and other rural residents. The primary
objective of the Rural Cooperative Development Grants program is to improve the
economic condition of rural areas through cooperative development. Grants will
be awarded on a competitive basis to nonprofit corporations and institutions of
higher education based on specific selection criteria.



 Estimate of Burden: Public reporting burden for this collection of information
is estimated to average 15 minutes to 80 hours per response.



 Respondents: Nonprofit corporations and institutions of higher education.



 Estimated Number of Respondents: 55.



 Estimated Number of Responses per Respondent: 8.4.



 Estimated Number of Responses: 462.



 Estimated Total Annual Burden on Respondents: 6,182 hours.



 Copies of this information collection can be obtained from Jeanne Jacobs,
Regulations and Paperwork Management Branch, at (202) 692-0040.



 Comments:



 Comments are invited on: (a) Whether the proposed collection of information is
necessary for the proper performance of RBS functions, including whether the
information will have practical utility; (b) the accuracy of RBS' estimate of
the burden of the proposed collection of information, including the validity of
the methodology and assumptions used; (c) ways to enhance the quality, utility,
and clarity of the information to be collected; and (d) ways to minimize the
burden of the collection of information on those who are to respond, including
through the use of appropriate automated, electronic, mechanical, or other
technological collection techniques or other forms of information technology.
Comments may be sent to Jeanne Jacobs, Regulations and Paperwork Management
Branch, U.S. Department of Agriculture, Rural Development, Stop 0742, 1400
Independence Avenue SW., Washington, DC 20250. All responses to this notice will
be summarized and included in the request for Office of Management and Budget
approval. All comments will also become a matter of public record.

 Dated: July 21, 2016.

 Samuel H. Rikkers,

 Administrator, Rural Business-Cooperative Service.

 [FR Doc. 2016-18497 Filed 8-3-16; 8:45 am]

 BILLING CODE P



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: August 5, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             373 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Deming Headlight (New Mexico)

                             June 18, 2013 Tuesday

Small Business Week declared by USDA

BYLINE: For the Headlight

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 405 words


WASHINGTON >> Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack today kicked off National Small
Business Week by highlighting USDA's actions to help rural small businesses
create jobs, get access to capital and spur economic growth. He also announced
the selection of recipients for USDA's Rural Business Enterprise Grants.

the USDA remains focused on carrying out its mission, despite a time of
significant budget uncertainty.

"Small businesses are the backbone of the economy in small towns and rural
communities, just as they are in our biggest cities," Vilsack said. "USDA
supports small businesses by providing job training, business development
opportunities, strategic community planning and other resources. We're focused
on making sure that Main Street businesses have the tools they need to grow."

USDA Rural Development State Director Terry Brunner agreed by saying, "We are
working hard to make sure that the small business in New Mexico is given the
financial support and tools needed to become successful but most importantly to
become sustainable. By doing this we are insuring that the economy will better
for many years to come."

Secretary Vilsack announced 54 awards under the Rural Business Enterprise Grants
program in 21 states -- Alaska, Arizona, California, Kansas, Kentucky,
Massachusetts, Minnesota, Montana, North Dakota, Nebraska, New Mexico, New York,
Nevada, Oklahoma, Oregon, Pennsylvania, South Dakota, Tennessee, Utah, Vermont,
Washington and Wisconsin.

Two of those awards announced today were made to the Northwest New Mexico
Council of Governments for $40,000 to provide training and technical assistance
to Native American entrepreneurs. The second award was made to the Pueblo of
Acoma-Acoma Business Enterprise in the amount of $75,000 to develop a business
plan and marketing study for the Indian food hub. Funding is contingent upon the
recipients meeting the conditions for the grant.

USDA has several initiatives underway to support small businesses and the
communities they serve. Altogether, USDA business and cooperative development
programs have had a significant impact on rural communities -- achieving record
results under President Obama. Since 2009, USDA has provided more than 15,000
loans and grants through its business programs, helping more than 60,000 rural
small businesses. For more information on USDA's business and cooperative
development programs, visithttp://rurdev.usda.gov/Business.html .

LOAD-DATE: June 19, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


          Copyright 2013 Deming Headlight, a MediaNews Group Newspaper
                              All Rights Reserved


                             374 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                               Bridgwater Mercury

                           January 12, 2017 Thursday

Your rural organisation in Somerset could be in line for a 35,000 handout

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 357 words


SOMERSET'S rural economy is set for a boost and jobs will be created thanks to a
£2 million grant.

Somerset County Council has put up the cash to help businesses, organisations,
farmers and foresters in the countryside.

The funding for western Somerset and the Levels and Moors areas will be
allocated by Local Action Groups, made up of community, public and private
sector representatives, to align with the aims of their Local Development
Strategies.

Organisations or individuals can bid for grants of between £2,500 and £35,000
and they must demonstrate that their project will create jobs, increase business
growth and support the wider economy.

The funding has been made available to the Local Action Groups through the
LEADER Programme 2015-2020, which is part of the European Fund for Rural
Development: Europe investing in Rural Areas.

The LEADER Programme aims to encourage economic development on a local level,
from the 'bottom up'.

Projects to benefit from the funding must address the national and local
priorities of the LEADER Programme and Local Development Strategies.

Those priorities are to.

increase farm productivity.

support small enterprises and farm diversification.

rural tourism.

provision of rural services.

cultural and heritage activity.

and increase forestry productivity.

Cllr David Hall, cabinet member for business, inward investment and policy,
said: "If you have an exciting business idea that will help boost growth in
western Somerset or the Levels and Moors area please get in touch.

"The funding could be used for equipment to expand a business, to improve a
tourist location, provide equipment to improve animal health and wellbeing or
for farm diversification projects.

"This is a fantastic opportunity to bid for funding that could be really
beneficial to your business and the local rural economy."

Somerset County Council acts as the accountable body for the LEADER Programme on
behalf of DEFRA and the Rural Payments Agency.

Grants are typically limited to 40 per cent of the eligible project costs.

To find out more about the grant funding, contact Laura Jensen on 01823-357105
or Anne-Marie Spalding on 01823-359242.

LOAD-DATE: January 12, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2017 NewsQuest Media Group Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             375 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                            Somerset County Gazette

                           January 12, 2017 Thursday

Your rural organisation in Somerset could be in line for a 35,000 handout

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 358 words


SOMERSET'S rural economy is set for a boost and jobs will be created thanks to a
£2 million grant.

Somerset County Council has put up the cash to help businesses, organisations,
farmers and foresters in the countryside.

The funding for western Somerset and the Levels and Moors areas will be
allocated by Local Action Groups, made up of community, public and private
sector representatives, to align with the aims of their Local Development
Strategies.

Organisations or individuals can bid for grants of between £2,500 and £35,000
and they must demonstrate that their project will create jobs, increase business
growth and support the wider economy.

The funding has been made available to the Local Action Groups through the
LEADER Programme 2015-2020, which is part of the European Fund for Rural
Development: Europe investing in Rural Areas.

The LEADER Programme aims to encourage economic development on a local level,
from the 'bottom up'.

Projects to benefit from the funding must address the national and local
priorities of the LEADER Programme and Local Development Strategies.

Those priorities are to.

increase farm productivity. support small enterprises and farm diversification.
rural tourism. provision of rural services. cultural and heritage activity. and
increase forestry productivity.

Cllr David Hall, cabinet member for business, inward investment and policy,
said: "If you have an exciting business idea that will help boost growth in
western Somerset or the Levels and Moors area please get in touch.

"The funding could be used for equipment to expand a business, to improve a
tourist location, provide equipment to improve animal health and wellbeing or
for farm diversification projects.

"This is a fantastic opportunity to bid for funding that could be really
beneficial to your business and the local rural economy."

Somerset County Council acts as the accountable body for the LEADER Programme on
behalf of DEFRA and the Rural Payments Agency.

Grants are typically limited to 40 per cent of the eligible project costs.

To find out more about the grant funding, contact Laura Jensen on 01823-357105
or Anne-Marie Spalding on 01823-359242.

LOAD-DATE: January 12, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2017 NewsQuest Media Group Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             376 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                              Western Morning News

                            March 22, 2017 Wednesday

Collaboration required to protect our natural assets

SECTION: BUSINESS:AGRICULTURE; Pg. 6-7

LENGTH: 699  words


Westcountry farmers, food producers and fisherman have a vital role to play in
the success of the region.

From our glorious coastline to green pastures, we have a wealth of natural
assets and the onus is on our custodians to make a sustainable living while
protecting the environment for future generations.

It is no easy task, from global competition, rising costs to conservation
challenges, rural businesses have had to find ways to adapt.

One way ahead is to find support and work together.

Nathan Peacey, head of markets at Foot Anstey, said: "Looking ahead, success
will require collaboration and communication to overcome the current well
publicised challenges we face.

"But Brexit, the Apprenticeship Levy and the Living Wage don't just present
risks but also opportunities. All business in the region can step up to the
plate to minimise the risks, maximise the opportunities and facilitate
collaboration."

He said that Foot Anstey is proud to join the campaign.  "As a firm we have a
passion for our region and a stated ambition to contribute to its success," he
said. "#BackTheSouthWest is a logical and important place for us to get involved
and show our support."

Rural businesses know that finding ways to diversify and grow don't come cheap.
The development of business models needs tenacity, determination and funding to
get off the ground.

Based in the south west for over 20 years, SWIG Finance has invested in over
3,000 of the region's businesses to date.

SWIG Finance managing director John Peters said: "Rural businesses are often the
most enterprising and resilient. They have to be, in the face of logistical
challenges brought about by geographical remoteness; whether that be with
transport, suppliers or communications. An additional challenge is often being
unable to find the finance they need for start-up and growth. The digital
revolution may have provided many small business with quick access to the
information or services they need, but many more still need the kind of personal
support offered by responsible finance providers such as SWIG Finance."

There is currently £12.4 million of European Agricultural Fund for Rural
Development (EAFRD) funding available to support projects that increase rural
jobs, growth and productivity in the Heart of the South West.

Rural businesses and organisations can now apply to the Rural Payments Agency
(RPA) for grants through the Rural Development Programme for England (RDPE)
Growth Programme.

Chairman of the Heart of the South West Local Enterprise Partnership, Steve
Hindley, said: "The rural economy is of great importance to the Heart of the
South West, and part of our Strategic Economic Plan is to build on our
distinctive assets which are partly attributed to our rural aspects.

"We encourage rural businesses and organisations with relevant project proposals
to apply for this new funding."

There is £2,784,740 for rural business development grants. These are designed
for farm businesses diversifying into non-agricultural activity and new or
existing micro and small businesses including social enterprises in rural areas.
There are  capital grants between £35,000 and £170,000 available to support
business start-up or expansion.

A fund of £7,540,000 is available for food processing grants.  New or existing
food and drink processing businesses, including farm businesses diversifying
into food and drink processing, can apply for capital grants from £35,000 to
support business start-up or expansion.

A £2,088,555 fund for rural tourism infrastructure is designed to help
businesses, farmers, landowners, charities and public bodies for projects that
improve the local rural tourism offer by delivering new or enhanced rural
tourism assets and infrastructure.

Capital grants are available from £35,000.

The Heart of the South West is one of the most rural LEP areas in the country,
with 91% of its land area classified as rural. The business population spans
both the rural and urban environment on a roughly 50:50 basis.

For projects with a funding agreement in place before the UK's exit from the EU,
funding will be guaranteed by Her Majesty's Treasury even if projects continue
beyond the UK's departure from the EU.

LOAD-DATE: March 21, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                           Copyright 2017 Localworld
                              All Rights Reserved


                             377 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                     Agweek

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                          September 30, 2015 Wednesday

USDA provides funding to southwest N.D. businesses

BYLINE: Joe Boushee, Agweek Magazine

SECTION: BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL NEWS

LENGTH: 226 words


Sept. 30--By The Press Staff on Sep 29, 2015 at 11:14 p.m.

BISMARCK, N.D. -- Ryan Taylor, U.S. Department of Agriculture Rural Development
state director, on Tuesday announced more than $166,000 in grants to five
southwest North Dakota recipients among 12 grants totaling $638,000 across the
state.

The grants help support the startup or expansion of rural small businesses. The
recipients include:

- Adams County Development Corp.: $12,000 in funding to complete a feasibility
study to identify the potential of locating a hotel in Hettinger.

- City of New England: a $94,000 grant to purchase refrigeration equipment to be
leased to the New England Community Store.

- Center for Technology & Business, a $12,600 grant to be used to provide
training in modern business tools and solutions to boost the capabilities of
rural entrepreneurs and their workforce in Beach and the surrounding Golden
Valley County area.

- Prairie West Development Foundation: a $23,375 grant to be used to purchase
refrigerated dairy coolers to be leased to the Beach grocery store.

- Rural Economic Area Partnership Investment Board: a $25,000 grant for New Town
and Mandaree to add to a 2014 study for a Lake Sakakawea ferry system.

___ (c)2015 Agweek Magazine (Grand Forks, N.D.) Visit Agweek Magazine (Grand
Forks, N.D.) at www.agweek.com Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: October 27, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20150930-AW-USDA-provides-funding-to-southwest-N-D-businesses
-0930-20150930

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: AW


                             Copyright 2015 Agweek


                             378 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                             Yorkshire Evening Post

                                January 17, 2008

Fund to build business the country way

LENGTH: 417 words


A NEW funding programme for rural businesses in the Yorkshire region, worth
£9.5m a year, has been given the go ahead by the EU Commission.

The funding is being made available through the Rural Development Programme for
England, which is jointly funded by Defra and the European Union, and is managed
in the region by Leeds-based regional development Yorkshire Forward.

Grants will be available to farmers and rural entrepreneurs to support the start
up of new businesses and the growth of existing enterprises.

The fund will also support skills development in rural areas and is intended to
help communities "make the most of their local heritage and cultural assets."

Outline plans for the fund have been in place since July 2006.

Yorkshire Forward has already received applications for support - but is
encouraging more people to consider their eligibility now that funding has
formally been approved.

Andy Tordoff, head of rural renaissance and tourism at Yorkshire Forward, said:
"More than 80 per cent of our region is rural, so it is vital that we support
the growth of businesses in our rural communities if we are to grow the region's
economy as a whole.

"The RDPE programme will help us to achieve this through a number of elements.
The first will provide grants of up to £10,000 to support the start up of new
businesses, which is vital if our rural economy is to continue to grow. This
could mean a completely new business idea or an existing farm developing a new
way of supplementing its income.

"The second element will support existing rural businesses looking to grow or
improve their efficiency and grants for this will start at £25,000."

Jonathan Shaw, Minister for Rural Affairs, said: "I am delighted that Yorkshire
Forward has launched its £9.5m per annum (£63m in total) fund to make Yorkshire
and Humber an even better place for rural people to live and work in, and where
rural businesses can prosper and grow.

"This is part of a record investment of £3.9bn by the Government in rural
development in England between now and 2013. It will help our farming, food and
forestry industries to thrive and become more competitive, and enhance
opportunity for rural businesses and communities."

Businesses interested in applying for funding from the RDPE should contact their
local adviser.

In West Yorkshire the contact is louise.marston@yorkshire-forward.com; in North
Yorkshire East contact helen.ovens@yorkshire-forward.com and in North Yorkshire
West contact steve.dunkley@yorkshire-forward.com

LOAD-DATE: January 17, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2008 Johnston Press Plc
                              All Rights Reserved


                             379 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                           Aberdeen Press and Journal

                                  July 3, 2001

Peter Cook . . . welcomed the scheme. Jim irvine

BYLINE: By Jwatson

SECTION: Business:Farm/Food:News, Pg.19

LENGTH: 387 words


Farmers are set to benefit from GBP 75m initiative

Joe Watson

RURAL Development Minister Ross Finnie yesterday took the covers off a GBP
75million initiative to help Scottish farmers diversify their businesses.

The two grant schemes, revealed in last week's Forward Strategy for Scottish
Agriculture, are aimed at farmers and food processors in lowland Scotland.

A separate scheme is already in operation in the Highlands and Islands.

The farm business development and the processing and marketing scheme will
operate over the next five years.

Mr Finnie said: "These schemes will provide a real boost to farmers and
processors in lowland Scotland and further underline Scottish Executive
commitment to rural areas.

"The schemes make a valuable contribution to improved employment and living

conditions and sustainable

agriculture - I hope they will prove particularly helpful for farmers affected
by foot and mouth."

The farm business development scheme is open to farmers and their families who
have been involved in agriculture for two years.

Peter Cook, the head of

the Scottish Agricultural College's rural business division, welcomed the
scheme. He said

it would allow people to diversify into alternative crops, leisure and
recreation and tourist facilities. Funds would also be available to farmers to
improve homes for residential letting.

The maximum grant available is GBP 25,000 per eligible business, but if three
farmers join forces up to GBP 30,000 could be on offer to each.

He added: "If they can group together then a reasonably big whack of cash is
available. You could do a reasonable project with this."

Grants from the processing and marketing scheme are available to all agri-food
processors, from those based on farms to brand leaders.

Mr Finnie claimed the initiative would help add value to Scottish agricultural
produce, as well as increasing quality and revenue, helping develop new
innovative products and increasing the market share at both home and abroad.

But Alex Fergusson, the Scottish Conservative's rural affairs spokesman, said
the announcement finally brought the rest of Scotland into line with the
Highlands and Islands.

Details on the schemes are available from the Scottish Agricultural College's
farm advisers, or through its website at www.sac.ac.uk

LOAD-DATE: July 4, 2001

LANGUAGE: English

                   Copyright 2001 Aberdeen Press and Journal


                             380 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             June 25, 2016 Saturday

Agency Information Collection Activities; Proposals, Submissions, and Approvals

LENGTH: 895  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington, DC:  This Notice document was issued by the Rural Housing Service
(RHS)



  Action



 Proposed collection; Comments requested.

 Summary



 In accordance with the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995, this notice announces
the intention of the above-named Agencies to request an extension for a
currently approved information collection in support of debt settlement of
Community Facilities and Direct Business Program Loans and Grants.



 Dates



 Comments on this notice must be received by August 23, 2016 to be assured of
consideration.

 For Further Information Contact



 For inquiries on the Information Collection Package, contact Anita Outen,
Community Programs Specialist, Community Programs, RHS, USDA, 1400 Independence
Ave. SW., Mail Stop 0787, Washington, DC 20250-0787, Telephone (202) 720-1497,
Email anita.outen@wdc.usda.gov

 Supplementary Information



 Title: 7 CFR part 1956, subpart C --"Debt Settlement--Community and Business
Programs."



 OMB Number: 0575-0124.



 Expiration Date of Approval: November 30, 2016.



 Type of Request: Extension of a currently approved information collection.



 Abstract: The following Community and Direct Business Programs loans and grants
are debt settled by this currently approved docket (0575-0124). The Community
Facilities loan and grant program is authorized by Section 306 of the
Consolidated Farm and Rural Development Act (7 U.S.C. 1926) to make loans to
public entities, nonprofit corporations, and Indian tribes through the Community
Facilities program for the development of essential community facilities
primarily serving rural residents.



 The Economic Opportunity Act of 1964, Title 3 (Pub. L. 88-452), authorizes
Economic Opportunity Cooperative loans to assist incorporated and unincorporated
associations to provide low-income rural families essential processing,
purchasing, or marketing services, supplies, or facilities.



 The Food Security Act of 1985, Section 1323 (Pub. L. 99-198), authorizes loan
guarantees and grants to Nonprofit National Corporations to provide technical
and financial assistance to for-profit or nonprofit local businesses in rural
areas.



 The Business and Industry program is authorized by Section 310 B (7 U.S.C.
1932) (Pub. L. 92.419, August 30, 1972) of the Consolidated Farm and Rural
Development Act to improve, develop, or finance business, industry, and
employment and improve the economic and environmental climate in rural
communities, including pollution abatement control.



 The Consolidated Farm and Rural Development Act, Section 310 B(c) (7 U.S.C.
1932(c)), authorizes Rural Business Enterprise Grants to public bodies and
nonprofit corporations to facilitate the development of private businesses in
rural areas.



 The Consolidated Farm and Rural Development Act, Section 310 B(f)(i)(7 U.S.C.
1932(c)), authorized Rural Cooperative Development Grants to nonprofit
institutions for the purpose of enabling such institutions to establish and
operate centers for rural cooperative development.



 The purpose of the debt settlement function for the above programs is to
provide the delinquent client with an equitable tool for the compromise,
adjustment, cancellation, or charge-off of a debt owned to the Agency.



 The information collected is similar to that required by a commercial lender in
similar circumstances.



 Information will be collected by the field offices from applicants, borrowers,
consultants, lenders, and attorneys.



 Failure to collect information could result in improper servicing of these
loans.



 Estimate of Burden: Public reporting burden for this collection of information
is estimated to average 5.3 hours per response.



 Respondents: Public bodies and nonprofit organizations.



 Estimated Number of Respondents: 35.



 Estimated Number of Responses per Respondent: 5.5.



 Estimated Number of Responses: 193.



 Estimated Total Annual Burden on Respondents: 1,041 hours.



 Copies of this information collection can be obtained from Jeanne Jacobs,
Regulations and Paperwork Management Branch, (202) 692-0040.

 Comments



 Comments are invited on: (a) Whether the proposed collection of information is
necessary for the proper performance of the functions of the Agency, including
whether the information will have practical utility; (b) the accuracy of the
Agency's estimate of the burden of the proposed collection of information,
including the validity of the methodology and assumptions used; (c) ways to
enhance the quality, utility, and clarity of the information to be collected;
and (d) ways to minimize the burden of the collection of information on those
who are to respond, including through the use of appropriate automated,
electronic, mechanical, or other technological collection techniques or other
forms of information technology. Comments may be sent to Jeanne Jacobs,
Regulations and Paperwork Management Branch, U.S. Department of Agriculture,
Rural Development, STOP 0742, 1400 Independence Ave. SW., Washington, DC 20250.
All responses to this notice will be summarized and included in the request for
OMB approval. All comments will also become a matter of public record.

 Dated: June 14 2016.

 Tony Hernandez,

 Administrator, Rural Housing Service.

 [FR Doc. 2016-14994 Filed 6-23-16; 8:45 am]

 BILLING CODE 3410-XV-P



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: June 25, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             381 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                 Farmers Weekly

                                October 30, 2015

Grants on offer for farm diversifications that create jobs

BYLINE: Isabel Davies

SECTION: BUSINESS

LENGTH: 443 words


Farmers are being reminded that grants of up to 40% are available to farmers and
rural businesses In England investing in projects that will create jobs in rural
areas.The Growth Programme offers up to MSL_POUND140,000 for business
development, food processing and small-scale tourism initiatives.Across England
a funding pot of MSL_POUND24m has been made available, but the grants are being
delivered by Local Enterprise Partnerships (LEPS), which individually put out
calls for applications in their region.See also: MSL_POUND24m England rural
business development grant pot opensThese are all publicised on a government
webpage for European Structural and Investment Funds (ESIF).Simon Haley, rural
business adviser at Reading Agricultural Consultants, said grants of between
MSL_POUND35,000 and MSL_POUND140,00 were available, depending on the region s
priorities and what state aid a business had previously received. Grants are
available for investments in new equipment, processes or technologies;
processing and marketing of local food and drink; activities that help farmers
to diversify into non-agricultural activities; and construction and development
of workshops, factories and machinery. Applicants must show how their project
will create new sustainable jobs and increase the productivity of their
business.

For every MSL_POUND30,000 of grant requested, applicants must be able to create
at least one new full-time equivalent job [30 hours a week]. Mr Haley said the
money was a fantastic opportunity, but farmers should be aware of the length of
time it might take to get a decision on their application and the time it would
take to complete one in the first place.Jumping straight into an application
without going through the qualifying criteria first could end up costing someone
lots of time and money, he warned.Applicants need to complete two forms to apply
for a grant. The first is an outline application and if that is successful they
will they be asked to fill out a full application.At both stages, applicants
will have to wait for a 40-working day appraisal process after the initial
deadline. There can also be a further month needed for additional checks.This
means even if the outline application deadline is November 2015, full approval
for a grant might not be made until June 2016. This is a significant factor that
clients need to be aware of, and if the project cannot be delayed for the best
part of four to seven months, bearing in mind that no expenditure is to have
been incurred before the grant award, then it is best to not start down the
grant path at all if the conditions are not agreeable,  said Mr Haley.

ï»¿

LOAD-DATE: November 5, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Magazine


                 Copyright 2015 Reed Business Information Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             382 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        The Pueblo Chieftain (Colorado)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                          September 22, 2007 Saturday

BRIEF: 2 colleges to share development grant

BYLINE: Anthony A. Mestas, The Pueblo Chieftain, Colo.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 269 words


Sep. 22--LA JUNTA -- The Small Business Management programs at Otero Junior
College and Lamar Community College will split a $50,000 grant.

Each school will receive $25,000 from the USDA Rural Development Program.

The grant will be used at both schools to develop two new business planning
courses.

Rachel Wallace, lead faculty member of OJC's Small Business Management program,
said the two courses will be available for new and existing business owners and
entrepreneurs in a seven-county region in rural Southeast Colorado.

"The two colleges applied for the grant to provide additional courses of study
that could help facilitate strong, knowledgeable business owners. Our goal is
for the education that business owners receive through this program to have a
trickle-down effect on each of the communities; thus creating a positive impact
on economic development," Wallace said.

The OJC program currently has 11 students enrolled this semester. The LCC
program has six students enrolled.

For more information about the Small Business Management programs at the two
colleges, contact Rachel Wallace, Otero Junior College, at 719-384-6963, or
Aubrie Humburg, Lamar Community College, at 719-336-1583.

To see more of The Pueblo Chieftain, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.chieftain.com. Copyright (c) 2007, The Pueblo Chieftain, Colo.
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: September 22, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20070922-PB-BRF-2-colleges-to-share-development-grant-0922

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: PB


                      Copyright 2007 The Pueblo Chieftain


                             383 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Bangor Daily News (Maine)

                            January 25, 2016 Monday

Local farms awarded storage upgrade funds

LENGTH: 366 words

DATELINE: CARIBOU


- Irving Farms of Caribou is one of seven Maine business to receive USDA Rural
Development grant funds through the Rural Energy for America Program (REAP),
along with G&S Farms of Fort Kent.


USDA Rural Development State Director Virginia Manuel was in Caribou recently to
speak to agricultural producers. During her remarks, she announced the grant
funding for renewable energy and energy efficiency projects. The grants total an
investment of $66,190 in Maine's rural communities.


"I am pleased USDA Rural Development can help these seven Maine businesses, two
of which are in Aroostook County, to make investments in renewable energy and
energy efficient systems at their facilities," Manuel said. "These systems will
help the businesses to be sustainable now and in the future, retaining critical
jobs in Maine's rural communities."


Irving Farms, Inc. has been selected to receive $2,656 to upgrade two existing
potato storage ventilation fans with new motors, adjustable frequency drives,
and control software to remove heat from the storage areas, promoting better
product quality.


Irving's project is projected to save 14,082 kWh of energy annually, or enough
electricity to power one home.


G&S will also use the funds to upgrade storage ventilation fans, as well as to
replace incandescent fixtures with LED lighting.


Other awardees include Bountiful Berry, Inc, doing business as Grandy Oats in
Hiram; Kremer Glass, LLC, of North Yarmouth; MDI Clean Energy Partners, L3C,
located in Bar Harbor; Mount Pleasant Dental Care, P.A., of Rockport; and Belcon
Inc. of Belfast.


USDA Rural Development is accepting applications for future REAP funding. For
application deadlines and details on how to apply, contact Brian Wilson at
990-9168 or at brian.wilson@me.usda.gov, or Cheryl Pelletier in Presque Isle at
764-4157 ext. 4 or cheryl.pelletier@me.usda.gov


The business' receipt of funds is contingent upon their meeting the terms of the
loan or grant agreement.


USDA Rural Development has area offices located in Presque Isle, Bangor,
Lewiston and Scarborough, as well as a state office in Bangor.


REAP has helped finance 10,753 renewable energy and energy efficiency projects
rural businesses nationwide.

LOAD-DATE: January 25, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2016 Bangor Daily News


                             384 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Bangor Daily News (Maine)

                            January 25, 2016 Monday

Local farms awarded storage upgrade funds

LENGTH: 366 words

DATELINE: CARIBOU


- Irving Farms of Caribou is one of seven Maine business to receive USDA Rural
Development grant funds through the Rural Energy for America Program (REAP),
along with G&S Farms of Fort Kent.


USDA Rural Development State Director Virginia Manuel was in Caribou recently to
speak to agricultural producers. During her remarks, she announced the grant
funding for renewable energy and energy efficiency projects. The grants total an
investment of $66,190 in Maine's rural communities.


"I am pleased USDA Rural Development can help these seven Maine businesses, two
of which are in Aroostook County, to make investments in renewable energy and
energy efficient systems at their facilities," Manuel said. "These systems will
help the businesses to be sustainable now and in the future, retaining critical
jobs in Maine's rural communities."


Irving Farms, Inc. has been selected to receive $2,656 to upgrade two existing
potato storage ventilation fans with new motors, adjustable frequency drives,
and control software to remove heat from the storage areas, promoting better
product quality.


Irving's project is projected to save 14,082 kWh of energy annually, or enough
electricity to power one home.


G&S will also use the funds to upgrade storage ventilation fans, as well as to
replace incandescent fixtures with LED lighting.


Other awardees include Bountiful Berry, Inc, doing business as Grandy Oats in
Hiram; Kremer Glass, LLC, of North Yarmouth; MDI Clean Energy Partners, L3C,
located in Bar Harbor; Mount Pleasant Dental Care, P.A., of Rockport; and Belcon
Inc. of Belfast.


USDA Rural Development is accepting applications for future REAP funding. For
application deadlines and details on how to apply, contact Brian Wilson at
990-9168 or at brian.wilson@me.usda.gov, or Cheryl Pelletier in Presque Isle at
764-4157 ext. 4 or cheryl.pelletier@me.usda.gov


The business' receipt of funds is contingent upon their meeting the terms of the
loan or grant agreement.


USDA Rural Development has area offices located in Presque Isle, Bangor,
Lewiston and Scarborough, as well as a state office in Bangor.


REAP has helped finance 10,753 renewable energy and energy efficiency projects
rural businesses nationwide.

LOAD-DATE: January 25, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2016 Bangor Daily News


                             385 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                             The Salt Lake Tribune

                            January 29, 2010 Friday

USDA acts as a 'bank' for rural Utah

BYLINE: By Dawn House The Salt Lake Tribune

SECTION: BUSINESS

LENGTH: 742 words


Logan » About 15 state and federal bureaucrats showed up to a seminar in this
northern Utah community late Thursday to hear concerns from rural farmers and
business owners and to explain how the government can help them with
low-interest loans and outright grants.

But when only three people showed up, the officials spent more than two hours
talking to each other.

Businessman George Whitney was the only individual who relayed farmers' concerns
during the troubleshooting session called to help officials get money into the
hands of people who can create jobs.

Whitney, who performs earth-moving services for farmers, said government
programs are unpredictable and inconsistent. Worse, the lag time in getting
loans often makes it difficult or impossible for intended recipients to make
long-term plans.

"With all the changing priorities of the government, if you ever get any money,
you will have earned it," he said. "People aren't coming out to these kinds of
meetings because they're so frustrated that they've gotten to the point they
have better things to do with their time."

Joe Fuhriman, a cattleman in Cache Valley, on Friday said he was not aware of
the meeting and wondered how well the forum had been advertised.

"It's also difficult to get money because of how much time you have to spend,
and even after you become eligible you have to meet so many restrictions that
sometimes it's not worth it," he said.

Although nearly 30 people attended a similar forum in Cedar City, officials
acknowledge that U.S. Department of Agriculture loan and grant programs for
farmers and rural development are not well-known.

Last year for example, no one in the state applied for federal grants that would
have funded feasibility studies for farmers to incorporate so-called value-added
plans. Value-added products pay substantially more than raw commodities. Instead
of selling fruit, for example, farmers could expand their operations to make
jams, which in turn bring in more income.

Grants are still available up to $80,000 for a single operation, said Dave
Conine, director of Utah's USDA Rural Development office.

"A feasibility study is a working document that can be used to develop a
business plan, which banks require for loans," he said. "There's money to be had
for this and many other rural development programs."

Conine stressed that rural communities are prime areas where new businesses can
flourish.

"The old rules on economy of scale that required massive production facilities
are largely obsolete," he said. "Small, efficient agricultural operations and
value-added businesses can respond to shifts in the marketplace much more
quickly than a huge corporation with boards of directors in cities hundreds of
miles away."

Twenty-five Utah counties are eligible for USDA loans and grants. Although funds
are restricted to areas with lower population densities, there are pockets of
eligibility along the populous Wasatch Front -- just outside the Interstate 15
corridor -- in Salt Lake, Utah, Davis, Box Elder and Weber counties.

Loan programs aren't well known because the agency has no money for advertising.
Rural residents often find out about programs through word of mouth or when a
state or federal agency refers them to the USDA Rural Development office.

dawn@sltrib.com USDA Rural Development

» More than $393,000 was infused into the state's rural economy last year.
Programs included:

» Business loans and grants that created 192 rural jobs, training, rural tourism
and a business resource center.

» In housing, 2,108 households became rural homeowners and 84 homeowners were
able to make repairs.

» Community projects helped build a new school, health clinic, buy emergency
vehicles and rehabilitate two libraries.

» For more information, call 801.524-4320 or visit www.rurdev.usda.gov/ut.

What's available

» More than $190.6 million is available to Utah through the American Recovery
and Reinvestment Act for business and home loans and food assistance. The
recovery funds are in addition to money already set aside for USDA rural lending
programs.

» At this point, however, few banks and borrowers have tapped into the $12.3
million set aside for business loans. The stimulus money has reduced fees for a
business loan from 2 percent to 1 percent. In addition, annual renewal fees have
been waived for the life of the loan, which can range from seven years for
working capital to 15 years for equipment purchases and up to 30 years for real
estate.

LOAD-DATE: February 1, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2010 The Salt Lake Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved


                             386 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          September 13, 2014 Saturday

Hoeven Announces More Than $560K in USDA Rural Development Grants to North
Dakota

LENGTH: 364  words

DATELINE: Washington


Office of the Senator John Hoeven, U.S Government has issued the following news
release:

Senator John Hoeven today announced that the U.S. Department of Agriculture
(USDA) is awarding more than $560,000 in rural development grants to seven North
Dakota organizations. The funds are made available through USDA's Rural Business
Enterprise Grant and Rural Business Opportunity Grant programs which were
extended in the 2014 farm bill.

"The new period of growth we're experiencing across North Dakota also means we
have a greater demand for vital services in our rural communities," said Hoeven.
"We have been working hard to support growth in our rural communities, and these
USDA funds will help communities work on individualized projects, such as
developing worker training programs and childcare centers, that will support the
continued health and prosperity of residents."

The grants are awarded as follows:

o $139,204 to Strom Center at Dickinson State University to conduct a
feasibility study on a new innovation lab and provide training to rural
entrepreneurs

o $99,970 to Turtle Mountain Band of Chippewa to provide training to rural
entrepreneurs

o $90,000 to Artspace Projects, Inc. for Native American entrepreneurs in
Rolette County

o $85,000 to Rural Economic Area Partnership Investment Fund, Inc. to explore
the feasibility of a car ferry to cross Lake Sakakawea

o $60,000 to REAP Investment Fund, Inc. to establish a cooperative for childcare
in Rolette and Hettinger

o $50,000 to Bowman County Jobs Development, Inc. to open a retail business in
Bowman

o $41,849 to Prairie West Development Foundation for a business in Beach

As a member of the U.S. Senate Agriculture and Appropriations Committees, Hoeven
continues working to support rural development programs, which promote
infrastructure investment in and help grow North Dakota's rural communities. The
senator also served on the Senate-House Conference Committee that negotiated the
final version of the new five-year farm bill which reauthorized and strengthened
programs in support of rural communities.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: September 14, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             387 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                          South Bend Tribune (Indiana)

                   October 23, 2001 Tuesday Michigan Edition

Cassopolis focuses on downtown revitalization;
Village lands MEDC grant for development analysis

BYLINE: By ADAM JACKSON; Tribune Staff Writer

SECTION: LOCAL; Pg. D1

LENGTH: 387 words


CASSOPOLIS --It is difficult to put a price tag on the revitalization of a
declining downtown business district.

But $7,500 is a good place to start.

That's the amount the Cassopolis Downtown Development Authority received as a
grant from the Michigan Economic Development Corporation (MEDC) Monday to fund a
marketing analysis of the village's downtown business district.

The MEDC is a state agency that administers state and federal funding earmarked
for economic development projects.

"This grant is part of a collaborative effort between the MEDC and the village
to help create new jobs and growth in the village," Tricia Tucciarone, MEDC vice
president of community relations, said at a news conference at Midwest Energy
Cooperative. "It will help to identify strategies to attract and locate new
commercial businesses within the downtown business district."

That has been a longtime goal of village leaders, as occupancy rates in the
community's small downtown region have dwindled. To reverse the trend, village
leaders have formed a Downtown Development Authority to oversee efforts to
revitalize the district.

But a job like that takes more than enthusiasm, it also takes money. Which is
why the village applied for the grant, known as a Community Development Block
Grant, last spring.

And when word came of approval, village leaders heralded the news as the first
step toward bringing the downtown business district back from the brink.

"We were fortunate in that we made the application at sort of the right part of
the cycle," Village Manager Arthur Sciorra said. "We have already completed a
survey asking business owners what they would like to see, but this will allow
us to find out just what the market can support."

The next step will be to locate and hire a company to conduct the study, which
may be completed by the end of the year.

After that, village leaders will have the pieces of the puzzle they need to move
ahead in the effort to pump life back into the downtown area, Cassopolis
Downtown Development Authority Chairman John Hayman said.

"We have so much to hope for; so many opportunities for growth," he said.

"I feel like we have an unpainted palette in front of us just waiting to be
painted."

Staff Writer Adam Jackson

ajackson@sbtinfo.com

(616) 687-7001


LOAD-DATE: November 1, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Cassopolis Village Manager Art Sciorra, second from right, makes a
point during a news conference Monday announcing a $7,500 downtown Cassopolis
study at Midwest Energy Cooperative in Cassopolis. Listening in next to Sciorra
are Cassopolis Village President Julia Bell and Midwest Energy Vice President of
Marketing & Customer Services Steve Rhodes. Tribune Photo/MARK SHEPHARD ; MEDC
inks rural pact   The Michigan Economic Development Corporation on Monday signed
a partnership agreement with the U.S. Department of Agriculture Rural
Development Agency -- Michigan to work together to assist the state's rural
businesses and communities.  "The MEDC is investing considerably in rural
development through the work of our Community Assistance Teams and other
targeted initiatives," said Doug Rothwell, president and CEO of the Michigan
Economic Development Corporation. "We welcome this partnership with USDA Rural
Development, which will allow for a new level of strategic awareness and
cooperation." Components of the agreement include holding periodic meetings to
identify opportunities where partnering is possible on specific projects and
informational programs, promoting the business and economic development programs
of each agency and supporting rural Renaissance Zones and rural Enterprise
Communities.  "Rural Development looks forward to developing an even closer
working relationship with the Michigan Economic Development Corporation," said
Joanne DeVuyst, state director for USDA Rural Development operations in
Michigan. -- Tribune staff report

                 Copyright 2001 South Bend Tribune Corporation


                             388 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             June 15, 2013 Saturday

Utah: Rural Business Opportunity Grant (RBOG)

LENGTH: 231  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Sponsor  USDA Rural Development
Deadlines  Jun 28, 2013
Contact

Contact the nearest Rural Development Office with questions.
Purpose

The primary objective of the program is to improve the economic conditions of
rural areas. Assistance provided to rural areas under this program includes the
following:

Rural business incubators
    Technology-based economic development
    Feasibility studies and business plans
    Long-term business strategic planning
    Leadership and entrepreneur training

Applications that will support regional economic development are encouraged.
Eligibility

Grants may be made to public bodies, nonprofit corporations, institutions of
higher education, Indian tribes on Federal or State reservations and other
Federally recognized tribal groups, and cooperatives with members that are
primarily rural residents.
Geographic
coverage  Nationwide
Amount of
funding

Expected Number of Awards: 35
Estimated Total Program Funding: $2,370,000
Award Ceiling: $50,000
Application
process

Applications may be submitted either in paper format, or electronically through
grants.gov.

Applications submitted in paper format have a deadline of June 28, 2013.
Applications submitted electronically have a deadline of June 24, 2013.

For further information please visit: http://www.raconline.org/.

LOAD-DATE: June 16, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             389 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                            Rye and Battle Observer

                             March 3, 2015 Tuesday

More unveiled on £3.5bn rural investment bid

LENGTH: 284  words


More details have emerged of new rural development schemes worth £3.5bn to the
English countryside.

The new Rural Development Programme for England (RDPE) was formally agreed by
the European Commission last month and will help people  to set up businesses in
rural areas.

Under the programme, the government will be investing at least £3.5bn in rural
development schemes until 2020, confirms the latest Defra update.

About £2.1bn will be spent on existing environmental schemes. The remainder of
the money will be spent through the new RDPE, which is made up elements such as
Countryside Stewardship; Countryside Productivity and Growth Programme.

About £900 million will be spent on Countryside Stewardship, which will help
rural businesses improve the countryside environment.

Guidance for Countryside Productivity is being published on the government's
GOV.UK website during March, said  Defra.

Potential applicants will ask for ideas for projects which the scheme could
support. The full application process for grant funding will open later in 2015.

Under the Growth Programme, £177 million will go to people and business to help
them support their local rural economy.

Grants will be available for starting up a business, developing a business,
tourism, renewable heat and energy projects.

From 2016, there will also be grants for broadband investments. These will be
linked to Local Broadband Plans developed by local authorities.

Funding will be allocated to local action groups (LAGs) in order to create jobs
and growth in rural areas, mainly via small grants.

Through the LEADER element of the RDPE 2014-2020, £138m will be available to
local businesses, farmers, foresters, land managers and communities.

LOAD-DATE: March 5, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: JPRY


                       Copyright 2015 Johnston Press Plc
                              All Rights Reserved


                             390 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              The Bismarck Tribune

                              June 26, 2015 Friday

USDA seeking loan and grant applications

SECTION: A; Pg. 10

LENGTH: 276 words


Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack recently announced that USDA is accepting
applications for loans and grants to support business expansion, create jobs and
increase economic opportunities in rural communities.

"Small businesses are the engine that drives job creation and investment capital
coupled with business savvy provide the spark that gets that engine running,"
Vilsack said. "This funding will help the nation's rural microentrepreneurs
strengthen their capacity to create jobs, grow their businesses and fuel the
economy. USDA is working with local organizations to provide capital to help
small business owners achieve higher performance."

Funding is being provided through USDA's Rural Microentrepreneur Assistance
Program. The 2014 Farm Bill reauthorized the program through 2018. For Fiscal
Year 2015, more than $16 million is available in loans and grants.

Details about how to apply for this are on page 35299 of the June 19 Federal
Register. Application forms may be obtained from any USDA Rural Development
State Office.

RMAP provides loans and grants to Microenterprise Development Organizations to
help microentrepreneurs - very small businesses with 10 or fewer employees -
access capital to start or grow businesses. MDOs use the funds to provide
training and technical assistance to small businesses or to establish revolving
loan funds that provide micro-loans, typically $5,000 to $50,000, to rural
microentrepreneurs.

Since the beginning of the Obama Administration, USDA Rural Development has
invested $72.2 million in loans and grants through the RMAP program to support
more than 390 projects that help very small business enterprises.

LOAD-DATE: June 25, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


       Copyright 2015 The Bismarck Tribune, a division of Lee Enterprises
                              All Rights Reserved


                             391 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           August 14, 2013 Wednesday

Utah: USDA Seeks Applications for Grants to Create Jobs, Economic Opportunity in
Rural Areas

LENGTH: 233  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Department of Agriculture, The State of Utah has issued the following news
release:

Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack announced today that the U.S. Department of
Agriculture (USDA) is seeking applications for grants that will be awarded to
organizations to help rural businesses create jobs and spur economic development
. USDA is making $5.6 million available through the Rural Community Development
Initiative (RCDI), a program that generates economic activity in rural areas.

"This funding will help local and regional organizations as they assist small
and emerging businesses," Vilsack said. "The Obama Administration recognizes
small businesses as the engines of job creation and essential to strengthening
our national economy."

Strengthening the rural economy remains a main focus of USDA, despite budget
uncertainties. Qualified intermediary organizations receiving the grants will
provide financial and technical assistance to recipients to develop their
capacity to undertake housing, community facilities, or community and economic
development projects. Recipients will be non-profit organizations, low income
rural communities, or federally recognized tribes. Intermediary organizations
must provide matching funds at least equal to the RCDI grant. Funds are not
directly provided to business recipients by USDA under the program.

For further information please visit: http://www.usda.gov/

LOAD-DATE: August 14, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             392 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                 Farmers Weekly

                               December 13, 2013

BYLINE: Isabel Davies

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 448 words


Scotland has unveiled plans for its rural development programme for the period
2014-2020.

Proposals include continuing funding for less favoured areas, expanding Scotland
s existing advisory service, funding for rural broadband and a new
agri-environment climate scheme.

Announcing the plans, rural affairs minister Richard Lochhead said:  A vibrant
rural Scotland is one of our greatest assets and today I set out my vision for
the new SRDP - an ambitious programme that will delivery our key priorities of
sustainable economic growth, environmental sustainability and vibrant rural
communities.

The proposals for the seven-year programme   which is worth more than £1.3bn
from 2015-2020 - are now the subject of a formal consultation which ends on 28
February 2014.

Funding will come from European rural development funds, domestic funds and
applying a  proposed modulation rate of 9.5%  on farmers  single farm payments.

The planned elements of the programme are (with proposed budget in brackets):

Less Favoured Area Support Scheme (£459m): Continued support for less favoured
areas, a replacement scheme and designation will be in place by 2018

Agri-Environment Climate Scheme (£355m): Targeted support for land managers to
undertake management and capital work for environmental purposes

Forestry Grant Scheme (£252m): A range of grants for woodland creation,
agroforestry, tree health, woodland improvement, processing and marketing and
sustainable management of forests

New Entrants Scheme (£20m): Start-up grants for new entrant young farmers of up
to 40 years old (as set by Europe) and one-to-one advice

Crofting and Small Farm Support Scheme (£20m): Scheme will be open to all small
farms with a suggested range of 3 50ha. This will include support for capital
grants

Support for Co-operative Action (£10m): Scheme will provide support for the
development of co-operative projects

Small Rural Business Support (£20m): Start-up grants for new non-agricultural
enterprises and business development grants

Food and Drink Scheme (£70m): Support for small and medium-sized enterprises in
the food and drink sector

LEADER (£66m): LEADER will continue to fund projects agreed by Local Action
Groups (LAGS)

Knowledge Transfer and Innovation Fund (KTIF) (£10m): KTIF will assist in the
sharing and implementation of innovative ways of improving working practices

Advisory Service (£20m): The proposal is to expand the existing advisory
service. It will provide advice and assistance to farmers, crofters, forest
holders and other land managers

Broadband: It is proposed there will be about £9m of support for broadband

More on this topic

Scotland announces 9.5% modulation plan

LOAD-DATE: December 16, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Magazine


                 Copyright 2013 Reed Business Information Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             393 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                 Nuneaton News

                            August 25, 2015 Tuesday

Funding for rural firms available

SECTION: NEWS:ENVIRONMENT; Pg. 15

LENGTH: 331  words


RURAL businesses in Coventry and Warwickshire are invited to apply for grants.

Applications are being invited from existing and new firms, communities, farmers
and landowners that are seeking grant assistance to invest in visitor
attractions, tourist information and recreational infrastructure.

Grants from £35,000 to up to £75,000 are available depending on state aid
already received. Total funding available is £150,000.

The scheme is being administered by the Rural Payments Agency on behalf of the
Coventry and Warwickshire Local Enterprise Partnership (CWLEP).

The grants are funded by the European Agricultural Fund for Rural Development
through the European Structural and Investment Funds (ESIF) allocated to the
area.

The aim of the grants is to encourage longer visits to rural Warwickshire,
greater spend and repeat visits. Other applicants might include organisers of
sustainable events and festivals that attract overnight as well as day visitors.

Warwickshire County Council leader and CWLEP board director councillor Izzi
Seccombe said:  "The Local Enterprise Partnership is committed to the
development of tourism to support economic growth and the creation of jobs. We
welcome this additional funding and the opportunities it will create for local
organisations and businesses."

Catherine Mallyon, executive director of the Royal Shakespeare Company, CWLEP
board director and chairman of CWLEP's Culture and Tourism Business Group,
added: "This funding could make a real difference to cultural and tourism
businesses in Coventry and Warwickshire and lead to more visitors to our area.
I would encourage companies working in this sector to assess the opportunity and
apply."

Guidance for applicants can be found at
www.gov.uk/european-structural-investment-funds/tourism-call-in-coventry-and-war
wickshire-06rd15to0002 or by calling the Rural Payments helpline on 0300 0200
301 or email GPEnquiries@rpa.gsi.gov.uk

The deadline for applications is 5pm on Friday, October 30.

LOAD-DATE: August 25, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: WINDFALL... Warwickshire County Council leader and CWLEP board member
Cllr Izzi Seccombe, based at Shire Hall, has welcomed the funding help.
NNNA

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                           Copyright 2015 Localworld
                              All Rights Reserved


                             394 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            October 16, 2016 Sunday

Washington: DelBene Lauds $200k Grant to Boost Rural Economies

LENGTH: 264  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: Office of the MP Suzan DelBene has issued the following news
release:



 Congresswoman Suzan DelBene (WA-01) today praised the U.S. Department of
Agriculture's (USDA) announcement to award the Northwest Agriculture Business
Center a $200,000 Rural Cooperative Development Grant.





 "I'm pleased to see the Northwest Agriculture Business Center receive this
vital funding to help grow the rural economy of Skagit Valley. Our rural
communities help create jobs, especially when provided with innovative tools
like cooperative development grants," DelBene said. "Cooperatives have enabled
local farmers to pool resources to support infrastructure, reduce financial
risks and increase access to new markets, and we should continue to support
these important projects."



 Today, the USDA announced it was awarding 29 grants totaling $5.8 million to
help rural cooperatives create jobs and support business expansion in 22 states
- including Washington. This type of funding has helped more than 4,700
businesses.



 The $200,000 in rural development funds for the Northwest Agriculture Business
Center will be used for business and cooperative model technical assistance to
local farmers in northwest Washington. In June, DelBene wrote a letter of
support for the Northwest Agriculture Business Center's grant application.



 DelBene serves on the House Agriculture Committee and is ranking member of the
Subcommittee on Biotechnology, Horticulture and Research.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:

 editorial@plusmediasolutions.com





LOAD-DATE: October 16, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             395 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            October 16, 2016 Sunday

Washington: DelBene Lauds $200k Grant to Boost Rural Economies

LENGTH: 264  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: Office of the MP Suzan DelBene has issued the following news
release:



 Congresswoman Suzan DelBene (WA-01) today praised the U.S. Department of
Agriculture's (USDA) announcement to award the Northwest Agriculture Business
Center a $200,000 Rural Cooperative Development Grant.





 "I'm pleased to see the Northwest Agriculture Business Center receive this
vital funding to help grow the rural economy of Skagit Valley. Our rural
communities help create jobs, especially when provided with innovative tools
like cooperative development grants," DelBene said. "Cooperatives have enabled
local farmers to pool resources to support infrastructure, reduce financial
risks and increase access to new markets, and we should continue to support
these important projects."



 Today, the USDA announced it was awarding 29 grants totaling $5.8 million to
help rural cooperatives create jobs and support business expansion in 22 states
- including Washington. This type of funding has helped more than 4,700
businesses.



 The $200,000 in rural development funds for the Northwest Agriculture Business
Center will be used for business and cooperative model technical assistance to
local farmers in northwest Washington. In June, DelBene wrote a letter of
support for the Northwest Agriculture Business Center's grant application.



 DelBene serves on the House Agriculture Committee and is ranking member of the
Subcommittee on Biotechnology, Horticulture and Research.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:

 editorial@plusmediasolutions.com





LOAD-DATE: October 17, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             396 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                               Grimsby Telegraph

                            June 22, 2016 Wednesday

£13,800 grant gives firm Buckets of future growth

SECTION: NEWS:OTHER; Pg. 37

LENGTH: 347  words


A GRANT of £13,833 has given a huge boost to Buckets Animal Feeds and Tack Store
in Louth as it continues to expand its business.

Owner Bob Walker opened the business in 2008, after identifying an opportunity
to supply bulk bags of horse, dog and other animal feeds within the area.

Responding to customer requests, Buckets has expanded over time to offer a wide
range of pet accessories and has added a tack store and horse rug washing
service.

The grant from East Lindsey District Council's Rural Development Fund will
enable the business to develop a new e-commerce website, make improvements to
the stock control and financial management software, lease a new, branded
company van, and continue further investment in staff training.

The planned improvements look to make the business more efficient and offer new
services to customers including local delivery and the ability to purchase
online through the new website.

Two part-time posts and an apprenticeship will also be created.

Bob, the owner, said: "The Rural Development Fund has meant we can accelerate
our expansion plans for the business which we hope will not only benefit our
existing customers but also attract new ones.

"Without the contribution from the Rural Development Fund, the project would
have taken much longer to achieve.

"We feel the improvements will help make the business stronger, contributing to
the economy of the area."

Portfolio holder for market towns and rural economy, Councillor Adam Grist,
said: "The Rural Development Fund is about supporting businesses to grow and
prosper to boost the economy of East Lindsey. Buckets is an example of a small
business with a clear plan for the future and an ambition to continually improve
and I wish Bob and his team well in the years ahead."

Since its launch in 2012, the Rural Development Fund has awarded £927,074 to 36
local businesses, creating 51 full-time positions, 13 part-time positions and
ten apprenticeships.

The Rural Development Fund is currently closed to applications.

ON THE WEB:  Read more business and jobs news at  www.grimsbytelegraph.co.uk

LOAD-DATE: June 21, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: helping hand: A grant of £13,833 from East Lindsey District Council's
Rural Development Fund has given a huge boost to Buckets Animal Feeds and Tack
Store in Louth as it continues to expand its business. Owners Bob and Alex
Walker with their newly branded company van.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                           Copyright 2016 Localworld
                              All Rights Reserved


                             397 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                      The Times-Tribune (Corbin, Kentucky)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                              July 11, 2014 Friday

KHIC receives new grant

BYLINE: Kristina Smith, The Times-Tribune, Corbin, Ky.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 440 words


July 11--Members of the Kentucky Highlands Investment Corporation gathered in
London Thursday to announce a new grant for Southeastern Kentucky.

The United States Department of Agriculture Rural Development awarded the
$115,000 Rural Business Enterprise Grant for KHIC to use toward rural businesses
and economic growth.

"There is no question that KHIC has been a tremendous asset to Southeastern
Kentucky," said Tom Fern, state director for the USDA Rural Development.

KHIC will coordinate the grant as part of the Promise Zone initiative. Bell,
Clay, Harlan, Knox, Leslie, Letcher, Perry and parts of Whitley are counties
involved in the Kentucky Highlands Promise Zone.

Jerry Rickett, president and CEO of KHIC, said the grant came after the KHIC
learned that healthcare is one of the fastest growing businesses in Southeastern
Kentucky. KHIC applied for the USDA grant with that focus in mind.

As a result, Dr. Lovie Stallworth will be one of the firsts to benefit from the
Rural Business Enterprise Grant.

Stallworth told attendees at Thursday's meeting of her desire to open her own
medical practice -- and the struggle that went along with it.

"I wanted to have the option to stay in my local area and open my own practice,"
Stallworth said. "But I felt like I'd have to get a MBA to open my practice."

Stallworth already knew what she wanted to do -- she needed to open an
after-hour clinic that people could receive medical attention from. What
Stallworth was really looking for was some guidance to opening her own business.

"It didn't matter how passionate I was about the clinic if I didn't have the
money to keep the lights on and pay employees," Stallworth said.

That is when Stallworth learned of KHIC and the support they could provide. KHIC
helped Stallworth draw up a business plan and the finances that would support
it. Because of that, Stallworth now has her own internal medicine and pediatrics
practice in Middlesboro.

"I've been able to see my dream come alive," Stallworth said.

Stallworth will use the grant to help run her business. In turn she will pay
back the grant money and the money will then go to another entrepreneur.

Rickett explained the grant as part of a revolving loan fund. The money will
continue to cycle through business owners who need it to make their business
flourish.

"I want to sincerely thank the USDA for the new resources they have provided for
us," Rickett said.

"It's not just me (that the grant will help), it's so many more individuals,"
Stallworth said.

___ (c)2014 The Times-Tribune (Corbin, Ky.) Visit The Times-Tribune (Corbin,
Ky.) at www.thetimestribune.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: July 12, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20140711-KB-KHIC-receives-new-grant-0711-20140711

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: KB


                        Copyright 2014 The Times-Tribune


                             398 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     The Journal Record (Oklahoma City, OK)

                            October 12, 2007 Friday

Langston University to receive funds for job, business growth

BYLINE: Journal Record Staff

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 123  words


Langston University has been selected to receive a $100,000 federal grant to
provide management and technical assistance plans for rural and disadvantaged
business enterprises.

Langston was among 15 historically African-American land grant institutions in
14 states to receive $1.5 million in job creation and business promotion grants
from the U.S. Department of Agriculture Rural Development. The grants will be
used to help create new businesses, promote cooperatives and provide new
employment opportunities through Rural Development programs.

The university will work with Rural Development in Oklahoma to promote the
importance of purchasing and developing renewable energy systems for efficiency
improvements in agriculture production.

LOAD-DATE: October 14, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: General news

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2007 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved


                             399 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                           Oakes Times (North Dakota)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                 August 1, 2013

USDA Grant Provides Business Resources to Farmers

BYLINE: The Oakes Times staff

LENGTH: 220  words


Medina, N.D. - Jasper Schneider, USDA Rural Development state director,
announced today that the Foundation for Agricultural and Rural Resource
Management and Sustainability (FARRMS) received an $89,000 grant for a
feasibility study and to provide producers with business development resources.

"This grant will further the mission of FAARMS by helping build successful and
sustainable farms and rural communities," said Schneider. "The project will
offer new and experienced farmers opportunities for rhentoring and resources to
develop their skills."

FARRMS will use a portion of the grant to identify the economic viability of
light processing, wash and pack, and grading facilities for fruits and
vegetables in North Dakota. The funding will also help implement a Farm
Beginning program, which is an eight session course that will cover the
following topics: holistic management, good stewardship, financial and business
management, food safety, marketing and profitability, and business planning.

The funding was provided through the USDA Rural Business Opportunity Grant
(RBOG) program, which focuses on business expansion and job creation. Since
2009, the RBOG program has invested more than $890,000 in North Dakota. For more
information on USDA programs, please call (701) 530-2037 or visit
www.rurdev.usda.gov/nd.

LOAD-DATE: June 18, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Natural Resources

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: OAK

                      Copyright 2013 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                           Copyright 2013 Oakes Times


                             400 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             June 13, 2013 Thursday

Utah: Rural Business Opportunity Grant (RBOG)

LENGTH: 231 words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Sponsor  USDA Rural Development
Deadlines  Jun 28, 2013
Contact

Contact the nearest Rural Development Office with questions.
Purpose

The primary objective of the program is to improve the economic conditions of
rural areas. Assistance provided to rural areas under this program includes the
following:

Rural business incubators
    Technology-based economic development
    Feasibility studies and business plans
    Long-term business strategic planning
    Leadership and entrepreneur training

Applications that will support regional economic development are encouraged.
Eligibility

Grants may be made to public bodies, nonprofit corporations, institutions of
higher education, Indian tribes on Federal or State reservations and other
Federally recognized tribal groups, and cooperatives with members that are
primarily rural residents.
Geographic
coverage  Nationwide
Amount of
funding

Expected Number of Awards: 35
Estimated Total Program Funding: $2,370,000
Award Ceiling: $50,000
Application
process

Applications may be submitted either in paper format, or electronically through
grants.gov.

Applications submitted in paper format have a deadline of June 28, 2013.
Applications submitted electronically have a deadline of June 24, 2013.

For further information please visit: http://www.raconline.org/.

LOAD-DATE: June 13, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             401 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                            Daily Post (North Wales)

                           November 19, 2002, Tuesday

POUNDS 9M TO HELP RURAL RECOVERY FROM FMD

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. 20

LENGTH: 302 words


CHESHIRE has been awarded a grant of more than pounds 9m to help the county's
business and farming communities recover from the impact of the foot and mouth
epidemic.

The money has been given by the Government as part of a strategy to regenerate
rural industries.

The Cheshire Rural Recovery Board will oversee the implementation of the pounds
9.42m programme. The board will have the power to award grants of up to pounds
100,000 to assist in four priority areas - sustainable rural development and
agriculture, rural business, tourism and leisure and people and communities.

Mike Shields, chief executive of the North West Development Agency, said: "This
is our opportunity to make a real difference to rural communities in Cheshire.
Agriculture and tourism, the mainstays of our rural areas, have in recent times
been badly hit by a loss of income.

"This multi-million pound programme will provide us with a real opportunity to
make a difference to Cheshire's rural communities."

County Coun David Rowlands, chairman of the Cheshire Rural Recovery Task Force
said: "We can now undertake the real business of rural recovery and development
which Cheshire so much deserves, especially after the impact of the foot and
mouth crisis which placed over 2,500 jobs at risk."

The five-year programme will cover the county of Cheshire as well as the
districts of Warrington and Halton.

Although grants will generally be of up to pounds 100,000, higher awards for
major projects can be made subject to approval of the NWDA.

RUSSIA'S national airline Aeroflot has signed an order for 18 Airbus A320
jetliners.

It is the second boost within a week for the wing-makers at Broughton, KLM Royal
Dutch Airlines having signed a contract last week to buy six Airbus A330 -200
aircraft.

LOAD-DATE: November 19, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: SHIELDS: Recovery'

               Copyright 2002 The Liverpool Daily Post & Echo Ltd


                             402 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               Lincolnshire Echo

                               September 23, 2003

European farmers to learn from successes

SECTION: News; Business; Economy; Pg. 16

LENGTH: 508 words


Foreign farmers will be visiting Lincolnshire to find out how green farming and
diversification schemes can benefit rural businesses.  The 16 visitors from the
Czech Republic, Hungary, Finland, Spain and Poland will arrive in the county on
Thursday.

They will then embark on a two-day tour, organised by Defra's Rural Development
Service in the East Midlands.

The delegates will have an opportunity to find out more about grant funding
available to farmers and rural businesses under Defra's rural development
programme and exchange ideas and experience about the future for sustainable
development in rural areas.

During the trip they will follow a footpath funded under the Countryside
Stewardship Scheme at Elms Farm in Swaby, near Louth.  The VIPs will see how the
Countryside Stewardship Scheme helps protect and extend wildlife habitats and
improves opportunities for people to enjoy the countryside.

The visitors will also take in Fold Hill Foods near Boston, a farming company
and pet food producer that recently received a Processing and Marketing Grant to
add a new production line.

They will see how government grant funding can encourage farming and rural
businesses to identify innovative opportunities to add value to their produce,
respond effectively to consumer demand and achieve a competitive edge.

The tour will end with a conference on Saturday where the delegates will get the
opportunity to find out more about schemes available under Defra's England Rural
Development Programme and give feedback on the projects they have seen
throughout the visit.

They will then give a presentation on current farming practices and rural
development programmes in their own home countries contributing to the overall
theme of the conference 'Sustainability through rural development'.

Sue Buckenham, regional manager for RDS in the East Midlands said that
organisers hope the conference will benefit both the visiting farms and county
businesses.

"We're hoping the trip will enable the delegates from Spain to Hungary to
develop a better knowledge about the schemes we offer and the environmental,
social and economic effects they have in rural areas," she said.

"Sharing best practice is seen as a vital part of the Defra and RDS policy of
involvement and continuous improvement and this opportunity to learn from others
and establish regional perspectives to influence national policy for change to
the Rural Development Programmes will be invaluable.

"From the visit we're hoping the European countries will gain a better
understanding of farming practices across Lincolnshire and the East Midlands as
a whole," she added.

The farmers will also visit Lincoln Cathedral, Bateman's Brewery and sustainable
woodland at Hill Holt Wood near Lincoln during their trip.

A total of £1.6 billion of EU and Government money is being made available under
the ERDP schemes in England during the seven years - from 2000 to 2006 - of the
programme.

For more information on any of the schemes in the ERDP, contact at
www.defra.gov.uk

LOAD-DATE: September 24, 2003

LANGUAGE: English

                        Copyright 2003 Lincolnshire Echo


                             403 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       The Keene Sentinel (New Hampshire)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                           October 17, 2015 Saturday

Swanzey greeting cards business receives USDA grant

BYLINE: Matt Nanci, The Keene Sentinel, N.H.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 388 words


Oct. 17--A Swanzey greeting card company is one of 31 small businesses and farms
in the Granite State that received more than $1.1 million in grants from the
U.S. Department of Agriculture, the agency announced Friday.

The money will be used to install more than two dozen solar arrays, three modern
wood heating systems, one energy efficient lighting project, and one geothermal
installation, according to a news release from the U.S. Department of
Agriculture.

Tree-Free Greetings received $29,291 to install solar panels that will generate
enough power offset its entire energy bill, the release said.

"From solar panels to wood pellet boilers, these projects will help farmers and
small businesses reduce their energy bills, help our nation reduce its carbon
footprint, and help make rural communities more sustainable," Ted Brady, the
Vermont and New Hampshire U.S. Department of Agriculture rural development state
director, said in the release. "USDA's Rural Energy for America Program grants
incentivize farmers and small businesses to invest their own funding to reduce
one of their largest barriers to profitability -- energy costs."

The Rural Energy for America program allows farmers and small businesses to
apply for grants to cover up to a quarter of renewable energy or energy
efficiency project costs, according to the release.

On Friday, U.S. Sen. Jeanne Shaheen, D-N.H., U.S. Rep. Ann M. Kuster, D-N.H. and
Department of Agriculture officials visited Edgewater Farm in Plainfield --
another grant recipient -- to promote the businesses and farms that received
grant money.

"The energy efficiency and renewable projects made possible through these grants
will strengthen New Hampshire's small towns and rural communities," Shaheen said
in the release. "These are smart investments in resourceful technologies that
are good for the environment and spur economic growth. It's important that
Granite State businesses and farms have the competitive advantage of lower
energy costs, and that's why I'll continue supporting programs like REAP in the
Senate."

Matt Nanci can be reached at 352-1234, extension 1439, or
mnanci@keenesentinel.com Follow him on Twitter @MNanciKS.

___ (c)2015 The Keene Sentinel (Keene, N.H.) Visit The Keene Sentinel (Keene,
N.H.) at www.sentinelsource.com Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: October 27, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20151017-KN-Swanzey-greeting-cards-business-receives-USDA-grant
-1017-20151017

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: KN


                       Copyright 2015 The Keene Sentinel


                             404 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                 Bath Chronicle

                             July 2, 2015 Thursday

Chance for rural firms to grab a cash boost

SECTION: BUSINESS:FINANCE; Pg. 42-43

LENGTH: 187  words


Rural businesses and organisations are being encouraged to apply for European
grants designed to boost rural employment.

The Leader scheme is one element of the Rural Development Programme for England,
funded by the EU and DEFRA.

Wiltshire Council is the accountable body for the latest wave of £11 million of
funding, of which around £6.2 million will be public money. This latest tranche
of grants runs for five-and-a-half years, until December 2020.

Grants will be available to support the local rural economy, in farming, micro
and small enterprise employing fewer than 50 people, rural tourism, forestry,
rural services, culture and heritage.

It is expected that the funding will be divided into around 160 grants. Most
grants will be under £50,000.

Fleur de Rhe-Philipe, Wiltshire Council cabinet member with responsibility for
economic development and skills, said: "This is a really valuable wave of
European funding and it's vital that we get as much benefit out of it as
possible in terms of new employment opportunities in our rural communities."

For information about applying for a grant contact Wiltshire Council.

LOAD-DATE: July 1, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                           Copyright 2015 Localworld
                              All Rights Reserved


                             405 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             June 18, 2013 Tuesday

Leahy, Sanders, Welch: REAP Zone Designation Nets NEK Nearly $1 M. To Create
Jobs And Economic Opportunities

LENGTH: 319  words

DATELINE: Washington


Office of the Senator Patrick Leahy, U.S Government has issued the following
news release:

U.S. Sens. Patrick Leahy, Bernie Sanders and U.S. Representative Peter Welch
announced Tuesday that a special designation secured by Leahy in the last Farm
Bill has brought $930,398 of United States Department of Agriculture Rural
Development (USDA RD) grants aimed at job creation to organizations in the
Northeast Kingdom.

The grants, known as Rural Business Enterprise Grants, will help eight nonprofit
organizations across Orleans and Caledonia Counties partner with private
businesses to do everything from helping small farms process and sell local
fruits and vegetables to offering one-on-one business counseling to small
businesses.

In a joint statement, Leahy, Sanders and Welch said:  "These Rural Development
funds will help facilitate job growth in a region of the state filled with
promise and good ideas.  In many rural parts of America, these ideas never have
a chance of developing into small businesses, but the REAP Zone provides the
capital needed to serve as a catalyst to help entrepreneurs - from farmers to
software engineers - grow right here in the Northeast Kingdom."

Since 2001 Leahy has fought to designate the Northeast Kingdom of Vermont --
Caledonia, Essex, and Orleans Counties -- as a Rural Economic Area Partnership
(REAP) Zone, a USDA RD designation recognizing the unique rural nature of a
region that prioritizes the region's grant applications.  In 2013, USDA RD made
about $20 million available nationwide for Rural Business Enterprise Grants.
The Northeast Kingdom REAP Zone received nearly 5 percent of the total grants
available.  The new Farm Bill passed June 11 by the Senate would renew the REAP
program's charter under legislation led again by Leahy, who is the most senior
member of the Senate Agriculture Committee.

For further information please visit: http://www.leahy.senate.gov

LOAD-DATE: June 20, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             406 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               Carmarthen Journal

                               February 16, 2011
                                   Edition 4;
                                National Edition

Tourist business is boosted by grant funding towards facelift

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 3

LENGTH: 536 words


THE Drovers Bed and Breakfast in Llandovery is being given a facelift thanks to
a grant under the Rural Development Plan for Wales.

The owners of the business in Market Square, Llandovery, Jill and Michael Blud,
are looking to restore the building in order to match an adjoining property
which has recently been updated as a result of the Town Heritage Initiative.

The B&B has recently been upgraded from 4 Star to 5 Star accommodation. It
offers two double and one twin room, all en-suite, and has featured in Alistair
Sawday's Special Places to Stay guide.

The business in Market Square, Llandovery, has been given a Village Improvement
Grant (VIG) of £2,030 towards the £4,060 cost of the project to upgrade nine
sash windows and paint the frontage of the property which is a Grade 2 listed
building.

This grant has been made under the Village Enhancement Project, which has
received funding of £940,049 through the Rural Development Plan for Wales
2007-2013, which is funded by the Welsh Assembly Government and the European
Agricultural fund for Rural Development.

The Project aims to enhance the appearance of rural towns and villages and
stimulate economic growth. The VIG itself is aimed to enhance the branding of
commercial properties in rural areas.

Project Development Officer Michael Morgan said: "The Drovers B&B is a prominent
building in the heart of Llandovery. The applicants' newly acquired 5 Star
status requires them to maintain the property to a high standard.

"The enhancement of the Drovers B&B falls in nicely with the objectives of the
Village Enhancement Scheme and links in with both the economic and tourism
aspects of the scheme."

Mr Blud said: "We are having the windows at the front refurbished in keeping
with the old building. The work will start in May. It will help maintain the
fabric of the building."

Mrs Blud added: "The Drovers is featured on the front cover of the book Market
Town Wales by David Griffiths, as well as inside. It is a landmark building."

Local county councillor Ivor Jackson said: "This will enhance the Market Square
which is a popular area, particularly during the summer when the tourists come
in. It will complement the money already spent in the area under the Town
Heritage Initiative."

Executive board member for regeneration and leisure councillor Clive Scourfield
said: "I'm pleased to see a Llandovery business taking advantage of a Village
Improvement Grant to renovate the facade of the building.

"The work will enhance the look of the Drovers B&B and fit in well with work
carried out to improve other premises in Llandovery."

The Village Improvement Grant is open to sole traders, partnerships, private
companies and community businesses that are based, or wish to be based, in
Carmarthenshire's rural villages and towns.

Priority is given to applications that work in partnership with neighbouring
properties to develop envelope schemes in order that the scheme has a bigger
environmental impact.

Applicants demonstrating a need for support can secure up to 50 per cent of the
eligible project cost, up to a maximum grant of £15,000.

For further information on the Village Improvement Grant contact Project
Development Officer Michael Morgan on 01267 242335.

LOAD-DATE: February 16, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: FUNDING AID: The Drovers B&B in Llandovery has been awarded a Village
Improvement Grant. Pictured, from left, are physical regeneration development
officer Mike Morgan, owners Jill and Michael Blud and councillor Clive
Scourfield. Picture: Jeff Connell

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: CRJ


                       Copyright 2011 Carmarthen Journal
                              All Rights Reserved


                             407 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Aberdeen Press and Journal

                            August 4, 2010 Wednesday

Shake-up to rural development

BYLINE: Lewis Macdonald

SECTION: NEWS; BUSINESS; Agri/Fish/Food; Pg. 19

LENGTH: 591 words


Reforms to the Scotland Rural Development Programme (SRDP) which introduce a
£250,000 cap on grant payments and give funding bids for forestry and
agri-environment projects priority drew a mixed response last night.

Conservative MSP John Scott said it was too little too late, while NFU Scotland
president Jim McLaren criticised changes which will see the payment of some
grants deferred until next year as well as what he viewed as the poor
administration of the scheme up to now.

Rural Affairs Secretary Richard Lochhead also raised the possibility of a new
continuous assessment process for smaller projects to replace the existing
approval system that deals with them quarterly. An announcement on how this will
be achieved is to be made at a later date.

The unexpected changes introduced by Mr Lochhead yesterday appear to stem from
growing worries SRDP budgets may run dry before they are due to end in 2013.

Concerns about the SRDP reached their peak in July after the last funding round
awarded huge grants to already substantial businesses, many in the poultry
sector.

Glenrath Farms, Scotland's largest egg producer, received £745,000 to upgrade
two chicken sheds to higher welfare standards.

Fred Duncan, the joint founder of the Grampian Country Food Group, also netted
£1.6million for his latest business, an egg enterprise that involves 225,000
hens on farms near Turriff.

The bad news for business projects is that although they may be approved in
October they will not be paid until the 2011 budget.

Mr Lochhead said he had considered financing business development projects until
the relevant budget was used up, but that would have deprived many young farmers
and developing businesses of help from the SRDP's rural priorities scheme.

The priority being given to agri-environment schemes and forestry will be
welcomed by applicants and their agents who have complained they have been
ignored to the detriment of the countryside and the rural economy.

Mr Lochhead is also to move £13.3million from the main rural development fund to
the Leader programme, which supports community projects. He said the SRDP had
been a "big success".

Mr McLaren acknowledged the £338million already delivered to more than 4,000
projects put forward by rural businesses and communities, but said the SRDP's
administration was poor.

He added: "What is causing huge frustration amongst land managers and the
experts that put together their applications is the delay in processing
applications and a shifting of the goalposts."

The delay in paying out business development grants would make business planning
and discussions with banks very difficult. Mr McLaren added: "To tell people of
this delay in the process after they have submitted their application is not
good enough."

He said the cap on grants was poorly timed and questioned why the government had
not anticipated the deluge of applications there had been and the scale of
funding being sought for them .

Mr McLaren added: "It is difficult to understand the economic rationale behind
an arbitrary cap on investment projects, irrespective of their merit."

But the Scottish Tenant Farmers Association said the changes could lead to more
smaller and medium sized farms getting cash.

Chairman Angus McCall said family farms had been unable to access rural
priorities as they lacked sufficient qualifying points.

Orkney Lib Dem MSP Liam McArthur said payment delays could result in projects
failing.

He added: "Mr Lochhead must now get a grip on the situation and clear up the
mess he has created with this scheme."

LOAD-DATE: August 4, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Richard Lochhead: priority

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: PJ


                      Copyright 2010 Aberdeen Journals Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                             408 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                             Tamworth Herald Series

                            April 10, 2014 Thursday

Cash boost for businesses the target in funding bid

SECTION: NEWS:OTHER; Pg. 8

LENGTH: 278  words


GRANTS for small   businesses could be achieved if a funding bid is successful.

North Warwickshire   Borough Council is bidding to the Government for LEADER
funding which could enable them to provide small grants to micro and small
businesses which are able to grow the rural area's economy and create jobs.

LEADER is financed by DEFRA and the European Union and is delivered by DEFRA and
will support the development of rural areas over the period up to 2020.

The essence of LEADER is that rural development is most effective when decided
and implemented at local level through a "bottom up" approach.

The main priorities for funding could include:

Support for micro and small enterprises and farm diversification

Support for increasing farm productivity

Support for rural tourism

Support for increasing forestry productivity

Provision of rural   services

Support for cultural and heritage activity

Emma McKay, LEADER development officer, said: "We would like to reflect the
needs and ambitions of   key businesses in North Warwickshire and so hope that
we can gain the views of as many local businesses as possible."

People who run a North Warwickshire business and would be willing to do a short
interview with one of the researchers in the next few weeks are encouraged to
get in touch with Emma McKay, LEADER development officer on 01827 719 356
emmamckay@northwarks.gov.uk

Alternatively, people can complete the survey online at
www.northwarks.gov\leader

The survey aims to establish what constraints there are and what factors
businesses need to be able to grow, and to establish ideas of projects which
could be developed for grant funding if the bid is successful.

LOAD-DATE: April 9, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                           Copyright 2014 Localworld
                              All Rights Reserved


                             409 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                Tamworth Herald

                                 April 10, 2014
                                   Edition 1;
                                National Edition

Cash boost for businesses the target in funding bid

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 8

LENGTH: 278 words


GRANTS for small businesses could be achieved if a funding bid is successful.

North Warwickshire Borough Council is bidding to the Government for LEADER
funding which could enable them to provide small grants to micro and small
businesses which are able to grow the rural area's economy and create jobs.

LEADER is financed by DEFRA and the European Union and is delivered by DEFRA and
will support the development of rural areas over the period up to 2020.

The essence of LEADER is that rural development is most effective when decided
and implemented at local level through a "bottom up" approach. The main
priorities for funding could include: ¦ Support for micro and small enterprises
and farm diversification ¦ Support for increasing farm productivity ¦ Support
for rural tourism ¦ Support for increasing forestry productivity ¦ Provision of
rural services ¦ Support for cultural and heritage activity Emma McKay, LEADER
development officer, said: "We would like to reflect the needs and ambitions of
key businesses in North Warwickshire and so hope that we can gain the views of
as many local businesses as possible." People who run a North Warwickshire
business and would be willing to do a short interview with one of the
researchers in the next few weeks are encouraged to get in touch with Emma
McKay, LEADER development officer on 01827 719 356 emmamckay@northwarks.gov.uk
Alternatively, people can complete the survey online at www.northwarks.go leader
The survey aims to establish what constraints there are and what factors
businesses need to be able to grow, and to establish ideas of projects which
could be developed for grant funding if the bid is successful.

LOAD-DATE: April 10, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: TAH


                    Copyright 2014 Northcliffe Media Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             410 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Deming Headlight (New Mexico)

                            March 12, 2008 Wednesday

Economic growth in rural New Mexico

BYLINE: By Ryan Gleason

SECTION: OPINION

LENGTH: 682 words


As the State Director of USDA Rural Development, I have the great privilege to
travel to the far reaches of New Mexico and spend a lot of time in some of our
more rural communities. In making these journeys, I've seen a large number of
towns and villages in which good things are happening. I've also seen that there
are some communities that are having a tougher go of it.

Regardless of which side of this equation a community happens to be on, there is
an almost universal desire to increase the level of economic activity, if for no
other reason than to give the local kids an opportunity to find a job and buy a
home in the town where they grew up. Most of us also instinctively understand
that if we're not growing, we're dying (this seems to be true in our individual
lives as well as the life of our community).

We're fortunate at Rural Development (RD) to administer several programs on
behalf of the US Department of Agriculture in support of increasing economic
activity. Since I joined this agency in May of 2006, I've seen firsthand how RD
can use these programs to help provide financial support to expand business
opportunities - in even the smallest communities in New Mexico.

If you don't believe me, look for Solano on your map of New Mexico. For those of
you who need a hint, Solano is located about halfway between Roy and Mosquero in
Harding County. By anybody's definition, Solano qualifies as "small". In fact,
if the population of the entire county lived in Solano, it would still qualify
as "small" (according to the US Census Bureau, Harding County had 810 people in
2000). Yet we were able to provide financial assistance to equip a welding
manufacturing plant in Solano. This plant is now leased by Hartley Construction
which has created twelve jobs.

Farther south, we awarded an RD grant to the Pecos Valley Bio-Mass Cooperative
which has initiated a feasibility study on how to convert cow manure into
energy. Creating new energy sources like this has been successful in other parts
of the country and I firmly believe that some day soon we will see an energy
producing plant in Chaves County which will both create numerous jobs and
produce a critical source of electricity.

Now is the time to take advantage of the various financing programs offered by
USDA Rural Development. Application deadlines are fast approaching for some of
our business development programs:

March 31 is the deadline to apply for the Value Added Producer Grant (VAPG)
program which allows farmers and ranchers to earn more revenue by turning their
commodities into other higher valued products.

March 31 is also the deadline for the Rural Business Opportunity Grant (RBOG)
which is available to public bodies, non-profits and Native American tribes to
finance training and technical assistance for business development.

Finally, March 31 is the deadline for the Rural Economic Development Loan
(REDLG) program. Through this program we provide zero-interest loans to Rural
Development utility program borrowers (Electric and Telephone Coops). They in
turn re-lend the money to local entities to promote economic development and job
creation projects.

April 8 is the impending deadline for the Rural Cooperative Development Grant
which is used to finance cooperative development centers that promote the
cooperative form of business and for the Small Minority Producer Grant program.
This program benefits cooperatives or associations of cooperatives with at least
75 percent minority representation among their membership and/or governing
board. It also provides technical assistance to small, minority agriculture
producers.

As you can see, we haven't been given much time to get these applications in so
I urge anyone living in rural New Mexico who would like more details on these
programs to contact your nearest local RD office, our State Office at (505)
761-4953, or visit our Web site at http://www.rurdev.usda.gov as soon as
possible.

We look forward to the opportunity to work with you to keep rural New Mexico
alive and vibrant.

Ryan Gleason is USDA Rural Development State Director

LOAD-DATE: July 18, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Ryan Gleason

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


          Copyright 2008 Deming Headlight, a MediaNews Group Newspaper
                              All Rights Reserved


                             411 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               Lancaster Guardian

                                October 18, 2002

College's joy at [#163]750,000 business grant

SOURCE: Lancaster Guardian

LENGTH: 441 words


MYERSCOUGH College has won a [#163]750,000 grant to help create jobs through a
new [#163]1.1million Rural Business Incubator Centre.

MYERSCOUGH College has won a [#163]750,000 grant to help create jobs through a
new [#163]1.1million Rural Business Incubator Centre.

News of the cash, which means the go-ahead for a long-mooted scheme, came this
week from the Northwest Development Agency (NWDA).

The Centre - due to open by summer next year - will be the only one in the
region dedicated to serving rural needs.

We hope that the incubator will produce many new companies to help regenerate
the rural economy, said NWDA chairman Bryan Gray.

It will focus on agriculture and related industries, which are critical to rural
areas.

Prof John Moverley, principal of Myerscough, added: This is an exciting
development for the North West. The centre will seek to develop and support
innovation and enterprise.

We are committed to the direct support and encouragement of all business ideas
and development throughout the rural economy.

At the same time the college's existing Rural Business Centre is to be extended
into the same building as the Incubator Centre.

Ties with outside economic agencies will also be further strengthened.

NWDA officials expect the new 'Incubator' to provide workspace and business
support to an initial group of 16 companies.

These strictly-vetted businesses will also have access to new technology and IT
infrastructure and advice.

The two storey 'Incubator' - expected to cost around [#163]1 million - will
provide a home for the new enterprises for between one and three years. Some
would then develop into the community.

These are likely to be hi-tech businesses, businesses which are going to use new
technology which will grow in the North West and have an impact across the
region, said Mrs Lorna Tyson, the college's director of business and enterprise,
has said.

Hopefully some would be in the immediate area.

We think this will help with rural regeneration.

We are coming across businesses which have really had to refocus because of
foot-and-mouth and may be starting to go in a completely different direction.

THE NWDA has plans for several 'Incubators' across the North West. Myerscough
has, however, been chosen as the only specialist rural centre.

We are grateful for the NWDA's support in this important venture, Prof Moverley
added.

Lancaster and Wyre MP Hilton Dawson greeted the news as excellent. He has been a
keen supporter of the plan.

It is a real step forward for economic development in the rural area and the
diversification of the rural economy.

LOAD-DATE: January 10, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 2002 Johnston Press Plc


                             412 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                         Telegraph Herald (Dubuque, IA)

                             April 1, 2003 Tuesday

Farm legislation puts emphasis on rural investment; Development: Bill boosts
spending $870 million

BYLINE: mailto:jeverly@wcinet.comJOHN EVERLY

SECTION: Pg. a1

LENGTH: 749 words


Editor's note: This is the third day of a four-day series on the numerous ways
the 2002 Farm Bill impacts the tri-state area.

A substantial part of the Farm Security and Rural Investment Act of 2002 focuses
on the "rural investment" included in its title.

Rural-development programs, authorized by previous farm bills, have been around
for years. But the current legislation increases direct spending for rural
development by $$ @870 million during the 2002-12 period. Most of that spending
will occur in the next five years.

"There's something in the farm bill for everybody, from broadband to dollars for
value-added agricultural processing," said rural development specialist Tom
Miller, who works out of the U.S. Department of Agriculture's Tipton, Iowa,
office.

The farm bill's economic development scope has broadened, too.

"There's something in there for a lot more rural residents," Miller said. "If
you want to keep the small, rural areas viable, you have to have jobs, you have
to have water, you have to have sewer, you have to have access to
telecommunications."

The bill provides funding for several rural-development initiatives, including
about $$ @33 million annually for value-added agricultural product market
development grants; nearly $$ @2 billion to enhance broadband access in rural
areas; and $$ @10 million to rural firefighters and emergency personnel for
training.

One local business has benefited from the bill's economic development programs.
A $$ @34,620 value-added agricultural marketing grant allowed Delaware County
Meats in Dyersville, Iowa, to expand its product line.

Delaware County Meats is owned by local pork producers who created the company
to add value to their hogs. The company is using the grant to develop and market
"heat and serve" pork products on a regional scale.

"We need to do something out here to keep our rural economy going. This is one
way to do that," said Dave Kronlage, the company's president.

"This is another avenue that we have for people who have ideas of things they
would like to do, but need help financial-wise," said Donna Boss, Delaware
County's value-added ag coordinator.

Since the bill's enactment, more than $$ @5.6 million in value-added ag
marketing grants have been awarded to Iowa businesses.

"A huge boost to these small, value-added projects that are moving," Miller said
of the funding. He said he expected new funding for value-added grants would
become available this summer.

New to "farm" legislation is an initiative to bring advanced telecommunications
technology to rural areas. One of the bill's principal authors, Sen. Tom Harkin,
D-Iowa, included new broadband technology programs in the legislation.

"Full deployment of broadband availability means full access for our farmers and
rural residents to the economy of the future and this initiative in our new farm
bill will help make that happen," Harkin said.

More than 50 percent of Iowa does not have access to broadband service,
according to the Iowa Utilities Board. The cost to serve a customer increases
the greater the distance from a customer, so it has been more difficult to
deploy these services in rural than in urban areas.

During the next six years, the 2002 Farm Bill provides up to $$ @750 million per
year in low-interest loans for any entity that expands broadband service to
communities of fewer than 20,000 people.

Also new to the legislation is a renewable energy component. The bill
establishes programs and grants to assist eligible farmers, ranchers and rural
small businesses in buying renewable energy systems. It also encourages
government procurement of bio-based products to support development of
bio-refineries, and includes programs to educate the public about benefits of
biodiesel fuel use.

The bill establishes a competitive grant program to support development of
bio-refineries to convert biomass into multiple products such as fuels,
chemicals and electricity.

Judging from the number of requests for project funding, interest in the bill's
rural development programs runs high locally, Miller said.

Rules for many of the programs are still being written, and Congress has yet to
provide funding for some rural development initiatives. But Miller said budding
entrepreneurs should begin planning now.

"We always tell people, 'You're not going to get funded if you don't apply,' "
he said.

$$ @122:Online package


LOAD-DATE: April 1, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: mug: Tom Miller

                  Copyright 2003 Woodward Communications, Inc.


                             413 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                 Republican & Herald (Pottsville, Pennsylvania)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             March 22, 2011 Tuesday

Congressman and USDA present funding to PADCO, Mahanoy Township

BYLINE: Frank Andruscavage, Republican & Herald, Pottsville, Pa.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 496 words


March 22--U.S. Rep Tim Holden, D-17, and Jack Hoffman of the U.S. Department of
Agriculture presented funding Monday to the Pottsville Area Development Corp.,
PADCO, and the Mahanoy Township board of supervisors.

PADCO received a $12,000 USDA Rural Development Grant and a $200,000 USDA Rural
Development Loan while Mahanoy Township was presented with a Rural Development
Grant in the amount of $13,990.

Mahanoy Township will use the money to help offset the purchase of a new 2011
dump truck and snow plow, replacing the current 1995 vehicle.

Jack Kauffman, USDA Rural Development area director, said the funding provided
to PADCO is the first awarded in Holden's 17th District and the only one awarded
in Eastern Pennsylvania to date.

Amy S. Burkhart, PADCO executive director, said the money will be used locally
to create a loan pool that will supplement the Pottsville Revolving Loan Fund, a
small business lending program.

She said PADCO currently has a loan pool that includes Pottsville and Schuylkill
Haven area businesses. With the additional funding available, Burkhart said she
hopes the loan program will extend to other parts of the county.

In order to qualify for a loan, Burkhart said a business must have 10 or less
employees and that the money can subsidize 75 percent of the project cost not to
exceed $50,000.

"With this program we are helping businesses start, grow and thrive in
Schuylkill County," she said.

In Mahanoy Township, the supervisors will make up the difference for the $39,398
vehicle with money from the general fund.

Township Supervisor Jim Stevens said the new truck will be equipped with a snow
plow and stainless steel salt spreader and will be ready for winter road
maintenance.

"When you think of the Department of Agriculture, you think of production
agriculture, but the department does include rural development and it is through
rural development's Community Facilities program that we are able to help our
municipalities such as Mahanoy Township," Holden said.

Kauffman said the program is typically a loan and grant program but this year
the program has changed to include straight grants.

"Mahanoy Township was lucky enough to receive one of the grants," Kauffman said.

Holden said although there is a lot of uncertainty with the federal budget, he
is hoping by being on the Agricultural Committee he can make sure program such
as this continue.

"If it wasn't for the help of Tim Holden, the late Sen. (James) Rhoades and Rep.
Neal Goodman, our township could not function," Mahanoy Township Supervisors
Chairwoman Sharon Chiao said Monday. "We are so grateful for all of their help."

To see more of the Republican & Herald or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.republicanherald.com. Copyright (c) 2011, Republican & Herald,
Pottsville, Pa. Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For more
information about the content services offered by McClatchy-Tribune Information
Services (MCT), visit www.mctinfoservices.com.

LOAD-DATE: March 22, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20110322-RN-Congressman-and-USDA-present-funding-to-PADCO-Mahanoy-Township-0322-
20110322

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: RN


                       Copyright 2011 Republican & Herald


                             414 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          Enid News & Eagle (Oklahoma)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             August 10, 2009 Monday

Grant awarded to GCDA

BYLINE: Robert Barron, Enid News & Eagle, Okla.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 375 words


Aug. 10--Garfield County Devel-opment Alliance received a $99,000 grant from the
USDA Rural Development to help a local business grow.

Brent Kisling, executive director of Garfield County Development Authority, said
the funds will be used to help purchase a building that will allow a local
business to expand.

"We're very excited about it. The $99,000 grant will be used to purchase a
building in Enid. We are working with a local business wanting to expand and it
needs a larger facility," Kisling said.

The grant allows the authority to match some of the money provided by the city
of Enid to purchase the building.

This is the first rural development grant Enid has received since 2000, Kisling
said. The grant is for communities under 50,000 in population and the maximum
available is $100,000.

"It has to be used to enhance job growth in the community," Kisling said.

He did not identify the business, but said it is an existing business of about
20 employees and the building will allow it to double its employees to 40.

"These are good-paying jobs, above the state average," he said.

Kisling also emphasized the importance of the partnership with Autry Technology
Center and the city of Enid. He credited Terre Holle of Autry Technology Center
with writing the grant, enabling them to leverage money from the city of Enid.

Kisling said he hopes to announce the business involved in about two weeks. The
building will be owned by the authority, as required by the grant funds, and
they will lease it to the business.

"It's a huge benefit. I don't know how many grants they did this year," he said.

Kisling is former director of USDA Rural Development for Oklahoma.

The Enid grant is one of three in northwest Oklahoma. The other grants are to
the Guymon Utilities Authority and High Plains Resource Conservation and
Develop-ment in Buffalo.

To see more of the Enid News & Eagle or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.enidnews.com. Copyright (c) 2009, Enid News & Eagle, Okla.
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: August 10, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20090810-EK-Grant-awarded-to-GCDA-0810

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: EK


                                 Copyright 2009


                             415 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                               Eastbourne Herald

                            March 12, 2015 Thursday

More on £3.5bn plans to invest in rural areas

LENGTH: 285  words


More details have emerged of new rural development schemes worth £3.5bn to the
English countryside.

The new Rural Development Programme for England (RDPE) was formally agreed by
the European Commission last month and will help people  to set up businesses in
rural areas.

Under the programme, the government will be investing at least £3.5bn in rural
development schemes until 2020, confirms the latest Defra update. About £2.1bn
will be spent on existing environmental schemes. The remainder of the money will
be spent through the new RDPE, which is made up elements such as Countryside
Stewardship; Countryside Productivity and Growth Programme.

About £900 million will be spent on Countryside Stewardship, which will help
rural businesses improve the countryside environment. Guidance for Countryside
Productivity is being published on the government's GOV.UK website during March,
said  Defra.

Potential applicants will ask for ideas for projects which the scheme could
support. The full application process for grant funding will open later in 2015.
Under the Growth Programme, £177 million will go to people and business to help
them support their local rural economy. Grants will be available for starting up
a business, developing a business, tourism, renewable heat and energy projects.

From 2016, there will also be grants for broadband investments. These will be
linked to Local Broadband Plans developed by local authorities. Funding will be
allocated to local action groups (LAGs) in order to create jobs and growth in
rural areas, mainly via small grants. Through the LEADER element of the RDPE
2014-2020, £138m will be available to local businesses, farmers, foresters, land
managers and communities.

LOAD-DATE: March 12, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: JPEH


                       Copyright 2015 Johnston Press Plc
                              All Rights Reserved


                             416 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                 Sussex Express

                            March 12, 2015 Thursday

More on £3.5bn plans to invest in rural areas

LENGTH: 285  words


More details have emerged of new rural development schemes worth £3.5bn to the
English countryside.

The new Rural Development Programme for England (RDPE) was formally agreed by
the European Commission last month and will help people  to set up businesses in
rural areas.

Under the programme, the government will be investing at least £3.5bn in rural
development schemes until 2020, confirms the latest Defra update. About £2.1bn
will be spent on existing environmental schemes. The remainder of the money will
be spent through the new RDPE, which is made up elements such as Countryside
Stewardship; Countryside Productivity and Growth Programme.

About £900 million will be spent on Countryside Stewardship, which will help
rural businesses improve the countryside environment. Guidance for Countryside
Productivity is being published on the government's GOV.UK website during March,
said  Defra.

Potential applicants will ask for ideas for projects which the scheme could
support. The full application process for grant funding will open later in 2015.
Under the Growth Programme, £177 million will go to people and business to help
them support their local rural economy. Grants will be available for starting up
a business, developing a business, tourism, renewable heat and energy projects.

From 2016, there will also be grants for broadband investments. These will be
linked to Local Broadband Plans developed by local authorities. Funding will be
allocated to local action groups (LAGs) in order to create jobs and growth in
rural areas, mainly via small grants. Through the LEADER element of the RDPE
2014-2020, £138m will be available to local businesses, farmers, foresters, land
managers and communities.

LOAD-DATE: March 12, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: JPSE


                       Copyright 2015 Johnston Press Plc
                              All Rights Reserved


                             417 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               Somerset Guardian

                                 March 15, 2012

£60m grant scheme to aid rural businesses

SECTION: Pg. 9

LENGTH: 191  words


Businesses in Bath and North East Somerset are being encouraged to apply for a
new £60 million Government grant aimed at boosting the rural economy.

Conservative councillors in the area are urging local businesses to take
advantage of the  scheme, which was  launched by the Secretary of State for
Environment, Food and Rural Affairs, Caroline Spelman MP.

The scheme aims to support rural businesses by providing grants ranging from
£25,000 to £1 million to support projects aimed at in increasing their
competitiveness and profits.

It is particularly aimed at businesses involved in agriculture, tourism,
forestry and micro-enterprises specialising in media technology or small-scale
manufacturing.

For more information visit  rdpenetwork.defra.gov.uk/funding-sources/rural
-economy-grant.  Initial outline applications must be submitted by April 30.

Conservative Shadow Cabinet Member for Sustainable Development, councillor
Patrick Anketell-Jone said: "The rural economy has the potential to support
significant economic growth in B&NES, but it will require support from the
council and Government to deliver this, such as through grants like this one."

LOAD-DATE: March 16, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 72


                    Copyright 2012 Northcliffe Media Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             418 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            October 4, 2016 Tuesday

FEDERAL REGISTER: Notice of Request for Extension of a Currently Approved
Information Collection Pages 68402 - 68402 [FR DOC # 2016-23914]

LENGTH: 707  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: Office of the Federal Register has issued the following notice:



 DEPARTMENT OF AGRICULTURE Rural Business-Cooperative Service Notice of Request
for Extension of a Currently Approved Information Collection AGENCY: Rural
Business-Cooperative Service, USDA. ACTION: Proposed collection; comments
requested.

----------------------------------------------------------------------- SUMMARY:
In accordance with the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995, this notice announces
the Rural Business-Cooperative Service's intention to request an extension for a
currently approved information collection in support of the Rural Economic
Development Loan and Grant Program. DATES: Comments on this notice must be
received by December 5, 2016, to be assured of consideration. FOR FURTHER
INFORMATION CONTACT: Director, Specialty Programs Division, Rural Business
-Cooperative Service, U.S. Department of Agriculture, STOP 3226, 1400
Independence Avenue SW., Washington, DC 20250-3226, Telephone (202) 720-1400.
SUPPLEMENTARY INFORMATION: Title: Rural Economic Development Loan and Grant
Program. OMB Number: 0570-0035. Expiration Date of Approval: February 28, 2017.
Type of Request: Extension of a currently approved information collection.
Abstract: Under this program, loans and grants are provided to electric and
telecommunications utilities that have borrowed funds from the Agency. The
purpose of the program is to encourage these electric and telecommunications
utilities to promote rural economic development and job creation projects such
as business start-up costs, business expansion, community development, and
business incubator projects. The utilities must use program loan funds to make a
pass-through loan to an ultimate recipient such as a business. The utility is
responsible for fully repaying its loan to the Government, even if the ultimate
recipient does not repay its loan. The intermediary must use program grant
funds, along with its required contribution, to create a revolving loan fund
that the utility will operate and administer. Loans to the ultimate recipient
are made from the revolving loan fund for a variety of community development
projects. The information requested is necessary and vital in order for the
Agency to be able to make prudent and financial analysis decisions. Estimate of
Burden: Public reporting burden for this collection of information is estimated
to average 2 hours per response. Respondents: Rural Utilities Service Electric
and Telecommunications Borrowers. Estimated Number of Respondents: 120.
Estimated Number of Responses per Respondent: 17. Estimated Number of Responses:
2,075. Estimated Total Annual Burden on Respondents: 4,728. Copies of this
information collection can be obtained from Jeanne Jacobs, Regulations and
Paperwork Management Branch, Support Services Division at (202) 692-0040.
Comments: Comments are invited on: (a) Whether the proposed collection of
information is necessary for the proper performance of the functions of USDA,
including whether the information will have practical utility; (b) the accuracy
of USDA's estimate of the burden of the proposed collection of information
including the validity of the methodology and assumptions used; (c) ways to
enhance the quality, utility and clarity of the information to be collected; and
(d) ways to minimize the burden of the collection of information on those who
are to respond, including through the use of appropriate automated, electronic,
mechanical, or other technological collection techniques or other forms of
information technology. Comments may be sent to Jeanne Jacobs, Regulations and
Paperwork Management Branch, Support Services Division, U.S. Department of
Agriculture, Rural Development, STOP 0742, 1400 Independence Avenue SW.,
Washington, DC 20250-0742. All responses to this notice will be summarized and
included in the request for OMB approval. All comments will also become a matter
of public record. Dated: September 28, 2016. Justin Hatmaker, Acting
Administrator, Rural Business-Cooperative Service. [FR Doc. 2016-23914 Filed
10-3-16; 8:45 am] BILLING CODE 3410-XY-P



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 5, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             419 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            October 4, 2016 Tuesday

FEDERAL REGISTER: Notice of Request for Extension of a Currently Approved
Information Collection Pages 68402 - 68402 [FR DOC # 2016-23914]

LENGTH: 707  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: Office of the Federal Register has issued the following notice:



 DEPARTMENT OF AGRICULTURE Rural Business-Cooperative Service Notice of Request
for Extension of a Currently Approved Information Collection AGENCY: Rural
Business-Cooperative Service, USDA. ACTION: Proposed collection; comments
requested.

----------------------------------------------------------------------- SUMMARY:
In accordance with the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995, this notice announces
the Rural Business-Cooperative Service's intention to request an extension for a
currently approved information collection in support of the Rural Economic
Development Loan and Grant Program. DATES: Comments on this notice must be
received by December 5, 2016, to be assured of consideration. FOR FURTHER
INFORMATION CONTACT: Director, Specialty Programs Division, Rural Business
-Cooperative Service, U.S. Department of Agriculture, STOP 3226, 1400
Independence Avenue SW., Washington, DC 20250-3226, Telephone (202) 720-1400.
SUPPLEMENTARY INFORMATION: Title: Rural Economic Development Loan and Grant
Program. OMB Number: 0570-0035. Expiration Date of Approval: February 28, 2017.
Type of Request: Extension of a currently approved information collection.
Abstract: Under this program, loans and grants are provided to electric and
telecommunications utilities that have borrowed funds from the Agency. The
purpose of the program is to encourage these electric and telecommunications
utilities to promote rural economic development and job creation projects such
as business start-up costs, business expansion, community development, and
business incubator projects. The utilities must use program loan funds to make a
pass-through loan to an ultimate recipient such as a business. The utility is
responsible for fully repaying its loan to the Government, even if the ultimate
recipient does not repay its loan. The intermediary must use program grant
funds, along with its required contribution, to create a revolving loan fund
that the utility will operate and administer. Loans to the ultimate recipient
are made from the revolving loan fund for a variety of community development
projects. The information requested is necessary and vital in order for the
Agency to be able to make prudent and financial analysis decisions. Estimate of
Burden: Public reporting burden for this collection of information is estimated
to average 2 hours per response. Respondents: Rural Utilities Service Electric
and Telecommunications Borrowers. Estimated Number of Respondents: 120.
Estimated Number of Responses per Respondent: 17. Estimated Number of Responses:
2,075. Estimated Total Annual Burden on Respondents: 4,728. Copies of this
information collection can be obtained from Jeanne Jacobs, Regulations and
Paperwork Management Branch, Support Services Division at (202) 692-0040.
Comments: Comments are invited on: (a) Whether the proposed collection of
information is necessary for the proper performance of the functions of USDA,
including whether the information will have practical utility; (b) the accuracy
of USDA's estimate of the burden of the proposed collection of information
including the validity of the methodology and assumptions used; (c) ways to
enhance the quality, utility and clarity of the information to be collected; and
(d) ways to minimize the burden of the collection of information on those who
are to respond, including through the use of appropriate automated, electronic,
mechanical, or other technological collection techniques or other forms of
information technology. Comments may be sent to Jeanne Jacobs, Regulations and
Paperwork Management Branch, Support Services Division, U.S. Department of
Agriculture, Rural Development, STOP 0742, 1400 Independence Avenue SW.,
Washington, DC 20250-0742. All responses to this notice will be summarized and
included in the request for OMB approval. All comments will also become a matter
of public record. Dated: September 28, 2016. Justin Hatmaker, Acting
Administrator, Rural Business-Cooperative Service. [FR Doc. 2016-23914 Filed
10-3-16; 8:45 am] BILLING CODE 3410-XY-P



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 5, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             420 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            October 4, 2016 Tuesday

FEDERAL REGISTER: Notice of Request for Extension of a Currently Approved
Information Collection Pages 68402 - 68402 [FR DOC # 2016-23914]

LENGTH: 707  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: Office of the Federal Register has issued the following notice:



 DEPARTMENT OF AGRICULTURE Rural Business-Cooperative Service Notice of Request
for Extension of a Currently Approved Information Collection AGENCY: Rural
Business-Cooperative Service, USDA. ACTION: Proposed collection; comments
requested.

----------------------------------------------------------------------- SUMMARY:
In accordance with the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995, this notice announces
the Rural Business-Cooperative Service's intention to request an extension for a
currently approved information collection in support of the Rural Economic
Development Loan and Grant Program. DATES: Comments on this notice must be
received by December 5, 2016, to be assured of consideration. FOR FURTHER
INFORMATION CONTACT: Director, Specialty Programs Division, Rural Business
-Cooperative Service, U.S. Department of Agriculture, STOP 3226, 1400
Independence Avenue SW., Washington, DC 20250-3226, Telephone (202) 720-1400.
SUPPLEMENTARY INFORMATION: Title: Rural Economic Development Loan and Grant
Program. OMB Number: 0570-0035. Expiration Date of Approval: February 28, 2017.
Type of Request: Extension of a currently approved information collection.
Abstract: Under this program, loans and grants are provided to electric and
telecommunications utilities that have borrowed funds from the Agency. The
purpose of the program is to encourage these electric and telecommunications
utilities to promote rural economic development and job creation projects such
as business start-up costs, business expansion, community development, and
business incubator projects. The utilities must use program loan funds to make a
pass-through loan to an ultimate recipient such as a business. The utility is
responsible for fully repaying its loan to the Government, even if the ultimate
recipient does not repay its loan. The intermediary must use program grant
funds, along with its required contribution, to create a revolving loan fund
that the utility will operate and administer. Loans to the ultimate recipient
are made from the revolving loan fund for a variety of community development
projects. The information requested is necessary and vital in order for the
Agency to be able to make prudent and financial analysis decisions. Estimate of
Burden: Public reporting burden for this collection of information is estimated
to average 2 hours per response. Respondents: Rural Utilities Service Electric
and Telecommunications Borrowers. Estimated Number of Respondents: 120.
Estimated Number of Responses per Respondent: 17. Estimated Number of Responses:
2,075. Estimated Total Annual Burden on Respondents: 4,728. Copies of this
information collection can be obtained from Jeanne Jacobs, Regulations and
Paperwork Management Branch, Support Services Division at (202) 692-0040.
Comments: Comments are invited on: (a) Whether the proposed collection of
information is necessary for the proper performance of the functions of USDA,
including whether the information will have practical utility; (b) the accuracy
of USDA's estimate of the burden of the proposed collection of information
including the validity of the methodology and assumptions used; (c) ways to
enhance the quality, utility and clarity of the information to be collected; and
(d) ways to minimize the burden of the collection of information on those who
are to respond, including through the use of appropriate automated, electronic,
mechanical, or other technological collection techniques or other forms of
information technology. Comments may be sent to Jeanne Jacobs, Regulations and
Paperwork Management Branch, Support Services Division, U.S. Department of
Agriculture, Rural Development, STOP 0742, 1400 Independence Avenue SW.,
Washington, DC 20250-0742. All responses to this notice will be summarized and
included in the request for OMB approval. All comments will also become a matter
of public record. Dated: September 28, 2016. Justin Hatmaker, Acting
Administrator, Rural Business-Cooperative Service. [FR Doc. 2016-23914 Filed
10-3-16; 8:45 am] BILLING CODE 3410-XY-P



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 4, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             421 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             May 22, 2014 Thursday

New Mexico: Rural communities grow from loans, grants

LENGTH: 694  words

DATELINE: Santa Fe


City Of Deming has issued the following news release:

WASHINGTON >> Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack announced that the Department is
accepting applications for loans and grants to support community development
projects, business expansion and job creation.

"These USDA investments are part of the Obama Administration's ongoing efforts
to create jobs and expand economic opportunities for rural entrepreneurs,"
Vilsack said. "Through them, USDA is working with local organizations to provide
capital to help small business owners achieve their goals. These investments are
helping rural residents take the next steps on the ladder to greater success and
opportunity."

Assistance is being provided through two USDA Rural Development programs: the
Intermediary Relending Program (IRP) and the Rural Microentrepreneur Assistance
Program (RMAP). The 2014 Farm Bill reauthorized both programs through 2018. For
Fiscal Year 2014, $18.9 million in IRP loans are available, and $25.4 million in
RMAP loans and grants are available.

USDA Rural Development State Director Terry Brunner added, "The availability of
this funding is critical because often it has been tough for the small business
owner to access small loans from traditional lenders this funding will provide
another avenue of financial support." Brunner added, "The Obama Administration
is committed to make available existing federal resources to create jobs even in
the smallest of communities, and I believe this funding will help achieve that
goal one business at a time."

One of the best examples how some of this funding has been used was when the New
Mexico Community Development Loan Fund (Loan Fund) received an obligation of
$400,000 in 2012 which then has made low income loans to various small
businesses throughout rural New Mexico. Including; entrepreneurs, business
owners and non-profit organizations with the goal of expanding business
opportunities and creating jobs.

Under IRP, USDA lends money to economic development intermediaries (non-profits
and public bodies) who re-lend it to rural businesses (ultimate recipients) that
might not otherwise be able to obtain such financing. The program supports
sustainable economic development and helps create or retain jobs in
disadvantaged and remote communities. USDA encourages intermediaries to work
with state and regional representatives and with other public and private
organizations that can provide complementary resources. Since President Obama
took office, the IRP program has created or saved an estimated 92,000 jobs.

Under RMAP, USDA provides loans and grants to Microenterprise Development
Organizations (MDOs) to help microentrepreneurs -- very small businesses with 10
or fewer employees -- access microloans to start or develop businesses. MDOs use
the funds to provide training and technical assistance to eligible small
businesses or to establish revolving loan funds to provide micro-loans,
typically $5,000 to $50,000, to rural microentrepreneurs. Since the beginning of
the Obama Administration, the RMAP program has provided $52 million for 257
projects to support very small business enterprises.

Details about how to apply for 2014 IRP funding are on page 28886 and for 2014
RMAP funding are on page 28888 of today's Federal Register. Application forms
may be obtained from any USDA Rural Development State Office.

President Obama's plan for rural America has brought about historic investment
and resulted in stronger rural communities. Under the President's leadership,
these investments in housing, community facilities, businesses and
infrastructure have empowered rural America to continue leading the way --
strengthening America's economy, small towns and rural communities.

USDA's investments in rural communities support the rural way of life that
stands as the backbone of our American values. President Obama and Agriculture
Secretary Vilsack are committed to a smarter use of federal resources to foster
sustainable economic prosperity and ensure the government is a strong partner
for businesses, entrepreneurs and working families in rural communities.

For further information please visit: http://www.cityofdeming.org/

LOAD-DATE: May 23, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             422 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Deming Headlight (New Mexico)

                             May 27, 2010 Thursday

May, June deadlines on energy project funding applications

BYLINE: For the Headlight

SECTION: LOCAL

LENGTH: 372 words


ALBUQUERQUE - USDA Rural Development State Director Terry Brunner has announced
application deadlines in May and June for grant/loan guarantee funding under the
Rural Energy for America Program (REAP) administered by the Business &
Cooperative Programs.

The Rural Energy for America Program provides funding for loan guarantees and
grants for the purchase and installation of renewable energy systems and energy
efficiency improvements to eligible agricultural producers and rural small
businesses.

USDA Rural Development is accepting applications for grants and loan guarantees
in this program until June 30, 2010. There are three funding opportunity
deadlines for projects where the grant request is $20,000 or less - applications
are due on June 1, June 15, and June 30, 2010. Where grant requests are greater
than $20,000, are due June 2, and June 30, 2010. Applicants should attempt to
meet the earliest deadline possible.

"The REAP program offers a great opportunity for rural businesses and
agricultural producers to help their bottom line by making their operation more
energy efficient" said Brunner. "This program funds renewable energy in the form
of wind, solar, geothermal, biomass, anaerobic digestion, and hydrogen. The
program also includes energy efficiency improvements, such as switching out
lighting, heating and cooling systems, or insulation."

The funding notice for REAP is available at
http://edocket.access.gpo.gov/2010/pdf/2010-9580 .pdf. The relevant regulation
is at http://www.rurdev.usda.gov/regs/regs_toc.html (go to 4280-G). Applications
for this program must follow application requirements as provided in both the
notice and the regulations. Please note: This program does not fund residences.
An applicant contribution is required.

Application packets are available through Kim Giang, USDA-RD, at (505) 761-4953
or kim.giang@nm.usda.gov . For more information on USDA-RD business programs,
visit http://www.rurdev.usda.gov/rbs .

USDA Rural Development's mission is to increase economic opportunity and improve
the quality of life for rural residents. Further information on rural programs
is available at a local USDA Rural Development office or by visiting USDA's web
site at http://www.rurdev.usda.gov .

LOAD-DATE: May 29, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


          Copyright 2010 Deming Headlight, a MediaNews Group Newspaper
                              All Rights Reserved


                             423 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                            Derby Evening Telegraph

                                 July 18, 2000

Extra funds to help get redundant buildings put to good use

SECTION: Agriculture: FARMS - CONVERTED FARMS, Pg.06

LENGTH: 433 words


Following a recent Government announcement, the existing Redundant Buildings
Grant has been extended.

There now exists a short window of opportunity for farmers and landowners in all
parts of the country to secure grants for the conversion of their redundant farm
buildings to offset up front build costs and assist in the financial feasibility
of such projects.

The existing Redundant Buildings Grant has been operational since 1994 but has
been limited to Rural Priority Areas (RPAs) (which cover rural areas similar to
European Rural Development Areas) as defined and administered by the Regional
Development Agencies (RDAs). The existing grant is available for conversion or
refurbishment of redundant buildings into uses for:

- Manufacturing

- Service business

- Office premises

- Tourist and leisure facilities

- Retail outlets

but specifically not for residential conversion.

The grant is paid on a maximum of 25 per cent of the total build cost of the
project with a minimum grant of GBP 2,500.

The problem has been for farmers and landowners outside the RPAs.

No grants have been available from the RDAs to assist in the conversion of their
redundant farm buildings.

The new money has been provided in response to this criticism and the
Government's policy to stimulate rural business and the rural economy.

It is also intended to assist farmers and landowners find new uses for buildings
in the countryside and to diversify in cases where without support the project
would simply be uneconomic.

Additional monies are available under a similar basis as the existing scheme but
are available across the whole country through the RDA network. There are a
number of points to note regarding these new funds:

- While the grant is usually payable at the rate of 25 per cent of build costs
it is at the discretion of the individual RDA in certain cases to pay up to 40
per cent.

- These extra grants are for the financial year 2000/2001 only.

- Individual RDAs have their own criteria for applying the grants with respect
to qualification and application deadlines .

- Only projects with planning permission will be considered for these new
monies.

Clive Beer, from FPDSavills, said: "This new money represents an important but
brief opportunity for farmers and landowners all over England considering the
possibilities for redevelopment of their redundant buildings.

"The deadline for completing applications are extremely tight and would
therefore suit sites where initial financial appraisals have been undertaken and
the planning process has been initiated."

LOAD-DATE: July 20, 2000

LANGUAGE: English

                     Copyright 2000 Derby Evening Telegraph


                             424 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                      Western Morning News (Plymouth, UK)

                           December 4, 2013 Wednesday
                                   Edition 1;
                                National Edition

Deadline is approaching for £1m REG fund SME pitches

BYLINE: CATHERINE BARNES

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. 21

LENGTH: 435 words


Businesses across Devon and Somerset are being urged to apply for the remaining
development funding from a £1 million business growth fund. Over £600,000 from
the Heart of the South West Rural Enterprise Grant, has already been allocated
to 19 regional businesses since it was launched in January. The deadline for
final applications is early in the new year, with the remaining funding due to
be allocated in March.

The fund is administered by Devon County Council and aims to support projects
that will aid business development and create jobs.

Businesses have used the money in a variety of ways - to update machinery, to
automate production processes or purchase new equipment.

Among them is family run Devon company Hunter's Brewery, based in Ipplepen,
which has installed an automated bottling system in an investment part-funded by
a £17,000 REG grant.

This has enabled the business to increase production from 300 bottles per hour
by hand to 3000 per hour and create two additional jobs.

Director Paul Walker said: "The automated bottling line will not only help us
cope with our own production levels, but will enable us to contractbottle for
other small breweries." Rural enterprises with fewer than 10 employees are
eligible to apply for REG funding. They must need to meet 60% of project costs,
with the grant covering a maximum of 40%.

Councillor Andrew Leadbetter, Devon County Council cabinet member for economy
and growth said: "Around 90% of businesses across Devon and Somerset are micro
businesses, so this grant has huge potential to boost the economy in the area."

Devon County Council successfully bid for the £1 million REG fund pot from
Defra, in partnership with the Heart of the South West Local Enterprise
Partnership. Chris Garcia, chief executive of the HotSW LEP said: "Hunter's
Brewery is exactly the type of business this grant has been set up to support
and we wish them the best in the future.

"We hope that more businesses apply for the Rural Enterprise Grant before the
deadline - this funding is designed to help rural businesses to grow, creating
and safeguarding jobs throughout the area." The Rural Enterprise Grant is in
addition to the Government's £2.9 million investment in HotSW's Rural Growth
Network (RGN).

The RGN is expected to create around 1,300 new jobs in the area and increase
gross value added by tens of millions. Rural enterprises with fewer than 10
employees are eligible to apply for REG funding. They must be able to meet 60%
of their project''s costs, with the grant covering a maximum of 40%.

'The line will enable us to contract-bottle for others'Paul Walker

LOAD-DATE: December 4, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Success: Paul Walker of Hunter''s Brewery
PICTURE: ANDY STYLES

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: WMN


                 Copyright 2013 Western Morning News (Plymouth)
                              All Rights Reserved


                             425 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                          East Bernard Express (Texas)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                  June 9, 2011

USDA to highlight rural development

BYLINE: East Bernard Express staff

LENGTH: 335  words


USDA Rural Development representatives will hold a Rural Development Office Day
for Wharton County from 10 a.m. to 1 p.m. June 14 to present program information
and applications to the public.

The office day is at the Northside Center, 707 Fahrenthold in El Campo.
Information will be provided about USDA Rural Development Housing, Community and
Business and Cooperative loan and grant programs.

USDA Rural Development works to ensure rural residents can participate fully in
the global economy through technical assistance and programs that help rural
Americans build strong economies to improve their quality of life.

Rural Development loans and grants assist rural communities meet their basic
needs by building water and wastewater systems; financing decent, affordable
housing; supporting electric power and rural businesses, including cooperatives;
and supporting community development with information and technical assistance
including broadband initiatives. USDA Rural Development representatives will be
available during the office day to answer questions and assist individuals with
applications in all program areas.

USDA Rural Development Housing Programs offer loans and grants to families with
very low to moderate income levels in towns and cities meeting certain
population requirements.

Loans are primarily used to help income eligible individuals or households
purchase homes in rural areas. Funds can be used to build, repair and renovate a
home, or to purchase and prepare sites with water and sewage facilities.

For very low-income families who own homes in need of repair, the Home Repair
Loan and Grant Program offers funding for renovations. Funding has previously
been requested to repair a leaking roof, make a home wheelchair accessible,
repair damaged or faulty wiring and to install a waste disposal system.

For more information regarding USDA Rural Development programs, please contact
the Angleton Office at (979) 849-5251, ext. 4 or by visiting our website at
www.rurdev.usda.gov/tx/.

LOAD-DATE: August 3, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Local Government

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: EBX

                      Copyright 2011 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                      Copyright 2011 East Bernard Express


                             426 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            Daily Post (North Wales)

                          September 7, 2011 Wednesday
                              North Wales Edition

FROZEN ASSETS;
Grant cash helps reduce Spar's chiller costs

BYLINE: ROB DAVIES

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 726 words


A CONVENIENCE store is poised to slash hundreds of pounds a month from its
electricity bill thanks to a grant from a newly-launched project aimed at
helping small local businesses in rural areas.

Mike Skerrett, who runs the Spar in Dolwyddelan, has invested pounds 6,644 to
fit glass doors to its chill cabinets - with the help of a pounds 3,322 grant
from Conwy Rural Business Support. The grant was match-funded with a pounds
3,000 loan from the Carbon Trust.

The doors will prevent refrigerated air escaping, saving around pounds 300 a
month in electricity.

Mike Skerrett told Business Post: "We are one of the very first stores in rural
North Wales to put doors on our open-fronted chillers, it will save us I guess
about 40% on our electricity bill.

"As they are, they are so inefficient it's not true - imagine having your fridge
door open all day long. Anything you can do to cut that cost makes your business
more sustainable and cuts your carbon footprint. We are a very small store in a
very small village and every penny helps to keep people employed.

"I applied for an interest-free loan from the Carbon Trust which we got and then
knowing that this funding was available from the Rural Development-Partnership,
I went to them and asked if they would match fund it and they were very pleased
to do it.

"The whole project will self-fund because our electricity bill is something like
pounds 1,000 a month, I am looking at saving at least pounds 300 a month on the
electricity. The repayments on the loan are pounds 128 a month so it will be
paid for in two years.

"It will help us stay in business, life is not easy in the retail trade at the
moment, we are looking to stay where we are and edge slightly forwards by any
energy savings we can make.

"You have to look at the bottom line in any business, and if you can make
savings it means you don't have to say 'that member of staff must go and I must
do the work myself.'" The convenience store is independently owned by Mike and
wife Lona with the Spar as its main supplier. Mike, 59, used to run a marketing
company, and has put his commercial skills to good use at the shop in
Dolwyddelan, doubling annual turnover in eight years from pounds 260,000 t0
pounds 560,000, with a gross profit of some 22%, out of which he must pay four
staff. Working 13 hours a day, seven days a week, it's not a job for the
fainthearted.

Mike is very grateful to the Conwy Rural Development Partnership for their
support, which he says, will be vital for businesses like his.

"I feel so strongly that village shops need to be kept open, it is things like
this which are going to help us," he added.

"It is really good that they can fund this for me, it means that the old people
in this village who haven't got transport, have still got a well-stocked village
shop to come and do their shopping in, using lots of local produce. It's win,
win, win."

Conwy Rural Business Support was set up earlier this year and has around 40
micro-businesses already in line for grants from a funding pot of pounds 200,000
over the next three years.

The project is managed by the Conwy Rural Partnership and part funded through
the Rural Development Plan financed by the EU and the Welsh Government.

As part of the new round of funding, the Partnership is able to offer guidance
with specific elements of businesses to help them become more sustainable.

Project manager Kerry Evans said that the aim was to maintain the cultural
heritage of the area and promote rural Conwy as a great place to do business.

"I think that there is a real opportunity here for people to develop a sound
foundation to push their businesses forward in a real sustainable way.

"Not just looking at that bottom line profit but looking at the processes of how
people work, how can we improve, that is where the business heath check comes
in," she said.

"It's not just a case of throwing a grant at a business, it is looking at doing
things a different way, which can actually save money."

The project was initially set up because it was felt rural areas of Conwy were
missing out and the needs of rural firms were not the same as urban ones.

To qualify, businesses must have less than 10 full-time staff, and meet strict
eligibility criteria. Help is available to check if projects are suitable.

martin.williams@dailypost.co.uk

LOAD-DATE: September 7, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:  Owner of the Spar at Dolwyddelan Mike Skerrett put his grant cash to
good use by cutting his carbon footprint

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: dp


                       Copyright 2011 Trinity Mirror plc
                              All Rights Reserved


                             427 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Las Cruces Sun-News (New Mexico)

                              June 1, 2012 Friday

Finance NM: Energy-efficient lighting slashes costs for Deming manufacturer

BYLINE: By Terry Brunner/state director, U.S. Department of Agriculture Rural
Development agency

SECTION: BUSINESS

LENGTH: 574 words


A new energy-efficient system installed at Compass Components Incorporated is
expected to save the Deming company more than 50 percent on its lighting bill. A
$48,000 grant from the U.S. Department of Agriculture's Rural Energy for America
made the upgrade possible in late 2011.

Lighting is critical at the company's high-ceiling plant, where electrical
components and wiring harness assemblies for buses are manufactured. CCI
replaced the plant's 630 fluorescent tube lights and fixtures with 48 T-8 Hi-Bay
lights. In doing so, it removed and safely disposed of old ballasts containing
liquid polychlorinated biphenyls; these highly toxic materials haven't been
produced in the United States since 1979 due to their classification as
persistent organic pollutants.

CCI, a 33-year-old, privately owned company based in California, acquired the
property from Sparton Electronic in 2007 and retained more than a dozen Sparton
employees. CCI upgraded the plant and equipment to accommodate production of
electrical components used in the transportation, semiconductor, solar-power and
medical industries. The company employs more than 70 people in New Mexico and
plans to continue investing in equipment and training to support new
technologies at the Deming site.

The USDA Rural Development agency approved CCI's application for a REAP grant in
part because the upgrades improved energy efficiency and because Deming   like
most of New Mexico   has a population of fewer than 50,000 people. Through REAP,
USDA's Rural Development agency grants up to 25 percent of the cost of
installing an alternative energy system at a small rural business, ranch or farm
that meets this population benchmark.

Grants are limited to $500,000 for renewable energy systems and $250,000 for
energy efficiency improvements. The program also guarantees loans for up to 75
percent of the total project cost, up to $25 million.

The federal program is designed to assist rural enterprises whose owners can
demonstrate financial need. All agricultural producers who generate 50 percent
or more of their gross income from agricultural operations are eligible to
apply. The project must be technically feasible and must be on property the
applicant owns.

Most rural projects that cut energy use and save money for the agricultural
producer or small business are considered energy efficiency projects, whether it
involves retrofitting lighting and insulation or updating inefficient and
outdated heaters or air conditioning units. Renewable energy projects can
produce any form of energy   heat, electricity or fuel   from wind, solar,
biomass, geothermal, hydropower or hydrogen-based sources.

Small rural business owners or agricultural producers can call any local USDA
Rural Development field office or the state office in Albuquerque (505-761-4953)
for more information about the program or to see if they qualify. Or they can
visit USDA Rural Development's website athttp://www.rurdev.usda.gov .

USDA Rural Development's mission is to increase economic opportunity and improve
the quality of life for people living in rural areas. The agency promotes
homeownership, finances business development and supports the creation of
critical technology and other infrastructure.

Finance New Mexico is a public service initiative to assist individuals and
businesses with obtaining skills and funding resources for their business or
idea. To learn more, go towww.FinanceNewMexico.org .

LOAD-DATE: June 1, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


        Copyright 2012 Las Cruces Sun-News, a MediaNews Group Newspaper
                              All Rights Reserved


                             428 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       The Dickinson Press (North Dakota)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                          September 30, 2015 Wednesday

SDA provides funding to southwest N.D. businesses

BYLINE: The Dickinson Press, N.D.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 281 words


Sept. 30--News Dickinson,North Dakota 58602
http://www.thedickinsonpress.com/sites/all/themes/thedickinsonpress_theme/images
/social_default_image.png

The Press Staff

The Dickinson Press

(701) 225-4205 customer support http://www.thedickinsonpress.com

http://www.thedickinsonpress.com

SDA provides funding to southwest N.D. businesses

Dickinson North Dakota 1815 1st Street West 58602

BISMARCK -- Ryan Taylor, U.S. Department of Agriculture Rural Development state
director, on Tuesday announced more than $166,000 in grants to five southwest
North Dakota recipients among 12 grants totaling $638,000 across the state.

The grants help support the startup or expansion of rural small businesses. The
recipients include:

-- Adams County Development Corp.: $12,000 in funding to complete a feasibility
study to identify the potential of locating a hotel in Hettinger.

-- City of New England: a $94,000 grant to purchase refrigeration equipment to
be leased to the New England Community Store.

-- Center for Technology & Business, a $12,600 grant to be used to provide
training in modern business tools and solutions to boost the capabilities of
rural entrepreneurs and their workforce in Beach and the surrounding Golden
Valley County area.

-- Prairie West Development Foundation: a $23,375 grant to be used to purchase
refrigerated dairy coolers to be leased to the Beach grocery store.

-- Rural Economic Area Partnership Investment Board: a $25,000 grant for New
Town and Mandaree to add to a 2014 study for a Lake Sakakawea ferry system.

___ (c)2015 the Dickinson Press (Dickinson, N.D.) Visit the Dickinson Press
(Dickinson, N.D.) at www.thedickinsonpress.com Distributed by Tribune Content
Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: September 30, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20150930-QX-SDA-provides-funding-to-southwest-N-D-businesses
-0930-20150930

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: QX


                       Copyright 2015 The Dickinson Press


                             429 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           The Taos News (New Mexico)

                              May 8, 2008 Thursday

WESST CORP. BENEFITS FROM RURAL DEVELOPMENT GRANT

BYLINE: STAFF REPORT

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. B-9

LENGTH: 161 words


A U.S. Department of Agriculture Rural Development (USDA) grant has been awarded
to the Women's Self-Sufficiency Team (WESST) Corp. to held rural nonprofit
organizations continue to help sustain small business development.

U.S. Sen. Pete Domenici (R-NM) announced May 2 that the $234,643 federal grant
will be used by the organization to provide technical assistance and training
for jobs in rural New Mexico and the Navajo Nation.

"I've long admired the services offered by WESST Corp. and this grant will be
used to spread that expertise to rural, and often impoverished, areas of our
state," Domenici said.

WESST Corp. has its field offices in Gallup, Las Cruces, Río Rancho, Roswell and
Santa Fe.

According to the USDA, more than 20 low-income, rural communities, including the
Navajo Nation will benefit from the grant awarded to WESST Corp.

For more information, visit the WESST Corp. Web site at www.wesst.org/index.php
or the USDA Web site at www.rurdev.usda.gov.

LOAD-DATE: January 13, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2008 The Taos News
                              All Rights Reserved


                             430 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Cape Times (South Africa)

                             March 13, 2017 Monday
                                   E1 Edition

Social grants the only source of income for the poor ECONOMIC DILEMMA

SECTION: BUSINESS REPORT; Pg. 14

LENGTH: 508 words


IN SOUTH Africa while big businesses are the engines of economic growth making
the country the largest economy in Africa, its rural towns' economy is not as
prosperous.

This is mainly due to the fact that markets in rural towns are dominated by poor
households who mostly depend on a combination of subsistence agriculture, social
grants and remittances from family members working in the cities. For many rural
families, social grants constitute the only source of income, and act as an
immediate buffer against poverty and malnutrition.

Unfortunately, the current chaos facing the South Africa social grant system is
posing a major threat to the rural economy.

The chaos is as a result of the Department of Social Development and the South
African Social Security Agency's (Sassa's) failure to put systems in place to
ensure that social grants beneficiaries receive their payments on time.

What is more concerning about this issues is that both the department and the
agency were fully aware of this potential chaos last year already when they
failed to secure a credible alternative arrangement with any key players to
guarantee a smooth handover at the end of March, when the contract with Cash
Paymaster Services ends.

The social grant system supports about 17â[#x20ac]¯million people of which most
of them live in rural areas. Any disruption in the payment system will have
serious implications on them and will most likely lead to precarious social
unrest.

Social grants play an important role towards mitigating the spread of poverty in
the country's rural communities. Most importantly, social grants facilitate the
creation of markets for rural businesses. It creates opportunities for small
retailers in small rural towns and townships to prosper and to some extent to
create rural employment. Social grants beneficiaries spend billions of rands per
annum on groceries and clothing and they represent almost 40â[#x20ac]¯percent of
consumer spending in South Africa. This is what has attracted retailers like
Boxer stores and Shoprite's Usave stores to these areas.

From an agricultural perspective, social grants facilitate a rapidly growing
trend of smallholder farmer's markets. Some of these farmers during the social
grants payment days pitch up their stands close to where payment usually takes
place and decorate them with a variety of produce, while others drive around on
their bakkies full of fresh fruits and vegetables.

This is what makes rural economy thrive, and social grants play a crucial role
in this regard. Any delay in paying out social grants will certain regress rural
economy and will potentially lead to undesirable chaos.

In light this and in the fear of what could happen in the event were social
grants are not paid out, the Minister of Social Development and the president
himself are both on record, promising South Africans, particularly social grants
beneficiaries, that there will be no hurdle come April 1, when social grants
must be paid out. One hopes that will indeed be so.

Hamlet Hlomendlini is a senior economist at Agri SA.

LOAD-DATE: March 14, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: CT


                Copyright 2017 Independent Newspapers Pty (Ltd)
                              All Rights Reserved


                             431 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           The Mercury (South Africa)

                             March 13, 2017 Monday
                                   E1 Edition

Social grants the only source of income for the poor ECONOMIC DILEMMA

SECTION: BUSINESS REPORT; Pg. 14

LENGTH: 508 words


IN SOUTH Africa while big businesses are the engines of economic growth making
the country the largest economy in Africa, its rural towns' economy is not as
prosperous.

This is mainly due to the fact that markets in rural towns are dominated by poor
households who mostly depend on a combination of subsistence agriculture, social
grants and remittances from family members working in the cities. For many rural
families, social grants constitute the only source of income, and act as an
immediate buffer against poverty and malnutrition.

Unfortunately, the current chaos facing the South Africa social grant system is
posing a major threat to the rural economy.

The chaos is as a result of the Department of Social Development and the South
African Social Security Agency's (Sassa's) failure to put systems in place to
ensure that social grants beneficiaries receive their payments on time.

What is more concerning about this issues is that both the department and the
agency were fully aware of this potential chaos last year already when they
failed to secure a credible alternative arrangement with any key players to
guarantee a smooth handover at the end of March, when the contract with Cash
Paymaster Services ends.

The social grant system supports about 17â[#x20ac]¯million people of which most
of them live in rural areas. Any disruption in the payment system will have
serious implications on them and will most likely lead to precarious social
unrest.

Social grants play an important role towards mitigating the spread of poverty in
the country's rural communities. Most importantly, social grants facilitate the
creation of markets for rural businesses. It creates opportunities for small
retailers in small rural towns and townships to prosper and to some extent to
create rural employment. Social grants beneficiaries spend billions of rands per
annum on groceries and clothing and they represent almost 40â[#x20ac]¯percent of
consumer spending in South Africa. This is what has attracted retailers like
Boxer stores and Shoprite's Usave stores to these areas.

From an agricultural perspective, social grants facilitate a rapidly growing
trend of smallholder farmer's markets. Some of these farmers during the social
grants payment days pitch up their stands close to where payment usually takes
place and decorate them with a variety of produce, while others drive around on
their bakkies full of fresh fruits and vegetables.

This is what makes rural economy thrive, and social grants play a crucial role
in this regard. Any delay in paying out social grants will certain regress rural
economy and will potentially lead to undesirable chaos.

In light this and in the fear of what could happen in the event were social
grants are not paid out, the Minister of Social Development and the president
himself are both on record, promising South Africans, particularly social grants
beneficiaries, that there will be no hurdle come April 1, when social grants
must be paid out. One hopes that will indeed be so.

Hamlet Hlomendlini is a senior economist at Agri SA.

LOAD-DATE: March 14, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: NM


                Copyright 2017 Independent Newspapers Pty (Ltd)
                              All Rights Reserved


                             432 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          Pretoria News (South Africa)

                             March 13, 2017 Monday
                                   E1 Edition

Social grants the only source of income for the poor ECONOMIC DILEMMA

SECTION: BUSINESS REPORT; Pg. 14

LENGTH: 508 words


IN SOUTH Africa while big businesses are the engines of economic growth making
the country the largest economy in Africa, its rural towns' economy is not as
prosperous.

This is mainly due to the fact that markets in rural towns are dominated by poor
households who mostly depend on a combination of subsistence agriculture, social
grants and remittances from family members working in the cities. For many rural
families, social grants constitute the only source of income, and act as an
immediate buffer against poverty and malnutrition.

Unfortunately, the current chaos facing the South Africa social grant system is
posing a major threat to the rural economy.

The chaos is as a result of the Department of Social Development and the South
African Social Security Agency's (Sassa's) failure to put systems in place to
ensure that social grants beneficiaries receive their payments on time.

What is more concerning about this issues is that both the department and the
agency were fully aware of this potential chaos last year already when they
failed to secure a credible alternative arrangement with any key players to
guarantee a smooth handover at the end of March, when the contract with Cash
Paymaster Services ends.

The social grant system supports about 17â[#x20ac]¯million people of which most
of them live in rural areas. Any disruption in the payment system will have
serious implications on them and will most likely lead to precarious social
unrest.

Social grants play an important role towards mitigating the spread of poverty in
the country's rural communities. Most importantly, social grants facilitate the
creation of markets for rural businesses. It creates opportunities for small
retailers in small rural towns and townships to prosper and to some extent to
create rural employment. Social grants beneficiaries spend billions of rands per
annum on groceries and clothing and they represent almost 40â[#x20ac]¯percent of
consumer spending in South Africa. This is what has attracted retailers like
Boxer stores and Shoprite's Usave stores to these areas.

From an agricultural perspective, social grants facilitate a rapidly growing
trend of smallholder farmer's markets. Some of these farmers during the social
grants payment days pitch up their stands close to where payment usually takes
place and decorate them with a variety of produce, while others drive around on
their bakkies full of fresh fruits and vegetables.

This is what makes rural economy thrive, and social grants play a crucial role
in this regard. Any delay in paying out social grants will certain regress rural
economy and will potentially lead to undesirable chaos.

In light this and in the fear of what could happen in the event were social
grants are not paid out, the Minister of Social Development and the president
himself are both on record, promising South Africans, particularly social grants
beneficiaries, that there will be no hurdle come April 1, when social grants
must be paid out. One hopes that will indeed be so.

Hamlet Hlomendlini is a senior economist at Agri SA.

LOAD-DATE: March 14, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: PN


                Copyright 2017 Independent Newspapers Pty (Ltd)
                              All Rights Reserved


                             433 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            The Star (South Africa)

                             March 13, 2017 Monday
                                   E1 Edition

Social grants the only source of income for the poor ECONOMIC DILEMMA

SECTION: BUSINESS REPORT; Pg. 16

LENGTH: 508 words


IN SOUTH Africa while big businesses are the engines of economic growth making
the country the largest economy in Africa, its rural towns' economy is not as
prosperous.

This is mainly due to the fact that markets in rural towns are dominated by poor
households who mostly depend on a combination of subsistence agriculture, social
grants and remittances from family members working in the cities. For many rural
families, social grants constitute the only source of income, and act as an
immediate buffer against poverty and malnutrition.

Unfortunately, the current chaos facing the South Africa social grant system is
posing a major threat to the rural economy.

The chaos is as a result of the Department of Social Development and the South
African Social Security Agency's (Sassa's) failure to put systems in place to
ensure that social grants beneficiaries receive their payments on time.

What is more concerning about this issues is that both the department and the
agency were fully aware of this potential chaos last year already when they
failed to secure a credible alternative arrangement with any key players to
guarantee a smooth handover at the end of March, when the contract with Cash
Paymaster Services ends.

The social grant system supports about 17â[#x20ac]¯million people of which most
of them live in rural areas. Any disruption in the payment system will have
serious implications on them and will most likely lead to precarious social
unrest.

Social grants play an important role towards mitigating the spread of poverty in
the country's rural communities. Most importantly, social grants facilitate the
creation of markets for rural businesses. It creates opportunities for small
retailers in small rural towns and townships to prosper and to some extent to
create rural employment. Social grants beneficiaries spend billions of rands per
annum on groceries and clothing and they represent almost 40â[#x20ac]¯percent of
consumer spending in South Africa. This is what has attracted retailers like
Boxer stores and Shoprite's Usave stores to these areas.

From an agricultural perspective, social grants facilitate a rapidly growing
trend of smallholder farmer's markets. Some of these farmers during the social
grants payment days pitch up their stands close to where payment usually takes
place and decorate them with a variety of produce, while others drive around on
their bakkies full of fresh fruits and vegetables.

This is what makes rural economy thrive, and social grants play a crucial role
in this regard. Any delay in paying out social grants will certain regress rural
economy and will potentially lead to undesirable chaos.

In light this and in the fear of what could happen in the event were social
grants are not paid out, the Minister of Social Development and the president
himself are both on record, promising South Africans, particularly social grants
beneficiaries, that there will be no hurdle come April 1, when social grants
must be paid out. One hopes that will indeed be so.

Hamlet Hlomendlini is a senior economist at Agri SA.

LOAD-DATE: March 14, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: SW


                Copyright 2017 Independent Newspapers Pty (Ltd)
                              All Rights Reserved


                             434 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                             The Salt Lake Tribune

                          September 22, 2011 Thursday

Utah producers, rural areas awarded federal funds

BYLINE: The Salt Lake Tribune

SECTION: BUSINESS

LENGTH: 220 words


Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack has announced that funding is being provided
to producers and development organizations to promote job creation and to
implement renewable energy in their operations.

Among the awards is a $299,900 Rural Business Enterprise Grant in Blanding to
purchase buildings, which will provide job-training space to train disadvantaged
residents and for business development.

In all, 69 awards totaling more than $14.7 million were announced to promote
economic-development efforts in 39 states.

In addition, $27 million was provided in grants and loan guarantees through the
Rural Energy for America Program to help farmers, ranchers and rural small
businesses purchase and install renewable energy systems.

In Utah, funds will be used to finance the Feasibility Study for the development
of a potential Geothermal Power Plant located near Sulphurdale, and BMB
Enterprises received grants and loans to provide hydro-electric power the Six
Mile Creek area in Sanpete County. K Bar Ranch also received a $160,410 grant to
construct 18 miles of a power transmission-line extension for an energy
efficiency improvement project, which would convert diesel generators to
electrical generators 3 miles south of Green River to the Ruby Ranch area. Alt
Heads:

Utah producers, rural areas awarded federal funds

LOAD-DATE: September 22, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2011 The Salt Lake Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved


                             435 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     Deseret Morning News (Salt Lake City)

                             April 8, 2010 Thursday

Grants available for business and economic development in rural areas

LENGTH: 171 words


WASHINGTON ? The U.S. Department of Agriculture is accepting applications for
business and community development grants to help rural communities create
wealth, attract residents and become economically self-sustaining.  The grants
are for rural cities with 50,000 or fewer residents. They can be used for
economic planning, technical assistance and training. Applicants must represent
public bodies, nonprofits, Indian Tribes or cooperatives with members who are
primarily rural residents. Priority will be given to applicants who best
demonstrate strong regional or multi-jurisdictional collaboration, leadership
capacity and represent diverse communities. Applicants must have significant
expertise in the activities proposed and the financial strength to ensure
objectives of the proposed grant can be accomplished. There is $2.48 million
available. Applications are due June 28.  More information on how to apply for
the grant, called the USDA Rural Business Opportunity Grant, is at
www.rurdev.usda.gov/rbs/coops/rbog.htm.

LOAD-DATE: April 8, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2010 The Deseret News Publishing Co.


                             436 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                             The Original Irregular

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                 August 5, 2009

Northern Forest Canoe Trail, Madison get grants

BYLINE: The Original Irregular staff

LENGTH: 308  words


WASHINGTON -- Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack recently announced the selection
of 145 recipients for more than $15.3 million in grants to start or expand
businesses in rural communities.

In addition to the $15.3 million that USDA Rural Development is providing for
the 145 projects announced, recipients have raised $16 million from other
sources.

In Maine, three organizations will receive a total of $378,000 to promote
economic and community development.

Northern Forest Canoe Trail Inc. has been selected to receive $75,000 to provide
technical assistance to rural small businesses in promoting tourism, recreation
and heritage attractions m the Maine counties of Franklin, Somerset and
Piscataquis. This project is part of the Northern Forest Canoe Trail's Rural
Destination Tourism Initiative, which seeks to promote and foster economic
development through promoting nature-based tourism in New York, Vermont, New
Hampshire, Maine, and Quebec.

The Town of Madison has been selected to receive $50,000 to enhance its
revolving loan fund for small rural businesses, creating economic opportunities
in the area.

The Town of Greenville has been selected to receive $253,000 to construct a
building that will house its Natural Resource Education as well as serve as a
Visitor's Center for the Moosehead Lake Region Chamber of Commerce.

Acting State Director Valarie C. Flanders said. "These-investments represent
significant opportunities for Maine's rural small businesses, encourage tourism,
and support economic and community development in our state."

USDA Rural Development's mission is to increase economic opportunity and improve
the quality of life for rural residents. Further information on rural programs
is available at a local USDA Rural Development office or by visiting USDA Rural
Development's web site at http://www.rurdev.usda.gov/me.

LOAD-DATE: November 15, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Community

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: ORI

                      Copyright 2009 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                     Copyright 2009 The Original Irregular


                             437 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Bangor Daily News (Maine)

                          September 5, 2007 Wednesday
                                 State Edition

Presque Isle, Fort Kent groups receive grants

BYLINE: JEN LYNDS OF THE NEWS STAFF

SECTION: Pg. B2

LENGTH: 642 words

DATELINE: PRESQUE ISLE


Approximately four months before Christmas, several municipalities and
organizations in Aroostook County have received an early present - grants and
loans from the U.S. Department of Agriculture's Rural Development agency in the
amount of $25 million.

Officials from the USDA are spending two days in The County handing out the
grants in central Aroostook and the St. John Valley. Officials started Tuesday
in Presque Isle and later traveled to locations in Fort Kent.

Staff from USDA Rural Development joined city officials, representatives from
the state's congressional delegation and those from the Presque Isle Sewer
District to accept the funding.

Michael Aube, state director for USDA Rural Development, was on hand in Presque
Isle and Fort Kent to disburse the money.

The city of Presque Isle received a Water and Waste Disposal Loan of more than
$6.3 million, and the Presque Isle Sewer District received more than $4.9
million in a combination of Water and Waste Disposal loans and grants.

The Presque Isle Sewer District will use the money to relocate the wastewater
outfall pipe from the Presque Isle Stream to the Aroostook River.

The district is under a compliance order from the Maine Department of
Environmental Protection to improve the water quality of the stream.

The city of Presque Isle's award will help municipal officials complete projects
at its landfill. Officials will close two landfill cells and create two new
cells, as well as install a methane gas extraction system.

Aube said during the presentation that such loans and grants are vital to
helping towns and cities throughout the state make necessary improvements and
upgrades. He said that making such upgrades was necessary to keep the state's
economy growing.

Later that day, officials from the USDA presented a $98,000 Rural Business
Enterprise Grant to the town of Fort Kent. The money will help purchase
maintenance equipment upgrades and spectator equipment for the 10th Mountain
Center in Fort Kent as it prepares for the 2009 International Biathlon Union
World Cup.

Earlier this year, Northern Maine Medical Center in Fort Kent used a $1.2
million Community Facilities Guaranteed Loan to construct a 7,500-square-foot
medical office building. The facility, which opened in February, is across the
street from the hospital and houses physician's offices and health care clinics.

The University of Maine at Fort Kent also will benefit from a $49,837 Rural
Business Opportunity Grant. Terence Kelly, UMFK's director of university
relations and alumni affairs, said Tuesday that the funding will be used to
establish a Creative Economy Business Plan for the St. John Valley.

The business plan concept is a direct development of an earlier St. John Valley
forum on the creative economy. At the forum, regional leaders proposed that the
Valley capitalize on its strongest, renewable and built-in resources - its
artistic traditions, cultural heritage and landscape.

The Margaret Chase Smith Policy Center at the University of Maine will provide
technical assistance and planning for the project, Kelly added.

UMFK and the University of Maine in Orono will work together on
student-conducted visitor surveys at four major ethnic and cultural festivals
held in the St. John Valley each year. The two campuses also will partner to
develop enhanced curriculums, programs and outreach mechanisms, in concert with
establishing the Center for Rural Sustainable Development on the UMFK campus.
The center will serve as a valley-wide resource for student innovation and rural
entrepreneurship.

"We're very happy to receive this money," Kelly said Tuesday.

Staff from USDA Rural Development will cap off their trip to The County today by
presenting grants and loans to Northern Maine Development Commission and
Northern Maine Finance Corp. in Caribou and Tri-Community Landfill in Fort
Fairfield.

LOAD-DATE: September 5, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2007 Bangor Daily News


                             438 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                        Mineral County Independent-News

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                 July 23, 2009

USDA Rural Development Application Deadline Draws Near for the Rural Energy for
America Program

BYLINE: Mineral County Independent-News staff

LENGTH: 436  words


Carson City, July 13, 2009 -- Acting State Director Kay Vernatter today
announced the deadline for submitting applications for the Rural Energy for
America Program is July 31, 2009.

USDA Rural Development is accepting applications for loans and grants under the
Rural Energy for America Program (REAP) to help agricultural producers and rural
small businesses purchase renewable energy systems and to make energy efficiency
improvements.

The funding is provided under the Rural Energy for America Program (REAP)
authorized through Section 9007 of the 2008 Farm Bill. Guaranteed loans of up to
$25 million are available, as well as grants up to $500,000 for renewable energy
systems and up to $250,000 for energy efficiency improvements. Loans and grants
are not available for residential uses under this notice. Grants are also
available up to $50,000 (or 25 percent of project costs, whichever is less) for
feasibility studies to install and replicate renewable energy systems.

A wide range of projects may be funded under the REAP program such as wind,
solar, biomass, methane digestion, geothermal, hydrogen, and hydropower
renewable projects, as well as energy saving projects such as irrigation and
motor upgrades, grain dryer system replacements HVAC, lighting, windows/doors,
and insulation projects.

No renewable energy system or energy efficiency improvement, or portion thereof,
may be used for any residential purpose.

In fiscal year 2008 Nevada received funding for a renewable energy project which
involved the installation of a 9.9 KW solar photovoltaic system at the Comstock
Seed harvesting and processing facility in Gardnerville Nevada. When fully
operational it is estimated the new system will save this rural small business
89 percent of their annual kWh consumption.

The deadline for application submittal is 4:30 p.m. local time on Friday July
31, 2009. Rural small businesses are encouraged to submit their applications to:
Herb Shedd, Rural Energy Coordinator, 1390 S. Curry St., Carson City NV 89703,
or he can be reached at (775)887-1222 Ext 19.

More information is available by visiting the Web site:
www.rurdev.usda.gov/rbs/busp/9006grant.htm.

USDA Rural Development's mission is to increase economic opportunity and improve
the quality of life for rural residents. Rural Development fosters growth in
homeownership, finances business development and supports the creation of
critical community and technology infrastructure.

Further information on rural programs is available at a local USDA Rural
Development office or by visiting USDA Rural Development's web site at
http://www.rurdev.usda.gov.

LOAD-DATE: November 15, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Local Government

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: MCI

                      Copyright 2009 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                 Copyright 2009 Mineral County Independent-News


                             439 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            July 31, 2013 Wednesday

Utah: Agriculture Secretary Announces Funding to Support Small and Emerging
Rural Businesses

LENGTH: 815  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Department of Agriculture, The State of Utah has issued the following news
release:

Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack today announced that projects in 30 states and
the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico will be funded to support small and emerging
rural businesses. The U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA) remains focused on
carrying out its mission, despite a time of significant budget uncertainty.
Today's announcement is one part of the Department's efforts to strengthen the
rural economy. Rural Business-Cooperative Service Administrator Lillian Salerno
made the announcement on behalf of Secretary Vilsack during a visit to highlight
the activities of the Memphis Bioworks Foundation, Inc., regarding an ongoing
project that was previously announced.

"The Obama Administration has been working to create economic opportunities in
rural communities and bring well-paying jobs to the people who live there,"
Salerno said. "Strategic investments in rural businesses like the ones we are
highlighting today not only help to deliver more products and services to local
customers, they also contribute to rural revitalization and economic development
in the small towns where these businesses are located."

The funding was made available through the Rural Business Enterprise Grant
(RBEG) program, which promotes development of small and emerging businesses in
rural areas. RBEGs may also be used to help fund distance learning networks and
employment-related adult education programs. Eligible applicants for the program
include public bodies, nonprofit corporations and federally recognized Indian
Tribes. Since the beginning of the Obama Administration, the RBEG program has
helped create or save more than 73,000 rural jobs, provided over $170.9 million
in economic development assistance, improved manufacturing capability, and
expanded health care and educational facilities, and has either expanded or
helped establish almost 41,070 rural businesses and community projects.

Salerno visited the Memphis Bioworks Foundation to be briefed on progress of a
$45,000 grant that is being used to expand the "Soldier to Civilian" (S2C)
project. The S2C project was launched by the Crockett Policy Institute in rural
west Tennessee to help veterans returning home find employment, and meet the
need for qualified agriculture workers in the area. Memphis Bioworks has teamed
with the Institute on the S2C project, and the grant will enable the program to
be extended to 110 counties in the Delta areas of Arksansas, Mississippi and
Tennessee.

Today's announcement includes a complete listing of the 131 recipients receiving
more than $6.5 million in USDA funding. The funding is contingent upon the
recipients meeting the terms of the grant agreement.

The RBEG program finances a broad range of business projects. For example, last
year, USDA provided an RBEG to furnish a conference facility at the new terminal
for Kaolin Field Airport in Sandersville, Georgia.

According to Administrator Salerno, today's announcement is another reminder of
the importance of USDA programs for rural America. A comprehensive new Food,
Farm and Jobs Bill would further expand the rural economy - and she said that's
just one reason why Congress must get a comprehensive Food, Farm and Jobs Bill
done as soon as possible.

President Obama's plan for rural America has brought about historic investment
and resulted in stronger rural communities. Under the President's leadership,
these investments in housing, community facilities, businesses and
infrastructure have empowered rural America to continue leading the way -
strengthening America's economy, small towns and rural communities. USDA's
investments in rural communities support the rural way of life that stands as
the backbone of our American values. President Obama and Agriculture Secretary
Vilsack are committed to a smarter use of Federal resources to foster
sustainable economic prosperity and ensure the government is a strong partner
for businesses, entrepreneurs and working families in rural communities.

USDA, through its Rural Development mission area, has a portfolio of programs
designed to improve the economic stability of rural communities, businesses,
residents, farmers and ranchers and improve the quality of life in rural
America. USDA has made a concerted effort to deliver results for the American
people, even as the Department implements sequestration - the across-the-board
budget reductions mandated under terms of the Budget Control Act.

USDA has already undertaken historic efforts since 2009 to save more than $828
million in taxpayer funds through targeted, common-sense budget reductions.
These reductions have put USDA in a better position to carry out its mission,
while implementing sequester budget reductions in a fair manner that causes as
little disruption as possible.

For further information please visit: http://www.usda.gov/

LOAD-DATE: August 2, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             440 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                              North Devon Journal

                           November 5, 2015 Thursday

Up to £140k of grants to attract more tourism

SECTION: AGENCY:OTHER; Pg. 50

LENGTH: 424  words


THE Department for Environment, Food and Rural Affairs has introduced a funding
scheme through the European Agricultural Fund for Rural Development, offering
grants starting at £35,000.

Grants are available for projects that support the development of visitor
attractions, tourist information and small-scale tourism infrastructure in the
Heart of the South West Local Enterprise Partnership area, which includes Devon.

The deadline is January 6, 2016, so businesses need to submit their applications
fast.

Applications are invited from rural businesses, communities, farmers and
landowners in rural areas to develop new and existing visitor attractions.

The aim is to attract more visitors to stay in the HotSW LEP area for longer and
spend more money in the local economy. Applicants must demonstrate how their
project will improve the range and quality of the tourism offer in rural areas
and create new, year-round jobs.

The call encourages applications that don't displace activities provided by
existing attractions, but do demonstrate sustainable growth, provide evidence of
demand for the project or have a plan to create the demand, and support the aims
of The South West Tourism Alliance Principles for Success destination plans and
wider South West initiatives for the area.

Projects will be given priority that create new, year-round jobs, create
economic benefits to a number of businesses, increase the number of overnight
stays in rural areas and attract more visitors, particularly outside the normal
tourist season.

The scheme will not support tourist accommodation projects, projects that only
deliver benefits to a single business or projects that update an existing
product without any expected growth or without any forecast growth in visitor
numbers.

Grants can be used to develop visitor attractions that connect visitors with the
natural environment and places of interest, such as paths, trails, long distance
routes and cycle ways; develop new sustainable events and festivals that attract
overnight as well as day visitors and promote local food and drink, trails and
rural crafts; support the development of innovative new rural tourism products
and services; or extend the visitor season.

Grants from £35,000 to £140,000 are available with varying levels of match
funding required, ranging from 40% grants requiring 60% match funding to 100%
grants for projects without income.

For details visit gov.  uk/european-structural-invest  ment-funds and scroll to
Tourism: call in Heart of the South West LEP area (16RD15TO0001).

LOAD-DATE: November 4, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                           Copyright 2015 Localworld
                              All Rights Reserved


                             441 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                           Aberdeen Press and Journal

                               February 29, 2000

Varsity granted GBP 1.5m for research

BYLINE: By

SECTION: News:Education:Colleges/Univs, Pg.6

LENGTH: 143 words


ABERDEEN University has won grants of GBP 1.5million to carry out European-wide
research projects.

They were awarded to the university's Arkleton Centre for Rural Development and
Research, which examines issues concerning rural change and development.

The projects which were awarded grants were:

The Paybird Project, which will analyse the effects of policies on young people
aged 16 to 25 in rural areas of Europe.

The Rural Transfer Network, which will document experiences of what works in
sustainable rural development in northern countries.

The Dynamics of Rural Areas, which will devise practical strategies and
programmes in order to produce sustainable rural and regional development.

And IT-Scand, which is aimed at building co -operation between small enterprises
which are involved in the information and communication technologies.

LOAD-DATE: March 1, 2000

LANGUAGE: English

                   Copyright 2000 Aberdeen Press and Journal


                             442 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                 Farmers Weekly

                                  May 8, 2009

BYLINE: Paul Spackman

SECTION: BUSINESS

LENGTH: 346 words


DEFRA plans more support for rural diversification

Funding for farm diversification projects could get a welcome boost if DEFRA
proposals to increase the maximum grants available get the go-ahead.

The changes could mean that Regional Development Agencies will be allowed to
raise the funding limit on some Rural Development Programme for England grants
from 50% up to 100% funding. It is unclear which grants that will include, but
those that deliver wider rural benefits and "value for money" are likely to be
viewed favourably.

"I want to make it easier for rural businesses to benefit from rural development
funding in this economic downturn," DEFRA secretary Hilary Benn said.

"Many businesses are finding it hard to get credit or finance from the private
sector in the current climate, so they need to be able to benefit fully from
help that is available from the government."

The EU Commission must nowapprove the changes, but it is hoped they will be
implemented as soon as possible. "Higher grant rates must be good and could well
swing the decision for some farmers. But the reality is that, for many,
short-term bank funding and the amount of red tape and bureaucracy involved in
getting grants are bigger issues that haven't gone away," Savills consultant
Ashley Lilley said.

Renewable energy projects were likely to be looked upon favourably by RDAs and
many planned projects needed a funding boost, he said. "Go back 12 months and
many projects probably stacked up quite well, but as the oil price has fallen,
the payback doesn't look quite as good and with a lot of the kit coming from
Europe, the exchange rate means people are paying up to 30% more."

Mr Lilley said any delay to the EU's approval of the grant changes could slow
down the number of diversification applications coming forward. "Why would
people apply for 40% grant now if they think that could increase to 80%, for
example? At the moment no one knows how long the process will take - it's in the
hands of Brussels."

Funding for renewable energy projects could get a boost if DEFRA's proposals are
adopted.

LOAD-DATE: May 7, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Magazine


                 Copyright 2009 Reed Business Information Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             443 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              The Bismarck Tribune

                            November 2, 2014 Sunday

4 groups get rural development grants

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 10C

LENGTH: 139 words


Four groups in the Dakotas are getting grants through the federal Agriculture
Department's Rural Cooperative Development Grant Program.

The program aims to help develop or expand rural businesses, especially co-ops
and mutually owned businesses.

In North Dakota, the Mandan-based Common Enterprise Development Corp. is getting
$200,000 to provide technical assistance to American Indian co-ops and
businesses in the Dakotas and Minnesota. The North Dakota Association of Rural
Electric Co-ops is getting the same amount to help co-ops and mutually owned
businesses in the state.

In South Dakota, the Value Added Agriculture Development Center in Pierre is
getting about $72,000 for the same purpose. The Sturgis-based West River
Foundation is getting $750,000 to provide for low-interest loans for community
development.

- Associated Press

LOAD-DATE: November 2, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


       Copyright 2014 The Bismarck Tribune, a division of Lee Enterprises
                              All Rights Reserved


                             444 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Lincoln Journal Star (Nebraska)

                           October 10, 2009 Saturday

Four Nebraska nonprofits awarded business grants;

BYLINE: LINCOLN JOURNAL STAR

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. A4

LENGTH: 349 words


The U.S. Department of Agriculture Rural Development announced Friday it has
awarded nearly $399,000 to four Nebraska nonprofits to support business
development and entrepreneurship.

The grant recipients are: Ho-Chunk Community Development Corp., Region V
Foundation, Center for Rural Affairs and Nebraska Venture Capital Forum, doing
business as Invest Nebraska Corp.

"These projects will generate the jobs so important in keeping rural communities
strong and viable," said Maxine Moul, state director of USDA Rural Development
in Nebraska.

The following are the grant amounts:

· $107,829 to Ho-Chunk Community Development Corp. for construction and project
oversight for a building expansion that will increase commercial space for four
businesses in Winnebago. The project is expected to create 12 new jobs within a
year for low-income individuals.

· $99,900 to Region V Foundation of Lincoln to purchase and install a new
cooker/mixer and cooling rack truck for the Kernal Krazy Popcorn factory in
Tecumseh. The funds also will renovate and add onto The Re-Vue, a consignment
business in York. The foundation owns and manages both businesses to provide
work and training to people with disabilities. The projects are expected to
create one job at The Revue and retain seven jobs at The Revue and eight jobs at
Kernal Krazy Popcorn.

· $99,000 to the Center for Rural Affairs in Lyons to expand a series of
teaching and networking events meant to encourage and support rural communities
in the growth of small business and micro-business. The events target female
entrepreneurs in Nebraska and youth entrepreneurship in Kansas. The project is
expected to create 10 jobs and assist five businesses.

· $92,000 to Nebraska Venture Capital Forum to conduct new venture competitions
in York, Red Willow, Nemaha and Saline counties. In these competitions,
entrepreneurs submit business plans to a panel of judges. The winner receives a
$25,000 cash investment and $10,000 worth of professional services, if the
business locates in the respective economic regions. The project is expected to
create 12-24 jobs.

LOAD-DATE: October 12, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2009 Lincoln Journal Star
                              All Rights Reserved


                             445 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        The Bemidji Pioneer (Minnesota)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            July 29, 2009 Wednesday

Stimulus funds to hire officers, help rural businesses

BYLINE: Brad Swenson, The Bemidji Pioneer, Minn.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 801 words


Jul. 29--Local tribal law enforcement agencies will benefit from federal
economic stimulus monies, White House officials said Tuesday.

Vice President Joe Biden and Attorney General Eric Holder announced $1 billion
in grants to fund the hiring and rehiring of law enforcement officers under the
American Recovery and Reinvestment Act.

The grants will be awarded to 1,046 law enforcement agencies in all 50 states,
including more than $11 million in grants to fund the hiring and rehiring of 53
officers in Minnesota.

The funds will provide 100 percent of the approved salary and benefits for the
officers for three years. All police departments receiving the grants will then
be required to retain the grant-funded positions for a fourth year.

The grants include funding for:

- Leech Lake Tribal Council, one officer at $172,442.

- Pike Bay Township, one officer at $131,205.

- Park Rapids Police Department, one officer at $179,326.

- Red Lake Band of Chippewa, one officer at $160,114.

- Mahnomen County, one officer at $163,906.

"A big part of the Recovery Act is about building communities -- making them as
strong as they can be, allowing every American family to live a better life than
the one they are leading now," said Biden. "And we can't achieve the goal of
stronger communities without supporting those who keep our streets safe."

The Recovery Act grants, which will be administered by the U.S. Department of
Justice Office of Community Oriented Policing Services through the federal
agency's COPS Hiring Recovery Program, provide financial support to state, local
and tribal governments, and will help the nation's law enforcement agencies add
and retain the manpower needed to fight crime more effectively through community
policing. The Department of Justice received more than 7,200 applications for
more than 39,000 officer positions, representing a total of $8.3 billion in
requested funding.

"I've always believed that the first responsibility of government is to protect
the safety of its citizens," U.S. Sen. Amy Klobuchar, DFL-Minn., who was
Hennepin County's chief prosecutor for eight years before her election to the
U.S. Senate, said in a statement. "This funding will help law enforcement to
prevent and reduce crime while providing jobs and much needed resources to local
municipalities facing budget shortfalls."

Klobuchar is a member of the Senate Judiciary Committee, which has oversight
responsibility for law enforcement issues.

Also Tuesday, U.S. Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack announced the selection of
145 recipients for more than $15.3 million in grants to start or expand
businesses in rural communities. Also through Recovery Act funding, businesses
will be able to access critical capital that will help with start-up and working
capital loans, building and plant renovations, transportation improvement,
project planning and other business needs.

In addition to the $15.3 million that USDA Rural Development is providing for
the 145 projects, recipients have raised $16 million from other sources, Vilsack
said.

For example, the Minnesota Chippewa Tribe in Cass Lake will receive an $83,149
grant to help the Minnesota Chippewa Tribe's Business Development Center provide
training for area businesses to expand, thereby creating new jobs and spurring
economic growth in the region, he said.

The funding also is expected to help lower chronically high unemployment and
poverty rates among American Indians who live in the region. Since 1980, the
Business Development Center has helped Indian-owned businesses grow, secure
financing, write business plans and conduct market feasibility studies.

Four American Indian-owned businesses already have been selected to use the
Rural Development funding to expand their operations, Vilsack said. Businesses
in the 12-county region that are not owned by American Indians also expect to
benefit from the jobs created by the tribe's Business Development Center.

"These Recovery Act grants represent the Obama administration's ongoing efforts
to ensure strategic investments and increased economic opportunities in rural
America," said Vilsack. "Small businesses play an important role in building
strong communities while providing vital products and services to local
residents. This funding will help spur economic development to strengthen
communities in dozens of states around the country."

bswenson@bemidjipioneer.com

To see more of The Bemidji Pioneer, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.bemidjipioneer.com. Copyright (c) 2009, The Bemidji Pioneer, Minn.
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: July 29, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20090729-JI-Stimulus-funds-to-hire-officers-help-rural-businesses-0729

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: JI


                                 Copyright 2009


                             446 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                          East Bernard Express (Texas)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                  June 9, 2011

USDA to highlight rural development

BYLINE: East Bernard Express staff

LENGTH: 335  words


USDA Rural Development representatives will hold a Rural Development Office Day
for Wharton County from 10 a.m. to 1 p.m. June 14 to present program information
and applications to the public.

The office day is at the Northside Center, 707 Fahrenthold in El Campo.
Information will be provided about USDA Rural Development Housing, Community and
Business and Cooperative loan and grant programs.

USDA Rural Development works to ensure rural residents can participate fully in
the global economy through technical assistance and programs that help rural
Americans build strong economies to improve their quality of life. Rural
Development loans and grants assist rural communities meet their basic needs by
building water and wastewater systems; financing decent, affordable housing;
supporting electric power and rural businesses, including cooperatives; and
supporting community development with information and technical assistance
including broadband initiatives. USDA Rural Development representatives will be
available during the office day to answer questions and assist individuals with
applications in all program areas.

USDA Rural Development Housing Programs offer loans and grants to families with
very low to moderate income levels in towns and cities meeting certain
population requirements.

Loans are primarily used to help income eligible individuals or households
purchase homes in rural areas. Funds can be used to build, repair and renovate a
home, or to purchase and prepare sites with water and sewage faculties.

For very low-income families who own homes in need of repair, the Home Repair
Loan and Grant Program offers funding for renovations. Funding has previously
been requested to repair a leaking roof, make a home wheelchair accessible,
repair damaged or faulty wiring and to install a waste disposal system.

For more information regarding USDA Rural Development programs, please contact
the Angleton Office at (979) 849-5251, ext. 4 or by visiting our website at
www.rurdev.usda.gov/tx/.

LOAD-DATE: April 22, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Local Government

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: EBX

                      Copyright 2011 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                      Copyright 2011 East Bernard Express


                             447 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           October 5, 2016 Wednesday

Agency Information Collection Activities; Proposals, Submissions, and Approvals

LENGTH: 669  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington, DC:  This Notice document was issued by the Rural Business
Cooperative Service (RBS)



  Action



 Proposed collection; comments requested.

 Summary



 In accordance with the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995, this notice announces
the Rural Business-Cooperative Service's intention to request an extension for a
currently approved information collection in support of the Rural Economic
Development Loan and Grant Program.



 Dates



 Comments on this notice must be received by December 5, 2016, to be assured of
consideration.

 For Further Information Contact



 Director, Specialty Programs Division, Rural Business-Cooperative Service, U.S.
Department of Agriculture, STOP 3226, 1400 Independence Avenue SW., Washington,
DC 20250-3226, Telephone (202) 720-1400.

 Supplementary Information



 Title: Rural Economic Development Loan and Grant Program.



 OMB Number: 0570-0035.



 Expiration Date of Approval: February 28, 2017.



 Type of Request: Extension of a currently approved information collection.



 Abstract: Under this program, loans and grants are provided to electric and
telecommunications utilities that have borrowed funds from the Agency. The
purpose of the program is to encourage these electric and telecommunications
utilities to promote rural economic development and job creation projects such
as business start-up costs, business expansion, community development, and
business incubator projects. The utilities must use program loan funds to make a
pass-through loan to an ultimate recipient such as a business. The utility is
responsible for fully repaying its loan to the Government, even if the ultimate
recipient does not repay its loan. The intermediary must use program grant
funds, along with its required contribution, to create a revolving loan fund
that the utility will operate and administer. Loans to the ultimate recipient
are made from the revolving loan fund for a variety of community development
projects. The information requested is necessary and vital in order for the
Agency to be able to make prudent and financial analysis decisions.



 Estimate of Burden: Public reporting burden for this collection of information
is estimated to average 2 hours per response.



 Respondents: Rural Utilities Service Electric and Telecommunications Borrowers.




 Estimated Number of Respondents: 120.



 Estimated Number of Responses per Respondent: 17.



 Estimated Number of Responses: 2,075.



 Estimated Total Annual Burden on Respondents: 4,728.



 Copies of this information collection can be obtained from Jeanne Jacobs,
Regulations and Paperwork Management Branch, Support Services Division at (202)
692-0040.



 Comments: Comments are invited on: (a) Whether the proposed collection of
information is necessary for the proper performance of the functions of USDA,
including whether the information will have practical utility; (b) the accuracy
of USDA's estimate of the burden of the proposed collection of information
including the validity of the methodology and assumptions used; (c) ways to
enhance the quality, utility and clarity of the information to be collected; and
(d) ways to minimize the burden of the collection of information on those who
are to respond, including through the use of appropriate automated, electronic,
mechanical, or other technological collection techniques or other forms of
information technology. Comments may be sent to Jeanne Jacobs, Regulations and
Paperwork Management Branch, Support Services Division, U.S. Department of
Agriculture, Rural Development, STOP 0742, 1400 Independence Avenue SW.,
Washington, DC 20250-0742. All responses to this notice will be summarized and
included in the request for OMB approval. All comments will also become a matter
of public record.

 Dated: September 28, 2016.

 Justin Hatmaker,

 Acting Administrator, Rural Business-Cooperative Service.

 [FR Doc. 2016-23914 Filed 10-3-16; 8:45 am]

 BILLING CODE 3410-XY-P



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 5, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             448 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Bangor Daily News (Maine)

                            January 25, 2016 Monday

Fort Kent farm gets storage upgrade funds

LENGTH: 392 words

DATELINE: CARIBOU


- G&S Farms of Fort Kent is one of seven Maine business to receive USDA Rural
Development grant funds through the Rural Energy for America Program (REAP).


USDA Rural Development State Director Virginia Manuel was in Caribou recently to
speak at the annual Maine Potato Conference. During her remarks, she announced
the grant funding for renewable energy and energy efficiency projects. The
grants total an investment of $66,190 in Maine's rural communities.


"I am pleased USDA Rural Development can help these seven Maine businesses, two
of which are in Aroostook County, to make investments in renewable energy and
energy efficient systems at their facilities," Manuel said. "These systems will
help the businesses to be sustainable now and in the future, retaining critical
jobs in Maine's rural communities."


G&S Farms has been selected to receive $2,743 to upgrade two existing potato
storage ventilation fans with new motors, adjustable frequency drives, and
control software to remove heat from the storage areas, promoting better product
quality.


Additionally, existing incandescent lighting will be replaced with new LED
fixtures. The proposed project is estimated to reduce energy usage by 15,319 kWh
annually or enough electricity to power one home.


Also in The County, Irving Farms, Inc. of Caribou was awarded $2,656, also to
upgrade storage ventilation fans. Irving's project is projected to save 14,082
kWh of energy annually, or enough electricity to power one home.


Other awardees include Bountiful Berry, Inc, doing business as Grandy Oats in
Hiram; Kremer Glass, LLC, of North Yarmouth; MDI Clean Energy Partners, L3C,
located in Bar Harbor; Mount Pleasant Dental Care, P.A., of Rockport; and Belcon
Inc. of Belfast.


USDA Rural Development is accepting applications for future REAP funding. For
application deadlines and details on how to apply, contact Brian Wilson at
990-9168 or at brian.wilson@me.usda.gov, or Cheryl Pelletier in Presque Isle at
764-4157 ext. 4 or cheryl.pelletier@me.usda.gov


The business' receipt of funds is contingent upon their meeting the terms of the
loan or grant agreement.


USDA Rural Development has area offices located in Presque Isle, Bangor,
Lewiston and Scarborough, as well as a state office in Bangor.


REAP has helped finance 10,753 renewable energy and energy efficiency projects
rural businesses nationwide.

LOAD-DATE: January 25, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2016 Bangor Daily News


                             449 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Bangor Daily News (Maine)

                            January 25, 2016 Monday

Fort Kent farm gets storage upgrade funds

LENGTH: 392 words

DATELINE: CARIBOU


- G&S Farms of Fort Kent is one of seven Maine business to receive USDA Rural
Development grant funds through the Rural Energy for America Program (REAP).


USDA Rural Development State Director Virginia Manuel was in Caribou recently to
speak at the annual Maine Potato Conference. During her remarks, she announced
the grant funding for renewable energy and energy efficiency projects. The
grants total an investment of $66,190 in Maine's rural communities.


"I am pleased USDA Rural Development can help these seven Maine businesses, two
of which are in Aroostook County, to make investments in renewable energy and
energy efficient systems at their facilities," Manuel said. "These systems will
help the businesses to be sustainable now and in the future, retaining critical
jobs in Maine's rural communities."


G&S Farms has been selected to receive $2,743 to upgrade two existing potato
storage ventilation fans with new motors, adjustable frequency drives, and
control software to remove heat from the storage areas, promoting better product
quality.


Additionally, existing incandescent lighting will be replaced with new LED
fixtures. The proposed project is estimated to reduce energy usage by 15,319 kWh
annually or enough electricity to power one home.


Also in The County, Irving Farms, Inc. of Caribou was awarded $2,656, also to
upgrade storage ventilation fans. Irving's project is projected to save 14,082
kWh of energy annually, or enough electricity to power one home.


Other awardees include Bountiful Berry, Inc, doing business as Grandy Oats in
Hiram; Kremer Glass, LLC, of North Yarmouth; MDI Clean Energy Partners, L3C,
located in Bar Harbor; Mount Pleasant Dental Care, P.A., of Rockport; and Belcon
Inc. of Belfast.


USDA Rural Development is accepting applications for future REAP funding. For
application deadlines and details on how to apply, contact Brian Wilson at
990-9168 or at brian.wilson@me.usda.gov, or Cheryl Pelletier in Presque Isle at
764-4157 ext. 4 or cheryl.pelletier@me.usda.gov


The business' receipt of funds is contingent upon their meeting the terms of the
loan or grant agreement.


USDA Rural Development has area offices located in Presque Isle, Bangor,
Lewiston and Scarborough, as well as a state office in Bangor.


REAP has helped finance 10,753 renewable energy and energy efficiency projects
rural businesses nationwide.

LOAD-DATE: January 27, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2016 Bangor Daily News


                             450 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Bangor Daily News (Maine)

                            January 25, 2016 Monday

Fort Kent farm gets storage upgrade funds

LENGTH: 392 words

DATELINE: CARIBOU


- G&S Farms of Fort Kent is one of seven Maine business to receive USDA Rural
Development grant funds through the Rural Energy for America Program (REAP).


USDA Rural Development State Director Virginia Manuel was in Caribou recently to
speak at the annual Maine Potato Conference. During her remarks, she announced
the grant funding for renewable energy and energy efficiency projects. The
grants total an investment of $66,190 in Maine's rural communities.


"I am pleased USDA Rural Development can help these seven Maine businesses, two
of which are in Aroostook County, to make investments in renewable energy and
energy efficient systems at their facilities," Manuel said. "These systems will
help the businesses to be sustainable now and in the future, retaining critical
jobs in Maine's rural communities."


G&S Farms has been selected to receive $2,743 to upgrade two existing potato
storage ventilation fans with new motors, adjustable frequency drives, and
control software to remove heat from the storage areas, promoting better product
quality.


Additionally, existing incandescent lighting will be replaced with new LED
fixtures. The proposed project is estimated to reduce energy usage by 15,319 kWh
annually or enough electricity to power one home.


Also in The County, Irving Farms, Inc. of Caribou was awarded $2,656, also to
upgrade storage ventilation fans. Irving's project is projected to save 14,082
kWh of energy annually, or enough electricity to power one home.


Other awardees include Bountiful Berry, Inc, doing business as Grandy Oats in
Hiram; Kremer Glass, LLC, of North Yarmouth; MDI Clean Energy Partners, L3C,
located in Bar Harbor; Mount Pleasant Dental Care, P.A., of Rockport; and Belcon
Inc. of Belfast.


USDA Rural Development is accepting applications for future REAP funding. For
application deadlines and details on how to apply, contact Brian Wilson at
990-9168 or at brian.wilson@me.usda.gov, or Cheryl Pelletier in Presque Isle at
764-4157 ext. 4 or cheryl.pelletier@me.usda.gov


The business' receipt of funds is contingent upon their meeting the terms of the
loan or grant agreement.


USDA Rural Development has area offices located in Presque Isle, Bangor,
Lewiston and Scarborough, as well as a state office in Bangor.


REAP has helped finance 10,753 renewable energy and energy efficiency projects
rural businesses nationwide.

LOAD-DATE: January 25, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2016 Bangor Daily News


                             451 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Bangor Daily News (Maine)

                            January 25, 2016 Monday

Fort Kent farm gets storage upgrade funds

LENGTH: 392 words

DATELINE: CARIBOU


- G&S Farms of Fort Kent is one of seven Maine business to receive USDA Rural
Development grant funds through the Rural Energy for America Program (REAP).


USDA Rural Development State Director Virginia Manuel was in Caribou recently to
speak at the annual Maine Potato Conference. During her remarks, she announced
the grant funding for renewable energy and energy efficiency projects. The
grants total an investment of $66,190 in Maine's rural communities.


"I am pleased USDA Rural Development can help these seven Maine businesses, two
of which are in Aroostook County, to make investments in renewable energy and
energy efficient systems at their facilities," Manuel said. "These systems will
help the businesses to be sustainable now and in the future, retaining critical
jobs in Maine's rural communities."


G&S Farms has been selected to receive $2,743 to upgrade two existing potato
storage ventilation fans with new motors, adjustable frequency drives, and
control software to remove heat from the storage areas, promoting better product
quality.


Additionally, existing incandescent lighting will be replaced with new LED
fixtures. The proposed project is estimated to reduce energy usage by 15,319 kWh
annually or enough electricity to power one home.


Also in The County, Irving Farms, Inc. of Caribou was awarded $2,656, also to
upgrade storage ventilation fans. Irving's project is projected to save 14,082
kWh of energy annually, or enough electricity to power one home.


Other awardees include Bountiful Berry, Inc, doing business as Grandy Oats in
Hiram; Kremer Glass, LLC, of North Yarmouth; MDI Clean Energy Partners, L3C,
located in Bar Harbor; Mount Pleasant Dental Care, P.A., of Rockport; and Belcon
Inc. of Belfast.


USDA Rural Development is accepting applications for future REAP funding. For
application deadlines and details on how to apply, contact Brian Wilson at
990-9168 or at brian.wilson@me.usda.gov, or Cheryl Pelletier in Presque Isle at
764-4157 ext. 4 or cheryl.pelletier@me.usda.gov


The business' receipt of funds is contingent upon their meeting the terms of the
loan or grant agreement.


USDA Rural Development has area offices located in Presque Isle, Bangor,
Lewiston and Scarborough, as well as a state office in Bangor.


REAP has helped finance 10,753 renewable energy and energy efficiency projects
rural businesses nationwide.

LOAD-DATE: January 27, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2016 Bangor Daily News


                             452 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           October 25, 2014 Saturday

Hoeven Announces $400,000 in Cooperative Development Grants to Upgrade
Technology in Rural Areas

LENGTH: 218  words

DATELINE: Washington


Office of the Senator John Hoeven, U.S Government has issued the following news
release:

Senator John Hoeven today announced that the U.S. Department of Agriculture
(USDA) has awarded $400,000 to develop or expand rural businesses, especially
cooperatives and mutually-owned businesses. Rural Cooperative Development Grant
Program funding can be used to conduct feasibility studies, create and implement
business plans, offer technical assistance, establish low-interest loans, and
help rural businesses develop new markets for their products and services.

"As North Dakota grows, we need to ensure that our rural areas have the tools
and resources necessary to grow as well," Hoeven said. "These grants will help
to create jobs and expand services to rural residents, businesses and tribe
members."

Mandan-based Common Enterprise Development Corporation (CEDC) will receive
$200,000 to provide technical assistance to cooperatives and businesses in
Native American tribes in North Dakota, South Dakota and Minnesota. The North
Dakota Association of Rural Electric Cooperatives will receive $200,000 to
provide technical assistance to cooperatives and mutually-owned businesses in
North Dakota.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 25, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             453 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            October 2, 2014 Thursday

Landrieu Announces $200K USDA Grant for Coastal Communities Consulting, Inc.

LENGTH: 371  words

DATELINE: Washington


Office of the Senator Mary L. Landrieu, U.S Government has issued the following
news release:

U.S. Senator Mary L. Landrieu, D-La., today announced a $200,000 rural
development grant to Coastal Communities Consulting, Inc. (CCC), a small
business located in Gretna, La. This specific rural development grant is awarded
through the U.S. Department of Agriculture's (USDA) Small,
Socially-Disadvantaged Producer Grant (SSDPG) program. Today's funding will
provide resources to legal assistance, business planning, and marketing plan
development to commercial fisherman in Southeast Louisiana.

In June, Sen. Landrieu wrote a letter to Secretary Vilsack at the USDA
expressing her support for CCC's mission to assist commercial fishermen and
their families. Read the letter online here.

Coastal Communities Consulting, Inc. (CCC) is a not-for-profit organization that
has served Southeast Louisiana's rural communities since 2010.  CCC assists over
1,200 commercial fishermen and other rural entrepreneurs from Jefferson,
Lafourche, Orleans, Plaquemines, St. Bernard, St. Tammany and Terrebonne
parishes in managing their businesses and training business owners in new areas
of employment. For more information on the programs provided by CCC, visit their
website.

"Coastal Communities Consulting provides assistance to commercial fisherman and
rural entrepreneurs who keep local communities thriving. Louisiana fishermen
produce one-third of the nation's seafood and support 1.3 million jobs," Sen.
Landrieu said. "Today's grant award to CCC further proves the positive benefits
that local non-profits can provide small businesses to ensure they succeed and
are able to support families who have dedicated their lives to the industry for
generations."

The primary objective of the SSDPG program is to provide technical assistance to
small, socially disadvantaged agricultural producers through eligible
cooperatives and cooperative development centers. These funds in particular will
be used to provide legal assistance, business planning, and marketing plan
development to socially disadvantaged commercial fishermen.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 3, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             454 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                             The Wilmot Enterprise

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                 August 6, 2009

Whetstone Valley Business Opportunities Among Recipients of Recovery Act Funds

BYLINE: The Wilmot Enterprise staff

LENGTH: 514  words


WASHINGTON, July 28, 2009 - Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack today announced
the selection of 145 recipients for more than $15.3 million in grants to start
or expand businesses in rural communities. Through Recovery Act funding,
businesses will be able to access to critical capital that will help with
start-up and working capital loans, building and plant renovations,
transportation improvements, project planning and other business needs.

"These Recovery Act grants represent the Obama administration's ongoing efforts
to ensure strategic investments and increase economic opportunities in rural
America," said Vilsack. "Small businesses play an important role in building
strong communities while providing vital products and services to local
residents. This funding will help spur important economic development and
strengthen communities in dozens of states around the country."

In addition to the $15.3 million that USDA Rural Development is providing for
the 145 projects announced today, recipients have raised $16 million from other
sources.

Among the six recipients in South Dakota is Whetstone Valley Business
Opportunities located in Corona. They have been selected to receive $18,288 to
provide technical assistance to small and emerging businesses in Day, Grant, and
Roberts Counties. They will assist businesses by preparing market and business
plans, training, asset mapping of resources, net-working, market research, and
private consultation to start, continue, or expand businesses. The project is
expected to create 32 jobs.

The funding announced today is being is being provided through USDA Rural
Development's Rural Business Enterprise Program (RBEG)
<http://www.rurdev.usda.gov/rbs/busp/rbeg.htm>, which helps finance new and
existing businesses as well as employment-related adult education programs. RBEG
funds can be used for start-up and working capital loans, building and plant
renovations, transportation improvements, project planning and other business
needs. Additional information on the RBEG program may be found at
http://www.rurdev.usda.gov/rbs/busp/rbeg.htm

Funding of individual recipients is contingent upon their meeting the terms of
the grant agreement. More information about USDA Rural Development can be found
at www.rurdev.usda.gov <http://www.rurdev.usda.gov/>.

President Obama signed The American Recovery and Reinvestment Act of 2009 into
law on Feb. 17, 2009. It is designed to jumpstart the nation's economy, create
or save millions of jobs and put a down payment on addressing long-neglected
challenges so our country can thrive in the 21st century. The Act includes
measures to modernize our nation's infrastructure, enhance energy independence,
expand educational opportunities, preserve and improve affordable health care,
provide tax relief, and protect those in greatest need.

More information about USDA's Recovery Act efforts is available at
www.usda.gov/recovery <http://www.usda.gov/recovery>. More information about the
Federal government's efforts on the Recovery Act is available at
www.recovery.gov <http://www.recovery.gov/>.

LOAD-DATE: November 15, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Agriculture

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: WIL

                      Copyright 2009 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                      Copyright 2009 The Wilmot Enterprise


                             455 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     The Pantagraph (Bloomington, Illinois)

                               May 1, 2005 Sunday

Broken promises cripple rural development hopes

BYLINE: ALAN GUEBERT

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. F3

LENGTH: 732 words


It happened again the other week at a local public forum on agriculture. The
panel of speakers included me, two farmers and an Illinois Farm Bureau
economist.

After the formal yakking concluded -- yakking that I, the keynoter, contributed
mightily to -- an audience member wondered if farmers might better be able to
leave the overproduction-federal subsidy treadmill if they marketed more "whole"
food directly to consumers.

"After all," he surmised, "almost everyone wants to buy more wholesome food for
themselves and their families."

Both farmers on the panel agreed immediately; each wanted more "farmer" presence
in the consumer market. One explained how he had invested some of his farm's
profits in a farmer-owned pork processing plant to do exactly that.

"But it's tough. It takes big bucks to challenge the big packers at their game,"
he correctly noted.

My reply to the question was twofold.

First, I joked, when two or more farmers gather anytime, the first thing they
want to do is pour concrete -- build something.

While that's understandable, given the almost blind love most farm groups have
with "supply chains, processing and added value," a producer's skill lies in
producing, not processing.

Moreover, I added, the rapid consolidation of ag processing and food retailing
has made the ADMs and Wal-Marts almost bulletproof to nearly every competitor.

For proof, simply count the shuttered buildings -- every one is a broken dream
-- of former small retailers and farmer-processors littering small-town America.

But, and secondly, Ben & Jerry made it. Cabot Creamery made it. In short, it can
be done. However, if it's to be done, I advised, farmers and ranchers need the
same advantages the big boys enjoy: federal help like tax breaks and credit
programs as well as marketing and management assistance.

All, however, are in short supply today for any hopeful farmer-food marketer.
Worse, if the 2006 budget offered by the White House in February becomes law,
that tiny puddle virtually dries up.

According to research compiled by the Center for Rural Affairs (CFRA) in
Walthill, Neb., 13 USDA rural development programs relied upon by farm and rural
enterprises will see their 2006 funding cut to the bone. Seven of the 13
programs will see their bones broken -- zeroed out entirely.

That means there is not one penny in the Bush budget for the Rural Strategic
Investment Program, a $100 million effort in fiscal year 2005. Also eliminated
(compared to 2005 appropriations) will be the $6.3 million Rural Community
Development Initiative Grants program, the nearly $40 million in Rural Business
Enterprise grants, $12.5 million in Rural Enterprise money and $3 million for
the Rural Business Opportunity grant program.

What's more, the lucky 2006 USDA Rural Development survivors in the Bush plan
will be on life support.

For example, the $74.2 million Rural Business Cooperative program will be cut 40
percent to $44.2 million. The Resource Conservation and Development Program will
take a 50 percent hit, down from $51.6 million to $25.6 million, and the $22
million Rural Economic Partnership Program will drop to $13.3 million.

According to CFRA's analysis, these cuts, when combined with previous cuts
imposed by the White House and Congress, mean rural development money contained
in the 2002 farm bill will have fallen from a promised $321 million annually to
just $129 million.

It also means that during the life of the current farm bill, $1.6 billion in
rural development money -- $1.6 billion "to address rural poverty, rural
business and job creation, rural community development, and rural depopulation,"
notes CFAR -- simply vanishes.

To where? Partly to fund the $970 billion inheritance tax break that only 2
percent of all Americans would ever pay and the $106 billion capital gains and
dividend tax breaks the House now proposes for millionaires.

It's shameful, short-sighted lunacy, I told the audience, and most is supported
by farm groups whose guiding rural development principle is little more than
complete capitulation to giant agribusiness, their partners in chaining eager,
idea-laden farmers and ranchers to the global status quo rather than tomorrow's
new markets.

The room went very quiet very quickly.

Alan Guebert is a syndicated columnist who writes weekly for The Pantagraph. He
lives in Delavan. His e-mail address is agcomm@sbcglobal.net

LOAD-DATE: May 6, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2005 The Pantagraph


                             456 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                             Western Gazette series

                                October 2, 2008

Grants will help to finance diversification;
Capital grants are now available to help fund farm and rural business
diversification, reports Mark Neason of Stags Rural Property Consultancy.

SECTION: Pg. 49

LENGTH: 260 words


The South West Rural Development Agency has approximately £24M of grant aid to
spend this year under the Rural Development Plan England.

Part of this money has been earmarked to support farmers who need to invest
capital into schemes, which will add value to the local economy.

One example that Mr Neason cites was the construction of a craft centre in place
of a range of derelict farm buildings.

Another was the establishment of a computerised clay pigeon shoot.

"The types of project that this scheme can potentially fund are endless," he
said and urged farmers who have ideas to come forward.

He continued: "If a grant application is to be successful it is important to
identity third parties who will also benefit from the scheme.

"These could be local accommodation providers, shops or the local population
through the provision of employment opportunities."

Scepticism about the ability of the Rural Development Plan England to deliver
usable grant aid for diversification projects has depressed the number of
applications for the current scheme.

However, The South West Rural Development Agency is under pressure to start
delivering grant aid, which is now more than two years overdue.

Mr Neason said: "This is likely to result in a slight relaxing of the assessment
criteria and will probably mean that early applications will have a greater
chance of success."

To date, approximately 160 expressions of interest have been submitted but very
few full applications made.

Farmers requiring  further advice can call Mark Neason at Stags' Exeter Office
01392 439046.

LOAD-DATE: June 11, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 250


                    Copyright 2008 Northcliffe Media Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             457 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                             Western Gazette series

                            October 2, 2008 Thursday

Grants will help to finance diversification;
Capital grants are now available to help fund farm and rural business
diversification, reports Mark Neason of Stags Rural Property Consultancy.

SECTION: Pg. 49

LENGTH: 260 words


The South West Rural Development Agency has approximately £24M of grant aid to
spend this year under the Rural Development Plan England.

Part of this money has been earmarked to support farmers who need to invest
capital into schemes, which will add value to the local economy.

One example that Mr Neason cites was the construction of a craft centre in place
of a range of derelict farm buildings.

Another was the establishment of a computerised clay pigeon shoot.

"The types of project that this scheme can potentially fund are endless," he
said and urged farmers who have ideas to come forward.

He continued: "If a grant application is to be successful it is important to
identity third parties who will also benefit from the scheme.

"These could be local accommodation providers, shops or the local population
through the provision of employment opportunities."

Scepticism about the ability of the Rural Development Plan England to deliver
usable grant aid for diversification projects has depressed the number of
applications for the current scheme.

However, The South West Rural Development Agency is under pressure to start
delivering grant aid, which is now more than two years overdue.

Mr Neason said: "This is likely to result in a slight relaxing of the assessment
criteria and will probably mean that early applications will have a greater
chance of success."

To date, approximately 160 expressions of interest have been submitted but very
few full applications made.

Farmers requiring  further advice can call Mark Neason at Stags' Exeter Office
01392 439046.

LOAD-DATE: November 21, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 250


                    Copyright 2008 Northcliffe Media Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             458 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                             Western Gazette series

                            October 2, 2008 Thursday

Grants will help to finance diversification;
Capital grants are now available to help fund farm and rural business
diversification, reports Mark Neason of Stags Rural Property Consultancy.

SECTION: Pg. 49

LENGTH: 260 words


The South West Rural Development Agency has approximately £24M of grant aid to
spend this year under the Rural Development Plan England.

Part of this money has been earmarked to support farmers who need to invest
capital into schemes, which will add value to the local economy.

One example that Mr Neason cites was the construction of a craft centre in place
of a range of derelict farm buildings.

Another was the establishment of a computerised clay pigeon shoot.

"The types of project that this scheme can potentially fund are endless," he
said and urged farmers who have ideas to come forward.

He continued: "If a grant application is to be successful it is important to
identity third parties who will also benefit from the scheme.

"These could be local accommodation providers, shops or the local population
through the provision of employment opportunities."

Scepticism about the ability of the Rural Development Plan England to deliver
usable grant aid for diversification projects has depressed the number of
applications for the current scheme.

However, The South West Rural Development Agency is under pressure to start
delivering grant aid, which is now more than two years overdue.

Mr Neason said: "This is likely to result in a slight relaxing of the assessment
criteria and will probably mean that early applications will have a greater
chance of success."

To date, approximately 160 expressions of interest have been submitted but very
few full applications made.

Farmers requiring  further advice can call Mark Neason at Stags' Exeter Office
01392 439046.

LOAD-DATE: October 17, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 250


                    Copyright 2008 Northcliffe Media Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             459 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                             Western Gazette series

                                October 2, 2008

Grants will help to finance diversification;
Capital grants are now available to help fund farm and rural business
diversification, reports Mark Neason of Stags Rural Property Consultancy.

SECTION: Pg. 49

LENGTH: 260 words


The South West Rural Development Agency has approximately £24M of grant aid to
spend this year under the Rural Development Plan England.

Part of this money has been earmarked to support farmers who need to invest
capital into schemes, which will add value to the local economy.

One example that Mr Neason cites was the construction of a craft centre in place
of a range of derelict farm buildings.

Another was the establishment of a computerised clay pigeon shoot.

"The types of project that this scheme can potentially fund are endless," he
said and urged farmers who have ideas to come forward.

He continued: "If a grant application is to be successful it is important to
identity third parties who will also benefit from the scheme.

"These could be local accommodation providers, shops or the local population
through the provision of employment opportunities."

Scepticism about the ability of the Rural Development Plan England to deliver
usable grant aid for diversification projects has depressed the number of
applications for the current scheme.

However, The South West Rural Development Agency is under pressure to start
delivering grant aid, which is now more than two years overdue.

Mr Neason said: "This is likely to result in a slight relaxing of the assessment
criteria and will probably mean that early applications will have a greater
chance of success."

To date, approximately 160 expressions of interest have been submitted but very
few full applications made.

Farmers requiring  further advice can call Mark Neason at Stags' Exeter Office
01392 439046.

LOAD-DATE: August 21, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 250


                    Copyright 2008 Northcliffe Media Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             460 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Bangor Daily News (Maine)

                           September 8, 2007 Saturday
                                  All Editions

MAGIC to get $50,000 federal grant

BYLINE: NICK SAMBIDES JR. OF THE NEWS STAFF

SECTION: Pg. B2

LENGTH: 509 words

DATELINE: MILLINOCKET


As the town moves closer to hiring its own economic development agent, the
agency that official will replace has received a $50,000 boost from the federal
government, officials said Friday.

The Millinocket Area Growth & Investment Council will receive $50,000 of
$172,827 in grants given to Maine organizations by the U.S. Department of
Agriculture Rural Development agency.

The University of Maine System, Shiretown Riders Snowmobile Club and Four
Directions Development Corp. will get the rest of the money.

"This investment represents a wide variety of benefits to rural communities in
our state, supporting economic and community development, arts and culture,
tourism and minority business development," state Rural Development Director
Michael W. Aube said in a statement.

The grants include:

.  $49,837 to the UMaine System to support creative economy business plan
development in the St. John Valley. This will assess the Valley's artists and
cultural entrepreneurs' business development readiness; improve market data
about visitors at Valley cultural events; and foster innovation and
entrepreneurship among UMaine students and Valley residents.

.  $49,990 to Four Directions Development Corp. to help create economic
opportunity for American Indians in rural communities. It includes
entrepreneurial training, mentoring, specialized sustainability assistance and
targeted loans to Indian micro- and small businesses in Maine.

.  $23,000 to Shiretown Riders Snowmobile Club to assist with buying a trail
groomer, supporting Maine's snowmobiling industry.

MAGIC's executive director, Town Councilor Bruce McLean, said MAGIC would use
the money to enhance and continue ongoing efforts. The organization will begin a
mentoring program aimed at pairing experienced business operators with fledgling
business owners; identify new forestry industry markets; and increase its
lunch-and-learn seminars for businesses in Medway and East Millinocket, its host
communities.

MAGIC is a quasi-public economic development agency aimed at developing business
in the Katahdin region.

The Town Council, meanwhile, will meet Thursday to discuss hiring a new economic
development agent. In a controversial decision, councilors opted not to fund
MAGIC in the town's 2007-08 budget, forcing town businesses that had gone to
MAGIC for help since the organization's inception almost a decade ago to pay for
it.

Town Manager Eugene Conlogue has been soliciting proposals for a firm or
individual to assist him in helping business clients develop business plans,
financial applications and grant applications as the need arises.

The proposals that Conlogue has received, which will not cost more than $30,000
for the 2007-08 fiscal year, will be unveiled Thursday, council Chairman Wallace
Paul said Friday. He called the council's new plan a stopgap measure.

"I think what we are trying to do is take a volatile situation and calm it down
until a new council can come in and make a new comprehensive plan and move
forward," Paul said.

Conlogue could not be reached for comment Thursday.

LOAD-DATE: September 8, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2007 Bangor Daily News


                             461 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          September 19, 2013 Thursday

Arkansas: Highlights Support for Advanced Health Care Technology

LENGTH: 701  words

DATELINE: Little Rock


Arkansas Agriculture Department, The State of Arkansas has issued the following
news release:

Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack today kicked off National Health IT week by
highlighting the U.S. Department of Agriculture's (USDA) partnership with the
Department of Health and Human Services (HHS) Office of the National Coordinator
for Health IT (ONC) to expand funding for advanced health care technology in
rural America.

"Digital technology holds tremendous promise for the future of health care, and
we must ensure that rural Americans have access to the latest in health
technology," Vilsack said. "USDA has worked hard to expand digital tools and
infrastructure for rural health providers, and as a result more communities are
well-positioned to provide cutting edge health care."

USDA is partnering with HHS and the Department of Veterans Affairs to leverage
funds to support advanced health care technology in rural hospitals. This
partnership is an extension of a successful pilot launched in Illinois, Iowa,
Kansas, Mississippi and Texas to identify rural critical access hospitals in
persistent poverty areas in need of advanced health care technology.

Rural Development programs provide funding for rural health IT infrastructure
and expand local access to high quality health care services for rural Americans
nationwide. These Rural Development programs include the Community Facilities
loan and grant program, the Distance Learning and Telemedicine Grant program and
the Rural Economic Development loan and grant program.

In conjunction with Health IT Week, Secretary Vilsack announced funding today
for the following recipients to make technological upgrades and improve access
to quality health care in rural areas. USDA funding is contingent upon the
recipient meeting the terms of the loan or grant agreement.

Kansas

Ellinwood District Hospital - $237,000 Community Facilities loan. Funds will be
used to install a boiler system to improve the dependability and efficiency of
the hospital's heating and cooling system.

Illinois

Pinckneyville Community Hospital District - $22,999,000 Community Facilities
loan. Funds will be used to construct a replacement critical access hospital
building.
    Community Memorial Hospital Association - $8,000,000 Community Facilities
loan. Funds will be used to renovate the hospital in Staunton, Ill. The project
will improve emergency services, centralize outpatient testing and services and
improve patient registration.

Iowa

Access Energy Cooperative - $300,000 Rural Economic Development grant and
$495,000 Rural Economic Development loan. Funds will be used to create a
revolving loan fund that will provide a pass-through loan for the Henry County
Health Center to purchase equipment for the surgical and outpatient departments.
The project will create three jobs and help retain 300 existing jobs.

Texas

Mitchell County Hospital District - $28,800 Community Facilities grant. Funds
will be used to purchase a nurse call system. The system will be used to improve
patient care for Mitchell County residents.
    Kinney County - $40,600 Community Facilities grant. Funds will be used to
purchase an ambulance.

President Obama's plan for rural America has brought about historic investment
and resulted in stronger rural communities. Under the President's leadership,
these investments in housing, community facilities, businesses and
infrastructure have empowered rural America to continue leading the way -
strengthening America's economy, small towns and rural communities.

USDA, through its Rural Development mission area, has a portfolio of programs
designed to improve the economic stability of rural communities, businesses,
residents, farmers and ranchers and improve the quality of life in rural
America. USDA has made a concerted effort to deliver results for the American
people, even as the Department implements sequestration - the across-the-board
budget reductions mandated under terms of the Budget Control Act. USDA has
already undertaken historic efforts since 2009 to save more than $828 million in
taxpayer funds through targeted, common-sense budget reductions.

For further information please visit: http://aad.arkansas.gov/

LOAD-DATE: September 20, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             462 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Deming Headlight (New Mexico)

                             May 21, 2014 Wednesday

Rural communities grow from loans, grants

BYLINE: Staff report

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 675 words


WASHINGTON &GT;&GT; Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack announced that the
Department is accepting applications for loans and grants to support community
development projects, business expansion and job creation.

"These USDA investments are part of the Obama Administration's ongoing efforts
to create jobs and expand economic opportunities for rural entrepreneurs,"
Vilsack said. "Through them, USDA is working with local organizations to provide
capital to help small business owners achieve their goals. These investments are
helping rural residents take the next steps on the ladder to greater success and
opportunity."

Assistance is being provided through two USDA Rural Development programs: the
Intermediary Relending Program (IRP) and the Rural Microentrepreneur Assistance
Program (RMAP). The 2014 Farm Bill reauthorized both programs through 2018. For
Fiscal Year 2014, $18.9 million in IRP loans are available, and $25.4 million in
RMAP loans and grants are available.

USDA Rural Development State Director Terry Brunner added, "The availability of
this funding is critical because often it has been tough for the small business
owner to access small loans from traditional lenders this funding will provide
another avenue of financial support." Brunner added, "The Obama Administration
is committed to make available existing federal resources to create jobs even in
the smallest of communities, and I believe this funding will help achieve that
goal one business at a time."

One of the best examples how some of this funding has been used was when the New
Mexico Community Development Loan Fund (Loan Fund) received an obligation of
$400,000 in 2012 which then has made low income loans to various small
businesses throughout rural New Mexico. Including; entrepreneurs, business
owners and non-profit organizations with the goal of expanding business
opportunities and creating jobs.

Under IRP, USDA lends money to economic development intermediaries (non-profits
and public bodies) who re-lend it to rural businesses (ultimate recipients) that
might not otherwise be able to obtain such financing. The program supports
sustainable economic development and helps create or retain jobs in
disadvantaged and remote communities. USDA encourages intermediaries to work
with state and regional representatives and with other public and private
organizations that can provide complementary resources. Since President Obama
took office, the IRP program has created or saved an estimated 92,000 jobs.

Under RMAP, USDA provides loans and grants to Microenterprise Development
Organizations (MDOs) to help microentrepreneurs   very small businesses with 10
or fewer employees   access microloans to start or develop businesses. MDOs use
the funds to provide training and technical assistance to eligible small
businesses or to establish revolving loan funds to provide micro-loans,
typically $5,000 to $50,000, to rural microentrepreneurs. Since the beginning of
the Obama Administration, the RMAP program has provided $52 million for 257
projects to support very small business enterprises.

Details about how to apply for 2014 IRP funding are on page 28886 and for 2014
RMAP funding are on page 28888 of today's Federal Register. Application forms
may be obtained from any USDA Rural Development State Office.

President Obama's plan for rural America has brought about historic investment
and resulted in stronger rural communities. Under the President's leadership,
these investments in housing, community facilities, businesses and
infrastructure have empowered rural America to continue leading the way
strengthening America's economy, small towns and rural communities.

USDA's investments in rural communities support the rural way of life that
stands as the backbone of our American values. President Obama and Agriculture
Secretary Vilsack are committed to a smarter use of federal resources to foster
sustainable economic prosperity and ensure the government is a strong partner
for businesses, entrepreneurs and working families in rural communities.

LOAD-DATE: May 22, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Courtesy Photo Tortilleria Sierra located in Sunland Park received USDA
Intermediary Relending Program funding which was provided by New Mexico
Community Loan Fund. The small business used the money to purchase its building
and received a second working capital loan to help expand the tortilla making
business by purchasing more equipment.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


          Copyright 2014 Deming Headlight, a MediaNews Group Newspaper
                              All Rights Reserved


                             463 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Lincoln Journal Star (Nebraska)

                             August 17, 2008 Sunday

Five Nebraska groups get rural development grants;

BYLINE: Lincoln Journal Star

SECTION: Pg. D7

LENGTH: 354 words


Five groups, including three from Lincoln and one from Southeast Nebraska, have
been given $420,832 in rural development grants from the U.S. Department of
Agriculture.

U.S. Rep. Jeff Fortenberry and Scot Blehm, Nebraska's USDA rural development
director, recently handed out ceremonial checks to the recipients.

The funds are expected to help stimulate economic development in rural Nebraska,
provide disaster help to small businesses and support wind energy education.

The rural business enterprise grant recipients were:

Indian Center Inc. of Lincoln, which received $87,162. Leveraged with $35,215
from the center, the money will establish a Native business support center in
Scottsbluff.

The center will give one-onone technical help to existing and potential Native
businesses in Scotts Bluff County. It also will present a program, "Worlds of
Work," in Scottsbluff, Santee, Dakota City, Valentine, Wahoo, Fairbury, McCook
and Norfolk.

Renaissance Nebraska Project Inc. of Lincoln received $55,000, to which it will
contribute $29,000 to promote job creation, entrepreneurial help, and population
growth and workforce development in rural Nebraska.

Southeast Nebraska Development District of Lincoln will use $35,170, leveraged
with its own $35,380, to provide technical help to small and emerging private
businesses in Gage, Jefferson, Richardson and Saunders counties affected by
recent severe storms, tornadoes and flooding.

Diller-Odell Public Schools, which will use $10,500 - joined by $5,066 from the
school and other sources - to install wind turbine equipment. The turbine is
expected to serve educational and generation purposes and foster future job
opportunities related to renewable energy.

Northeast Economic Development Inc. of Norfolk, which will use $200,000 joined
by $54,000 from itself and other sources to start a revolving loan fund for
businesses in Butler, Colfax and Platte counties.

The areas have been declared disaster counties from severe storms, tornadoes and
flooding. NED also received $33,000, to which $12,000 will be added, for a
feasibility study of a proposed new company in Stanton County.

LOAD-DATE: April 6, 2009 Monday

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2008 Lincoln Journal Star
                              All Rights Reserved


                             464 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                     Belfast News Letter (Northern Ireland)

                            July 12, 2003, Saturday

FARM FAMILIES PLAN LAUNCHED

SECTION: FARMING LIFE; Pg. 31

LENGTH: 619 words


THE Rural Area Partnership in Derry (RAPID) has launched an innovative new North
West Families initiative, targeted at the farming community in the Coleraine,
Limavady and Londonderry Council areas.

The programme, which has been funded under Measure 1.7a of the EU Programme for
Peace and Reconciliation in Northern Ireland, will aim to assist farmers and
farming families develop new skills for obtaining alternative employment
(on-farm diversification).

The programme will be delivered in partnership with Coleraine Local Action Group
for Enterprise Ltd (COLLAGE), Roe Valley Rural Development Ltd, Roe Valley
Enterprises, Coleraine Enterprise Agency and North West Marketing at venues
throughout the three council areas.

The programme has three main objectives. Firstly, it will help people engaged in
farming to identify their skills development needs and encourage them to
undertake a skills development programme. Secondly, the scheme will facilitate
the reskilling of these people to either secure off-farm employment or acquire
expertise in new, non-traditional farming practices. Finally, the programme will
help the participants secure employment or engage in a farm diversification
process.

The key elements of the programme cover reskilling and guidance, formation of
change management groups, off-farm employment training and diversification.

Participants will take part in a free 12-hour accredited opportunities for
change programme and, in return, will ceive free mentoring support from an
experienced business mentor, up to pounds 250 reskilling grant assistance per
trainee, up to pounds 250 barrier payment assistance, and the opportunity to
receive diversification grant assistance up to a maximum of pounds 20,000 for
eligible participants.

To be eligible for a place on the programme, participants must gain all or part
of their livelihood from the farm business, be 19 years or over, and must farm
within the Londonderry, Limavady or Coleraine Council areas.

RAPID is also boosting job creation in rural areas through its LEADER+
Programme. The pounds 1.2 million LEADER+ Programme is an initiative jointly-
funded by the European Union, the Department of Agriculture and Rural
Development and Derry City Council. DARD has invested pounds 882,000 and Derry
City Council committed pounds 300,000.

Grant levels range from 40 per cent to 90 per cent of project costs and are
available for a number of activities including the purchase of capital equipment
to assist with business growth, business development training, and
implementation of ICT and marketing plans.

Women will also be a specific target group within the initative with the Rural
Women into Business Programme providing up to pounds 1,500 grant assistance for
women who want to become self-employed.

To ensure that all of the rural micro businesses in the Derry City Council area
have access to the LEADER+ grant assistance, RAPID invited tenders to provide a
Rural Business Advisory Scheme.

The aim of the scheme is to promote and encourage entrepreneurship in the rural
area. Una Cooper has been appointed business analysis manager and is based on a
full-time basis at RAPID's offices at Kilaloo.

She will provide a first point of contact for those considering starting a new,
or expanding an existing, business. She will provide initial support, guidance
and signposting.

Information evenings for both programmes will be held throughout July.

Further information on the North West Farm Families Initiative is available from
William Burke; and of the LEADER+ from Una Cooper at RAPID's offices, The Old
School House, 2 Foreglen Road, Killaloo (telephone, 028 7133 7149).

LOAD-DATE: July 12, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUB-TYPE: PAPER

                   Copyright 2003 Century Newspapers Limited


                             465 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Clovis News Journal (New Mexico)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                           December 17, 2015 Thursday

USDA official to present grants in Clovis, Portales

BYLINE: Brittney Cannon, Clovis News Journal, N.M.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 406 words


Dec. 17--A few area businesses are receiving grants and loans from USDA Rural
Development State Director Terry Brunner today and tomorrow in Clovis and
Portales.

According to Eastern Plains Council of Government Executive Director Sandy
Chancey, Brunner will award Roosevelt County Electric Cooperative with $160,000
in grant money from the Rural Energy for America Program (REAP).

The $160,000 grant will be used to make energy-efficiency improvements at the
co-op's office building with more energy efficient lighting, windows, insulation
and a new heating and air conditioning system, according to a release from the
USDA.

The REAP program offers grants to help farmers, ranchers and rural small
businesses purchase renewable energy systems and make energy efficiency
improvements, said the release.

Brunner will present a certificate of obligation to the cooperative at 1:30 p.m.
today at the cooperative offices on North Main in Portales.

On Friday, Brunner will award Farmers' Electric Cooperative with $38,723,000 in
loans through the development's rural utility services electric program, which
includes $500,000 for smart grid projects, according to an information packet
from the state department.

The funds will be used to build and improve 164 miles of line and make other
system improvements, according to the packet.

DFAM Hospitality, LLC and MEERA Hospitality, LLC are also being awarded B&I
guaranteed loans from the state department for hotel purchases and improvements,
Chancey said.

According to the packet, DFAM Hospitality is being awarded $3,370,150 to
purchase the Comfort Inn and Suites.

MEERA Hospitality, the packet stated, is receiving $2,864,100 to acquire Clovis
Inn and Suites.

In both cases, Western Bank of Clovis guaranteed and made the initial loan.

Brunner will present certificates at 10 a.m. Friday at the Clovis-Carver Public
Library North Annex in Clovis.

Chancey said any business or co-op seeking assistance from the USDA Rural
Development office needs to apply to one of their many programs.

"It can be quite an involved application process," Chancey said. "They have lots
of different programs."

The REAP grant, Chancey said, helps farmers, ranches and small rural business
owners get access to money that helps them make energy-efficient improvements.

___ (c)2015 the Clovis News Journal (Clovis, N.M.) Visit the Clovis News Journal
(Clovis, N.M.) at www.cnjonline.com Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: December 24, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20151217-CJ-USDA-official-to-present-grants
-in-Clovis-Portales-1217-20151217

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: CJ


                       Copyright 2015 Clovis News Journal


                             466 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                     Monroe County Appeal (Paris, Missouri)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                  July 7, 2011

USDA invites applications for Value Added Producer Grant to assist farmers;
Investing in Rural America Essential to Job Creation and Business Growth

BYLINE: Monroe County Appeal staff

LENGTH: 396  words


Deputy Agriculture Secretary Kathleen Merrigan announced that applications are
being accepted for grants to provide economic assistance to independent
producers, farmer and rancher cooperatives and agricultural producer groups
through the Value-Added Producer Grant Program.

"By creating value-added products, farmers and ranchers can expand economic
opportunities, create jobs and keep wealth in rural communities," Merrigan
said."These funding opportunities will promote business expansion and
entrepreneurship by helping local businesses get access to capital, technical
assistance and new markets for their products and servic-es.

Application deadline is Monday, Aug. 29. For further details about eligibility
rules and application procedures, see the June 28, Federal Register. Value-Added
Producer

Grantsmay be used for feasibility studies or business plans, working capital for
marketing value-added agricultural products and for farm-based renewable energy
projects. Eligible applicants include independent producers, farmer and rancher
cooperatives, and agricultural producer groups. Value-added products are created
when a producer increases the consumer value of an agricultural commodity in the
production or processing stage.

Additional information is available by contacting Nathan Chit-wood with the
Missouri USDA Rural Development State Office at 573-876-0995. An informational
meeting and training on completion of the application packet will be held at the
Missouri USDA Rural Development State Office, 601 Business Loop 70 West, Suite
232 Parkade Center, Columbia, Missouri 65203 on Thursday, July 14, at 10 a.m.
Those interested in obtaining additional information are encouraged to attend
and/or contact Mr. Chitwood.

USDA, through its Rural Development mission area, administers and manages
housing, business and community infrastructure and facility programs through a
national network of state and local offices. Rural Development has an existing
portfolio of more than $150 billion in loans and loan guarantees. These programs
are designed to improve the economic stability of rural communities, businesses,
residents, farmers and ranchers and improve the quality of life in rural
America.

Further information on rural programs is available at a local USDA Rural
Development office or by visiting USDA Rural Development's web site at
http://www.rur-dev.usda.gov.

LOAD-DATE: June 6, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Local Government

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: MCA

                      Copyright 2011 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                      Copyright 2011 Monroe County Appeal


                             467 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           The Taos News (New Mexico)

                              May 7, 2009 Thursday

USDA WORKSHOPS LEND A HAND TO RURAL ENERGY PROJECTS

BYLINE: MARISSA BRUNO

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. B-8

LENGTH: 748 words


By Marissa Bruno

For The Taos News

In an effort to conserve energy by going "green," many rural business owners,
farmers and producers are struggling financially to transform their facilities
and products to be more environmentally sound.

On Thursday (May 14), the U.S. Department of Agriculture's Rural Development's
business program will hold a free workshop in Taos on how to obtain grants and
loans for renewable energy projects, energy-efficiency improvements and
value-added agriculture projects.

Ernie Watson, USDA public information coordinator, said the workshops are a
means to educate the public about the different funding that the Rural
Development department provides. The workshops will be presented statewide, but
Taos was chosen because there have been a significant number of calls and
questions regarding energy efficiency.

"The mission of the workshops is to provide the best possible lifestyle for
people living in rural development communities," Watson said. "We decided we
should have these workshops and let them know what we can provide and what we
can't provide."

Although the workshops are geared toward rural small business owners and
agricultural providers, anyone who is interested may attend.

The Taos workshops will be held in Coronado Hall in the Taos Convention Center,
Civic Plaza Drive, from 1:30-3:30 p.m.

The session by the Business and Cooperative Program will present information on
the two core value programs: Rural Energy for America Program, also known as
REAP, and the Value Added Producer Grant Program. The session will also address
the requirements to receive a loan or grant, the procedure to apply as well as
application deadlines.

"These programs are a vital tool to help support rural businesses, create new
markets for agricultural products and assist our country in becoming more energy
independent," said Eric Vigil, USDA Rural Development acting state director.

REAP, the newer of the two programs, is eligible to agricultural producers and
rural small businesses that are seeking funding to make more efficient energy
improvements to facilities such as replacing equipment or updating lighting and
insulation.

The Value-Added Producer Grant Program has been around for several years and
provides funds for a commodity that wants to do an assessment study to see if a
project would be feasible in the community. It helps agricultural producers
develop business plans and marketing strategies for creating opportunities to
produce value-added products.

Eligible applicants must be independent producers, farmer or rancher
cooperatives, an agricultural producer group or majority-controlled
producer-based business venture.

The question remains whether the workshops will be successful in achieving that
goal.

French Espinoza, director of public works for the town of Taos, said residents
have been active in reducing energy consumption but notices that there has been
a monetary concern.

"There is an enormous amount of activity where people in the community are
practicing green methods," Espinoza said. "There's an issue of follow-through
and the question of funding. Unfortunately, because of the financial crisis
there's an interest there but a lack of funding."

Town of Taos Community and Economic Development Director Matt Spriggs also said
that proactive measures are being implemented to reduce energy costs, especially
in building construction.

The High Performance Building Ordinance, which was passed in February, requires
residential construction to follow the Home Energy Rating System (HERS) --
meaning any home built in Taos has to be 20 percent more energy efficient than
the normal standard and commercial construction must meet the LEED (Leadership
in Energy and Environmental Design) standard.

Spriggs said he hopes that providing workshops to inform people of available
grants and loans will continue to cut energy costs as long as there is a
realistic payoff. "They have to show to them that there is going to be a market
difference," he said. "There is a general belief in the city that this is
possible."

Watson didn't have a specific amount of how much funding is available but stated
that it is somewhere in the millions. He said there would be enough funding for
those who successfully apply and believes that this is a step in the right
direction.

"Even if we talk to one person, it will be worth it," Watson said. "It will be
great to get out there and talk to folks. We believe that we have a lot of
interest in the Taos area."

LOAD-DATE: January 14, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: See pdf's for exact rendition, caption, graphics and photographer info.


PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2009 The Taos News
                              All Rights Reserved


                             468 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       The Oklahoman (Oklahoma City, OK)

                            August 5, 2009 Wednesday
                                  City Edition

FEDERAL DOLLARS HELP BOOST COMMERCE IN RURAL AREAS

BYLINE: DEBBIE BLOSSOM, Business Writer<br>dblossom@opubco.com

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. 2B

LENGTH: 457 words


An infusion of federal money totaling nearly $900,000 will be used to jump-start
economic development in four rural Oklahoma communities.

The state was included in a nationwide $15.3 million grant windfall for 145
recipients through the federal Recovery Act, the U.S. Department of Agriculture
said.

The department's Rural Business Enterprise Program funds education and training,
community development and technical assistance for towns and development
agencies.

And for some of the smallest towns in the state, the federal money will help
create new businesses and keep jobs from moving out of Oklahoma.

Industrial investment

A $400,000 grant to the Johnston County Industrial Authority will go toward
construction of a 6,000-square-foot building in an industrial park just west of
Tishomingo, said Cecil Carter, an economic development specialist at Murray
State College who wrote the grant.

The building will occupy one of eight underdeveloped sites in the park, and when
construction is completed will house a subsidiary of a high-tech machine shop,
TapeMatics, already operating there, Carter said.

The new metal fabrications company is expected to add 15 jobs in the next three
years.

"This will give them a good bit of space to expand," he said. With an architect
already selected for the project, work on the site should be complete in a year,
he said.

In the southeastern community of Antlers, almost $100,000 will be used to expand
the home base of Mays Home Health Care and keep the growing company from moving
elsewhere, city manager Joel Taylor said.

The project will add about 2,500 square feet to the company's headquarters,
Taylor said. But most importantly, "This will help us retain more of those jobs
in Antlers."

With 80 employees, Mays is one of Antlers' biggest employers, "And that's a lot
of jobs for us," he said.

The company has locations across Oklahoma, but has also expanded into north
Texas.

Taylor expects construction to begin before the end of the year.

"A grant is always good news," he said.

With a 2008 population of just 591, Fort Towson, in the far southeastern corner
of the state, is planning to turn its $300,000 grant into a new building on land
owned by the Fort Towson Industrial Authority.

With a commitment from a medical business for one side and a retail operation on
the other, the new businesses will mean needed services along busy U.S. Highway
70 and for a rural area that houses a high percentage of retirees, said David
Hinkle, Choctaw County economic development director. The funding "Is a huge
deal," said Hinkle, who wrote the grant. "They are finally achieving their goal
after five years of planning."

Also receiving an $87,000 grant is Minco Community Foundation Inc., the USDA
said.

LOAD-DATE: August 6, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: A Tape-Matics Inc. welder works in the manufacturing facility's machine
shop near Tishomingo. Tape-Matics will add a subsidiary operation that is
expected to employ 15 in the next few years. The new business will occupy space
at a new site that is being funded by a federal grant. - PHOTO PROVIDED
TAPE-MATICS INC.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2009 The Oklahoman, All Rights Reserved


                             469 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               Carmarthen Journal

                                 July 13, 2011
                                   Edition 1;
                                National Edition

£77k fund for rural enterprise creates jobs

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. 46

LENGTH: 470 words


A RURAL Carmarthenshire family business that aims to change lives has expanded
the services it offers thanks to a grant from the Rural Conversion Grant Fund.

Peter, Hazel, Stephen and Samantha Saville, owners of the Golden Hill Centre,
are celebrating a £77,093 grant to convert three redundant buildings into a
therapy room, two small offices, a multi purpose IT training room, art studio
and gallery and an innovations workshop. The Golden Hill Project will create
three new full-time positions, a part-time position and safeguard a part-time
position.

The enterprise, which was established in 2001 under the banner of Life Change
Therapy, officially opened its new business premises at Panteg, Whitemill, near
Carmarthen at the start of the month.

Carmarthenshire Council is behind the Rural Conversion Grant Fund which is aimed
at creating jobs and regenerating rural parts of the area.

The authority has received funding to deliver the project through the Rural
Development Plan for Wales 2007-2013, which is funded by the Welsh Assembly and
the European Agricultural Fund for Rural Development.

Owners Peter and Hazel Saville said they were delighted with the grant funding.
They said: "The opening marks the fulfilment of about two years of planning and
hard work. With assistance from the county council's regeneration department,
the builders, architect and other professionals, we have been able to bring this
dream into being.

"We now have three buildings that were redundant that have been saved and
converted to useful purposes."

The public are invited to attend the Golden Hill Centre's open day on Saturday
July 16 from 10am to 5.30pm. Admission is free.

Throughout the day The Golden Hill Art Gallery will have paintings, prints and
cards for sale.

In addition there will be Celtic harp and song, Celtic storytelling, dance,
barbecue and presentations on trance, hypnotherapy and life changing therapy.

The Rural Conversion Grant is part of a major package of funding to support
businesses in Carmarthenshire.

The council's project officer, Mike Bull, said: "The Rural Conversion Grant
scheme has resulted in £1.2 million being invested into the redevelopment of
redundant buildings for business use.

"Five existing businesses including the Golden Hill Project have received
financial support to expand their provision with two individuals receiving
financial support to set up new enterprises."

The council's executive board member for regeneration councillor Clive
Scourfield said: "I am delighted that the Rural Conversion Grant has provided
entrepreneurs in the rural area with the opportunity to expand safeguard or
establish their business. "It marks a major step forward in the ongoing
regeneration of the county and supports the innovative work that the council is
leading to support and develop our communities."

LOAD-DATE: July 13, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: CELEBRATION: Carmarthenshire Council executive board member Councillor
Clive Scourfield (left) with Peter and Hazel Saville at the official opening of
the Golden Hill Centre at Whitemill.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: CRJ


                       Copyright 2011 Carmarthen Journal
                              All Rights Reserved


                             470 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                               Grimsby Telegraph

                             June 1, 2016 Wednesday

£5k grant boost for local recruitment firm

SECTION: NEWS:OTHER; Pg. 29

LENGTH: 388  words


A GRANT of £5,000 from East Lindsey District Council's Rural Development Fund
has given a boost to Root2 Recruit in Louth as it expands its business.

Owner David Norton started the business in 2012 and moved into the Fairfield
Enterprise Centre - a council-run venue to support new businesses.

The council grant has enabled the business to buy essential office equipment and
marketing materials, vital in raising awareness of the company's service.

The new equipment will be used by employees that have been recruited into the
business as they expand their online fixed fee recruitment service.

The marketing materials will be used to promote the business at recruitment
trade shows throughout the country.

Owner David, said: "We were delighted to receive the grant from the Rural
Development Fund as it has enabled us to purchase office equipment and computers
for our expanding workforce.

"Being a people business, it's important for us to provide a pleasant working
environment for our own staff and a suitable meeting room for client visits and
staff training.

"Since the grant was awarded we have appointed an account manager and offered
our apprentice a full time position.

"New computer equipment means that we can deliver our process via cutting edge
software where clients have their own portal to manage vacancies and candidates.

"The exhibition stand we purchased has had many outings and is a great way to
promote our innovative recruitment service.

"We deliver presentations to explain how our online fixed price recruitment
process works to prospective clients at the exhibitions and feedback so far is
exceptional.

"We expect to appoint another full time member of staff shortly and an
apprentice towards the end of the year."

Portfolio Holder for market towns and rural economy Councillor Adam Grist, said:
"This is a great example of how a relatively small investment into small and
medium businesses can make a huge difference, enabling them to expand and create
new job opportunities within the district."

Since its launch in 2012, the Rural Development Fund has awarded £927,074 to 36
local businesses, creating 51 Full time positions, 13 part time positions and
ten apprenticeships.

The Rural Development Fund is currently closed to applications.

ON THE WEB:  For more jobs news visit  www.grimsbytelegraph.co.uk/jobs

LOAD-DATE: June 3, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: on the career ladder: Existing Marine Apprentices with ABP Marine
Training Manager Martin Gough (centre).
grant boost: Lyndsey Padley, David Norton, Judy Norton, Jo Roberts, Ellie
Goldby, of Root2Recruit, in Louth.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                           Copyright 2016 Localworld
                              All Rights Reserved


                             471 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Telegraph Herald (Dubuque, IA)

                           October 20, 2011 Thursday

$50,000 grant will aid small businesses

BYLINE: Telegraph Herald

SECTION: A; Pg. 5

LENGTH: 419 words


ELIZABETH, Ill. - Jo-Carroll Energy has been awarded a $50,000 grant that will
help establish a sustainable small-business support center in the Tri-County
Economic Development Alliance region. The funding comes from the U.S. Department
of Agriculture's Rural Development through the Rural Business Opportunity Grants
program, which supports regional planning activities to improve economic
conditions in rural areas.

The center will provide training, consulting and other tools and resources to
help small businesses in northwestern Illinois with the ultimate goal of
creating and retaining jobs to build the regional economy. Jo-Carroll Energy
wrote the grant in support of the alliance, according to Russ Simpson,
Jo-Carroll Energy senior vice president and chief administrative officer. The
grant will provide less than 20 percent of the estimated two-year cost of
operating the center, with other funding coming from Jo-Carroll Energy and the
alliance. "Jo-Carroll Energy considers economic development a major strategic
priority and is fully engaged with TCEDA and other organizations to bring about
job creation in northwest Illinois," Simpson said. The center will offer
training and counseling in the areas of marketing, finance, business planning,
customer service, human resources, leadership, governance and strategic
planning. Plans include regularly scheduled classes as well as counselors and
mentors for one-on-one assistance. Classrooms will be equipped with video
capability for remote participation to minimize or eliminate travel time. Also
envisioned is a business incubator to assist entrepreneurs in getting their new
businesses off to a successful start. The grant will allow the center to offer
these services at no or minimal cost for 24 months, Simpson said. "Some very
reasonable fees will be required for some services, and the grant commitment is
to have a self-sustained support center after 24 months," Simpson said. "TCEDA
intends to develop a center of quality that businesses will support through fees
for services on into the future. Businesses will be asked to play a major role
in determining and designing center offerings they believe will be beneficial."
Alliance executive director Cindy Lenz will manage and oversee the business
support center. Lenz is Jo-Carroll Energy's manager of economic development.
Preliminary plans call for locating the center at the Campbell Center for
Historic Preservation Studies, situated on the former Shimer College campus in
Mount Carroll.

LOAD-DATE: October 20, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2011 Woodward Communications, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             472 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                   Mississippi Business Journal (Jackson, MS)

                               September 29, 2009

Cooperatives receiving grants from USDA

BYLINE: Wally Northway

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 167  words


The U.S. Department of Agriculture ( USDA) has selected 10 organizations in
eight states to receive $1.4 million in grants to assist small, socially
disadvantaged agricultural producers and cooperatives in rural areas.

This funding is being awarded through USDA Rural Development's Small, Socially
Disadvantaged Producer Grant Program, which is part of the department's ongoing
effort to expand outreach to rural residents to ensure that all communities have
equal access to USDA programs and services. Funding is being awarded to
cooperatives or associations of cooperatives where at least 75 percent of the
governing board or membership has annual gross agricultural product sales of
$250,000 or less in the last three years. Grants can be used for product
improvements, business plan development or economic development activities.

In Mississippi, the Winston County Self-Help Cooperative has been awarded a
$175,000 grant while the Mississippi Association of Cooperatives is to receive a
$174,770 grant.

LOAD-DATE: April 14, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Government activity

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2009 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved


                             473 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                  Louth Leader

                            August 29, 2015 Saturday

Revamp for Claythorpe Watermill thanks to grant

LENGTH: 345  words


Claythorpe Watermill and Wildfowl Gardens  has undergone a major revamp thanks
to a £16,112 grant from East Lindsey District Council

The grant, which is from the  Council's Rural Development Fund, has given a huge
boost to the watermill and  gardens in Aby near Louth as it continues its major
transformation.

New owners Mike and Rebecca Agate, took over the Watermill and Gardens in June
2013 and wanted to make a series of changes that improved the quality of the
attraction and the experience for visitors.

The grant from the district council has enabled the business to grow in
popularity since its relaunch, with a newly landscaped courtyard and
centrepiece, new enclosures for pheasants and refurbished customer toilets, with
all work being carried out by local businesses.

The watermill dates back to 1720 and the attraction first opened in 1986.

In addition to the improvements to the grounds and toilets, Mike and Rebecca
used the grant to help fund a leaflet drop to 40,000 addresses in Lincolnshire.

As a result, the watermill and gardens have seen a major increase in visitor
numbers, currently up by 60 per cent  on the previous year.

Owner Mike said: "The Rural Development Fund has helped us to make much needed
improvements to the business which we hope will have a real impact on the local
tourism economy, vital in the area.

"Without the contribution from the Rural Development Fund, the works would have
taken much longer to  achieve.

"We now have a popular and thriving business that we have exciting plans for in
the years ahead."

Leader of the district council Coun Craig Leyland said: "The Rural Development
Fund is about supporting businesses to grow and prosper to boost the economy of
East Lindsey.

"Claythorpe Watermill is an example of a business with a clear plan for the
future and an ambition to continually improve and I wish both Mike and Rebecca
well in the  years ahead."

Since its launch in 2012, the Rural Development Fund has awarded £800,000 to 28
local businesses, creating 43 full time jobs, 12 part time jobs, and six
apprenticeships.

LOAD-DATE: August 29, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: MLOP


                       Copyright 2015 Johnston Press Plc
                              All Rights Reserved


                             474 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           February 9, 2017 Thursday

Hawaii: Small Business Revitalization Grant Awards Announced for East Maui and
Molokai

LENGTH: 536  words

DATELINE: New York



 Honolulu: County of Maui, The State of Hawaii has issued the following news
release:



  The Mayor's Office of Economic Development (OED) and Lokahi Pacific announced
today that a total of $34,050 in Small Business Revitalization grants has been
awarded to companies in East Maui and Molokai.





 The small business revitalization grants are designed to assist businesses with
fewer than 10 employees and that do business in Maui County's rural communities
such as Hana and Molokai, which have been identified as the areas hardest hit in
their ability to recover from economic downturns.



 The grant funds may be used for new equipment, renovation, websites, marketing
materials or other purposes that will help the businesses grow, prosper and
create jobs. The grant program is a 40/60 match grant, which means that for
applicants accepted, for every $40 they contribute they will receive a match of
$60.



 "This program is very innovative," said Mayor Alan Arakawa, "because it allows
each applicant to determine exactly what they need in their business and
provides owners a great opportunity and low-cost way to grow their business."



 Molokai Council member Stacy Crivello said that "positive programs like this
are such a great opportunity for our rural businesses to leverage their own
limited funds."



 Hana Council member Robert Carroll noted that the Small Business Revitalization
grants give Hana residents who own their businesses a unique opportunity to get
the funds they need to do those projects they could not afford before. "This
will allow them to produce products more efficiently and thus become more
profitable," he said.



 Grant awards were made to the following companies and owners:



 East Maui:



 Patrick H. O'Connell and Eldege A. O'Connell of Kipahulu Construction, $5,000
grant



 Jodi Rings of East Maui Beekeeping, Limited dba Hana Bees, $5,000 grant



 Molokai:



 Lyndon R.L. Dela Cruz of Lanakila Designs, $4,871 grant



 Adolph M. and Corene K. Helm of Anahaki LLC, $2,870 grant



 Kalena Kaili-Thomas of Ali'i Skin Care, $3,569 grant



 Michael K. and Jamesie K.V. Kahinu of Na'ike's Ltd., $2,853 grant



 Tanya M. and Guy H. Naehu of MyLei, $4,887 grant



 Jamie Lynn Ronzello of Barking Deer Farm, $5,000 grant



 OED Director Teena Rasmussen noted that "these businesses strive so hard for
profitability. Small micro grants are such a great way to preserve the jobs
these companies offer in our rural communities."



 Lokahi Pacific was selected by OED as the master grantee and manager of the
Small Business Revitalization grants. Susie Thieman, Lokahi Pacific Executive
Director, said this has been an exciting project for the agency. "It's not about
the size of the grant; it is all about what the grant can do for the businesses,
" Thieman said. "We can see the valuable opportunities these grants offers small
businesses. We are helping eight such businesses with various needs and the
benefits will be felt not only by them, but the customers they serve as well."



 The Mayor's Office of Economic Development has a variety of grant programs
targeted to different sectors in the economy.





 In case of any query regarding this article or other content please contact:
editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: February 9, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2017 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             475 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            March 11, 2015 Wednesday

Inviting Applications for the Rural Economic Development Loan and Grant Programs
for Fiscal Year 2015

LENGTH: 2840  words

DATELINE: Washington


Office of the Federal Register, Government of USA has issued the following news
release:


Action

Notice.
Summary

This Notice is to invite applications for loans and grants under the Rural
Economic Development Loan and Grant (REDLG) programs pursuant to 7 CFR part
4280, subpart A for fiscal year (FY) 2015. Funding to support $38.6 million in
loans and $9.2 million in grants is currently available. The commitment of
program dollars will be made to applicants of selected responses that have
fulfilled the necessary requirements for obligation.

All applicants are responsible for any expenses incurred in developing their
applications.

Table of Contents Back to Top

DATES:
    ADDRESSES:
    FOR FURTHER INFORMATION CONTACT:
    Overview
    I. Funding Opportunity Description
    II. Award Information
    III. Eligibility Information
    A. Eligible Applicants
    B. Cost Sharing or Matching
    C. Other Eligibility Requirements
    D. Completeness Eligibility
    IV. Fiscal Year 2015 Application and Submission Information:
    A. Address To Request Application Package
    B. Content and Form of Submission
    C. Submission Dates and Times
    V. Application Review Information
    A. Criteria
    B. Review and Selection Process
    VI. Award Administration Information
    A. Award Notices
    B. Administrative and National Policy Requirements
    C. Reporting
    VII. Agency Contacts
    VIII. Paperwork Reduction Act
    IX. National Environmental Policy Act
    X. Federal Funding Accountability and Transparency Act
    XI. Nondiscrimination Statement

DATES: Back to Top

Application Deadline: Completed applications must be received in the United
States Department of Agriculture (USDA) Rural Development State Office no later
than 4:30 p.m. (local time) on the last business day of each month to be
considered for funding in the following month in FY 2015.
ADDRESSES: Back to Top

Submit applications in paper format to the USDA Rural Development State Office
for the State where the project is located. A list of the USDA Rural Development
State Office contacts can be found at:
http://www.rurdev.usda.gov/StateOfficeAddresses.html.
FOR FURTHER INFORMATION CONTACT: Back to Top

Kristi Kubista-Hovis at (202) 815-1589, Kristi.Kubista-Hovis@wdc.usda.gov, and
Cindy Mason at (202) 690-1433, Cindy.Mason@wdc.usda.gov Please contact the USDA
Rural Development State Office in the State in which the project will be
located.
Overview Back to Top

Solicitation Opportunity Type: Rural Economic Development Loans and Grants.

Announcement Type: Initial Announcement.

Catalog of Federal Domestic Assistance Number: 10.854.

Dates: Application Deadline: Completed applications must be received in the USDA
Rural Development State Office no later than 4:30 p.m. (local time) on the last
business day of each month to be considered for funding in the following month
in FY 2015.
I. Funding Opportunity Description Back to Top

A. Purpose of the Program. The purpose of the program is to promote rural
economic development and job creation projects.

B. Statutory Authority. These programs are authorized under 7 U.S.C. 940c and 7
CFR part 4280, subpart A. Assistance provided to rural areas, as defined, under
this program may include business startup costs, business expansion, business
incubators, technical assistance feasibility studies, advanced
telecommunications services and computer networks for medical, educational, and
job training services, and community facilities projects for economic
development. Awards are made on a competitive basis using specific selection
criteria contained in 7 CFR part 4280, subpart A. Information required to be in
the application includes an SF-424, "Application for Federal Assistance;" a
Resolution of the Board of Directors; AD-1047, "Debarment/Suspension
Certification;" Assurance Statement for the Uniform Act; Restrictions on
Lobbying, AD-1049, "Certification Regarding Drug-Free Workplace Requirements;"
Form RD 400-1, "Equal Opportunity Agreement;" Form RD 400-4, "Assurance
Agreement;" Seismic Certification (if construction); paperwork required in
accordance with 7 CFR 1940, subpart G, "Environmental Program." If the proposal
involves new construction; large increases in employment; hazardous waste; a
change in use, size, capacity, purpose or location from an original facility; or
is publicly controversial, the following is required: Form RD 1940-20, "Request
for Environmental Information;" RUS Form 7, "Financial and Statistical Report;"
and RUS Form 7a, "Investments, Loan Guarantees, and Loans," or similar
information; and written narrative of project description. Applications will be
tentatively scored by the State Offices and submitted to the National Office for
review.

C. Definition of Terms. The definitions applicable to this Notice are published
at 7 CFR 4280.3.

D. Application Awards. The Agency will review, evaluate, and score applications
received in response to this Notice based on the provisions found in 7 CFR part
4280, subpart A, and as indicated in this Notice. However, the Agency advises
all interested parties that the applicant bears the burden in preparing and
submitting an application in response to this Notice whether or not funding is
appropriated for these programs in FY 2015.
II. Award Information Back to Top

Type of Awards: Loans and Grants.

Fiscal Year Funds: FY 2015.

Available Funds: Loans: $38.6 million; Grants: $9.2 million.

Maximum Award: The Agency anticipates the following maximum amounts per award:
Loans--$1,000,000; Grants--$300,000.

Application Dates: The last business day of each month to be considered for
funding in the following month in FY 2015.

Award Dates: The last business day of the month following the month in which
application was received. Applications will be received monthly.
III. Eligibility Information Back to Top
A. Eligible Applicants

Loans and grants may be made to any entity that is identified by USDA Rural
Development as an eligible borrower under the Rural Electrification Act of 1936,
as amended (Act). In accordance with 7 CFR 4280.13, applicants that are not
delinquent on any Federal debt or otherwise disqualified from participation in
these programs are eligible to apply. An applicant must be eligible under 7
U.S.C. 940c. Notwithstanding any other provision of law, any former Rural
Utilities Service borrower that has repaid or prepaid an insured, direct or
guaranteed loan under the Act, or any not-for-profit utility that is eligible to
receive an insured or direct loan under such Act shall be eligible for
assistance under section 313(b)(2)(B) of such Act in the same manner as a
borrower under such Act. All other restrictions in this Notice will apply.
B. Cost Sharing or Matching

For loans, either the Ultimate Recipient or the Intermediary must provide
supplemental funds for the project equal to at least 20 percent of the loan to
the Intermediary. For grants, the Intermediary must establish a Revolving Loan
Fund and contribute an amount equal to at least 20 percent of the Grant. The
supplemental contribution must come from Intermediary's funds which may not be
from other Federal Grants, unless permitted by law.
C. Other Eligibility Requirements

Applications will only be accepted for projects that promote rural economic
development and job creation.
D. Completeness Eligibility

Applications will not be considered for funding if they do not provide
sufficient information to determine eligibility or are missing required
elements.
IV. Fiscal Year 2015 Application and Submission Information: Back to Top
A. Address To Request Application Package

For further information, entities wishing to apply for assistance should contact
the Rural Development State Office identified in this Notice to obtain copies of
the application package.

Applicants are encouraged to submit grant applications through the Grants.gov
Web site at: http://www.grants.gov. Grant applications may be submitted in
either electronic or paper format. Loan applications must be submitted via paper
to the State Office. Applications may not be submitted by electronic mail.

When you enter the Grants.gov Web site, you will find information about
submitting an application electronically through the site, as well as the hours
of operation. USDA Rural Development strongly recommends that you do not wait
until the application deadline date to begin the application process through
Grants.gov. To use Grants.gov, applicants must have a Dun and Bradstreet Data
Universal Numbering System (DUNS) number which can be obtained at no cost via a
toll-free request line at 1-866-705-5711 or at http://fedgov.dnb.com/webform.
    You may submit all documents electronically through the Web site, including
all information typically included on the application for REDLGs and all
necessary assurances and certifications.
    After electronically submitting an application through the Web site, the
applicant will receive an automatic acknowledgement from Grants.gov that
contains a Grants.gov tracking number.
    USDA Rural Development may request that the applicant provide original
signatures on forms at a later date.
    If applicants experience technical difficulties on the closing date and are
unable to meet the deadline, you may submit a paper copy of your application to
your respective Rural Development State Office. Paper applications submitted to
a Rural Development State Office must meet the closing date and local time
deadline.
    Please note that applicants must locate the downloadable application package
for this program by the Catalog of Federal Domestic Assistance Number or
FedGrants Funding Opportunity Number, which can be found at http://www.grants.
gov.

B. Content and Form of Submission

An application must contain all of the required elements. Each selection
priority criterion outlined in 7 CFR 4280.42(b) must be addressed in the
application. Failure to address any of the criteria will result in a zero-point
score for that criterion and will impact the overall evaluation of the
application. Copies of 7 CFR part 4280, subpart A, will be provided to any
interested applicant making a request to a Rural Development State Office. An
original copy of the application must be filed with the Rural Development State
Office for the State where the Intermediary is located.
C. Submission Dates and Times

Application Dates: No later than 4:30 p.m. (local time) on the last business day
of each month to be considered for funding in the following month.

Explanation of Dates: Applications must be in the USDA Rural Development State
Office by the dates as indicated above.
V. Application Review Information Back to Top
A. Criteria

All eligible and complete applications will be evaluated and scored based on the
selection criteria and weights contained in 7 CFR part 4280, subpart A. Failure
to address any one of the criteria by the application deadline will result in
the application being determined ineligible, and the application will not be
considered for funding.

Rural Development is encouraging applications for projects that will support
rural areas where according to the American Community Survey data by census
tracts show at least 20 percent of the population is living in rural poverty.
This emphasis will support Rural Development's mission of improving the quality
of life for Rural Americans and commitment to directing resources to those who
most need them.
B. Review and Selection Process

The State Offices will review applications to determine if they are eligible for
assistance based on requirements contained in 7 CFR part 4280, subpart A. If
determined eligible, your application will be submitted to the National Office.
Funding of projects is subject to the Intermediary's satisfactory submission of
the additional items required by that subpart and the USDA Rural Development
Letter of Conditions.
VI. Award Administration Information Back to Top
A. Award Notices

Successful applicants will receive notification for funding from the Rural
Development State Office. Applicants must comply with all applicable statutes
and regulations before the loan/grant award can be approved. Provided the
application and eligibility requirements have not changed, an application not
selected will be reconsidered in three subsequent funding competitions for a
total of four competitions. If an application is withdrawn, it can be
resubmitted and will be evaluated as a new application.
B. Administrative and National Policy Requirements

Additional requirements that apply to Intermediary's selected for this program
can be found in 7 CFR part 4280, subpart A. The U.S. Department of Agriculture
and the Agency are adopting the new U.S. Department of Agriculture grant
regulation at 2 CFR chapter IV. This regulation incorporates the new Office of
Management and Budget (OMB) regulations 2 CFR 200 and 2 CFR 400.1 to 400.18 for
monitoring and servicing REDLG funding.
C. Reporting

In addition to any reports required by 2 CFR 200 and 2 CFR 400.1 to 400.18, the
Intermediary must provide reports as required by 7 CFR part 4280, subpart A.
VII. Agency Contacts Back to Top

For general questions about this announcement, please contact your USDA Rural
Development State Office provided in the ADDRESSES section of this Notice.
VIII. Paperwork Reduction Act Back to Top

In accordance with the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995, the information
collection requirement contained in this Notice is approved by OMB under OMB
Control Number 0570-0024.
IX. National Environmental Policy Act Back to Top

This Notice has been reviewed in accordance with 7 CFR part 1940, subpart G,
"Environmental Program." Rural Development has determined that the Environmental
Impact Statement is not required because the issuance of regulations and
instructions, as well as amendments to them, describing administrative and
financial procedures for processing, approving, and implementing the Agency's
financial programs is categorically excluded in the Agency's National
Environmental Policy Act (NEPA) regulation found at 7 CFR part 1940.310(e)(3) of
Subpart G, Environmental Program. Thus, in accordance with the NEPA of 1969 (42
U.S.C. 4321-4347), Rural Development has determined that this notice does not
constitute a major Federal action significantly affecting the quality of the
human environment; however, Rural Development will conduct individual NEPA
analyses on a project-by-project basis whenever warranted.
X. Federal Funding Accountability and Transparency Act Back to Top

All applicants, in accordance with 2 CFR part 25, must have a DUNS number, which
can be obtained at no cost via a toll-free request line at 1-866-705-5711 or
online at http://fedgov.dnb.com/webform. Similarly, all grant applicants must be
registered in the System for Award Management (SAM) prior to submitting an
application. Applicants may register for the SAM at http://www.sam.gov. All
recipients of Federal financial grant assistance are required to report
information about first-tier sub-awards and executive total compensation in
accordance with 2 CFR part 170.
XI. Nondiscrimination Statement Back to Top

The U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA) prohibits discrimination against its
customers, employees, and applicants for employment on the bases of race, color,
national origin, age, disability, sex, gender identity, religion, reprisal, and
where applicable, political beliefs, marital status, familial or parental
status, sexual orientation, or all or part of an individual's income is derived
from any public assistance program, or protected genetic information in
employment or in any program or activity conducted or funded by the Department.
(Not all prohibited bases will apply to all programs and/or employment
activities.)

If you wish to file a Civil Rights program complaint of discrimination, complete
the USDA Program Discrimination Complaint Form (PDF), found online at
http://www.ascr.usda.gov/complaint_filing_cust.html, or at any USDA office, or
call (866) 632-9992 to request the form. You may also write a letter containing
all of the information requested in the form. Send your completed complaint form
or letter to us by mail at U.S. Department of Agriculture, Director, Office of
Adjudication, 1400 Independence Avenue SW., Washington, DC 20250-9410, by fax
(202) 690-7442 or email at program.intake@usda.gov

Individuals who are deaf, hard of hearing, or have speech disabilities and wish
to file either an EEO or program complaint may contact USDA through the Federal
Relay Service at (800) 877-8339 or (800) 845-6136 (in Spanish).

Persons with disabilities, who wish to file a program complaint, please see
information above on how to contact us by mail directly or by email. If you
require alternative means of communication for program information (e.g.,
Braille, large print, audiotape, etc.) please contact USDA's TARGET Center at
(202) 720-2600 (voice and TDD).

Dated: February 27, 2015.

Lillian E. Salerno,

Administrator, Rural Business--Cooperative Service.


In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: May 6, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             476 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                Birmingham Post

                           December 11, 2006, Monday
                                 First Edition

Rural firms helped to find new homes

BYLINE: Joanna Geary

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. 31

LENGTH: 498 words


Rural businesses have access to more than pounds 7 million of funding to help
them find premises with the launch of two new schemes.

Almost pounds 6 million has been put aside to develop flexible offices for small
businesses and pounds 1.5 million for firms to refurbish their own sites.

The pounds 5.9 million Rural Regeneration Zone Enterprise Centre Network, which
is targeted at small firms in Shropshire and Herefordshire, aims to establish
eight new office buildings to support growing local industry.

The scheme, backed by regional development agency Advantage West Midlands (AWM),
will create 25,000 square feet of office and workshop space for small firms in
Rotherwas in Hereford and Battlefields in Shrewsbury.

There will also be10,000 to 20,000 square foot sites in Leominster, Ross-on-Wye,
Ludlow, Bridgnorth, Oswestry and Market Drayton.

The Network promises to provide flexible terms and rents for developing
companies as well as business support services.

AWM said centres in Rotherwas, Shrewsbury, Ludlow and Leominster would begin
development in spring 2007, with work on the other sites following in late 2007
and 2008.

Peter Pawsey, chair of the Rural Regeneration Zone - which encompasses the area
where the hubs will be built -said: "We have a key role to play in improving the
economic conditions of the West Midlands, and this project will help achieve
this through fostering an enterprise culture and providing the right conditions
for start-up and grow-on businesses to prosper.

"The project will deliver a consistent level of high quality premises for young
businesses."

A grant scheme helping businesses in Shropshire, Herefordshire and
Worcestershire to refurbish and convert redundant buildings has been awarded an
extra pounds 1.5 million.

The Redundant Building Grants Project, which has already created and safeguarded
150 jobs in rural areas, provides grants for up to a quarter of the costs
involved in renovation work.

Projects that have already received funding under the scheme include the
restoration of an old malt house which now houses the only brewery in Ludlow.

In Herefordshire, an old milking shed in Ewyas Harold has been converted into a
state-of-the-art storage facility for rare film archives and in Worcestershire a
bakery in Tenbury Wells has been converted into a beauty salon.

Mr Pawsey said: "The Redundant Building Grants Scheme has been a tremendous
success' more than pounds 1 million has been awarded to 43 projects, which will
eventually create more than 350 new jobs and safeguard about 100.

"At the same time the scheme has helped to preserve the unique environment of
our rural areas by bringing many redundant buildings back into productive use."

The Ludlow Brewing Company, which has received a grant from the Redundant
Building Grants Project, raises a toast to the new money. Left to right are Ian
Edwards, of the Rural Regeneration Zone, Caroline Cattle, of the Redundant
Buildings Grants Scheme and Gary Walters, of Ludlow Brewing Company

LOAD-DATE: December 11, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2006 Midland Independent Newspapers plc
                              All Rights Reserved


                             477 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                   Irish News

                                August 31, 2004

Businesses are urged to apply for funding;

SECTION:  Pg. 28

LENGTH: 219 words


RURAL development agency West Tyrone Rural is seeking businesses in the Strabane
District Council area which could benefit from substantial grant funding under
its Leader+ programme.

Closing date for applications is September 30.

West Tyrone Rural's Anita McConnell said grants of up to GBP 20,000 were
available under the organisation's programme.

"This is an excellent opportunity for existing businesses operating in the rural
areas of Strabane Council to avail of grant assistance up to GBP 20,000, " she
said.

"However, there is a sense of urgency as the September 30 closing date for this
measure is approaching."

Ms McConnel said West Tyrone Rural wanted to ensure that businesses from the
Strabane area did not miss out on an excellent development opportunity.

She said the agency would help anyone interested to fill out their applications.

An example of a Leader+ funded project is Castlederg based Viscount Garage
Doors.

A family run business owned by Victor and Betty McMahon, Viscount received grant
aid of over GBP 15,000 to prototype a new invention in the field of garage
doors.

The Leader+ programme exists to help existing businesses to develop new or add
value to local products and processes through implementing new technology or
applying new ideas.

LOAD-DATE: August 31, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                     Copyright 2004 The Irish News Limited


                             478 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                    The Daily Globe (Worthington, Minnesota)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             August 3, 2012 Friday

New Vision Co-op, Rock County getting USDA funds

BYLINE: Julie Buntjer, The Daily Globe, Worthington, Minn.

SECTION: BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL NEWS

LENGTH: 636 words


Aug. 03--LISMORE -- The Lismore Telephone Cooperative has been awarded a
$300,000 grant and $740,000 loan from the U.S. Department of Agriculture's Rural
Development program to benefit projects in Rock County.

In a Thursday morning press conference, U.S. Under Secretary for Rural
Development Dallas Tonsager announced funding for 20 loan and grant projects in
12 states. Cooperatives in three Minnesota counties -- Freeborn, Traverse and
Nobles -- were among the recipients. All of the funds are awarded to rural
utility programs who act as a pass-through entity to borrow the funds to
non-profit or cooperative entities.

The Lismore Telephone Co-op (LTC) will reissue the $740,000 loan to New Vision
Cooperative to help fund the construction of its new feed mill near Magnolia.
The 10-year loan will be repaid by New Vision at a rate of 1 percent interest,
with LTC retaining the one percent as "a handling fee" of sorts, according to
LTC board secretary-treasurer Mark Loosbrock.

"We get (the money) from the USDA at 0 percent and lend it to New Vision,"
Loosbrock explained. "It's very well secured. The telephone company wants to
have no risk for its subscribers."

While the $7,400 in interest LTC will earn from the loan "isn't going to do
much" for the cooperative, Loosbrock is more excited about the $300,000 grant
that is coming. The funds will be loaned to Rock County, again at 1 percent
interest over 10 years, but as Rock County repays the funds, LTC will get to
keep all of the money to establish a revolving loan fund. LTC is also borrowing
Rock County an additional $60,000 to be combined with the grant.

According to Rock County Administrator Kyle Oldre, the grant dollars and loan
from LTC will be used to replace three road graders.

"This was a great way for us to get USDA financing for essential equipment,"
Oldre said. "Lismore Telephone Cooperative has been absolutely wonderful to work
with."

As Rock County repays the loan, Loosbrock said the funds will be available to
reinvest in businesses in surrounding communities

"We will keep those funds in a segregated account and be able to assist
businesses in development of jobs," Loosbrock said.

Those funds wouldn't be available to just Lismore, but to other communities and
rural businesses throughout LTC's service territory.

"The good thing is it does not have to be a nonprofit or a co-op," Loosbrock
added. "It can be used by any for-profit business in the community. That's the
real beauty of it."

Projects can include everything from business expansion to development.

"There are no pre-requirements for job creation, but obviously that is our
goal," Loosbrock added.

That is also the goal of USDA-RD in issuing loan and grant dollars.

"We're strongly encouraging these utility companies across the country to form
these kinds of investment funds, have the local involvement that it brings, seek
the resources while they are available and help build up those funds that have a
long-term effect on rural communities," Tonsager said.

During this latest round of funding, USDA-RD awarded nearly $13 million. It
received applications that were first evaluated by state Rural Development
staff.

This is the first time LTC has been awarded a grant through USDA-RD, although
they have been the recipient of loans in the past. Rural Development funds
helped put the telephone cooperative on the "leading edge" as the first in the
area to provide its customers with private telephone lines and most recently to
bring fiber optic cable to subscribers.

"We've always been very visionary as one of the best local telephone
cooperatives," Loosbrock said.

Daily Globe Reporter Julie Buntjer may be reached at 376-7330.

___ (c)2012 The Daily Globe (Worthington, Minn.) Visit The Daily Globe
(Worthington, Minn.) at www.dglobe.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: August 3, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20120803-QG-New-Vision-Co-op-Rock-County-getting-USDA-funds-0803-20120803

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: QG


                         Copyright 2012 The Daily Globe


                             479 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                             The Guardian (London)

                                January 25, 1988

New bank loans to create jobs in rural areas: Signpost

LENGTH: 786 words


A new loan and advice service aimed at creating jobs in country locations has
been launched by the Co-operative Bank and the Council for Small Industries in
Rural Areas.

Businesses apply for loans will be assessed initially by CoSIRA before being
passed on to the bank. This enables the bank to offer loans at a preferential
rate of 2.5 per cent over base rate to companies with 20 or fewer skilled
workers in areas with populations of under 10,000.


COSIRA will also help in monitoring successful applicants after the loan has
been granted. Loans can be from Pounds 2,000 upwards and for a period of up to
20 years. The loans can be used for a wide range of purposes, including new
buildings constructions, extentions, plant replacement and providing additional
plant and machinery as well as for working capital.

The bank will also offer all participants in the scheme commission-free banking
for 12 months.

David Davenport, chairman of CoSIRA and vice-chairman of its parent, the
Development Commission, says previous arrangements between CoSIRA and other
banks - some of which have been more fruitful than others - had led to Pounds 7
million being lent, a further Pounds 9 million of investment being generated,
and the creation of 1,500 jobs.

The correct address of the Scottish Co-operatives Development Committee is
Templeton Business Centre, Templeton Street, Bridgeton, Glasgow G40 1DA,
telephone (041)554-3797, and not as stated in the recent article on this page on
sources of finance for worker co-operatives.

Rural unemployment will in the main be solved off the farm and not on it, says
the Development Commission for Rural England. It was making a formal response to
the report of the Countryside Policy Review Panel which examined the effect
changes in agricultural policy could have on land use in rural areas.

The commission's chairman, Lord Vinson, says that while the commission agreed
with the panel that alternative land use and farm diversification, including
forestry and tourism, were growth areas for rural employment, the commission
believed it was rural enterprise in the shape of the small business which would
provide the foundation for rural prosperity in the future.

The commission believed some of the savings on farm support subsidies must be
pumped back into rural communities to broaden their economic base. The
commission assists some 27,000 small rural businesses employing 113,000 people
in England, and itself helps to create 5,000 job opportunities a year.

The Brixton Enterprise Centre in London is marking its third birthday with the
announcement of expansion through the conversion of a further 7,500 square feet
into 32 units for small firms at a cost of Pounds 130,000.

The Bon Marche building where the centre is located houses 72 workshops, 60
offices and 20 retail units.

The centre is an employment creation initiative between BAT Industries and the
London borough of Lambeth.

Mid Wales Development has welcomed the government proposed new regional policy,
even though regional development grants for the South Ceredigion area will be
lost. The new grant scheme for small firms with fewer than 25 employees will,
however, cover most firms in the area.

The board's chairman, Leslie Morgan, says the loss of automatic grants to
development areas outside Mid Wales may have the effect of increasing its
relative competitiveness.

Mid Wales Development will continue to operate its own development grants, which
in the current financial year has been made available to 30 projects involving
grants of Pounds 1 million.

The Wiltshire office of the Council for Small Industries in Rural Areas and the
Skills Training Agency are offering a range of one and two-day courses to help
expanding small businesses.

Called 'Managing to Succeed', the courses focus on particular problems faced by
the expanding business, such as borrowing from the right source on the right
terms, finding suitable premises, and employing people for the first time. For
further details telephone Cindy Winn, CoSIRA, 0722-336255, or Fiona Davies on
Bristol 656946.

The 1988 Gallacher business challenge for small businesses in Norther Ireland is
offering two new awards worth Pounds 6,000, in addition to the Pounds 10,000 top
prize, and the employee limit has been raised to 75 from 50.

These are an award of Pounds 3,500 for a young business with outstanding
prospects and a community award of Pounds 2,500 for a firm making an outstanding
contribution to its local community.

Further details can be obtained from the Co-ordinator, Gallaher Buiness
Challenge, Freepost, PO Box 9, Newtownabbey BT37 9BR, telephone 0232-866675.

LOAD-DATE: June 8, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1988 Guardian Newspapers Limited


                             480 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           September 20, 2016 Tuesday

Washington: CONGRESSMAN SANFORD BISHOP ANNOUNCES RURAL DEVELOPMENT GRANTS

LENGTH: 443  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: Office of the MP Sanford D. Bishop, Jr has issued the following
news release:



 Congressman Sanford D. Bishop Jr. (GA-02), is pleased to announce that the
Rural Development agency of the U.S. Department of Agriculture has approved
$14.3 million in project development grants and loans to five recipients in the
2nd Congressional District of Georgia. These recipients include the Fort Gaines
Police Department, the Ellaville Police Department, Pataula Charter Academy, the
Development Authority of Macon County, and South Georgia Technical College.





 "The grants and loans awarded by the Rural Development agency will be extremely
beneficial for the 2nd Congressional District of Georgia." said Congressman
Bishop. "These resources will be used to improve educational training, increase
the use of green technology, and replace outdated equipment."



 Pataula Charter Academy in Edison, GA, will receive a $14 million Community
Facility Direct Loan in order to build a new educational facility and
multi-purpose building. The state commissioned charter school serves Baker,
Calhoun, Clay, Early, and Randolph counties, and includes grades K through 12.



 The Development Authority of Macon County will receive a $99,000 Rural Business
Development Grant to purchase a flying saw that will be leased to Enviro
Builders, a local company focused on constructing green insulated panels for net
zero energy housing.



 The City of Fort Gaines will receive an Economic Impact Initiative Grant of
$50,000 and a Community Facility Loan of $26,800 in order to purchase two new
police vehicles for use by the Fort Gaines Police Department. Similarly, the
City of Ellaville was awarded a grant of $29,500 and a loan totaling $9,900
under the Community Facility Loan and Grant Program to purchase a new fully
equipped patrol vehicle.



 South Georgia Technical College in Sumter County, GA will receive a Rural
Business Development Grant totaling $99,000 to upgrade the college's truck
driving simulator. Students enrolled in the Commercial Truck Driving Program
will benefit from the updated tractor trailers and cabs.



 All five recipients received these grants from the U.S Department of
Agriculture's Rural Development agency, which provides both technical assistance
and loans, grants, and loan guarantees to support essential services in rural
America. This support is used to help communities with housing, economic
development, health care, first responder services and equipment, as well as
water, electric, and communications infrastructure.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:

 editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: September 20, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             481 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           September 20, 2016 Tuesday

Washington: CONGRESSMAN SANFORD BISHOP ANNOUNCES RURAL DEVELOPMENT GRANTS

LENGTH: 443  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: Office of the MP Sanford D. Bishop, Jr has issued the following
news release:



 Congressman Sanford D. Bishop Jr. (GA-02), is pleased to announce that the
Rural Development agency of the U.S. Department of Agriculture has approved
$14.3 million in project development grants and loans to five recipients in the
2nd Congressional District of Georgia. These recipients include the Fort Gaines
Police Department, the Ellaville Police Department, Pataula Charter Academy, the
Development Authority of Macon County, and South Georgia Technical College.





 "The grants and loans awarded by the Rural Development agency will be extremely
beneficial for the 2nd Congressional District of Georgia." said Congressman
Bishop. "These resources will be used to improve educational training, increase
the use of green technology, and replace outdated equipment."



 Pataula Charter Academy in Edison, GA, will receive a $14 million Community
Facility Direct Loan in order to build a new educational facility and
multi-purpose building. The state commissioned charter school serves Baker,
Calhoun, Clay, Early, and Randolph counties, and includes grades K through 12.



 The Development Authority of Macon County will receive a $99,000 Rural Business
Development Grant to purchase a flying saw that will be leased to Enviro
Builders, a local company focused on constructing green insulated panels for net
zero energy housing.



 The City of Fort Gaines will receive an Economic Impact Initiative Grant of
$50,000 and a Community Facility Loan of $26,800 in order to purchase two new
police vehicles for use by the Fort Gaines Police Department. Similarly, the
City of Ellaville was awarded a grant of $29,500 and a loan totaling $9,900
under the Community Facility Loan and Grant Program to purchase a new fully
equipped patrol vehicle.



 South Georgia Technical College in Sumter County, GA will receive a Rural
Business Development Grant totaling $99,000 to upgrade the college's truck
driving simulator. Students enrolled in the Commercial Truck Driving Program
will benefit from the updated tractor trailers and cabs.



 All five recipients received these grants from the U.S Department of
Agriculture's Rural Development agency, which provides both technical assistance
and loans, grants, and loan guarantees to support essential services in rural
America. This support is used to help communities with housing, economic
development, health care, first responder services and equipment, as well as
water, electric, and communications infrastructure.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:

 editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: September 20, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             482 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       Silver City Sun-News (New Mexico)

                          November 18, 2009 Wednesday

Few growers apply for USDA grants

BYLINE: Sun News Report

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 511 words


For the Headlight

ALBUQUERQUE - USDA Rural Development State Director Terry Brunner expressed
surprise today that only a few applications for the Value-Added Producer Grant
Program have been received from Ag producers in New Mexico. The program is
designed to provide grant funding to assist agricultural producers increase
their profits by adding value to their products.

"In tough economic times, I would have expected that more than a handful of
applications would have been submitted for this grant program," said Brunner. He
added, "This funding can really help farmers and ranchers find marketing
opportunities and produce profitable products from their crops or livestock.
More New Mexicans need to take advantage of this program."

The Value-Added Producer Grant Program can be used for planning activities such
as feasibility studies, marketing and business plans, or for working capital.

Some examples for which the money can be used include the following:

Developing a marketing study to determine the sales potential of making diced
tomatoes and chile into salsa;

Working capital, including salaries and utilities;

Creation of bio-materials (plastics, fiberboard);

On-farm renewable energy and biofuels (ethanol, bio-diesel). Recently, a grant
was awarded to a dairy cooperative in New Mexico to determine if dairy wastes
can be turned into methane gas.

Planning grants of up to $100,000 and working capital grants of up to $300,000
to successful applicants will be competitively awarded. Applicants are
encouraged to propose projects that use existing agricultural products in
non-traditional ways or that merge agricultural products with technology in
creative ways. Businesses of all sizes may apply, but priority will be given to
operators of small and medium-sized family farms - those with average, annual
gross sales of $700,000 or less.

Applicants must provide matching funds equal to the amount of the grant
requested. Ten percent of the available funding is reserved for beginning
farmers or ranchers and generally disadvantaged farmers or ranchers. An
additional 10 percent is reserved for projects involving local and regional
supply networks that link independent producers with businesses and cooperatives
that market value-added products.

"The deadline to apply for a Value Added Producer Grant is Monday, November 30,
2009, and is quickly approaching. Paper applications must be submitted to the
Rural Development State Office located at 6200 Jefferson, NE, Room 255, by the
close of business that day or electronically through the Grants.gov Web site at
www.grants.gov ," said, Brunner.

Those who want to apply for the funding can direct questions to the USDA Rural
Development State Office at (505) 761-4952.

For application requirements, consult both the funding notice at
www.rurdev.usda.gov/rbs/coops/vadg.htm and the regulations at
www.rurdev.usda.gov/regs/regs/pdf/4284j.pdf .

Further information on rural programs is available at a local USDA Rural
Development office or by visiting USDA Rural Development's web site at
www.rurdev.usda.gov/ .

LOAD-DATE: November 18, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


        Copyright 2009 Silver City Sun-News, a MediaNews Group Newspaper
                              All Rights Reserved


                             483 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                    Quay County Sun (Tucumcari, New Mexico)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             April 4, 2009 Saturday

Community Notes: Brisket sale, Scholarships to Forestry Camp, U.S. Rep. Ben Ray
Lujan to visit, Grants available

BYLINE: Quay County Sun, Tucumcari, N.M.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 627 words


Apr. 4--Briskets sale to benefit Quay County Fair

Just in time for Easter, the Quay County Fairboard will be cooking its famous
briskets, said Brenda Bishop of the Quay County Extension Service.

Only 130 briskets will be available and they will be sold on a first come first
serve basis, Bishop said.

Briskets will be $40 and   precooked weight will be about 10 pounds.

To reserve a brisket call Nick at Holiday Tire at 461-1184.

Proceeds will be used to cover expenses for the 2009 Quay County Fair.

Deadline to reserve a brisket is April 5.

Briskets are to be picked up  from noon to 5 p.m. on April 10 at the Quay County
Fairgrounds.

Scholarships available to Forestry Camp

The Canadian River Soil and Water Conservation District is offering two
scholarships to the New Mexico Forestry Camp, according to a press release.

Campers work with resource professions to learn about trees, streams,
archeology, insects, wild land fire, range management, wildlife, outdoor ethos,
search and rescue,  soils and geology.

Any New Mexico resident age 13 to 17 with a strong interest in the outdoors is
eligible.

About 40 forest campers will attend the five-day outdoor workshop slated for May
31 -- June 5, the release said. The camp is held at Rancho del Chaparral Scout
Camp in the Jemez Mountains near Cuba.

Applications are due April 15 and are available at the district office, 706 S.
First Street.

For more details, call  Lou Briscoe at 461-3612, ext 5.

U.S. Rep. Ben Ray Lujan to visit Quay County area Thursday

U.S. Rep. Ben Lujan will meet next with constituents to discuss issues in their
communities and items before Congress next week.

Here is Lujan's schedule in the Quay County area:

Thursday

--8:15 am -- Congress at Your Cafe, Pow Wow Cafe, 801 W. Route 66 Blvd.,
Tucumcari

--12:30 p.m.   -- Congress on Your Corner, Mosquero Courthouse,  35 Pine St.,
Mosquero

--2 p.m. -- Congress at Your Cafe, Roy Sundries Cafe, 325 Chicosa St., Roy

Deadline for rural communities to seek grant funds extended

The USDA Rural Development's Business and Cooperative Program has announced that
the deadline to apply for the Rural Business Opportunity Grant (RBOG) Program
for FY  2009 has been extended to April 30, according to a release.

Acting state director Eric Vigil said, in the release,that the old deadline did
not give potential applicants sufficient time to apply.  So, the deadline was
extended throughout the nation.

The primary objective of the RBOG Program is to promote sustainable economic
development in rural communities. This is accomplished by making grants to pay
costs for such things as economic planning for rural communities, technical
assistance for rural businesses, or training for rural entrepreneurs or economic
development officials.

The grant money is available to public bodies, nonprofits, federally recognized
tribal groups and cooperatives, the release stated.

Applications for the RBOG non-earmarked funds will not exceed $50,000 and for
multi-state projects $150,000.

Applications are due to the state's USDA Rural Development Office, Business and
Cooperative Programs, 6200 Jefferson NE, Room 255, Albuquerque, NM  87109,  no
later than 4:30 p.m. April 30. Applicants will compete nationwide for the
funding.

For more information  call (505) 761-4953, or visit the  USDA Rural Development
Programs Web site at http://www.rurdev.usda.gov.

To see more of The Quay County Sun or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.qcsunonline.com/. Copyright (c) 2009, Quay County Sun, Tucumcari,
N.M. Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: April 5, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20090404-QY-Community-Notes-Brisket-sale-Scholarships-to-Forestry-Camp-U-S-Rep-B
en-Ray-Lujan-to-visit-Grants-available-0404

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: QY


                         Copyright 2009 Quay County Sun


                             484 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            October 13, 2015 Tuesday

Washington: Heitkamp, USDA Under Secretary Visit Spirit Lake to Announce Nearly
$1 Million for Business Development

LENGTH: 962 words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Washington: Office of the Senator Heidi Heitkamp has issued the following news
release:



 U.S. Senator Heidi Heitkamp today visited the Spirit Lake Indian reservation
with U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA) Under Secretary Lisa Mensah, who
oversees rural development, to announce $973,000 in federal funding for business
development to benefit Spirit Lake.



 &ldquo;All too often, rural America and Indian Country get overlooked when
Congress is making funding decisions in Washington - but I fight every day for
the resources that I know rural and Indian communities in our state need,&rdquo;
said Heitkamp. &ldquo;The business development this federal funding will spur
not only creates economic growth and jobs - it also makes our communities
stronger. Tribal and rural areas often face unique challenges, but by passing
legislation like the Farm Bill that supports critical programs for these
communities, we can change that trajectory.&rdquo;



 &ldquo;USDA is committed to increasing economic opportunities in Native
American communities by investing in projects that will create well-paying jobs
and improve quality of life for Tribal families. This innovative reuse of an
existing building will provide affordable, attractive space for small businesses
, helping them save on operating costs and become financially secure,&rdquo;
said Mensah.



 &ldquo;The renovation will provide a needed venue for entrepreneurs to
flourish, which will ultimately help revitalize the local economy, creates jobs
in an area that really needs employment opportunities, and improves the quality
of life for the entire region. USDA is proud to partner with the Spirit Lake
community on this project. We know that North Dakota is better when we're all
pulling together,&rdquo; said Ryan Taylor, USDA Rural Development state
director.



 Spirit Lake applied for the USDA Rural Development Rural Business Development
Grant to revamp a mini-mall that sits on Highway 20 on the reservation. The
grant will help update the structure of the 12,750-square-foot mall that
currently houses Paul's Grocery and Luis Caf&eacute;. The renovation will update
the mall to work as a business incubator, with additional offices created for
businesses to rent. The incubator is geared towards entrepreneurs, which could
include students from the Business Development Center at Cankdeska Cikana
Community College.



 The federal grant builds on Heitkamp's previous work advocating for economic
growth in tribal communities in the state. In July, Heitkamp brought U.S. Small
Business Administration (SBA) Administrator Maria Contreras-Sweet to the
Standing Rock Sioux Reservation for a roundtable discussion with tribal and
business leaders on supporting economic growth in Indian Country. At the
roundtable, Heitkamp and Contreras-Sweet announced $700,000 in federal funding
to help Native Americans start small businesses and get educational training to
build a business from the ground up.



 The Rural Business Development Grant (RBDG) program funding the business
development project Heitkamp announced with Mensah today was reauthorized in the
2014 Farm Bill. It was funded at $24 million in FY2015.



 RBDG is a competitive grant designed to support targeted technical assistance,
training and other activities leading to the development or expansion of small
and emerging private businesses in rural areas. Programmatic activities are
separated into enterprise or opportunity type grant activities. RBDG funds must
be directed for projects benefitting rural areas or towns outside the urbanized
periphery of any city with a population of 50,000 or more.



 Heitkamp sits on the Indian Affairs Committee and the Agriculture Committee.
She has long championed rural development - from housing to business development
- in North Dakota's rural and Indian communities. Heitkamp's efforts include:



     Engaging the Administration on unsafe conditions in Indian Country:
Heitkamp has consistently engaged the President and federal leaders on
addressing mold issues across tribal lands. After the President and First Lady
visited Standing Rock in June 2014, Heitkamp encouraged President Obama to
improve educational conditions for children at Cannon Ball Elementary - a
learning facility battling mold, rats and a leaky roof. Shortly after, the
school was awarded technological assistance in every classroom, and President
Obama cited his visit as the impetus for his Generation Indigenous initiative to
help Native students overcome barriers to success.



     Securing investments in housing improvements: Last October, Heitkamp
brought HUD Secretary Castro to Belcourt to view the dire housing conditions on
the Turtle Mountain reservation. During the visit, Castro and Heitkamp announced
the approval of $6 million in mold remediation funding. Last month, Heitkamp
helped secure $800,000 in federal funding to support housing improvements and
mold remediation efforts for the Spirit Lake Sioux Tribe. In February, Heitkamp
announced more than $20 million in federal funding to promote safe and
affordable housing on tribal lands in North Dakota.



     Working to sustain and improve tribal housing: As a member of the Senate
Committee on Indian Affairs, Heitkamp has advocated for increased infrastructure
and financial solutions to barriers in Indian housing development. In March,
Heitkamp helped the Committee pass bipartisan legislation to reauthorize the
Native American Housing Assistance and Self-Determination Act (NAHASDA), which
supports efforts to provide safe and affordable housing to American Indians.
Heitkamp has been pushing for the reauthorization of NAHASDA since July 2013.





 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 13, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             485 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             July 22, 2014 Tuesday

Hoeven Announces $177,614 Grant to Benefit Native Americans Job Creations

LENGTH: 284  words

DATELINE: Washington


Office of the Senator John Hoeven, U.S Government has issued the following news
release:

Senator John Hoeven today announced that the Coalition of Indian Housing
Authorities of North Dakota (CIHAND) has been awarded a federal grant totaling
$177,614. The federal funding, which is awarded through the U.S. Department of
Agriculture's (USDA) Rural Business Enterprise Grant Program (RBEG), will be
used to establish a revolving loan fund to provide technical assistance to small
and emerging businesses that benefit Native Americans living on or near
reservations.

"This federal grant will help to create jobs in our rural communities and help
small businesses that provide opportunities for Native Americans in our state,"
said Hoeven. "Developing opportunities in our rural areas is important to
maintaining the high quality of life we value in North Dakota and keeping our
economy growing."

The RBEG program provides grants for a broad array of projects that support
economic development in rural communities, such as financing and facilitating
development of rural businesses, helping fund distance learning networks and
helping fund employment related adult education programs.

As a member of the Senate Agriculture Committee and a conferee on the 2014 farm
bill conference committee, Senator Hoeven helped to negotiate the final version
of the farm bill, which reauthorized funding for the RBEG program. Hoeven also
serves as a member of the U.S. Senate Appropriations Subcommittee on
Agriculture, where he is working to secure funds that empower North Dakota
communities to improve educational and economic opportunity for their residents.

For further information please visit: http://www.hoeven.senate.gov

LOAD-DATE: July 22, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             486 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             July 22, 2014 Tuesday

Hoeven Announces $177,614 Grant to Benefit Native Americans Job Creations

LENGTH: 284  words

DATELINE: Washington


Office of the Senator John Hoeven, U.S Government has issued the following news
release:

Senator John Hoeven today announced that the Coalition of Indian Housing
Authorities of North Dakota (CIHAND) has been awarded a federal grant totaling
$177,614. The federal funding, which is awarded through the U.S. Department of
Agriculture's (USDA) Rural Business Enterprise Grant Program (RBEG), will be
used to establish a revolving loan fund to provide technical assistance to small
and emerging businesses that benefit Native Americans living on or near
reservations.

"This federal grant will help to create jobs in our rural communities and help
small businesses that provide opportunities for Native Americans in our state,"
said Hoeven. "Developing opportunities in our rural areas is important to
maintaining the high quality of life we value in North Dakota and keeping our
economy growing."

The RBEG program provides grants for a broad array of projects that support
economic development in rural communities, such as financing and facilitating
development of rural businesses, helping fund distance learning networks and
helping fund employment related adult education programs.

As a member of the Senate Agriculture Committee and a conferee on the 2014 farm
bill conference committee, Senator Hoeven helped to negotiate the final version
of the farm bill, which reauthorized funding for the RBEG program. Hoeven also
serves as a member of the U.S. Senate Appropriations Subcommittee on
Agriculture, where he is working to secure funds that empower North Dakota
communities to improve educational and economic opportunity for their residents.

For further information please visit: http://www.hoeven.senate.gov

LOAD-DATE: July 25, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             487 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Deming Headlight (New Mexico)

                           November 26, 2013 Tuesday

Value-Added Producer grants available

BYLINE: For the Headlight

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 681 words


WASHINGTON >> Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack announced the availability of
nearly $10.5 million in U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA) grants to help
agricultural producers enter into value-added activities designed to give them a
competitive business edge.

"U.S. agriculture is responsible for millions of American jobs -- both directly
and indirectly," Vilsack said. "Supporting farmers and related businesses
strengthens rural economies and helps fuel innovation and product development.
It's also an important part of USDA programs that link farmers to their
communities, and it underscores the many benefits of local and regional food
systems."

USDA Rural Development State Director Terry Brunner added, "The Value Added
Producer Grant program demonstrates USDA's commitment to help an ag-producer's
small business with financial support to expand their profit margin with the
increased sale of their products. For example, the funding helps ag producers
add value to their products by funding the facility to turn tomatoes and
jalapecos into salsa, or even converting methane from animal waste to generate
energy."

The funding is being made available through the Value-Added Producer Grant
(VAPG) program. Grants are available to help agricultural producers create new
products, expand marketing opportunities, support further processing of existing
products or goods, or to develop specialty and niche products. They may be used
for working capital and planning activities. The maximum working capital grant
is $200,000; the maximum planning grant is $75,000.

Eligible applicants include independent producers, farmer and rancher
cooperatives, and agricultural producer groups. Funding priority is given to
socially disadvantaged and beginning farmers or ranchers, and to small- to
medium-size family farms, or farmer/rancher cooperatives.

The Value-Added Producer Grant program is one of many USDA programs that support
the development of strong local and regional food systems as part of the Know
Your Farmer, Know Your Food initiative. Launched in 2009, the initiative
strengthens ties between agricultural producers and their local communities,
helping meet growing consumer demand and creating opportunities for small
business development. Initiatives like this create new income opportunities for
farmers, generate wealth that will stay in rural communities, and increase
access to healthy, local foods in underserved communities. All of these actions
boost local economies.

Today's announcement comes as more than 1,400 communities nationwide gear up to
support Small Business Saturday, a day dedicated to championing small businesses
on one of the busiest shopping weekends of the year. Small Business Saturday is
this week.

Rural Development is encouraging applications from Tribal organizations as well
as applications that support regional food hubs. Applications supporting
value-added activities related to bio-based products are also encouraged.

Since 2009, the Obama Administration has provided agricultural producers with
almost $80 million in Value Added Producer Grant assistance that has supported
more than 600 innovative, value-added projects.

For example in fiscal year 2012, Preferred Produce a farm located in Luna County
received a $49,500 Value Added Producer Grant to provide a higher quality
vegetable to a much larger segment of the local population at a low cost. The
farm also provides high nutrition vegetables to local area school children. At
the same time the Preferred Produce farm provides increased food safety for its
customers by delivering fresh vegetables to its consumers within 8 hours of
harvest.

Additional examples of how VAPGs assist local and regional food producers are
available on the USDA Know Your Farmer, Know Your Food Compass, which is
searchable by zip code and key word.

Grant applications are due by Feb. 24, 2014. More information about how to apply
is available on page 70260 of the Nov. 25thhttp://gpo.gov/fdsys/pkg/FR
-2013-11-25/pdf/2013-28175.pdf Federal Register, or by contacting any USDA Rural
Development state office.

LOAD-DATE: November 27, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


          Copyright 2013 Deming Headlight, a MediaNews Group Newspaper
                              All Rights Reserved


                             488 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        The Hawk Eye (Burlington, Iowa)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           November 5, 2009 Thursday

Agency source of opportunity for development: Billions left in stimulus funds
for small communities.

BYLINE: Christinia Crippes, The Hawk Eye, Burlington, Iowa

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 690 words


Nov. 5--FORT MADISON -- Being green is easy in small communities, thanks to the
help of the U.S. Department of Agriculture's Rural Development.

Small businesses looking to become more energy efficient can get a 25 percent
discount by working with Rural Development.

The program isn't much of a secret here, as there were more than 400
applications for energy efficiency grants and loans last year in the state.

"On the national level, not enough people know about our energy efficiency
programs. ... In Iowa, that is not the case," said Bill Menner, state director
of Rural Development. "We wound up making grants and loans of, I believe, about
$30 million, which dwarfed the next largest state by far. We're national leader
in Rural Energy for America for grants and loans.

"That's because small business persons, rural producers understand the value of
energy efficiency. They want to improve their bottom line, and they've figured
it out that USDA Rural Development is an obvious partner for them."

But the program that people use to get it is still relatively unknown.

That's why Menner met with a large group of southeast Iowans Tuesday at the Ivy
Bake Shoppe and Cafe in Fort Madison to promote Rural Development.

"I know that in Washington (D.C.), people look at Iowa's performance and say,
'That's because of (Agriculture Secretary and former Iowa governor) Tom
Vilsack.' This predates Tom Vilsack," Menner said. "It's just that the Rural
Development staff and structure is the best in the country."

He said every community in southeast Iowa can access some of the programs in
Rural Development, with the exception of Burlington.

Being three months into his job, the visit also gave him the opportunity to
acquaint himself with southeast Iowa. A few regional residents shared how Rural
Development helped them.

While a couple businesses accessed a revolving loan fund, Southeast Iowa
Regional Planning Commission has acted as an intermediary between the agency and
southeast Iowa residents.

"We're there to be gap financing, the difference between the bank (loan) and the
cost as a whole," SEIRPC's Derek Stotlar told the group, adding that it
currently has 16 active loans and has loaned out more than $1.6 million since
2004.

Fort Madison business owner Matt Mohrfeld used a revolving loan fund and touted
its simplicity.

"If anyone is interested in that ... it's not a cumbersome tool," Mohrfeld said.
"Very local people worked with us on it."

While the agency is successful in energy efficiency, Menner said one program he
believes residents should use more is multi-family housing.

Housing is a big part of what Rural Development does and has done over the
years. Rural Development oversees about 40 housing programs.

"We impact the lives of thousands of Iowans by helping to provide home loans,
guaranteed loans, direct loans," Menner said. "The person who is buying that
home might know that we're involved, but in reality, their partner is the bank,
and that's OK."

He also pointed to the agency's part in community facilities, including water
and sewer and building libraries or fire stations. Menner said Rural Development
also helps create and maintain jobs through its business and industry program.

Part of Menner's push is the limited time to spend stimulus money. He said the
deadline to access money from the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act,
including more than $1 billion for water projects, is Sept. 30, 2010.

"If you are on the edge of being out of compliance with the (Department of
Natural Resources), you ought to be looking to us, because that window is going
to be closing a year from now ... and if they drag their feet, it may be 2011,
and we might have far fewer dollars than we have today," Menner said.

To see more of The Hawk Eye or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.thehawkeye.com. Copyright (c) 2009, The Hawk Eye, Burlington, Iowa
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: November 6, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20091105-QW-Agency-source-of-opportunity-for-development-1105

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: QW


                                 Copyright 2009


                             489 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               Swindon Advertiser

                             May 30, 2015 Saturday

Apply for Euro grants, businesses and organisations urged

BYLINE: Elizabeth Mackley

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 223 words


RURAL businesses and organisations across Wiltshire are encouraged to apply for
European grants designed to boost rural employment.

Wiltshire Council is urging businesses to apply to the scheme, which is part of
the EU and DEFRA funded Rural Development Programme for England, funded by the
EU and DEFRA,and is the accountable body for the available £11m of funding,
£6.2m of which will be public money.

This tranche of grants runs for five-and-a-half years until December 2020.

Fleur de Rhe-Philipe, Wiltshire Council cabinet member with responsibility for
economic development and skills, said: "This is a really valuable wave of
European funding and it's vital that we get as much benefit out of it as
possible in terms of new employment opportunities in our rural communities."

Grants will be available to support the local rural economy in farming, micro
and small enterprise employing fewer than 50 people (including farm
diversification), rural tourism/the visitor economy, forestry, rural services,
culture and heritage.

The application process is being administered by Local Action Groups, each with
a board of volunteers assessing applications to make sure the money goes to
those projects likely to create the most new rural jobs for the county.

The funds are expected to be divided into about 160 grants, with most less than
£50,000.

LOAD-DATE: June 1, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2015 NewsQuest Media Group Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             490 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                              Mid Somerset Series

                          September 10, 2015 Thursday

£8m pot to unlock farm potential

SECTION: NEWS:OTHER; Pg. 15

LENGTH: 480  words


AT the end of August, Farming Minister George Eustice announced that another
tranche of money has been made available from the "Growth Programme" for rural
businesses looking to expand and promote tourism.

The new funding is worth more than £8 million and it is hoped that it will help
unlock the potential in farming businesses across the country, but understanding
how to access such funding does not seem to be that   straightforward.

The Growth Programme provides funding to help projects in England which create
jobs and help the rural economy grow. These grants are funded by the European
Agricultural Fund for Rural Development (EAFRD).  The Rural Payments Agency
(RPA) manages the grants, working with Local Enterprise Partnerships (LEPs).

However, my concern is that the LEPs are not well equipped to manage the process
of handling these funds.  In the past similar grant schemes have been various
handled centrally by Defra and then by the Regional Development Agencies (RDAs)
and following their demise in 2010, by the newly created LEPs.

LEPs are in my view  a rather strange invention of the last government which
simply scrapped the old RDAs for ideological reasons and then left it to local
authorities and businesses to set up their own LEPs.  This has proved a
difficult task and now these bodies are being tasked with coordinating the
delivery of funds such as the EAFRD which will no doubt prove to be a big
challenge.

Having looked at the "Heart of the South West" website, which is the LEP
covering Somerset and Devon, there is no obvious reference to this latest
tranche of funding although in the August newsletter, rural businesses are
signposted to the "LEADER scheme" which is described as "one element of the
Rural Development Programme for England, funded by the EU and Defra. There is in
the region of £12 million of funding available for projects that meet the
eligibility criteria throughout most of rural Devon and Somerset, and the
funding is available until December 2020".

The website adds, "Grants will be available to support the local rural economy,
and will be particularly aimed at increasing farm productivity, developing micro
and small enterprises and farm diversification, rural tourism, rural services,
cultural and heritage activity and increasing forestry productivity."

The funding is being administered by eight Local Action Groups (LAGs), each
covering a specific area and focused on what matters most to their local
economies. For Somerset you are directed to contact www.somersetleader.org.uk
which covers the LAGs for Western Somerset; the Heart of Wessex; parts of Making
it Local; and the Levels and Moors.

If you are a farming business and  want to  get hold of some of this funding
contact the Somerset LEADER scheme in the hope that they can tell you about how
you can access these funds which have been announced by government.

LOAD-DATE: September 8, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                           Copyright 2015 Localworld
                              All Rights Reserved


                             491 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              The Bismarck Tribune

                              May 23, 2010 Sunday

Business digest - May 23, 2010

SECTION: MONEY; Pg. 1B

LENGTH: 290 words


HETTINGER - Adams County Development Corp. has been selected to receive a
$130,449 Rural Business Enterprise Grant.

The Hettinger-based group will use the grant to purchase a 4,700-square-foot
building to develop a retail business incubator that will serve approximately
five retail operators. The project is expected to create six to eight jobs.

The Rural Business Enterprise Grant Program may be used to finance and/or
develop small and emerging private business enterprises in rural areas. Grants
can be used for project planning, land acquisition and development,
transportation, infrastructure improvements, renovation or construction,
equipment purchases, working capital, establishment of revolving loan funds,
training and technical assistance.

The North Dakota Insurance Department's State Health Insurance Counseling
program is holding four free events this summer to educate consumers about
Medicare and long-term care insurance.

The Turning 65 events are aimed at helping people new to Medicare understand the
process and the options available to them. The free seminars include information
about Medicare Part D, Medicare supplements and Medicare Advantage plans.

* Bismarck's Turning 65 seminar will be held 6:30-9 p.m. June 3 at the
Doublewood Inn, 1400 E. Interchange Ave.

* Dickinson's Turning 65 seminar will be held 6:30-9 p.m. June 8 at the Days
Inn, 532 15th St. W.

* Fargo's Turning 65 seminar will be held 6:30-9 p.m. Aug. 11 at the Country Inn
and Suites, 3316 13th Ave. S.

* A new Long-Term Care Insurance 101 seminar will be held 6:30-8 p.m. July 13 at
Fargo's Country Inn and Suites, 3316 13th Ave. S.

Registration is required for all events. For more information or to register,
call 888-575-6611 or e-mail janfrank@nd.gov.

LOAD-DATE: May 24, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


       Copyright 2010 The Bismarck Tribune, a division of Lee Enterprises
                              All Rights Reserved


                             492 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            August 22, 2013 Thursday

Arkansas: USDA Seeks Applicants for Funds to Assist Rural Microentrepreneurs

LENGTH: 776  words

DATELINE: Little Rock


Arkansas Agriculture Department, The State of Arkansas has issued the following
news release:

Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack announced today the availability of loan and
grant funds to support rural microentrepreneurs and microenterprises.

"By supporting very small business enterprises through the Rural
Microentrepreneur Assistance Program, USDA has been able to direct assistance to
small firms that otherwise might not be able to obtain credit," said Vilsack.
"This program has shown that even a modest investment of federal dollars can
have a huge impact for the local economy in small towns across rural America."

Despite budget uncertainties, USDA remains focused on strengthening the rural
economy.

USDA's Rural Microentrepreneur Assistance Program (RMAP) was established under
the 2008 Farm Bill to support the development and ongoing success of rural
microentrepreneurs and microenterprises, which are defined as rural businesses
with 10 or fewer employees. About $12.2 million will be provided to eligible
applicants this year. Under the program, USDA may provide loans of up to
$500,000 to Microenterprise Development Organizations (MDOs). They, in turn,
make microloans for business start-up or development to eligible
microentrepreneurs who are unable to obtain conventional credit elsewhere.
Grants of up to $30,000 are available for MDOs to provide technical assistance
and training, particularly in rural areas that have experienced significant
outmigration. USDA does not directly provide funds to the ultimate recipients.

RMAP applications are due by September 13, 2013. More information about how to
apply is available in the August 14, 2013 Federal Register. View it here:
www.gpo.gov/fdsys/pkg/FR-2013-08-14/pdf/2013-19765.pdf, or by contacting any
USDA Rural Development state office.

RMAP funds have helped a number of small businesses since the program began. In
2010, USDA provided the Southern Illinois Coal Belt Champion Community, Inc., a
$500,000 loan and $187,000 grant to capitalize a revolving loan fund and provide
technical assistance for microbusinesses in rural southern Illinois. In the
first three years of the project, this organization has helped 16
microenterprises with direct loans totaling $650,000 that have created or saved
67 jobs. The businesses supported include medical offices, and retail,
restaurant and manufacturing operations.

Since the program began, USDA has provided 97 loans totaling more than $37
million and 124 grants totaling more than $9.5 million to 110 MDOs. These
organizations used the USDA funding to make more than 760 microloans to 712
rural microenterprises. This assistance to individual businesses has created or
saved an estimated 2,700 jobs.

Secretary Vilsack said that today's announcement is another reminder of the
importance of USDA programs, such as RMAP, for rural America. A comprehensive
new Food, Farm and Jobs Bill would further expand the rural economy, Vilsack
added, saying that's just one reason why Congress must get a comprehensive Bill
done as soon as possible.

President Obama's plan for rural America has brought about historic investment
and resulted in stronger rural communities. Under the President's leadership,
these investments in housing, community facilities, businesses and
infrastructure have empowered rural America to continue leading the way -
strengthening America's economy, small towns and rural communities.

USDA's investments in rural communities support the rural way of life that
stands as the backbone of our American values. President Obama and Agriculture
Secretary Vilsack are committed to a smarter use of Federal resources to foster
sustainable economic prosperity and ensure the government is a strong partner
for businesses, entrepreneurs and working families in rural communities.

USDA, through its Rural Development mission area, has a portfolio of programs
designed to improve the economic stability of rural communities, businesses,
residents, farmers and ranchers and improve the quality of life in rural
America. USDA has made a concerted effort to deliver results for the American
people, even as the Department implements sequestration - the across-the-board
budget reductions mandated under terms of the Budget Control Act.

USDA has already undertaken historic efforts since 2009 to save more than $828
million in taxpayer funds through targeted, common-sense budget reductions.
These reductions have put USDA in a better position to carry out its mission,
while implementing sequester budget reductions in a fair manner that causes as
little disruption as possible. `

For further information please visit: http://aad.arkansas.gov/

LOAD-DATE: August 23, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             493 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                 Crewe Guardian

                             April 14, 2009 Tuesday

£4.7m Grant For Reaseheath College

SECTION: LATEST NEWS (CREWE NEWS)

LENGTH: 404 words


REASEHEATH College in Nantwich has received a grant of £4.7million from the
Northwest Regional Development Agency (NWDA).

The grant will support the creation of an Enterprise Delivery Hub, which will
provide a pool of specialist knowledge and state of the art resources so rural
businesses can grow through better information and new technology.

The hub will provide specialist support to all rural businesses based in the
Northwest, from start-ups to international food manufacturers.

Funding from the NWDA will also cover the kitting out and refurbishment of food
halls and modern incubation kitchens.

David Hunter, head of rural development at the NWDA, said: "Rural businesses do
not have fair access or equal opportunity to the information and resources which
can develop their businesses.

"We are pleased to invest in the hub which will provide a co-ordinated service
catering for the knowledge, innovation and enterprise needs of rural businesses.

"It will also provide real opportunities for development of skills in the food
and drink industry, which is vital for the sector to grow and for sustainable
rural regeneration to take place."

The food halls will encourage people towards careers in the food and drink
industry and support the NWDA's objective to increase skills in the region.

They will also provide greater opportunities for food manufacturers and
processors to carry out product development and trials, which will enable their
businesses to diversify and grow.

The Learning and Skills Council are funding the new build of the food halls by
£2.9m.

Funding will also support two jobs in 'knowledge and technology transfer' - one
in agriculture and one in sustainability.

College principal Meredydd David said: "This investment will provide significant
specialist and technical expertise and a wonderful cutting edge facility to
support industries in the Northwest during this very difficult and challenging
recession.

"The college is delighted that the NWDA is investing in facilities and
specialist staff at our centre of excellence."

Councillor Jamie Macrae, prosperity portfolio holder for the Cheshire East
Council added: "Our rural areas employ significant numbers of people, especially
in the food and drink sector.

"We are confident that with these new incubator facilities opening in our area,
we will see many more rural folk setting up new businesses - grasping this major
opportunity at such a difficult time."

LOAD-DATE: April 14, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2009 NewsQuest Media Group Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             494 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Tribune-Review (Greensburg, PA)

                             July 9, 2008 Wednesday

County nets $350,000 grant for revitalization

BYLINE: Mark Hofmann

LENGTH: 454 words


The U.S. Department of Agriculture delivered a check Tuesday for $350,000 to
Fay-Penn Economic Development Council for downtown revitalization in Fayette
County.

Four years ago, USDA and Fay-Penn officials stood in front of Uniontown City
Hall with the announcement that $300,000 was going to be used to help revitalize
downtown.

Yesterday, they were inside Connellsville City Hall for the second round of
grant money.

The USDA presented Fay-Penn with $300,000 as a Rural Business Enterprise Grant.
The money will be used for a downtown revitalization revolving loan fund for
cities and towns located throughout Fayette County.

"We wanted to have this here today because Fayette County covers all
municipalities," said Mike Krajovic, president and chief executive officer of
Fay-Penn. "We're proud to be in Connellsville to work on this and other
projects."

Linda Yahuniak of Fay-Penn said the organization will reach out to eligible
downtown areas for building acquisition, leasehold improvements, facade and
building improvements, business start-ups, business expansions and working
capital.

Eligible cities are Uniontown and Connellsville. Eligible boroughs are Belle
Vernon, Brownsville, Dawson, Dunbar, Fairchance, Fayette City, Markleysburg,
Masontown, New Salem, Ohiopyle, Perryopolis, Point Marion, Smithfield and
Vanderbilt. Eligible villages are Hopwood and Republic.

The maximum loan amount for every project is $50,000 and for every $12,500
loaned, the applicant must commit to create and/or retain one full-time job.

"The continuation of this revolving loan fund program is crucial to the county's
economic development efforts," Yuhaniak said.

Connellsville Mayor Judy Reed said there is a need for economic stimulus in the
city.

"Downtown revitalization is so important," Reed said. "I'm real happy this is
all coming out."

Krajovic said Fay-Penn is already assisting two companies in Connellsville's
downtown district, but would not disclose the names of those businesses.

Gary Groves, state director of USDA Rural Development, said along with the Rural
Business Enterprise Grant, he provided an additional $50,000 Rural Business
Opportunity Grant that will be used to develop a county-wide strategic plan with
special emphasis on the benchmarks and strategies identified in enterprise
communities.

"That, to me is the most important part of the funding," said Krajovic.

Groves announced Fay-Penn will receive a $123,152 grant for its Fayette
Enterprise Community Program, which is designed to expand work force development
in the county.

Leo Krantz, board chairman of Fay-Penn, said the organization will put the money
to good use.

"We are an organization that can do what's put upon us to do," Krantz said.

LOAD-DATE: July 9, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                Copyright 2008 Tribune Review Publishing Company
                              All Rights Reserved


                             495 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Greensburg Daily News (Indiana)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           February 5, 2009 Thursday

EDC Grants County Chance At Economic Growth

BYLINE: Joe Hornaday, Greensburg Daily News, Ind.

SECTION: LIFESTYLE

LENGTH: 524 words


Feb. 5--The Greensburg Decatur County Economic Development Corporation (EDC)
announced in January they had received a grant through the United States
Department of Agriculture's (USDA) Intermediary Relending Program.

On Tuesday, EDC executive director Vicki Kellerman presented information about
that grant at the Decatur County Courthouse, dubbed the Small Business
Development Loan Program.

The purpose of the loan program is to facilitate development of small and
emerging business in Decatur County by providing loans and technical assistance.

The EDC and the USDA are offering it to small businesses in the form of a
revolving loan program for Decatur County businesses. The program will help
promote self-sustaining, long-term economic and community development in rural
areas. Those at the EDC hope it can also provide the much needed funds to small
businesses that banks sometimes cannot.

Potential borrowers must meet several qualifications including projected gross
revenue of less than $1 million and fewer than 50 employees. The loan must be
necessary and part of a business plan. Potential recipients must be located in a
rural area, defined in the parameters of the grant as "unincorporated areas or
incorporated cities with a population of less than 25,000."

Business owners can borrow the money as long as they are located in the county
and a U.S. citizen. The minimum loan amount is $2,000 and the maximum is
$50,000.

"It's a pretty straightforward program," Kellerman said.

A loan term will be based on the planned use of funds and the useful life of
assets to be acquired. Interest rates will be fixed for the term of the loan and
repayments will need to be made monthly.

EDC has also made arrangements for several levels of technical assistance geared
to the needs of potential borrowers. New business will be expected to
participate in a business plan development program, and to utilize available
resources of the Indiana Small Business Development Corporation in developing
their business plan. The assistance also includes helpful information on
practical business issues, including tax issues, bookkeeping and marketing.

Once filled out and filed, the applications from businesses are sent to a
committee for review and possible approval. Committee members include Don Horan,
Steve Hale, Chris Harrison, Shawn Storms, Robert Wickins and Vicki Kellerman.

"This is the first time for a revolving loan fund for the whole county,"
Kellerman said. "We think that's a very positive thing. We really want the
people we loan the money to be successful."

Those seeking more information or an application can contact Vicki Kellerman or
Natasha Nobbe Kellerman at 812-222-2520 or e-mail nkellerman@edcgdc.com

To see more of the Greensburg Daily News or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.greensburgdailynews.com/. Copyright (c) 2009, Greensburg Daily News,
Ind. Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: February 6, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20090205-GD-EDC-Grants-County-Chance-At-Economic-Growth-0205

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: GD


                                 Copyright 2009


                             496 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              Silver City Sun-News

                             March 15, 2004 Monday

Grant will help women and minority business group

BYLINE: ,Silver City Sun-News

SECTION: Pg. 5A

LENGTH: 590 words


Sun-News report

U.S. Rep. Tom Udall, D-NM, announced this week that the Women's Economic
Self-Sufficiency Team (WESST Corp.) is being awarded $368,211 to help facilitate
the start-up and growth of women and minority-owned businesses. The funding is
from the U.S. Department of Agriculture's Rural Development office.

Udall said WESST Corp. will use the funding for the Grant County Cooperative
Ownership Development Corporation in Silver City to offer quality
microenterprise training to women and minority entrepreneurs and to expand the
capacity of the Ancient Storytellers Learning Center, serving the eight Northern
Pueblos, Dine be'iina, Inc., serving the Navajo Nation.

WESST Corp. provides business skills training, product marketing and development
opportunities, as well as financial assistance to viable start-up or growing
businesses throughout the state.

"WESST Corp. is growing New Mexico one small business at a time," Udall said.
"This program helps to encourage and support locally based entrepreneurship,
with the result of creating jobs, strengthening local economies and contributing
to long-term self-sufficiency. More than 20 communities in the state will
benefit from this important federal grant."

Specifically, WESST Corp. will expand its MARKETLINK program to the centers,
Udall noted. MARKETLINK is an intensive training program aimed at substantially
increasing profits and revenues for entrepreneurs. The project, aimed at helping
low and moderate income entrepreneurs market their products more effectively, is
targeted to women and minorities. Udall said the goal is to help entrepreneurs
increase their annual sales income by 50 percent through business training and
individual consultation.

"WESST Corp. has proven to be a very good conduit for helping women and men
become business owners, giving them the technical assistance and advice to make
a realistic goal of owning and operating a successful small business," said U.S.
Sen. Pete Domenici, R-NM. "I'm very glad to see WESSTCorp get this funding to
expand further into rural areas."

"WESST Corp. clients have benefited tremendously from our MARKETLINK program,"
said Agnes Noonan, executive director of WESST Corp. "The grant from USDA will
facilitate train-the-trainer activities in rural areas so that local communities
build their own capacity to serve rural entrepreneurs long into the future."

WESST Corp. is headquartered in Albuquerque and primarily serves low-income
clients, including outreach to rural clients through its regional offices in
Farmington, Las Cruces, Roswell, Santa Fe, and Taos, and a satellite office on
the Navajo Nation. It is a participating organization in the Aspen Institute's
MICROTEST program and has had U.S. Small Business Administration funding since
1989.

WESST Corp. serves approximately 350 clients annually and an additional 1,500
individuals attend some type of training. In 1990, the center established a
revolving loan fund and has made about 250 loans totaling over $1 million, with
an average loan size of $3,043. WESST Corp.'s core programs are business
consulting, training and financial assistance.

USDA Rural Development serves as the lead federal entity for rural development
needs, and administers program assistance through three agencies, including the
Rural Housing Service, Rural Business-Cooperative Service and Rural Utilities
Service. Further information on USDA Rural Development programs can be obtained
by visiting USDA's web site at www.rurdev.usda.gov.

LOAD-DATE: November 10, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 2004 Silver City Sun-News
                              All Rights Reserved


                             497 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             August 22, 2014 Friday

Utah: Rural Economic Development Loan and Grant Program (REDLG)

LENGTH: 230  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Sponsor  USDA Rural Development
Deadlines  Applications accepted on an ongoing basis
Contact

A list of Rural Development State Office contacts is available on the USDA
website.
Purpose

The Rural Economic Development Loan and Grant Program (REDLG) is designed to
promote rural economic development and job creation projects.

REDLG provides funding to rural projects through local utility organizations.
Examples of eligible projects include:

Facilities and equipment for medical care to rural residents
    Telecommunications/computer networks for distance learning or long distance
medical care
    Capitalization of revolving loan funds
    Technical assistance in conjunction with projects funded under a zero
interest REDLoan
    Business Incubators
    Community Development Assistance to non-profits and public bodies
(particularly job creation or enhancement)
    Facilities and equipment for education and training for rural residents to
facilitate economic development

Eligibility

Loans and grants may be made to any entity that is identified by USDA Rural
Development as an eligible borrower under the Rural Electrification Act.
Geographic
coverage  Nationwide
Amount of
funding

Award Ceiling: $2,000,000
Award Floor: $300,000

For further information please visit: http://www.raconline.org/

LOAD-DATE: August 22, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             498 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     Deseret Morning News (Salt Lake City)

                           August 31, 2005 Wednesday

Application deadline set Oct. 1 for rural projects

LENGTH: 162 words


The Governor's Office of Economic Development is asking rural counties to submit
applications for projects to develop small-business incubators or infrastructure
needed for local economic development.

Funding is through the Business Development for Disadvantaged Rural Communities
Grant Program created through legislation passed during the general session this
year.

Based on recommendations from the Governor's Rural Partnership Board, projects
to develop small-business incubators will have the highest priority.

A total of $250,000 is available for grants this year. Though small-business
incubators will have the highest priority, applications for infrastructure such
as telecommunications lines, roads, water lines and facilities are also eligible
for consideration.

The application deadline is Oct. 1. Applications must be submitted online using
a form available at rural.utah.gov. A pre-application conference is scheduled
for 1 p.m. Sept. 7 at 324 S. State, Suite 500.

LOAD-DATE: August 31, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2005 The Deseret News Publishing Co.


                             499 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                        Western Morning News (Plymouth)

                               September 13, 2001

More premises ready in Cornwall

SECTION: SPORT: ANGLING, Pg.1

LENGTH: 257 words


SEVEN new rural business units are due to open in Liskeard this month.

The premises are being converted from a range of redundant stone barns at
Trewolland Farm - less than two miles from the centre of the Cornish town.

The units, which range in size from 450 to 1,200 sq ft will provide space for up
to 30 people, and meet an increasing demand for small business units in the
Caradon district.

Trewolland and the adjacent Tregartha Farm are run by the Martin and Melhuish
families whose connections with them go back over one hundred years.

"Like many other farmers we were faced with a dramatic downturn in profitability
mainly due to the fall in milk prices," explained Alison Melhuish.

"So we were looking for ways in which the business could generate other sources
of income in order to remain viable as a family farm.

"These old buildings at Trewolland were totally redundant and so were ripe for
conversion and a new lease of life."

They succeeded in gaining grant funding from Business Link's Rural Development
Capital Grant Scheme, an Objective 5b project which has been replaced in
Cornwall and the Isles of Scilly with the Objective One Rural Diversification
Capital Grant Initiative.

Business Link also provided business planning and other support, with grant
advice from business development consultants ADAS Rural Property Services.

Already two units are let, with much interest being shown in the remainder.

For information on the business units call Jefferys estate agents, of Liskeard,
on 01579 342400.

LOAD-DATE: September 13, 2001

LANGUAGE: English

                      Copyright 2001 Western Morning News


                             500 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                  Hawick News

                            February 8, 2016 Monday

£3 million fund for local communities open for applicants

LENGTH: 272  words


The Scottish Borders LEADER fund is now open, with almost £3million available
for economic, community and environmental development in rural areas.

Following community consultation, the Scottish Borders LEADER Local Development
Strategy has been devised, focusing on enterprising communities'.

The strategy aims to support small and micro rural businesses, farm
diversification projects and social enterprises in the key rural Borders sectors
of tourism, food and drink, creative industries and renewables. The aim is to
develop people and jobs, improve community networks, foster leadership and
expand skills and training opportunities.

Councillor Stuart Bell, SBC's executive member for economic development, said:
"LEADER funding is excellent news for the Borders as it will help to strengthen
our economy by enabling the development of sustainable, innovative businesses
and community projects that will create jobs and skills training for people in
rural areas."

It is expected that the fund will award the first grants in June.  Decisions are
made by the Local Action Group, 19 people from local business and community
organisations, including public sector representatives.

The new Scottish Borders LEADER fund offers Community and Co-operation Projects
Funding of £2million, with grants between £5,000 and £150,000.

£400,000 is set aside for Rural Business Funding  with grants between £5,000 and
[#x20ac]70,000 or £50,000, whichever is the smaller.

Farm Diversification Projects have been allocated £400,000,  with grants between
£5,000 and [#x20ac]70,000 or £50,000, whichever is the smaller. There is a
maximum of 50 per cent funding.

LOAD-DATE: February 8, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: SBHN


                       Copyright 2016 Johnston Press Plc
                              All Rights Reserved
