
                              501 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                Tamworth Herald

                                 April 12, 2012
                                   Edition 1;
                                National Edition

Lots of bricks in the wall for this massive community offering

BYLINE: Bobby Bridge

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 47

LENGTH: 311 words


production together.

They will be joined by top professional Pink Floyd tribute band Floydian Slip
who will be performing throughout the production to THE BIGGEST community arts
project ever in Tamworth is nearing and residents are being urged to book
tickets to avoid disappointment.

Pink Floyd's musical work "The Wall" is the inspiration behind the four-day
event taking place at Tamworth Assembly Rooms.

Beginning on Tuesday, June 5, Arts Connects and Fired Up Theatre are combining
to bring to life the narrative with permission from Pink Floyd.

Using the group's classic music, with a new narrative brought up to date by
Simon Quinn, The Wall is set on a fictitious housing estate somewhere in the
West Midlands and explores contemporary themes including anti-social behaviour,
poverty, unemployment, social deprivation, peer pressure and racism.

It will all be backed by Pink Floyd's classic soundtrack.

The project is Tamworth's Cultural Olympiad offering for 2012 and has brought
together people from all ages and communities across Tamworth, including groups
of people who would not normally work together.

People from all across Tamworth with skills including acting, mime,
storytelling, dance, poetry, rapping, graffiti art, puppetry, music, stage
fighting, film, projection, costumes, set design and props are already hard at
work putting the create a polished performance, not only for Floyd fans but for
anyone with an interest in music and theatre.

The project is being funded and supported by Fired Up Theatre, Arts Connects,
Staffordshire Community Wellbeing Fund, Tamworth Arts Grants Scheme, Tamworth
Community Safety Partnership, Staffordshire Local Community Fund and
Staffordshire County Council's Arts Grants Scheme. Tickets for The Wall are
available from the Tourist Information Centre in Corporation Street or by
calling the box office on 01827 709618.

LOAD-DATE: April 12, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Youngsters who are taking part in "The Wall" at Tamworth Assembly Rooms
take a bow.
The Wall project.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: TAH


                    Copyright 2012 Northcliffe Media Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              502 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                Sentinel & Enterprise (Fitchburg, Massachusetts)

                           February 25, 2016 Thursday

Leominster High, Monty Tech, Nashoba Tech receiving workforce skills equipment
grants

BYLINE: Sentinel & Enterprise

SECTION: BREAKING

LENGTH: 474 words


BOSTON - Leominster High School, Monty Tech and Nashoba Tech are among 35 high
schools, community colleges or training providers sharing $9.3 million in state
grants for purchases that connect Massachusetts students and residents to jobs
in high-demand industries.

Gov. Charlie Baker on Thursday announced the grants, which will allow the
schools to use the money for workforce training and equipment purchases.

The grants include:

* $227,236 that will allow Leominster High School's Center for Technical
Education innovation to revamp its machine technology and heating, ventilation,
air conditioning and refrigeration programs by purchasing new advanced milling
machines, and by purchasing simulation systems to support education in clean
energy technologies, including solar and geothermal energy.

* $136,412 for Montachusett Regional Vocational Technical School to launch a new
program in veterinary science, training students in STEM programming, and
allowing students to earn no-cost college credits at Becker College.

* $500,000 for Nashoba Valley Technical School in Westford to expand its
advanced manufacturing career programming, and will provide additional training
for veterans and people who are chronically unemployed.

"Workforce skills education and training plays an enormous role in economic and
personal development by helping residents acquire the skills they need to
connect with promising careers," Baker said in a statement announcing the
grants. "These vocational-technical education equipment grants will help build
stronger communities and a more competitive business environment that ensures
more residents have the skills they need to succeed in and support the
commonwealth's economic future."

The Workforce Skills Capital Grant Program is a new initiative of the Governor's
Workforce Skills Cabinet, which seeks to align education, workforce and economic
development strategies across the state. Labor and Workforce Development
Secretary Ronald Walker II, Education Secretary James Peyser, and Housing and
Economic Development Secretary Jay Ash are tasked with developing policies to
improve economic and job training opportunities.

The Workforce Skills Cabinet consolidated two capital grant programs - the
former Manufacturing Training Equipment grants (administered by the Executive
Office of Housing and Economic Development) and the former Vocational
Opportunity Challenge grants (administered by the Executive Office for
Administration and Finance) - into one.

The inaugural round of the Workforce Skills Capital Grant program received 68
applications, requesting a total of $18 million in funding.

Baker's proposed economic development legislation requests an additional $75
million in capital authorization for additional training equipment grants that
strengthen workforce skills, and create strong employment pipelines.

LOAD-DATE: February 26, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


      Copyright 2016 MediaNews Group, Inc. and Mid-States Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              503 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                          The Mirror (Pahrump, Nevada)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                February 2, 2012

Community Assessment - Infrastructure

BYLINE: The Mirror staff

LENGTH: 859  words


This article is the fourth installment of a series on the Town of Pahrump
Community Assessment Draft Report.

Infrastructure was a major topic of the community assessment that was" released
at a public meeting on January 17 at the Pahrump Nugget Hotel and Casino. Every
listening session brought out comments from residents on the lack of
infrastructure in Pahrump and how that impacts the community. The community
assessment draft stated that infrastructure includes utilities, roads, lighting,
sidewalks, industrial parks, broadband access and public transportation
services. According to Pahrump residents, the lack of infrastructure is a major
deterrent to bringing businesses into the area. The assessment noted that the
size of Pahrump, at approximately 365 square miles, makes it difficult and
expensive to build an infrastructure. Also noted in the assessment is a need for
a comprehensive master plan to address the lack of infrastructure. The assessors
felt that without a master plan, any new development would add more complexity
to existing issues.

According to the assessment, many roads in Pahrump are in bad shape and the
Blagg Rd. collapse and closure was mentioned repeatedly. The intersection of
Mesquite Rd. and Hwy. 160 was considered particularly dangerous due to the
traffic from the Corrections Corporation of America detention facility. The
recommendation made in the assessment is to either add a stoplight or a four-way
stop at the intersection of Hwy. 160 and Mesquite Rd. to address the problem.

Also noted in many comments was that the lack of sidewalks and streetlights made
the roads unsafe, particularly for pedestrians and cyclists. Residents voiced
strong support for handicapped accessible sidewalks. The assessment team
recommended that Pahrump determine if it is eligible for a Community Development
Block Grant for funding to build sidewalks. According to the report, 51 percent
or more of the community households must be of low or moderate income to be
eligible for possible block grants. Competition is high for block grant funding
and while it is late to apply for the 2012 grant year, the recommendation is
that Pahrump begin working on the income determination for the 2013 grant year.

Another challenge faced by Pahrump addressed in the assessment is the fact that
the valley has three private utility companies, which makes expansion costs too
expensive and complicated. The two water utilities do not interconnect and there
are notable differences in charges between the two for the same service. The
assessment recommendation is to work with these private companies to be more
business friendly and cooperate together.

Onpublictransportation, the assessment identifies the lack of public
transportation within the valley and also between Pahrump and the Las Vegas
Valley as a problem. As many Pahrump residents commute from Pahrump to Las
Vegas, the assessment recommendation is to study whether or not a limited
inter-valley service would be possible.

The report continued noting that Pahrump residents felt the valley broadband
coverage was spotty and in certain areas, only slow dial up connections were
available. The assessors recommended Pahrump work with Connect Nevada, which
provides technical assistance and planning support to rural Nevada counties in
expanding broadband infrastructure.

The lack of a local airport was another issue identified in the assessment
report. Many businesses and high end tourists prefer to fly to their destination
and the lack of an airport has apparently made attracting these groups
difficult. The report also noted recent moves by Pahrump to use hotel tax funds
to match Federal Aviation Association funds for the development of the airport.

According to the assessment, there are no identified industrial parks with
access to good roads with industrial space and utilities already in place. This
lack makes it difficult for businesses to relocate to Pahrump as most light and
heavy industry need access to building or warehouse space, good roads that
connect to interstate highways and utilities already installed.

The assessment team did find positive attributes in Pahrump such as a large
amount of land that could provide some flexibility in planning for
infrastructure and industrial parks. It was also noted that the single electric
utility in the community, Valley Electric Association, is a cooperative and is a
not for profit power company. Also noted by the assessment is the incredible
array of talent in Pahrump that could be enlisted in community efforts.

The final and most important recommendations by the assessment team are for the
community to resolve its governance issues and work together to create a master
plan.

Resource team members Michael Guss, project manager with the Western Nevada
Development District and Tom Stephens, area director of the USDA's Rural
Development, Nevada office created the infrastructure assessment.

Contact author Belinda Hendrickson by emailing belinda. themirror@gmail. com.

"According to the assessment, there are no identified industrial parks with
access to good roads with industrial space and utilities already in place."

LOAD-DATE: March 16, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Community

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: PAH

                      Copyright 2012 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                  Copyright 2012 The Mirror (Pahrump, Nevada)


                              504 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                    Prince George Citizen (British Columbia)

                             July 3, 2010 Saturday
                                 Final Edition

Brain injured group launches new website

BYLINE: Sarah Makowsky, The Citizen

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 4

LENGTH: 311  words


With the help of Concept Design, the Northern Brain Injury Association (NBIA) is
launching a new website on Monday.

"Concept Design has not only designed but donated the cost of developing our
brand new NBIA web site," said NBIA co-ordinator Carmen Jose.

NBIA connects survivors and family members with services in their local
communities and offers support groups.

They also connect families and survivors to support groups via teleconferencing
if they can't physically attend a support group.

Due to lack of services in rural and remote Northern B.C. communities, NBIA was
formed in 2002 by the three major brain injury associations in Northern B.C.
(Bulkley Valley Brain Injury Association, P.G. Brain Injured Group, and the
Peace Country Society for Acquired Brain Injury).

NBIA focuses on prevention and education programs in smaller communities due to
the disproportionate rates of brain injury in the north in comparison to
counterparts in the south. In some communities the risk of injury is five times
greater.

With a small grant from the Rick Hansen Foundation, a facilitator base has been
built to include Kitimat, Terrace, Fort St. James, Quesnel, McBride, Fort St.
John and Fort Nelson.

This website has connected all of these communities with their local
facilitators.

The facilitators have been given a venue to share ideas and materials for
presentations and survivors and family members have access to information on a
site geared for the north.

This site provides NBIA with a presence on the Internet that wouldn't have been
attainable without Concept Design, said Jose.

"Austyn Philpot, Vince Scott and Dan Dennis have donated countless hours of
designing this site and training me on how to update it to save us the cost of
web site management in the future," said Jose, "This is a donation with
immeasurable value to us."

The new website is at www.nbia.ca.

LOAD-DATE: July 5, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2010 Prince George Citizen
                              All Rights Reserved


                              505 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                         Telegraph Herald (Dubuque, IA)

                            July 29, 2009 Wednesday

Society plans port plaza

BYLINE: Kim Norvell TH staff writer knorvell@wcinet.com

SECTION: A; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 648 words


Historical Society earns $119,788 matching grant The Institute of Museum and
Library Services has awarded a $119,788 matching grant to the Dubuque County
Historical Society through the Museums for America grant program for the Mathias
Ham House. "These funds will help the Dubuque County Historical Society make
sure that these treasures will live on for future generations to continue to
enjoy," said U.S. Sen. Chuck Grassley in a press release issued Tuesday. The
Dubuque County Historical Society will use the funds to help provide for the
planning, inventory, security, packing and orderly move of the collection in
2010, as well as ongoing inventory, cataloging and management of the collection.

A digitized sampling of frequently handled or extremely fragile artifacts will
be posted online and this pilot digitization will be evaluated by the Dubuque
County Historical Society to assess the feasibility of a more comprehensive
digitization in the future. The Museums for America grant program supports
projects and ongoing activities that build museums' capacity to serve their
communities by advancing the institution's mission and strategic goals. More
than $1 million in grant money would help fund a plaza linking the National
Mississippi River Museum & Aquarium and the planned Great Rivers Center in the
next phase of Dubuque riverfront development. The Dubuque County Historical
Society has applied for a $1.3 million grant from Vision Iowa's River
Enhancement Community Attraction & Tourism program. The funding only is
available to projects that directly connect the community to the river. The
Dubuque City Council has adopted a resolution of support for the Historical
Society to submit its conceptual design to Vision Iowa. The proposed Mississippi
Plaza is an eco-park with six major elements, said Jerry Enzler, executive
director of the Dubuque County Historical Society. The main attraction would be
a water feature that is heated through geothermal energy. The attraction would
flow out of the Great Rivers Center - the planned expansion of the museum slated
to open in 2010 - and have warm- water species, feeding stations and a Huck Finn
boat ride for children. The plaza design also includes a boat pavilion, which
would be representative of an Ice Harbor historic boat house from the 1880s,
Enzler said. The plaza would feature terrace dining, a reflection garden, a
pavilion and a dancing-waters play area. "We do think that this is perhaps the
right solution for our dilemma, which was how to connect the two museum areas
and how to make something that's truly interesting and exciting, and we think
this can be the next great gem along the riverwalk because this place teaches
about ecology, about water and environment, teaches about history and is a nice
family place," Enzler said. Although the plan is in its conceptual stages, Mayor
Roy Buol said he is supportive of the grant application. Enzler said the
Historical Society hopes to use funding from the Port of Dubuque/Riverfront
Marina Project as the city's match for the grant. Councilwoman Karla Braig said
she supported the plaza design but pointed out that the council has not yet
approved a location for the Port of Dubuque transient boat docks, which would
provide an up-to-five-day docking point for boaters who are traveling or living
on the river. "I think any time we can use something to leverage more money for
the museum, I think we've got to do it," Braig said. "I think that it's a good
thing to vote for tonight, but I'm also cautioning that we have not had a debate
at this table about the final disposition of anything in that harbor." The City
Council is expected to vote on the location soon. Enzler said Historical Society
officials understand the complexity of the issue, but said if the transient
docks aren't approved for the Ice Harbor they will find other sources of
funding.

LOAD-DATE: June 18, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2009 Woodward Communications, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              506 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       Eureka Times Standard (California)

                              May 31, 2015 Sunday

Teens aim to 'Change the World'

BYLINE: By Heather Shelton

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 604 words


Seniors at Fortuna High School have been participating this year in a "Change
the World" project, which encourages them to connect with their passions and
interests to help improve the community.

"The Change the World project empowers students to believe in their own ability
to take their place in the world and change it for the better," said Amy Conley,
a Fortuna High English teacher who started the program six years ago with
students in her Advanced Placement English Literature class. Change the World
has since expanded to a whole school project. Next year, it will be implemented
throughout the district.

This year, students have been involved in 60 different philanthropic activities,
Conley said. For example, students Areisy Cortes and Karen Vielma have been
mentoring bilingual kindergartners at South Fortuna Elementary twice a week.
Michaela Barros and Mirella Herrera made Valentines and served a Mother's Day
tea for the seniors at the Fortuna Rehabilitation and Wellness Center. Makenzie
Ober has been working with her mentor, art teacher Daniel Holmes, to create a
mural next to the school garden. Tristan Schlotzhauer created a compost shredder
for the school's composting program, while Alan Cuautle-Palafox, Amanda Arneson
and Angie Gearheart have been gathering food scraps each day from the cafeteria
and culinary arts program to compost.

"The compost feeds the school garden run by Katie Holland and Coleen Sandberg
that provides vegetables to the cafeteria and culinary arts program," Conley
said.

In all, students have donated 2,115 hours of time to the community through
Change the World this year.

Change Â» Page 2

"They've coached youth sports teams, cleaned rivers, taught art to kids,
advocated for legislative change, and made our world a better place," Conley
said.

Seniors start thinking about their Change the World projects in September when
they learn from school staff about the project parameters. Next, community
members and former participants give classroom presentations to help the
teenagers brainstorm project ideas and coach them on how to connect their
passions to their strengths. By November, students are practicing formal letter
and proposal writing and beginning to make contact with their community mentors.

In January, the students write formal proposals for their projects to the
principal, project coordinator, and their community mentor. Students begin their
projects in February.

While working on their projects, the teens are also honing their speaking skills
and starting to prepare for a final presentation about their project, which
takes place in May at the Change the World Community Showcase. This year,
several hundred people attended the Community Showcase, which took place May 19
at the Multi-Generational Center in Fortuna.

"This required project for all seniors at Fortuna High is their culminating
project," said Conley, "showing what they have learned and what they can
accomplish."

More students are now able to participate in the Change the World project thanks
to a two-year, $17,000 grant from the California Teachers Association Institute
for Teaching. The grant has allowed the project to become yearlong instead of a
semester, to spread to local middle schools and to expand to East High School
and Academy of the Redwoods.

"The students' projects are designed to be low-cost and, for the most part, pay
for themselves," Conley said. "The grant pays for the Community Showcase event,
writing the expanded curriculum, connecting local elementary schools, and some
projects that directly benefit the school community for this year and next."

Change

From Page 1

LOAD-DATE: May 31, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2015 Times - Standard
                              All Rights Reserved


                              507 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       TELEGRAM & GAZETTE (Massachusetts)

                           January 18, 2006 Wednesday
                                  ALL EDITIONS

BUSINESS BRIEFS

SECTION: BUSINESS; BUSINESS BRIEFS; Pg. E4

LENGTH: 584 words

DATELINE: MARLBORO


Stock purchase

Drug developer Sepracor Inc. said yesterday it has completed the second $10
million purchase of ACADIA Pharmaceuticals Inc. common stock in connection with
a research-and-development collaboration the two companies formed a year ago to
develop new drug candidates.

San Diego-based ACADIA is working on the treatment of central nervous system
disorders, and part of the collaboration includes an option for Sepracor to
select a preclinical compound from ACADIA's program for use in combination with
Sepracor's commercially available Lunesta insomnia drug.

Job survey

BOSTON - Jobs requiring an associate's degree or more surpassed jobs with lower
educational requirements for the first time in three years in a job vacancy
survey released by the state Department of Workforce Development.

Of 72,000 jobs posted during the second quarter of 2005, 42 percent required an
associate's degree or a higher educational degree, and 39 percent required a
high school or vocational school degree.

One year earlier, 40 percent of open jobs required associate's degrees or
higher, and 44 percent required high school or vocational degrees.

The survey polled more than 6,000 employers, the state reported in a news
release. Job openings increased in 14 of 17 industrial sectors, and the job
vacancy rate increased to 2.6 percent from 2 percent the year before, the state
said. The majority of employers said they plan to maintain their job levels, and
the hiring outlook was brightest in the Boston area.

Accion assistance

WORCESTER - The TD Banknorth Charitable Foundation has made a two-year, $20,000
grant award to microlender Accion USA.

The grant was made at an event yesterday at Boomer's Sub & Deli, 93 Highland
St., whose owner, Jose Cruz, updated his store equipment with the help of a
$7,000 Accion loan.

It is the fourth consecutive year that TD Banknorth Charitable Foundation has
awarded a grant to Accion. The money will enable Accion, a private nonprofit
that provides financial services to low- and moderate-income entrepreneurs, to
increase lending to small businesses in the Worcester, Lawrence and Lowell
areas.

Nurse Connect

WORCESTER - Fallon Community Health Plan yesterday launched a 24-hour telephone
service called Nurse Connect.

The service will allow health plan members to seek information from registered
nurses and other health care professionals during nonoffice hours about specific
conditions.

Next month, members will be able to access the same resource by e-mail.

The telephone and e-mail resource will provide personal education and support,
help in making healthy decisions, educational material relevant to a diagnosis
or condition, and help with finding additional health information online, the
health plan said.

Fallon Community Health Plan has contracted with Boston-based Health Dialog to
provide the service.

The phone number for Nurse Connect is (800) 609-6175; (TDD/TTY: 800-848-0160).

Panel appointee

BOSTON - John Jesensky of Bolton has been appointed by Gov. Mitt Romney to the
state Labor Relations Commission.

The commission enforces collective-bargaining laws for state and municipal
employees and investigates charges filed by employees, unions and employers
alleging violations of the law.

Mr. Jesensky, who will serve as chairman, joined the commission from the state's
human resources division, where he had served as director of employee relations
since July 1998.

He has worked in human resources for the state since 1983 and is a graduate of
Framingham State College.

LOAD-DATE: January 19, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2006 Worcester Telegram & Gazette, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              508 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                  Public Opinion (Chambersburg, Pennsylvania)

                            December 2, 2014 Tuesday

Kensington Heights sewer project awarded funding

BYLINE: Staff report

SECTION: NEWS; Local

LENGTH: 396 words


CHAMBERSBURG &GT;&GT; Five homeowners in Kensington Heights can expect some
financial help in paying to connect to the Hamilton Township Municipal Authority
sewer system.

The state has approved $85,000 in Community Development Block Grant funds for
low- to moderate-income households connecting to public sewer in the original
section of Kensington Heights located in Letterkenny Township.

Just five of the 46 homeowners qualify.

Homeowners protesting the sewer extension had hoped for assistance to help all
families cover the estimated one-time costs of $12,000 or more.

HTMA responded in December to public outcry and suspended the project, but a
month later the Pennsylvania Department of Environmental Protection told the
authority that the project must be completed by the end of 2017.

The authority is expected to pay about $535,000 for the extension. A homeowner
must pay a $2,000 connection fee and buy a grinder pump and tank, then pay to
connect them to the authority's sewer mains. The homeowner also will pay for the
cost of electricity and maintenance of the pump.

HTMA will extend sewer to homes along Kensington Drive, Sheffield Drive, Peach
Street, and a portion of Funk and Lawyers roads. The extension to Old Kensington
Heights was first proposed about 25 years ago, but action was not taken until
last year.

The grant from Pennsylvania Department of Community and Economic Development
would allow five low- to moderate income households to apply for up to $17,000
each to connect to the HTMA system.

A DCED spokesperson said the funding has been approved but a contract has yet to
be executed. Franklin County commissioners on Thursday are to approve the grant
agreement, which will be reviewed by DCED.

HTMA previously had applied for $500,000 in competitive CDBG money, but DCED
determined that the project did not meet the "urgent need" requirements for a
statewide CDBG competitive grant. The state suggested that the county revise its
application to target low- to moderate-income families.

The county did not allocate any of its 2014 CDBG entitlement funds toward the
project because officials were anticipating the state would award the $85,000
competitive grant.

More than half of the households in the project area would have to be low- to
moderate-income in order for all homes to qualify for the grant funding.

HTMA officials could not be immediately reached.

LOAD-DATE: December 2, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2014 Public Opinion
                              All Rights Reserved


                              509 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           December 22, 2015 Tuesday

Regulatory update: California Public Utilities Commission;California Public
Utilities , has submitted (T-17503) T-17503_Res-F_California Advanced Services
Fund_Connect Anza Project

LENGTH: 5938  words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Sacramento: California Public Utilities Commission has issued the following
document (Final Resolution):



 Resolution T-17503 Date of Issuance: December 21, 2015

 CD/WG1

 156883679

 PUBLIC UTILITIES COMMISSION OF THE STATE OF CALIFORNIA

 Communications Division

 RESOLUTION T-17503

 Broadband, Policy and Analysis Branch

 DATE December 17, 2015

 R E S O L U T I O N

 Resolution T-17503: Approval of funding for the grant application of Anza
Electric Cooperative, Inc. from the California Advanced Services Fund (CASF) in
the amount of $2,662,450 for the Connect Anza Project, located in a CASF
"priority area."

 __________________________________________________________________

 I. Summary

 This Resolution approves funding in the amount of $2,662,450 from the
California Advanced Service Fund (CASF) in response to the grant application
from Anza Electric Cooperative, Inc.

(AEC) which proposes to install a fiber-to-the-premises (FTTP) system in the
unincorporated communities of Anza, Aguanga, Lake Riverside Estates, and Reed
Valley in Western Riverside County (Connect Anza Project). The Connect Anza
Project will extend 50 Mbps and above broadband service to approximately 3,751
households spread over 213 square miles in the Anza Valley at a cost of $710 per
household in CASF subsidies. The Anza Valley is located 13 miles south of
Idyllwild, approximately 35 miles southwest of Palm Springs and 120 miles
southeast of Los Angeles. The Connect Anza project will also provide substantial
safety and health benefits including, but not limited to, resilient high
capacity broadband infrastructure that will provide access to e-health services
and voice service that will meet all safety standards, including E911.

 II. Background

 On December 20, 2007, the California Public Utilities Commission, in Decision
(D.) 07-12-054, established the CASF program as a two-year program to provide
funds for the deployment of broadband infrastructure in unserved and underserved
areas in California.

 Resolution T-17503

 CD/WG1

 2

 On September 25, 2010, Governor Schwarzenegger signed Senate Bill (SB) 1040,1
which codified the CASF program and expanded it to include three accounts: (1)
the Infra-structure Grant Account, (2) the Consortia Grant Account, and (3) the
Revolving Loan Account. The latter two accounts are intended to address the
needs that were unmet under the original CASF program. SB 1040 also expanded the
CASF fund from $100 million to $225 million, adding $100 million to the
Infrastructure Grant Account and allocating $10 million and $15 million to the
Consortia Grant Account and the Revolving Loan Account, respectively.2

 On February 1, 2012, the Commission approved D.12-02-015 to implement new
guidelines for the Infrastructure Grant and Revolving Loan Accounts. Key
provisions of the decision include:

 [#xf0b7] A maximum CASF grant award of 70 percent of project costs for unserved
areas and 60 percent for underserved areas; and,

 [#xf0b7] A definition of an underserved area, "where broadband is available,
but no wireline or wireless facilities-based provider offers service at
advertised speeds of at least 6 megabits per second (Mbps) downstream and 1.5
Mbps upstream (6 Mbps /1.5 Mbps)."

 Subsequently, on June 26, 2014, the Commission approved Resolution T-17443,
which (relevant to this resolution) opened the CASF Broadband Infrastructure
Grant Account to new applications as of December 1, 2014, and offered existing
providers a "right of first refusal" to upgrade service in unserved and
underserved areas.3

 On July 16, 2015, AEC submitted an application for CASF funding to bring
symmetrical 50 Mbps and above broadband service to the homes and businesses of
the unincorporated communities of Anza, Aguanga, Lake Riverside Estates, and
Reed Valley via a FTTP connection. No existing provider made a commitment to
upgrade service before the November 1, 2014, "first refusal" deadline. Because
of this, CD determined the proposed project area to be "underserved" and
eligible for new applications.

 1 Stats. 2010, c. 317, codified at Public Utilities (P.U.) Code § 281

 2 P.U. Code § 281(b)(1).

 3 The Commission later issued D.14-02-018 to implement provisions in Senate
Bill 740 (Padilla, Stats 2013, Chapter 522), which amended P.U. Code § 281 and
expanded eligibility for CASF Infrastructure Grants/Loans to non-telephone
corporations.

 Resolution T-17503

 CD/WG1

 3

 On September 17, 2015, Anza modified their application. The initial application
proposed to serve a 319 square mile area which includes the California State
Route 74 'Pines to Palms' state scenic highway. Given that a categorical CEQA
exemption cannot be granted for above-ground fiber projects along scenic
highways, Anza modified their application to exclude the Highway 74 corridor.
This modification reduced the total project area to 213 square miles. The
applicant estimates a 10 percent reduction in the number of households to be
served (an estimated 375 households) given the 106 mile modification.

 III. Notice/Protests

 On July 17, 2015, CD posted the proposed project area map, census block groups
(CBGs) and zip codes for the Connect Anza Project on the Commission's CASF
webpage under "CASF Application Project Summaries" and also sent notice
regarding the project to its electronic service list. CD did not receive any
challenges to the proposed project.4

 IV. Discussion

 This Resolution adopts CD's recommended award of $2,662,450 in a CASF grant for
the Connect Anza Project. This award represents 60 percent of the applicant's
estimated total project cost of $4,437,418. Key project information and maps are
shown in Appendix A.

 A. Applicant and Project Overview

 AEC5 currently owns and distributes electricity using over 700 miles of line in
Southwest Riverside County covering the areas of Anza, Garner Valley, Pinyon,
Alpine Village, Royal Carrizo and parts of Aguanga. AEC proposes to deploy a
fiber optic network on its existing poles and rights of way and establish a
network of sufficient capacity to establish high speed, quality Internet service
for customers in AEC's

 4 CD received an email after the challenge period from an individual who has a
small fixed wireless and satellite reseller business in Anza, CA. He did not
challenge the project but, instead, expressed opposition to the fixed wireless
portion of the project, noting the presence of the two small local wireless
providers (MtPalomar.net and Wireless Internet Pro) who do advertise up to
served speeds in some locations. The two providers do not provide data to the
Commission and staff has no way of validating their service.

 5 AEC is an incorporated non-profit 501(c) (12) electricity (member-owned)
cooperative. According to the AEC website
(http://www.anzaelectric.org/content/about-us), AEC provides power to 3900
homes, schools, businesses and 20 irrigation loads.

 Resolution T-17503

 CD/WG1

 4

 electrical service territory. Anza also proposes to serve approximately 170
transient residences (trailer homes) using a fixed wireless installation6.

 AEC requested a CASF grant of $2,662,450.81, which is 60 percent of the total
project costs ($4,437,418.02), with matching AEC funding of $1,774,967. If this
project is approved, the project will reach an estimated 3,751 households,7 with
all customers capable of achieving speeds of at least 50 Mbps on both downloads
and uploads which is above the Commission-defined "served" threshold of 6 Mbps
download/1.5 Mbps upload.

 The Connect Anza project will directly benefit the Cahuilla band of Indians
whose reservation in within the project area. The reservation contains an
estimated8 70 households as well as the Cahuilla Creek Casino and tribal
buildings.

 B. Project Qualification

 To qualify for the CASF program, an applicant is required to submit proof that
the area is unserved or underserved by submitting shapefiles of the proposed
project. CD reviews the submitted shapefiles and compares them with United
States 2010 Census data and the California Interactive Broadband Availability
map.9 Once CD determines that the area is eligible either as an unserved or
underserved area, CD evaluates all other information the applicant has submitted
to determine if the project meets the requirements outlined in D.12-02-015. CD
reviews other information including: descriptions of current and proposed
broadband infrastructure; number of potential subscriber households and average
income; project construction schedule; project budget; proposed pricing and
commitment period for new subscribers; and financial viability of the applicant.


 As an initial step in the review of AEC's application, CD reviewed the CBGs
submitted in the project application and determined that the project was indeed
not served at adequate speeds via wireline or fixed wireless providers. With
regard to mobile service, however, the California Interactive Broadband
Availability Map indicates that 55% of the proposed project area may be served
by Verizon and/or AT&T Mobility wireless

 6 The number of trailer homes served and the information that the residents who
live in the trailer homes are transient was stated by the applicant.

 7 The total number of households as recorded in the US 2010 census for census
block group areas to be served by the proposed project.

 8 Total number of households on the Cahuilla Reservation estimated by the
applicant.

 9 Here, CD consulted the latest version of the California Interactive Broadband
Availability Map, with data current as of June 30, 2014.

 Resolution T-17503

 CD/WG1

 5

 service10. The applicant disputed that the area is served by providing mobile
field tests using the CalSPEED app.11

 The applicant provided 43 CalSPEED tests conducted on July 3, 2015 (see
Appendix D for a list of speed test results). All of the test results showed
unserved or underserved speeds within the project area. This finding, when
combined with the fact that there were no challenges to the project, led staff
to recommend that the area be considered underserved by mobile broadband.

 C. Project Evaluation and Recommendation for Funding

 CD evaluated AEC's application with respect to the scoring criteria defined in
D.12-02-015, Appendix 1, Section VIII (Scoring Criteria). The scoring criteria
includes: (i) Funds Requested per Potential Customer; (ii) Speed, (iii)
Financial Viability; (iv) Pricing; (v) Total Number of Households in the
Proposed Area; (vi) Timeliness of Completion of Project; (vii) Guaranteed
Pricing Period; and (viii) Low-Income Areas. Five bonus points are also added to
an applicant's score if local government and community endorsements or letters
of support are submitted. CD also conducted qualitative evaluation of the
project area, existing infrastructure, and community needs.

 The Community. The unincorporated communities of Anza, Aguanga, Lake Riverside
Estates and Reed Valley are located in the high desert southwest of the San
Jacinto Mountains. Anza Valley is located in the high desert southwest of the
San Jacinto Mountains. Coachella Valley (which includes the city of Palm
Springs) lies on the east side of the San Jacinto Mountains. Los Angeles is
approximately 120 miles northwest and San Diego is approximately 75 miles to the
southwest of the proposed project area. The project area is just north of the
San Diego County border in southwestern Riverside County.

 The communities within the project boundary have approximately 3,751 households
with a total population of 9,701 (using 2010 US Census data). For the Census
Designated Place (CDP) of Anza (population 3,040 as reported in the 2010 US
Census), 8.3 percent of the population is 18 years of age or younger, 66 percent
is between the ages of 18 and 62, and 26 percent is 62 years and above. The
smaller CDP of Aguanga (population 1,128 per the 2010 Census) had an even higher
percentage of the population

 10 Mobile broadband coverage is based on either the advertised maximum mobile
provider speed or the speed interpolated from CPUC mobile speed testing points
(using the mean - 1 standard deviation of all speed readings for that point),
whichever is least.

 11 CalSPEED is the Commission's mobile application that is used to test mobile
broadband speeds.

 Resolution T-17503

 CD/WG1

 6

 62 years and older (41 percent). The applicant noted that there is large number
of retired people in the community. The Cahuilla Indian Reservation is within
the project area.

 Based on the information provided in AEC's application, local economic activity
is minimal and a large percentage of the working population commutes out of the
area. Referring to the census data for Anza CDP, 65 percent of the working
population's commute time is 30 minutes or more, with the mean travel time to
work at 41 minutes. The US 2010 Census reported the median household income
(MHI) (per census block data) is $48,038 which is 79 percent of the state MHI
average. However, the poverty rate for Anza CDP is reported at 11.5 percent
which is below the state average (15.9 percent).

 The Connect Anza project area includes two public schools; the Hamilton High
School and the Hamilton Elementary School. According to the California
Department of Education, total enrollment at Hamilton High School is 326 and at
the Elementary School it is 445. The proposed project area also includes a small
K-12 Christian school and a private religious university (Olivet University)
whose current enrollment is 120 students and a projected enrollment of 2,000.
There is also a public library, two fire stations and large California
Department of Corrections and Rehabilitation Conservation (Fire) Camp (with a
maximum capacity of 120 inmates).

 The Connect Anza project will increase Internet capacity and enable local
students to take advantage of open-sourced educational materials, thus helping
the area bridge the digital divide. The local public schools already have a
fiber connection through the CENIC12 network. However, the schools have
expressed support for this project due to the opportunities provided to the
students. A robust internet connection will allow students to utilize online
teaching materials and techniques which they cannot currently access and use at
home. Students and parents will be able to utilize online services to organize
class assignments, check grades and communicate with teachers. Given the rural
nature of the community and the substantial distances between schools and
residences, reliable broadband access will allow students to learn at home
without the need to travel to the school. Additionally free Internet access will
be available at the local library and community hall.13

 Olivet University is a religious institution located in the project area.
Olivet University has stated to the applicant that they will leverage the Anza
project fiber network to

 12 See the CENIC website for a description of their network
(http://cenic.org/about/about-overview).

 13 AEC has committed to providing free Internet access for the community hall
and community park.

 Resolution T-17503

 CD/WG1

 7

 enable online access and education at the university, a service that is not
currently available.

 CD has received 70 letters of support for the Connect Anza project. CD's review
of the letters of support revealed numerous complaints about the poor quality of
Internet service in the area as well as the lack of broadband choices. Another
theme portrayed in the letters of support for this CASF proposed project was
AEC's dependability for affordable and reliable energy utility service,
including the community's overarching confidence in AEC.

 Further, the Inland Empire Regional Broadband Consortium recommended the
communities of Anza and Aguanga as priority areas for CASF funding and fully
supports the proposed project. They noted how vital this project is to the
area's long term viability given the needs and opportunities that this project
will address related to telemedicine, education, economic development, fire and
police communications as well as benefiting the Cahuilla Native American tribes.
The project is also supported by elected officials at the local, state and
federal level.

 Pricing and Affordability. AEC has committed to a broadband pricing plan under
the terms shown below, for four years starting from the beginning date of
service. There is no long-term commitment required by the consumer.

 Service Type

 Broadband Speed

 (in Mbps)

 Monthly Charge: Standalone Broadband

 Monthly Charge:

 Bundled with Voice

 Residential

 50 down / 50 up

 $49.99

 $69.99

 Small Business

 100 down / 50 up

 $109.99

 $144.99

 Commercial

 500 down / 500 up

 $2,000.00

 $2,000.00

 Activation and installation (all types): Waived

 Modem charge: No monthly residential or business equipment fee.

 Voice service includes unlimited calling in the United States and to Canada.

 The applicant estimates that about 40 percent of households in the area would
purchase AEC's service because of the area's underserved status. This take
rate14 may actually be higher for a number of reasons. Given that AEC is the
long-standing local utility for electrical service, area residents are familiar
with the AEC. AEC is member-owned and

 14 The "take rate" is the percentage of potential subscribers who are offered
the service that actually do subscribe to the service.

 Resolution T-17503

 CD/WG1

 8

 the members voted to change the company's by-laws for the purpose of providing
this service. Given the large percentage of residents who commute out of the
area, robust broadband access would provide an opportunity for telecommuting.

 The Applicant. AEC is a not-for-profit business with six decades of experience
providing affordable and reliable energy service. AEC owns and maintains over
10,000 poles and other structures necessary for the installation of the cable,
as well as easements necessary to route the system through. AEC already has a
3-mile segment of fiber installed in the downtown Anza area that provides
Internet service free of charge to the Anza Civic Improvement League, the
Community Center Building and a fire station.15 Based on this information, CD
determined that AEC has relevant experience and infrastructure for successfully
installing and operating a high speed fiber optic network to the premises.

 Financial Viability. AEC determined that the project is economically feasible
with a CASF grant of $2,662,450, which is 60 percent of the total project costs,
to match AEC's investment of $1,774,967.

 CD reviewed submitted balance sheet, income, cash flow statements and other
financial viability variables for AEC and concluded that AEC has the existing
capital resources for the 40 percent required matching funds to construct the
Connect Anza project, as well as a sound financial framework for future
operations. Therefore, staff determined that the risk that this project would
encounter financial problems, such as the project not being completed or
maintained over time, is minimal.

 Key Characteristics. CD found that the Connect Anza Project meets CASF funding
requirements with respect to the following factors:

 [#xf0b7] Speed - the proposed speed offering of 50 Mbps download and 50 Mbps
upload (for residential customers) significantly exceeds the 6/1.5 benchmark set
by the Commission;

 [#xf0b7] Service area - is determined to be underserved and covers 213 square
miles;

 [#xf0b7] Matching Funds(40 percent of project cost) - the applicant will use
existing capital; the submitted balance sheet, income and cash flow statements
show that the applicant is financially viable and has the financial capability
to match the funds;

 [#xf0b7] Price Commitment Period - the applicant has committed to a pricing
plan of four years, which is two years more than required;

 15 The Connect Anza broadband project would continue to provide complementary
broadband to these organizations and to the other fire stations in the area.

 Resolution T-17503

 CD/WG1

 9

 [#xf0b7] Deployment Schedule - the applicant has submitted detailed planning
documents, including a schedule with clear milestones to indicate that it will
be completed within the required 24-month construction timeline;

 [#xf0b7] Number of Households - This project will potentially reach 3,751
households;

 [#xf0b7] Low Income - The median household income ($48,038) is 79 percent of
the State's median value.

 This project is economical and provides a wide benefit. The CASF per-household
subsidy is $710 per household (based on 3,751 households that will have access).
This state subsidy, when compared to previous subsidies provided through the
CASF program for fiber projects, is low.16 The number of households that Anza
proposes to pass would be the fourth largest CASF last-mile project in terms of
households served and the area served in terms of square miles would be the
highest for all approved CASF last-mile projects.

 Based on its review, CD determined that AEC's grant application for the Connect
Anza Project qualifies for funding as an underserved area and meets the
requirements of D.12-02-015. CD staff further finds that funding the Connect
Anza Project aligns with CASF's goal to encourage the deployment of high-quality
advanced information and communications technologies to all Californians to
promote economic growth, job creation, and substantial social benefits.

 D. Safety Considerations

 The CASF program encourages the deployment of broadband throughout the State
which can enable the public to access important information in the event of an
emergency, access to emergency services, and allow first responders to
communicate with each other and collaborate during emergencies. As the
Governor's Broadband Task Force stated in its 2007 report, ubiquitous broadband
will play a key role in enhancing public safety operations and applications in
law enforcement, disaster relief, traffic management, and virtually every other
aspect of public safety.

 The census-designated communities of Anza and Aguanga and the communities of
Lake Riverside Estates, and Reed Valley have no local medical clinics. The
nearest facilities are located either in Hemet or Murrieta, both of which are
50-plus minutes by car on windy 2-lane roads. Telephone and broadband allows
access to these facilities and providers and can be a critical factor in health
and safety emergencies.

 16 In reference of the cost of fiber projects funded through the CASF grant
program, the subsidy provided to the Connect Anza project when compared to the
per household subsidy for the other funded fiber projects, is18 percent of the
median and 8 percent of the mean cost per household.

 Resolution T-17503

 CD/WG1

 10

 Additionally, voice service provided as a part of this project would meet all
safety standards, including battery backup, E911 data and access to local PSAPs.


 V. Compliance Requirements

 AEC is required to comply with all the guidelines, requirements, and conditions
associated with the grant of CASF funds as specified in D.12-02-015. Such
compliance includes, but is not limited to:

 A. California Environmental Quality Act (CEQA)

 All CASF grants are subject to CEQA requirements. The Commission must complete
environmental review before funding construction projects, unless the projects
are statutorily or categorically exempt pursuant to the CEQA Guidelines.

 AEC has provided the Commission with their plan to use existing infrastructure
for the installation of a fiber-to-the-premises (FTTP) system in their service
area. Existing electrical infrastructure (with over 700 miles of line and
associated poles) provides power to area residents and businesses. AEC has been
providing power to the area since 1955 and owns most of the existing towers,
buildings, conduits, ducts, rights-of-way, trenches and other facilities (some
poles are owned by Verizon who currently provides telephone service for the
area). AEC will construct its fiber backbone using these existing facilities.
AEC will likewise construct last mile segments in or on existing facilities,
including replacement utility poles (when necessary to meet applicable
engineering and safety standards). AEC anticipates that the only underground
construction that may be required is for short utility extensions. In these
limited instances, AEC may engage in relatively minor ground-disturbing
activities primarily in existing, well-used rights-of-ways and utility easements
in its electric service territory.

 Based on the above information the project qualifies for the following
categorical exemptions from CEQA: This project meets the criteria of the CEQA
categorical exemption for existing facilities (CEQA Guidelines § 15301) and CEQA
Guidelines Section § 15303 - New Construction or Conversion of Small Structures,
involving construction, installation, and/or conversion of limited numbers of
new and/or existing facilities/structures.

 Resolution T-17503

 CD/WG1

 11

 B. Deployment Schedule

 The Commission expects AEC to complete the project within 24 months from start
date (as determined by the procedure below). If the applicant is unable to
complete the proposed project within the 24 month timeframe requirement
established by the Commission, it must notify the Director of CD as soon as AEC
becomes aware of this possibility. If such notice is not provided, the
Commission may reduce payment for failure to satisfy the requirement by timely
notifying CD's Director.

 C. Execution and Performance

 CD and AEC shall determine a project start date after the CASF grant recipient
has obtained all approvals. Should AEC or any Contractor it retains fail to
commence work by the designated date, upon five days written notice to AEC, the
Commission may terminate the grant. In the event that AEC fails to complete the
project in accordance with the terms of CPUC approval as set forth in this
resolution, AEC shall reimburse some or all of the CASF funds that it has
received.

 AEC must complete all construction covered by the grant on or before the
termination date.

 D. Performance Bond

 The Commission does not require a performance bond if the applicant is a
CPCN/WIR holder and if the applicant certifies that the percentage of the total
project costs it is providing comes from their capital budget and is not
obtained from outside financing. In its application, AEC certified that the
percentage of the total project costs will come from its existing capital
budget.

 On July 17, 2015, AEC also filed an application for a CPCN, which is currently
pending before the Commission.

 If the Commission grants the CPCN, a performance bond is not required for this
project. However, in the event that the Commission does not award AEC a CPCN,
AEC must provide evidence of an executed performance bond equal to the total
amount payable under the CASF award at the time of the first payment request.

 Resolution T-17503

 CD/WG1

 12

 D. Price Commitment Period

 The minimum required price commitment period for broadband service to all
households within the project area is two years. AEC exceeds the minimum period
and guarantees the price of service offered in the project area for four years.

 E. Project Audit

 The Commission has the right to conduct any necessary audit, verification, and
discovery during project implementation/construction to ensure that CASF funds
are spent in accordance with Commission approval.

 The recipient's invoices will be subject to a financial audit by the Commission
at any time within three years of completion of the work.

 F. Providing Voice Service

 The proposed project will allow AEC to provide landline voice service via Voice
over Internet Protocol (VoIP). AEC commits to adhere to all FCC requirements in
regards to E911 service and must provide equipment with battery backup.

 G. Reporting

 All grantees must submit quarterly progress reports on the status of the
project irrespective of whether grantees request reimbursement or payment.
Before full payment of the project, AEC must submit a project completion report.
Progress reports shall use the schedule for deployment, major construction
milestones and costs submitted in the proposal; indicate the actual date of
completion of each task/milestone as well as problems and issues encountered,
and the actions taken to resolve these problems and issues during project
implementation and construction; and identify future risks to the project.

 Recipients shall also include test results on the download and upload speeds on
a CBG and zip code basis in the final completion report. AEC must certify that
each progress report is true and correct under penalty of perjury.

 H. Submission of Form 477

 The FCC currently requires broadband providers to biannually submit the Form
477, which includes speed data. While there is an imperfect match between the
data that is

 Resolution T-17503

 CD/WG1

 13

 reported in the Form 477 and to the CASF, the Form 477 data will be useful in
documenting CASF deployment for the service providers new service. Pursuant to
General Order 66-C, service providers in California must submit a copy of their
Form 477 data directly to the CPUC concurrent with their submission of the same
data to the FCC for a five-year period after completion of the project.17

 VI. Compliance Requirements

 Submission of invoices from and payments to AEC shall be made at 25-percent
completion intervals, in accordance with Section XI of Appendix 1 of D.12-02-015
and according to the guidelines and supporting documentation required in
D.12-02-015.

 Payment to AEC shall follow the process adopted for funds created under P. U.
Code §270. Payments are generally processed by the Commission, including CD and
Administrative Services review time, within 20-25 business days. The State
Controller's Office (SCO) requires an additional 14- 21 days to issue payment
from the day that requests are received by SCO from Administrative Services.

 VII. Comments on Draft Resolution

 In compliance with Public Utilities Code § 311(g), a notice letter was e-mailed
on MMM DD, 2015, informing all parties on the CASF Distribution List of the
availability of the draft of this resolution for public comments at the
Commission's website at http://www.cpuc.ca.gov/PUC/documents/. This letter also
informed parties that the final conformed Resolution adopted by the Commission
will be posted and available at this same website.

 On November 27, 2015, staff received one comment from a local Anza resident
opposing the project. The resident stated that her location may not be serviced
by the Connect Anza project in the near term because her location is located on
the outskirts of the project area and not likely to be given access to the new
infrastructure until the end of the project build-out. She expressed concern
that in the interim, existing fixed wireless providers may abandon her area in
the face of the new competition, leaving her without service until the Connect
Anza project is near completion. The resident also commented on the
Cooperative's intentions and their eligibility.

 17 Approval of the California Advanced Services Fund (CASF) Application
Requirements and Scoring Criteria for Awarding CASF Funds (2008) Cal. P.U.C.
Res. No. T-17143 at 4.

 Resolution T-17503

 CD/WG1

 14

 On December 2, 2015, staff received reply comments from AEC stating that their
intention is to improve the availability of service, not to drive out
competitors. AEC further stated that they have offered bandwidth to the existing
fixed wireless providers at a fair price, and that they have an aggressive
build-out plan that exceeds Commission requirements.

 AEC membership overwhelmingly voted in favor of changing the Cooperative's
Articles of Incorporation so that the Cooperative could provide fiber optic
services18. Given this show of support, and given the large number of support
letters from both local individuals and local institutions, CD finds that the
Connect Anza project is well-supported by the community and, therefore,
continues to support the project as is.

 VIII. Findings

 1. AEC filed an application for CASF funding for its Connect Anza Project on
July 16, 2015. The proposed project will improve speeds by installing a
fiber-to-the-premise system capable of symmetrical 50 Mbps download/upload
service to upwards of 3,751 households in the unincorporated communities of
Anza, Aguanga, Lake Riverside Estates, and Reed Valley in Western Riverside
County. This system would provide broadband Internet service to an area that is
currently underserved. The CBGs impacted by the project are 060650444021,
060650444022, 060650444023, 060650444031, 060650444032 and 060650444033.

 2. CD posted the proposed project area map, CBGs and zip codes by county for
the AEC Connect Anza Project on the Commission's CASF webpage under "CASF
Application Project Summaries" on July 17, 2015. CD received no challenges to
this project.

 3. CD reviewed and analyzed data submitted for the AEC Connect Anza Project's
CASF grant application to determine the project's eligibility for CASF funding.
This data included, but was not limited to: descriptions of current and proposed
broadband infrastructure; geographic information system (GIS) formatted
shapefiles mapping the project areas; assertion that the area is underserved;
number of potential subscriber households and average incomes; project

 18 AEC provided documentation that showed that 91.3 percent of voting members
voted for the change in the bylaws (948 for, 86 against and 4 abstaining).

 Resolution T-17503

 CD/WG1

 15

 construction schedule; project budget; proposed pricing and commitment period
for new subscribers; and financial viability of the applicant.

 4. CD reviewed the submitted shapefiles, which mapped the proposed broadband
deployment using United States 2010 Census data and the California Interactive
Broadband Availability Maps, with availability data current as of June 30, 2014.
These maps helped to verify the availability and speed of any broadband service,
where available. The project area was determined to be underserved.

 5. Based on its review, CD determined that the project qualifies for funding
under D. 12-02-015 and recommends Commission approval of CASF funding for AEC's
Connect Anza Project.

 6. AEC is required to comply with all guidelines, requirements, and conditions
associated with the granting of CASF funds as specified in D.12-02-015 and must
submit the FCC Form 477, as specified in T-17143.

 7. The Commission finds CD's recommendation to fund AEC's project, as
summarized in Appendix A, to be reasonable and consistent with Commission orders
and, therefore, adopts such recommendation.

 8. The Commission has determined that the project is categorically exempt from
CEQA review, under Sections 15301, 15303 and 15304 of the CEQA Guidelines
because the project involves minor modifications to existing structures and
facilities and possibly a minor amount of trenching where the surface will be
restored to existing conditions.

 9. AEC will be required to show evidence of a performance bond at time of first
payment if its CPCN application is not been granted. If the CPCN is granted, AEC
is not required to post a performance bond because 40% of the total project cost
will be financed through AEC's existing capital budget.

 10. A notice letter was e-mailed on November 13, 2015, informing all applicants
filing for CASF funding, parties on the CASF distribution list of the
availability of the draft of this Resolution for public comments at the
Commission's website http://www.cpuc.ca.gov/PUC/documents/. This letter also
informed parties that the final confirmed Resolution adopted by the Commission
will be posted and available at this same website.

 Resolution T-17503

 CD/WG1





 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: December 22, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              510 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                Tampa Bay Times

                             October 4, 2013 Friday

GRANT CONNECTS ARTIST, STUDENTS FOR PROJECT

SECTION: SOUTH SHORE & BRANDON TIMES; Pg. 7

LENGTH: 153 words

DATELINE: RUSKIN


Michael Parker, whose mural work has been one of the highlights of the Ruskin
Big Draw, has received a grant from the family of Carolyn F. Heller, a popular
figure in the Florida visual arts community.

The grant will allow Parker to mentor students from the South County Career
Center to create an educational piece of public art.

"The completed design will depict an important part of what they are learning
and how it is applied to the real world," Parker said. "It will be like a visual
narrative on how the school connects with the community."

The inclusion of students pleased Heller's heirs, who are dedicated to honoring
their mother's work and devotion to the community (carolynhellerart.com).

"Our mother loved to teach children of all ages to paint and appreciate the
arts, especially public art," says Fran Heller, Carolyn Heller's daughter. "We
look forward to seeing Michael's finished work in the community."

LOAD-DATE: October 4, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright  2013 Times Publishing Company
                              All Rights Reserved


                              511 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                The Berkshire Eagle (Pittsfield, Massachusetts)

                             June 18, 2016 Saturday

Grant to help Berkshire Medical Center, other providers share electronic records

BYLINE: By Tony Dobrowolski tdobrowolski@berkshireeagle.com @TonyDobrow on
Twitter

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 649 words


PITTSFIELD &GT;&GT; Berkshire Medical Center is among seven state medical
organizations that have each received $434,000 grants to enhance coordination
among community healthcare providers and improve patient care.

The Massachusetts eHealth Institute (MeHI) at the Mass Tech Collaborative
granted a total of $3.03 million to the seven organizations. The other entities
are located in Brockton, Hyannis, Lowell, Newburyport, Springfield and
Worcester.

In the Berkshires, the funding will be used to establish the Berkshire Connected
Communities Project, which will allow BMC and seven local project partners to
share patient's electronic medical records when and where it is legally
appropriate.

"The grant will help support connectivity between our multiple electronic health
records across Berkshire County, facilitating between communication between care
givers at various transition of care touch points," said Mark Snowise, medical
director for physician practices at Berkshire Health Systems.

The seven partner organizations, chosen for the project because they represent a
good cross-section of the health care practices in the Berkshires, are Family
Practice Associates, Berkshire Medical Group, Berkshire Healthcare Systems Inc.,
Community Health Programs, Berkshire Orthopedic Associates Inc., The Brien
Center, and Eastern Mountain Medical Associates.

Like BMC, Berkshire Healthcare Systems is a subsidiary of Berkshire Health
Systems, the county's largest employer. The six other organizations are not
directly affiliated with BHS. Great Barrington-based CHP is a federally
qualified health center.

The project's goal is to achieve the alignment of collaborative care practice
models with supporting health IT to create new opportunities for patient care
and quality improvement.

It will create tools that allow clinicians to electronically receive timely
hospital admission notifications and discharge summaries, and exchange services
notes and care plans.

William Young, chief information officer for BHS, said health care organizations
have made great strides in switching their records from paper to electronic
communications, but they still have difficulty providing that information
between agencies when a patient visits another health care organization.

"All of those groups independently have done a great job with electronic medical
records," Young said, referring to the agencies involved in the Berkshire
Connected Communities Project. "But the data is still locked up almost like a
paper record. The next step is to move that record with the patient so that we
can share the data.

"The goal of the grant is to help us, Berkshire Health Systems, connect with all
of these other partners out there," Young said. "It will help us share the data
in a bidirectional way as patients move out to different areas."

The grant provides a two-year window for BMC to establish the Berkshire
Connected Communities project with its seven project partners, Young said.

"Berkshire Health Systems has already made major investments in this," said
Young, referring to the technology needed to set up the project. "Most of the
money is going to help the other practices connect to the technology that we've
already invested in."

Collaborations such as this one have been occurring in health care for some time
now, said CHP's interim executive director Lia Spiliotes. She is also a partner
and senior advisor at Cambridge Management Group in Boston with 25 years of
experience in the health care field.

"It helps everybody who is part of the collaboration," she said. "It basically
means that when we book our patients they can move relatively seamlessly through
the different organizations.

"Healthcare has always been one of the lagging industries with technology and
integrating it into care," she said. "With this money we all benefit. It lifts
all the boats."

Contact Tony Dobrowolski at 413-496-6224.

LOAD-DATE: June 20, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


   Copyright 2016 MediaNews Group, Inc. and New England Newspaper Group Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              512 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             May 30, 2015 Saturday

Utah: Denver-area cleanup and revitalization projects receive $1 million in EPA
Brownfields funding (Denver, Northglenn, Adams County)

LENGTH: 780  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Environmental Protection Agency, The State of Utah has issued the following news
release:

Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) today awarded $1 million in Brownfields
assessment funds to three grant recipients to expand local efforts to assess,
clean up and redevelop properties throughout the Denver area. The City and
County of Denver and the City of Northglenn will each receive $400K and Adams
County will receive $200K.

Today's announcement is among 243 EPA grant investments totaling $54.3 million
to 147 communities across the U.S. These grants will provide communities with
funding necessary to assess, clean and redevelop contaminated properties, boost
local economies and leverage jobs while protecting public health and the
environment.

City and County of Denver: $400K Brownfields Assessment grants

The City and County of Denver will use EPA Brownfields grant funds to conduct
environmental assessments along the South Platte River corridor and create new
redevelopment opportunities that connect with projects underway throughout the
area. Specifically, the City will conduct critical assessments at approximately
12 brownfield sites as part of the South Platte RiverPlace Initiative. These
assessments will complement efforts to revitalize properties in environmental
justice communities near the National Western Stock Show Complex in north Denver
and at properties near the Denver Housing Authority's mixed use,
transit-oriented development project in the Sun Valley neighborhood. Both areas
have a history of intensive industrial and commercial activity--including rail
facilities, power plants, industrial cleaners, gas stations and auto service
facilities, and manufacturing plants--and contain vacant buildings in need of
reinvestment, repair or demolition. The City's efforts to redevelop these areas
include plans to create new housing, community jobs and public access to the
South Platte River.

City of Northglenn: $400K Brownfields Assessment grants

The City of Northglenn will use EPA grant funds to support the assessment,
cleanup and redevelopment of several properties along the West 104th commercial
district. Potential targets include vacant and partially vacant commercial
structures in need of cleanup and redevelopment, including the Huron Center and
Northglenn Marketplace. Potential environmental concerns at these and other
properties include water drainage and flooding issues and potential
contamination associated with former dry cleaners and auto service facilities.
The rehabilitation of these properties will create new business opportunities
and restore jobs and tax revenues in the targeted area.

Adams County: $200K Brownfields Assessment grant

Adams County will use EPA grant funds to assess contamination in an industrial
area along a two-mile corridor of Clear Creek Valley bordered by Huron St. to
the east, and the banks of Clear Creek to the north and west. Interstate 76 cuts
through the area, with properties on both the north and south side of this
corridor. The area is characterized by large swaths of blighted abandoned or
underutilized properties that have impacted the Berkeley, Guardian Angel and
Goat Hill neighborhoods, and are the legacy of decades of use for aggregate
mining and industrial activity or as former landfills. Because of these
historical uses, the land is perceived as contaminated, which has served as a
deterrent to development. The assessment of these properties will identify
cleanup needs and redevelopment opportunities to connect the creek to adjacent
neighborhoods and new transportation corridors.

"EPA Brownfields grants continue to help communities in the Denver area
transform blighted properties into public and economic assets," said EPA
regional administrator, Shaun McGrath. "These investments are removing
contamination, reconnecting neighborhoods with riverfront areas, and creating
new opportunities for people to live, play, and do business."

There are an estimated 450,000 abandoned and contaminated sites in the United
States. EPA's Brownfields program empowers states, communities, and other
stakeholders to work together to prevent, assess, safely clean up, and
sustainably reuse these brownfields sites. Since the inception of the program in
1995, cumulative brownfield program investments have leveraged more than $22
billion from a variety of public and private sources for cleanup and
redevelopment activities. This equates to an average of $17.79 leveraged per EPA
brownfield dollar expended. These investments have resulted in approximately
105,942 jobs nationwide.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: May 30, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              513 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                              Chicago Daily Herald

                             August 8, 2004 Sunday
                    F1 Edition; F2 Edition; McHenry Edition

No new taxes, but new projects That's what residents asked District 300 for

BYLINE: Jeffrey Gaunt, Daily Herald Staff Writer

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 653 words


Residents envision costly top-to-bottom changes at Dist. 300 but don't want
taxpayers to foot the bill

When a group of concerned residents first gathered in February to discuss
Community Unit School District 300, critics said district officials were pulling
the wool over their eyes.

Hog-tied by a $22 million debt and with hundreds of new students on the way,
officials were using the group to promote a tax-rate increase in November, the
critics said.

But more than five months later, the Connect 300 group is ready to present a
list of recommendations to the school board on Monday night. And far from
pushing for a financial windfall, the group is proposing top-to-bottom changes
that would cost the district millions.

"They're going to have to pick and choose," said Robin Randby, a District 300
parent and member of the Connect 300 group. "If they don't have the revenue,
they're not going to be able to do certain things."

Most notably, district officials would have to scrounge up $10 million or more
to meet the group's top priority: lowering class sizes.

Coming up with even half of that figure would be a tall order for the
financially frustrated district, said Laurie Godinez, assistant superintendent
for human resources.

"Under the circumstances that we're now living, I don't know where that $5
million would come from," Godinez said. "In all honesty, I don't see how it
could be squeezed out of the budget."

The Connect 300 group recommends pushing for changes in federal and state
education funding, but that's not something that will happen overnight.

It overwhelmingly opposed the most obvious source of new funding: increased
property taxes.

And it also doesn't advocate major cuts in any athletic or academic programs.

Instead, it recommends piecemeal solutions such as corporate sponsorships,
charging students to participate in extracurricular activities, seeking more
grant money and reviewing health-care expenses for district staff.

It also would like to see more open accounting practices and an effort to
educate the public on district finances.

But greater fiscal accountability and new revenue sources probably won't
translate into significantly lower class sizes anytime soon.

That's a problem, said Karen Roeckner, a Connect 300 participant and
Carpentersville village trustee.

"Basically they dumped it back to the board and said, 'You figure it out,'"
Roeckner said. "To me, it's pretty sad, because I don't think they are being
realistic."

And giving the school board what amounts to an unfunded community mandate will
diminish the quality of the whole report, she said.

But that's hardly the sentiment of the Connect 300 group as a whole.

"I think that's negative," Randby said. "And having spent so much time there, I
have to believe the report is going to be significant, that the board is going
to pay attention."

Even if some of the recommendations are too expensive, there's still a lot of
valuable information in the report, Randby said.

The recommendations go well beyond issues of class size, touching on
communication between parents and district officials, equity between schools,
hiring and maintaining quality teachers, establishing a residents advisory
committee and more.

Most importantly, the recommendations give voice to "concerned parents,
grandparents and community members addressing the things they'd like to see
changed," Randby said.

So even if they are costly, and in some cases a little idealistic, the
suggestions that will be presented at Monday night's school board meeting are
important in their own right, participants said.

"That would have been the easy way out, for us to say we need a referendum to
raise funds," said John Mayer, one of four community facilitators at the
meetings. "I think our challenge was to do more than that.

"We set some goals for the board and some challenges for the board. Hopefully
this is another challenge they'll be able to step up and meet."

LOAD-DATE: August 19, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: And the public says ... The public advisory group Connect 300 will
present its recommendations to the District 300 school board on Monday. Here's a
sampling of the suggestions: - Make class-size reduction the district's No. 1
priority. - Implement a standardized curriculum in all district schools by the
2006-07 school year. - Improve communication between district officials and
parents. - Ensure accounting practices are open and accountable. - Find new
revenue sources, such as corporate sponsorships, grants and "pay-to-play" for
students in extracurricular activities. - Establish Connect 300 as an ongoing
citizens advisory committee to the school board.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2004 Paddock Publications, Inc.


                              514 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             April 18, 2016 Monday

Washington: Hoeven Announces Nearly $12 Million in Available Funding for Rural
Broadband Projects

LENGTH: 225  words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Washington: Office of the Senator John Hoeven has issued the following news
release:



 Senator John Hoeven, who serves on the U.S. Senate Agriculture Committee and
Agriculture Appropriations Subcommittee, today announced that the U.S.
Department of Agriculture (USDA) is making $11.7 million in funding available to
establish broadband in unserved rural communities. The funds are made available
through USDA's Community Connect grant program, which provides funds to state,
tribal and local governments, non-profit organizations and private industry to
support the development of new broadband facilities, infrastructure and services
in low-income and extremely rural areas.





 "Fast and reliable internet service is vital for any business in our modern
economy," Hoeven said. "Further, telecommunications improve our residents'
access to a wide variety of services, including education and health care. This
funding is one part of our larger efforts to support the growth and long-term
vitality of our rural communities and continue strengthening North Dakota's
position as a technology leader."



 Applications for the Community Connect program are due no later than June 17,
2016. More information on this opportunity can be found here.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: April 19, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              515 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                Tamworth Herald

                                January 26, 2012
                                   Edition 1;
                                National Edition

Be a brick and get down to auditions to be part of Pink Floyd's The Wall
showpiece

BYLINE: Paul Kemp

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 19

LENGTH: 360 words


AN "EXCITING and innovative" theatre production - billed as the biggest arts
project ever staged in Tamworth - is to take place this summer.

The project, titled The Wall, is based on the Pink Floyd rock opus and will be
held at Tamworth Assembly Rooms from June 5-8. Now people of all ages, talents
and abilities are being invited to get involved by organisers.

The production is being staged by Arts Connects and Fired Up Theatre, with
permission from Pink Floyd's Roger Waters and Mark Fenwick Management.

A spokesman said: "Using Pink Floyd's classic music, with a new narrative
brought bang up to date by Simon Quinn, The Wall is set on a fictitious housing
estate somewhere in the West Midlands and explores contemporary themes including
anti-social behaviour unemployment, social deprivation, peer pressure and
racism.

"The vision for the project is that it will involve people from all ages and
communities across Tamworth and will involve groups of people who would not
normally work together."

Some groups are already creating art which will form part of The Wall project,
including Tamworth's Young At Art, who are in the process of working with a
number of students from schools across the town to create a "fantastic" arts
exhibition to run alongside the production.

People can get involved on stage or behind the scenes. Skills which are being
sought include acting, mime, storytelling, dance, poetry, rapping, graffiti art,
puppetry, music, stage fighting, film, projection, costumes, set design and
props.

The event is being funded and supported by Fired Up Theatre, Arts Connects,
Staffordshire Community Wellbeing Fund, Tamworth Arts Grants Scheme, Tamworth
Community Safety Partnership, Staffordshire Local Community Fund and
Staffordshire County Council's Arts Grants Scheme. Anyone who is interested in
getting involved or who would like to know more is invited to the launch event
at Tamworth Assembly Rooms this Saturday (January 28) from 10am to 3pm.

There will be a series of workshops in the morning and auditions in the
afternoon.

More information can also be obtained by calling 01827 709581.

Rogers Waters has given the OK for Tamworth's version.

LOAD-DATE: January 26, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: TAH


                    Copyright 2012 Northcliffe Media Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              516 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                The Denver Post

                           September 19, 2010 Sunday
                                 FINAL EDITION

EDITORIAL Broadband boost is a boon for rural areas A federal grant to help
bring high-speed Internet to parts of Colorado should help school children and
local businesses.

SECTION: PERSPECTIVE; Pg. D-03

LENGTH: 297 words


The $100 million federal grant that Colorado won for broadband expansion will
open a window on a new world of learning opportunities for the state's rural
communities.

The grant, announced last week, will help all Colorado schools, but will be
particularly appreciated in plains and mountain communities where high-speed
Internet service has yet to reach.

It's good news for Colorado students as the state pushes forward with ambitious
education reforms.

The grant will pay for new or enhanced fiber optic lines that will connect 1,700
schools, more than a dozen community colleges, 26 libraries and three higher
education institutions.

But the access likely won't stop there.

Getting the lines to those institutions will give private interests the
opportunity to lay what is frequently called the "final mile" to connect
individual homes and businesses to high speed Internet.

The grant money will come from $4.7 billion that was included in the American
Recovery and Reinvestment Act.

Although we have worried, as others have, about runaway federal spending adding
to the deficit, this money already has been appropriated and some other state
would get it if Colorado did not.

Colorado clearly deserves the grant. The state's access statistics are dismal.
Out of 50 states, Colorado ranks 42nd in broadband connectivity, with service
costing 10 times more than in neighboring states.

As it stands, Internet speeds in Colorado schools are very slow compared to the
national average. The slow speeds affect how the Internet can be used, a
situation that should change with this grant.

Within a few years, the state's school districts and other institutions are
expected to experience the power of faster Internet connections. We look forward
to seeing how they'll harness this powerful new tool.

LOAD-DATE: September 20, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Editorial

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2010 The Denver Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                              517 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                    The Wilson Daily Times (North Carolina)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                            February 19, 2016 Friday

Trustees, commissioners talk about bond's impact

BYLINE: Olivia Neeley, The Wilson Daily Times, N.C.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 707 words


Feb. 19--Trustees and county commissioners met Wednesday to discuss the benefits
of the $2 billion Connect N.C. bond package and what it could mean to Wilson
Community College and its future.

The Connect N.C. bond, which will be voted on statewide March 15, would provide
$350 million to community colleges. If passed, WCC is slated to receive $6.9
million, which can be used for new construction, repairs and renovations.

"We can take that $6.9 million and finish the Lee campus," WCC President Tim
Wright told the group Wednesday. "This is not just for Wilson Community College
but for Wilson County."

That funding would also go a long way into turning the Lee Campus into a
high-tech training ground, he said. Plus, he said, that's $6.9 million the
county won't have to fund from its own revenues.

Bucky Robbins, WCC trustees chairman, agreed. Robbins said it would also open up
funds to be used for other projects.

"It's going to mean so much," Robbins said. "It's a win, win situation."

Wright also shared figures on the impact of community colleges locally and
beyond.

Half of WCC students attend the school for either nursing or go on to transfer
into a university system to attain their four-year degree, officials said.

Wright said based on a three-year average, 92 percent of Wilson Community
College students who transfer to a university were successful in their first
year of college.

Over a six year period, 43 percent of WCC students will graduate with a two-year
degree or transfer to a four-year college. He said those rates might seem low,
but when compared to the graduation rates of four-year colleges which hover in
the mid 50 percent, it shows the success WCC has on lives.

Nationally, about half of those pursuing a bachelor's degree now first got their
start at a community college, officials said.

STATEWIDE AND LOCAL IMPROVEMENTS

Wright said WCC is also still on track to offer Applied Engineering and Advanced
Transportation programs on the Lee Campus this fall due to support from the
county and a matching federal grant.

Wright said the Connect N.C. Bond funds would enable the college to move several
more programs into the facility over the next several years with the aim of
creating a hub for new opportunities for students and the community.

In addition to the $350 million to community colleges, Connect N.C. Bond would
also provide $980 million to state universities, $312.5 million for water, sewer
and local parks, $179 million for agriculture, $100 million for parks and the
N.C. Zoo, and $78.5 million for the National Guard and public safety.

The bulk of the bond will go toward STEM (science, technology, engineering and
mathematics) education and two-thirds will provide funding for higher education.

Wilson County commissioners also passed a resolution earlier this month
supporting the Connect N.C. Bond.

Jessica Proctor, eastern regional field director the N.C. Connect Committee,
also spoke at Wednesday's meeting.

"It's time to get those improvements statewide," Proctor said, adding that 40
percent of North Carolina's workforce are trained at community colleges.

Proctor said the bond package is vital for not only the state but especially for
eastern North Carolina. She said the amount earmarked for specific areas gives
officials in their communities discretion on where to spend it.

Officials contend that the bond wouldn't include a tax increase and the debt
would be paid off in 20 years. All projects, Proctor said, would be completed
within six years. And if the bond measure passes in March, the funding would be
issued as early as August or September.

Wednesday's joint meeting with county commissioners, which is held annually, is
also a time for commissioners to hear the college's needs and progress.

"It's good for out county commissioners and the WCC Board of Trustees to meet
each year and hear the positive impact WCC has in our community," said County
Assistant Manager Ron Hunt. "It was also an excellent time to hear from the
Connect N.C. Bond effort that could greatly assist Wilson's community college."

olivia@wilsontimes.com -- 265-7879

___ (c)2016 The Wilson Daily Times (Wilson, N.C.) Visit The Wilson Daily Times
(Wilson, N.C.) at www.wilsontimes.com Distributed by Tribune Content Agency,
LLC.

LOAD-DATE: February 20, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20160219-ZW-Trustees-commissioners-talk-about-bond-s-impact-0219-20160219

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: ZW


                     Copyright 2016 The Wilson Daily Times


                              518 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          The Decatur Daily (Alabama)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                             April 12, 2015 Sunday

Where the sidewalk ends, Decatur has plans

BYLINE: Seth Burkett, The Decatur Daily, Ala.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 1237 words


April 12--A plan by Decatur officials to improve sidewalks along Lee Street
Northeast is the next step in a plan to connect various sites in the city for
pedestrians and bike riders.

City planners envision a sprawling network of contiguous sidewalks and bike
paths connecting Decatur's historic districts and parks.

Many of the pieces are already in place.

The Bill Sims bike and pedestrian path stretches from Rhodes Ferry Park to Point
Mallard Park and from Lee Street to Wilson Morgan Park.

Sidewalks and lighting in both the Bank Street and Second Avenue downtown
business districts underwent makeovers in recent years, but the improvements end
at Lee Street, which connects the two.

The City Council signed off last week on plans to seek a $500,000 Transportation
Alternatives Program grant -- $400,000 in state and federal funds with a
$100,000 match from the city, half of which is to be paid by the Decatur
Downtown Redevelopment Authority -- to make similar streetscape improvements
along 3,300 feet of Lee Street from Sixth Avenue to Bank Street.

The project would include installation of 1,500 feet of new sidewalks,
replacement of 500 feet of deteriorated sidewalks and about 65 curb cuts for
better handicapped access.

"The handicap accessibility, that's a big part of this," said Decatur Economic
and Community Development Director Wally Terry. "For bikers, it's a nice thing
to have, but if you're handicapped, it's a necessity."

Lee Street is also at the center of the city's arts and entertainment district,
where alcohol is allowed in public during certain hours, and is part of the
standard parade route.

"Once we get this done, most of it would be streetscaped," city Grant
Administrator Allen Stover said. "Also, the idea is that it would tie into the
existing bike trail. It would, in essence, connect the downtown area with Point
Mallard, Wilson Morgan, and eventually Ingalls Harbor and the Trail of Tears," a
federal historic trail project from Decatur to Tuscumbia Landing.

Other notable sites situated on or near the improved areas include:

The planned $16 million Cook Museum of Natural Science at Fourth Avenue and Lee
Street

The Alabama Center of the Arts on Second Avenue Northeast and its second, $13
million phase under construction on First Avenue Northeast

The Farmer's Market on First Avenue Southeast

Jones Park on Second Avenue Southeast

Casa Grande Park on Second Avenue Southeast

The Princess Theatre on Second Avenue Northeast

Government buildings including Decatur City Hall, Morgan County Courthouse,
Seybourn H. Lynne Federal Building, city Board of Education, Morgan County
Health Department, Decatur Public Library and Decatur-Morgan County Chamber of
Commerce

Frazier Park on Cherry Street Northeast

Turner-Surles Community Resource Center on Sycamore Street Northwest

Etta Freeman Park on Church Street Northwest

Rhodes Ferry Park on the Tennessee River

The Old State Bank on Bank Street Northeast

Founders Park, site of a new $200,000 amphitheater

The L&N Railroad depot on Railroad Street Northwest, currently undergoing a
$2.36 million renovation to become a police office and transportation museum

The Dancy-Polk House on Railroad Street Northwest

"When you get down and look at all the connections, it's impressive. It really
connects so many things," Terry said.

Other projects

Terry said the plan doesn't end with revamping Lee Street and extending the bike
path to Ingalls Harbor.

"There are others," he said. "As time goes on, we'll continue to grow and
connect the whole community."

Terry said the Cook museum, expected to bring 200,000 people to downtown in its
first year, will generate additional foot traffic as visitors shop and eat or
explore the history of the Old Decatur and Albany districts -- perhaps through
walking tours guided by an app available on the city's website.

Other parts of town also could see increased traffic, Terry said.

"It impacts the whole community," he said. "People are coming in and they're
shopping or buying outside of just this area. This isn't about one location,
it's about all the pieces that are out there that we tie together and continue
to tie together."

Stover said the city previously applied for but didn't get a grant to connect
Ingalls Harbor to Rhodes Ferry and the Bank Street district via the bike path.

An underpass at the Wilson Street bridge was the most expensive part of the plan
and would have exhausted most of the grant money, he said.

At the city's request, the Alabama Department of Transportation last fall built
the underpass as part of a project to improve the state highway bridge, Stover
said.

"That's going to make that project a lot more feasible," he said.

Currently, the underpass doesn't connect to anything, including the two
pedestrian bridges that cross the railroad tracks near the historic Dancy-Polk
house and Etta Freeman Park south of Wilson Street and near the historic
Rhea-McEntire house north of Wilson Street.

But Terry said he thinks the project, which would require creating some new
paths and marking pedestrian lanes along Wilson Street, can be completed within
the next several years for a reasonable amount of money and without seeking
further grants.

"Most of the infrastructure is already out there. It's just connecting them up
with some improvements," he said.

Decatur resident Lew White said he rides his bike often, so any extension of the
bike path is welcome.

"It really has a lot of appeal to me," he said. "I would love to see bike paths
all over the city because I use them to commute. The rest of the summer, I will
pretty much ride my bike to work."

White said he uses a recently completed portion of the path from Central Parkway
Southwest on his daily ride to his job at Austin High School.

The path stretches to the Aquadome Recreation Center and Brookhaven Middle
School. White then takes Fifth Avenue, which has a bike lane, to Betty Street.

"It's not just me. I see lots of others who use them," White said. "I may be
more vocal than most because, in my perfect world, we could leave the cars at
home and ride the bikes to work."

The Lee Street plan has a proposed base budget of $444,341.

Terry said some optional parts of the plan, such as landscaping, lighting on
islands in the middle of the street, and stone gateways in the vicinity of the
library could be added later as donations or other funds become available. The
basic cost includes putting in islands for future landscaping and lighting and
moorings for irrigation and electricity.

"It's putting that infrastructure in for when we get to the point in time where
we can fund that," Terry said. "That probably will be done outside of the TAP
grant because with a $500,000 cap, it won't get all of that. But we want to show
where it's going."

Terry said eliminating most of the new pedestrian lighting from the plan cut
costs significantly.

Terry said new lights would cost $8,000 to $12,000 per pole. Lighting
improvements on Bank Street ran nearly $250,000, he said.

Instead, the city will repurpose existing poles, painting them black to match
newer poles, and convert them to LED lighting. The cost of the LED switch would
be factored into Decatur Utilities' normal program of swapping out lights, and
the cost to the city operating budget would be about $2 per pole per month,
Terry said.

___ (c)2015 The Decatur Daily (Decatur, Ala.) Visit The Decatur Daily (Decatur,
Ala.) at www.decaturdaily.com Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC

LOAD-DATE: April 12, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20150412-DD-Where-the-sidewalk-ends-Decatur-has-plans-0412-20150412

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: DD


                        Copyright 2015 The Decatur Daily


                              519 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                        Santa Cruz Sentinel (California)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                           January 20, 2016 Wednesday

Santa Cruz County homeless services network earns $200,000 grant

BYLINE: Jessica A. York, Santa Cruz Sentinel, Calif.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 576 words


Jan. 20--SANTA CRUZ -- A countywide initiative to better assess, track and
assist the area's homeless population will get a boost into the 21st century
this year with the help of a $200,000 grant.

The funding, benefiting the United Way of Santa Cruz County's new Smart Path to
Housing and Health Program, came from Dignity Health Dominican Hospital's
corporate office and was one of five new Social Innovation Partnership Grants
given out systemwide this year.

Dominican awarded another $92,000 at its annual community grants program
luncheon Tuesday to the Homeless Services Center, United Way, Rotacare Santa
Cruz Free Clinic and Encompass Community Services.

The United Way's Smart Path program will use an existing assessment
questionnaire utilized by the 180/2020 program, working to house the chronically
homeless, and connect it with modernized technology -- in this case, a San
Jose-based company's still in-development mobile application. Information
entered at one location is then shared, with participants' permission, with the
rest of the county's partners through a joint database, said United Way
Executive Director Mary Lou Goeke.

The new effort, to be managed by a Homeless Services Center-hired program
director, would differ from the existing system by automatically offering
referral opportunities to the county's various service providers. Professionals
also would have access to each client's service history, Goeke said. As an
example, Goeke cited a male adult showing up at the Pajaro Valley Shelter
Services, which serves only families with minor children. The existing system
might cause workers at the shelter to simply turn the individual away without
assistance, she said.

"(Under Smart Path), the staff there would go ahead and sit with the person,
give them the questionnaire, understand their needs and determine where is the
right place for that person to go where they can get help," Goeke said. "What
we're saying is there's no wrong door. Wherever you go, you're going to get
assessed and pointed in the right direction for housing and help."

Goeke said the grant will make into reality an effort dreamed up by the Homeless
Action Partnership, a Santa Cruz County collaboration of local agencies
addressing homelessness, and codified in last year's "All In: Toward a Home for
Every County Resident" strategic planning document.

The rollout for Smart Path's implementation hinges on completion of the mobile
application, but is expected this year, Goeke said. In the meantime, a program
director position will be advertised and filled, she said. The new director will
first train the county's homeless service providers in using the database and
technology, then move on to community clinics in its second phase, Goeke said.

"They have been working diligently to not just simply put a band aid on issues
that are affecting the homeless population, but really looking at sustainable
options," said Martina O'Sullivan, Dignity Health Dominican Hospital's community
engagement director. "This is one piece that will connect all of the services
that are working with this population, and not just the services you might
think, not just the hospital, not just the homeless services center. There may
be a whole cadre of other agencies working to help."

___ (c)2016 the Santa Cruz Sentinel (Scotts Valley, Calif.) Visit the Santa Cruz
Sentinel (Scotts Valley, Calif.) at www.santacruzsentinel.com Distributed by
Tribune Content Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: January 20, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20160120-QC-Santa-Cruz-County-homeless-services-network-earns-200,000-
grant-0120-20160120

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: QC


                       Copyright 2016 Santa Cruz Sentinel


                              520 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                  Larne Times

                             May 10, 2014 Saturday

Comic Relief grant for Carnlough youth groups

LENGTH: 267  words


Two local youth groups have been left with smiles on their faces after Carnlough
Community Association secured a grant of almost £5,000 from Comic Relief.

The £4,904 financial award, obtained through the International Fund for Ireland,
is being split between two youth clubs, a bowling club and a summer scheme.

The two youth groups-Carnlough Youth Club and Carnlough Connect Club-have
benefitted from a £1,644 windfall, which has funded the purchase of a range of
new equipment including a table tennis table, a pool table, board games, arts
and crafts equipment and a PSA. They will also be able to take part in a trip,
the  destination of which is to be confirmed.

Chairperson of Carnlough Community Association Patricia McConnell said that her
group had decided to help young people in the area in order to compliment the
work they are already undertaking with the elderly. She explained: "We do a lot
for the older generation-we run luncheon and bowling clubs as well as trips, and
we felt we wanted to put some money into the youth clubs. One of our members,
Declan McGill, spearheaded the bid for funding.

"Carnlough Youth Club caters for young people from 11 to 16 years old, while
Carnlough Connect Club is for those aged between 5 and 16 years old."

"We heard we were successful in December and we were so pleased. It's absolutely
brilliant to have got this donation. Youth clubs are not  well funded, which is
one of the reasons we decided to apply for this grant on their behalf.

"The equipment was presented on May 1 and 2 and it will benefit the young people
of this area for many years."

LOAD-DATE: May 10, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: INLT


                       Copyright 2014 Johnston Press Plc
                              All Rights Reserved


                              521 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                            Dayton Daily News (Ohio)

                            March 30, 2006 Thursday

Bike-friendly trail near Ohio 48 in planning stages;
Residents would have more places to walk, bike

BYLINE: By Ken McCall kmccall@DaytonDailyNews.com

SECTION: SOUTHWEST; Pg. Z8-14

LENGTH: 656 words


CENTERVILLE - Earth is moving on the very first projects in what promises to be
a decadeslong program to make Centerville and Washington Twp. friendlier to
bicyclists and pedestrians.

Along Ohio 48, just north of Whipp Road, crews are putting in sidewalks north to
Rahn Road. Another section of missing sidewalk is going in on Paragon Road, just
north of Miamisburg-Centerville Road.

And officials from the park district and the cities of Centerville and Kettering
are waiting for news on a grant request that would help pay for the community's
first trail on an abandoned railroad right of way: a portion of the Iron Horse
Trail that would run from Interstate 675 north through Iron Horse Park and into
Kettering. Officials hope to begin construction on that project next spring.

The trails plan, adopted early last year by the city, the township and the
Centerville-Washington Park District board of directors, lays out a
comprehensive program to build, mark and promote multiuse trails throughout the
community.

Officially called the Creating Community Connections Multi-Use Trail Plan, the
document proposes 14 trails that would crisscross the community using a
combination of marked bike routes on low-traffic streets, separate paved trails
and sidewalks.

The plan would connect the community to trails leading to the Great Miami River
and the Little Miami River trails, north into Kettering and south into Warren
County.

Stein Pedersen, a longtime cyclist, co-owner of K&G Bike Center and member of
the task force that wrote the trails plan, said he got involved because people
keep telling him they're afraid to ride bikes around town.

"We're running out of places to ride," said Pedersen, who has been cycling for
35 years. "The problem we're having is street congestion, more cars nowadays. So
the plan gives people an avenue to find safe places to ride."

The plan is aimed at giving residents more opportunities to be physically
active, and getting them to use nonautomobile transportation as much as
possible, Pedersen said. Federal and state grants, such as the Clean Ohio Trails
Fund grant that would help build the Iron Horse Trail, are weighted toward
projects that promote nonmotorized commuting.

"The park system looks at it a little bit more recreationally," Pedersen said,
"but the whole idea is to connect our communities with our neighboring
communities with viable, safe, multipurpose paths."

The trail plan was sparked by numerous comments given by residents during the
city and township's Create the Vision master planning process in 2004.

"What we were hearing is that our residents wanted a safer, more walkable
community," said Carol Kennard, director of the park district and leader of the
Multi-Use Trail Task Force, which drew up the plan.

"So you have to start with a plan, and then, even if it takes several years, you
can begin to develop it."

The adopted plan not only officially commits the community toward building
trails, it also helps secure federal and state grants, she said.

Contact Ken McCall at 225-2393.

TYPES OF BIKE FACILITIES

Proposed in the Creating Community Connections Multi-Use Trail Plan:

* Separate paved trails (also known as Class I bikeways): This facility is
separated from vehicular traffic and dedicated to nonmotorized users.

* Bicycle routes (also known as Class III bikeways): A "suggested way" for a
cyclist to get from a point of origin to a destination.

* Shared sidewalks: A facility separated from the street which is provided for
pedestrian travel, bicyclists and other forms of non-motorized transportation.

Not proposed in the plan:

* Shared lanes: A travel lane that is shared by both bicycle and vehicular
traffic.

* Paved shoulders: An extension of the pavement beyond the traveled way.

* Bicycle lanes: (also known as Class II bikeways): A portion of the roadway
that has been designated by striping, signing and pavement markings for the
preferential or exclusive use of bicyclists.

LOAD-DATE: March 31, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2006 Dayton Newspapers, Inc.


                              522 of 998 DOCUMENTS


              The Times and Democrat (Orangeburg, South Carolina)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                              June 4, 2010 Friday

Sewer going farther west of the Edisto

BYLINE: Gene Crider, The Times and Democrat, Orangeburg, S.C.

SECTION: BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL NEWS

LENGTH: 653 words


Jun. 4--Phillip Harris has been waiting.

For the 60 years he's been living in the Edisto Drive community, he's seen the
rains come and septic tanks back up in the sandy soil. He had his drain line
extended, but that didn't help much. And he still has to pay to have the septic
tank pumped occasionally.

"When you have rain come, the people in my neighborhood catch it," he said.

On Thursday afternoon, U.S. House Majority Leader James Clyburn came to
Orangeburg to announce the federal government will be stepping in again to help.

The U.S. Department of Agriculture-Rural Development has approved a $5.9 million
grant and a $2 million low-interest loan to take sewer lines to neighborhoods on
the southern side of the road. The loan will be paid off using money from
Orangeburg County's 1 percent capital projects sales tax.

Neighborhoods on the northern side of Edisto Drive got sewer service in the
first phase of the project, which officials say allowed for the development of
the Seventh Day Adventist Camp, a laundromat and car wash. It also allowed for
the development of businesses on the other side of the road, such as Henry's
Travel Plaza and Family Dollar.

In the newest phase, sewer mains will also be taken along portions of Cannon
Bridge Road and Cordova Road. Edisto High School will be able to tie into the
system, allowing for its future expansion. The project will connect more than
900 homes, officials said.

All in all, the grant will pay for 5.6 miles of 8- and 15-inch sewer main. Young
said it could take two or 2.5 years for the project to be completed.

USDA-RD State Director Vernita Dore said the system will provide safe, reliable
sewer service and "allow for the economic development of rural areas west of the
Edisto."

County Councilman Clyde Livingston says the new line is the culmination of
decades of work that began before he was first elected in 1994.

In 2000, Sen Fritz Hollings was able to secure $4.7 million to begin the
project, he said.

That money allowed the county to connect about 500 homes to sewer service, plus
build a pump station on Glover Street capable of handling future phases of the
project.

The county has since received Community Development Block Grants totalling
almost $1 million that will allow it to connect about 150 more homes.

County Administrator Bill Clark said the county's 1 percent capital projects
sales tax contributed to the projects, noting the tax has allowed the county to
provide matching money for the grants. The county will ask voters to renew the
tax in November.

Deloris Frazier, who grew up in the area but has since moved a couple of miles
away, said it's time for sewer service.

For the people who have sewer service from the previous phase of the project,
"It's a new way of life." They don't have to have their septic tanks cleared or
deal with health hazards from overflowing septic tanks.

Also, the sewer will allow the area to grow with new houses and businesses, she
said.

Clyburn used the opportunity to defend congressmen's use of earmarks to
designate money for specific projects.

He said a new study showed he ranked 36th of 435 congressmen in the amount of
federal money that flows into his district. Even so, he said he ranks eighth
from the bottom in the amount of contributions he receives from people who
benefited from that money.

"There's a reason for that. When I'm earmarking, I'm thinking about the
community's needs," he said.

Contact the writer: gcrider@timesanddemocrat.com or 803-533-5570.

To see more of The Times and Democrat or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.timesanddemocrat.com . Copyright (c) 2010, The Times and Democrat,
Orangeburg, S.C. Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For
reprints, email tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or
847-635-6550, send a fax to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group
Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave., Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: June 4, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20100604-GG-Sewer-going-farther-west-of-the-Edisto-0604

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: GG


                     Copyright 2010 The Times and Democrat


                              523 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                           Edmonton Journal (Alberta)

                           November 24, 2012 Saturday
                                 Final Edition

Strengthening links among youth; Project to focus on aboriginal healing

BYLINE: Jane Cardillo, Edmonton Journal

SECTION: RELIGION; Pg. H16

LENGTH: 702 words


An Edmonton human rights organization will use a $20,000 grant to bring young
adults together so they can learn, no matter their religious or cultural
backgrounds, that they are not as different from each other as they might think.

The John Humphrey Centre for Peace and Human Rights received the grant from
Inspirit Foundation, a national organization that connects young Canadians of
diverse religious and secular beliefs.

The centre's project aims to deepen connections between secular and religious
youth, with a focus on integrating aboriginal perspectives.

Renee Vaugeois, the centre's executive-director, says the impact of residential
schools on the aboriginal population, will be a main point of discussion.

"There's just a whole community of trauma from the residential schools here and
all the prejudices that exist against the aboriginal community are embedded in
the misunderstanding of the experience," Vaugeois says.

"We're going to start and end with a focus on indigenous world views and
spirituality and connecting it also the residential school system."

An underlying goal of the project is to work toward healing and reconciliation,
Vaugeois says.

"When we talk about faith, we often don't even think about indigenous
spirituality in Canada and we really want to make that a bedrock of this
program."

The grant will fund a program called JHC Peacebuild-ers: Building Peace Through
Faith. It will educate 18-to 30-year-olds about various spiritual and religious
practices and give them an up-close look at a number of them.

Participants will put together a peace camp for children, which will run next
summer.

"There are underlying principles in most faiths that connect each of us and I
think just to be able to break down prejudice and discrimination, we've got to
be able to have those spaces to learn about each other in a really peer-to-peer
learning approach," Vaugeois says.

Participants will explore indigenous, Jewish, Islamic, Catholic, Hindu,
Buddhist, Sikh and Baha'i beliefs, says Nehal Mahmoud, marketing and
communications director with the centre.

"So they'll be looking at a number of places of worship across the city and
they'll have the opportunity to reflect on what they've learned and challenge
their preconceived notions," says Mahmoud.

"You read about different religious faiths, you hear about them, but you never
really get a behind-the-scenes look, to actually go in and see what their faith
is all about."

The program is tentatively scheduled to start in January 2013 and run through
April. Anyone interested in participating can contact the centre. Partnering
with the centre on the project are Red Deer Native Friendship Centre, National
Day of Healing and Reconciliation and the Edmonton Interfaith Centre.

"We've been doing a lot of work around building and understanding between the
Aboriginal and the non-Aboriginal communities," Vaugeois says. "We had done a
program previously with the Interfaith Centre, letting people explore different
faith perspectives ... and we really wanted people to be able to have these
opportunities to explore different faiths."

The John Humphrey Centre was one of 15 organizations across Canada, and the only
one in Alberta, to receive funding totalling $250,000 from the Inspirit
Foundation .

Inspirit says all winning projects aim at uniting young Canadians of different
spiritual, religious and secular beliefs around the common goal of improving
their communities.

John Humphrey's project stood out for a number of reasons, the foundation says.
One was its alignment with the foundation's mandate to bring young adults
together and change misconceptions they have about each other.

Another project that received a grant was by a Winnipeg group where aboriginal
youth will introduce newcomer youth to indigenous history, spirituality and
strategies that foster respect for diversity.

"I think the most fascinating thing about the John Humphrey Centre is that we
were founded by a Jew, a Sikh and a Catholic, three elders in our community.

"They really feel like the principles within the Universal Declaration of Human
Rrights are principles that connect to all faiths and bring us that common
ground to have conversations about issues that matter."

LOAD-DATE: November 24, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Bruce Edwards, Edmonton Journal; Nehal Mahmoud, left, and Renee
Vaugeois of the John Humphrey Centre for Peace and Human Rights, which has won a
$20,000 grant from the Inspirit Foundation.;

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 2012 Edmonton Journal, a division of Canwest MediaWorks Publication
                                      Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              524 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                        Santa Cruz Sentinel (California)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                           December 22, 2016 Thursday

Feds award Santa Cruz County homeless programs nearly $2 million

BYLINE: Jessica A. York, Santa Cruz Sentinel, Calif.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 774 words


Dec. 22--SANTA CRUZ -- Some 11 different programs providing homeless services
across Santa Cruz County have been awarded nearly $2 million in federal grant
dollars.

While much of the U.S. Housing and Urban Development's latest round of funding
comes in the form of annual awards that local agencies have come to depend on,
at least two grants expanded existing smaller efforts.

"We were really thrilled, because our county -- HAP (Homeless Action
Partnership) -- got the maximum amount of funding possible," United Way of Santa
Cruz Executive Director Mary Lou Goeke said. "It just speaks to the high quality
of our service providers, that we were able to compete nationally to such a
great degree, because it was a very competitive round this time."

Nationally, HUD distributed $1.95 billion in grants to nearly 7,600 homeless
assistance programs this year, even as it urged local homeless program
administrators such as Santa Cruz's grant administrators the Homeless Action
Partnership to prioritize programs with proven track records. The partnership is
made up of representatives Santa Cruz County, the cities of Santa Cruz,
Watsonville, Capitola and Scotts Valley and local homeless housing and services
providers.

Goeke, also a partnership board member, highlighted benefits of federal homeless
housing funding and the expansion of the "coordinated entry" Smart Path for
Housing and Health program. Continued grant support also comes for efforts such
as the Page Smith Community House shelter, the county's Families in Transition
housing, Brommer Street Transitional Housing and the county's Homeless
Management Information System, which will provide the backbone of information
for the Smart Path for Housing program.

The Smart Path for Housing and Health, an effort to connect homeless people with
the services they need on every level, is in its infancy and being run as a
pilot program for the county's highest-needs chronically homeless people. With
the new $75,000 grant, organizers are expected to launch a full-scale version of
the program by the fall, officials said. Through the "coordinated entry system,"
professionals would have access to each client's service history and referrals
would be made automatically.

"We definitely got seed money to start from Dignity Health, Packard Foundation
and Central California Alliance for Health, but it's a big countywide program
and we have to build it out with the technology and equipment and such," Goeke
said. "This will be good money, because it's not seed money. We can apply for it
every year -- it's more sustainability money."

The Encompass Community Services' Housing for Health program, which connects
participants with a nurse, mental health and substance use disorder specialists
and mental health and substance use disorders treatment, received an extra
nearly $135,000 on top of its existing three-year $1.2 million federal grant.

County Housing Coordinator Julie Conway praised the funding for the small
"scatter site" rental housing model, over larger housing projects for the
formerly homeless, despite needing to bring willing landlords on board.

"It's really fallen out of favor to have, we used to have what's called social
rehab programs, where people would live before they moved into housing of their
own. That's not currently considered a best practice," Conway said. "Instead,
what we try to do now is move people directly into housing and provide the
support that they need in that housing.

GRANT AWARDS

Agencies that assist homeless people in Santa Cruz County were awarded
$1,953,274 by the U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development. The
breakdown:

--$542,351: Homeless Persons Health Project's Meaningful Answers to Chronic
Homelessness.

--$475,734: Santa Cruz County Health Services Agency's Shelter Plus Care.

--184,609: Families in Transition Clean & Sober Shared Transitional Housing.

--$177,067: Families in Transition's First Step -- Scattered Site Housing for
Families and Children.

--$145,307: Homeless Services Center's Page Smith Community House.

--$134,537: Encompass Community Services' Housing for Health.

--$91,699: Community Technology Alliance Homeless Management Information System.

--$75,000: Coordinated Entry System.

--$57,067: Housing Authority's Brommer Street Transitional Housing Program.

--$54,258: Continuum of Care -- Homeless Action Partnership.

--$15,645: Encompass Community Services' Freedom Cottages.

Source: U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development

___ (c)2016 the Santa Cruz Sentinel (Scotts Valley, Calif.) Visit the Santa Cruz
Sentinel (Scotts Valley, Calif.) at www.santacruzsentinel.com Distributed by
Tribune Content Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: December 22, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20161222-QC-Feds-award-Santa-Cruz-County-homeless-programs-nearly-2-million-1222
-20161222

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: QC


                       Copyright 2016 Santa Cruz Sentinel


                              525 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                           Bangor Daily News (Maine)

                            November 8, 2015 Sunday

Bangor Savings Bank presents first part of $30,000 grant to The Maine Highlands
Senior Center

LENGTH: 536 words

DATELINE: DOVER-FOXCROFT


- On Oct. 13 Bangor Savings Bank Assistant Vice President and Dover-Foxcroft and
Greenville Branch Manager. Marilyn Hartford presented a $10,000 check to The
Maine Highlands Senior Center, representing the first payment of a $30,000 gift.


"This grant awarded from the Bangor Savings Bank Foundation to The Maine
Highlands Senior Center signifies our commitment to improving the quality of
life in the communities we serve," Hartford said. "This grant will help fund the
center's renovation of Central Hall, turning it into a multifunctional facility
for seniors and the greater Dover-Foxcroft community."


The Maine Highlands Senior Center is repurposing the historic Central Hall to
provide a variety of services to seniors and the region, including an Adult Day
Service Center, the Highlands, Senior Network and the Commons Event Center. It
is anticipated that the Charlotte White Center will staff and run the day
service center, which will serve 11 towns in southern Piscataquis County and the
adjoining area. The Highlands will occupy most of the first floor of Central
Hall and will offer a wide range of support services to caregivers, as well as
services for the physically dependent or disabled such as meals, transportation,
personal care services, personalized programs, socialization and assistance with
medication.


Working with other local organizations, Senior Network will connect all other
senior-focused programs so individuals can learn about available programs,
services, volunteering and activities for seniors throughout the region. Senior
Network will also provide seniors with luncheon programs, sponsored educational,
physical and social activities, and will link participants online to local
activities including a senior job bank. Located on the second floor will be the
Commons Event Center, available to all in the community for art shows, concerts,
balls, fundraisers, weddings, theater productions and more. The center will also
be available for programs for people of all ages, such as martial arts classes,
dance and gymnastics.


As renovations continue to Central Hall, lead paint and other hazardous
materials have been removed, new fire exists have been added and the fire and
electrical systems have been upgraded.


"The grant from the Bangor Savings Bank Foundation will help us get one step
closer to completing construction and restoring Central Hall to its former
beauty," said Chris Maas, treasurer of the Maine Highlands Senior Center. "We
look forward to opening our doors so seniors and their caregivers in the
Highlands region can receive the support and services to help them remain at
home, all the while making our community stronger through programs that unite
individuals from all generations."


"While Piscataquis County offers a wide range of medical and health facilities,
the Maine Highlands Senior Center will meet the need for adult day services,
senior programs, and a community center that will connect individuals of all
ages," Hartford said. "Bangor Savings Bank is honored to play a role in the
renovation of Central Hall. We look forward to seeing The Maine Highlands Senior
Center unite communities and generations, while providing much needed services
and programs."

LOAD-DATE: November 9, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2015 Bangor Daily News


                              526 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                           Bangor Daily News (Maine)

                            November 8, 2015 Sunday

Bangor Savings Bank presents first part of $30,000 grant to The Maine Highlands
Senior Center

LENGTH: 536 words

DATELINE: DOVER-FOXCROFT


- On Oct. 13 Bangor Savings Bank Assistant Vice President and Dover-Foxcroft and
Greenville Branch Manager. Marilyn Hartford presented a $10,000 check to The
Maine Highlands Senior Center, representing the first payment of a $30,000 gift.


"This grant awarded from the Bangor Savings Bank Foundation to The Maine
Highlands Senior Center signifies our commitment to improving the quality of
life in the communities we serve," Hartford said. "This grant will help fund the
center's renovation of Central Hall, turning it into a multifunctional facility
for seniors and the greater Dover-Foxcroft community."


The Maine Highlands Senior Center is repurposing the historic Central Hall to
provide a variety of services to seniors and the region, including an Adult Day
Service Center, the Highlands, Senior Network and the Commons Event Center. It
is anticipated that the Charlotte White Center will staff and run the day
service center, which will serve 11 towns in southern Piscataquis County and the
adjoining area. The Highlands will occupy most of the first floor of Central
Hall and will offer a wide range of support services to caregivers, as well as
services for the physically dependent or disabled such as meals, transportation,
personal care services, personalized programs, socialization and assistance with
medication.


Working with other local organizations, Senior Network will connect all other
senior-focused programs so individuals can learn about available programs,
services, volunteering and activities for seniors throughout the region. Senior
Network will also provide seniors with luncheon programs, sponsored educational,
physical and social activities, and will link participants online to local
activities including a senior job bank. Located on the second floor will be the
Commons Event Center, available to all in the community for art shows, concerts,
balls, fundraisers, weddings, theater productions and more. The center will also
be available for programs for people of all ages, such as martial arts classes,
dance and gymnastics.


As renovations continue to Central Hall, lead paint and other hazardous
materials have been removed, new fire exists have been added and the fire and
electrical systems have been upgraded.


"The grant from the Bangor Savings Bank Foundation will help us get one step
closer to completing construction and restoring Central Hall to its former
beauty," said Chris Maas, treasurer of the Maine Highlands Senior Center. "We
look forward to opening our doors so seniors and their caregivers in the
Highlands region can receive the support and services to help them remain at
home, all the while making our community stronger through programs that unite
individuals from all generations."


"While Piscataquis County offers a wide range of medical and health facilities,
the Maine Highlands Senior Center will meet the need for adult day services,
senior programs, and a community center that will connect individuals of all
ages," Hartford said. "Bangor Savings Bank is honored to play a role in the
renovation of Central Hall. We look forward to seeing The Maine Highlands Senior
Center unite communities and generations, while providing much needed services
and programs."

LOAD-DATE: November 9, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2015 Bangor Daily News


                              527 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                         The Chronicle of Philanthropy

                                February 9, 2014

Knight Awards Grants to Support Use of Data to Improve Health

BYLINE: Sarah Frostenson and Nicole Wallace

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY; Managing

LENGTH: 340  words

ABSTRACT

Public Laboratory, an environmental-science nonprofit, received a $350,000 grant
for its project to provide low-cost environmental monitoring tools.

FULL TEXT

Two and a half years ago, DoSomething.org, an organization that connects
teenagers to volunteer opportunities, received a text message that said, "He
won't stop raping me. It's my dad. Are you there?"

Unequipped to respond to messages from troubled teenagers, DoSomething developed
Crisis Text Line, a support line with counselors available to talk by text
message at any hour of the day.

Though still in its testing phase, Crisis Text Line has already had 17,000
conversations with teenagers. The project plans to expand nationally and begin
analyzing the data it is collecting, thanks to a $350,000 grant from the John S.
and James L. Knight Foundation.

DoSomething is one of seven organizations that received $2.2-million in grants
from Knight for programs that seek to use data to improve health and well-being.

Other winners include:

PersonalGenomes.org received the largest amount, $500,000, to create the Open
Humans Network, an online tool that will connect people willing to publicly
share their health data with researchers. Born out of the Harvard Personal
Genome Project, the online tool will allow people to view in one place health
data from all the studies in which they participate.

Public Laboratory, an environmental-science nonprofit, received a $350,000 grant
for its Homebrew Sensing Project, which provides low-cost tools to people who
live in environmentally sensitive places so they can monitor and evaluate
oil-refinery emissions and other factors affecting air and water quality.
Started in 2010 after the BP oil spill along the Gulf Coast, Public Laboratory
has worked to involve communities in research collaboration.

The grant winners were chosen from a pool of 686 applications. Nine other
projects won $35,000 grants through the Knight Prototype Fund, which supports
experimental ideas still in their infancy.

For more information: Go to newschallenge.org.

LOAD-DATE: February 18, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Public Laboratory creates tools that let people monitor environmental
conditions.
Public Laboratory
Tech Column 1

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2014 The Chronicle of Philanthropy
                              All Rights Reserved


                              528 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                               Newtownabbey Times

                             May 16, 2012 Wednesday

New look for Doagh Playgroup after funding award

LENGTH: 280  words


DOAGH Playgroup staff and children have celebrated winning a grant for the
supply of new equipment.

The group, based in the Orange Hall in The Entry in the village, has already
undergone a transformation after a refurbishment carried out by Doagh Cultural
Society.

The main playroom was renovated with an improved layout allowing more activity
space to be used and a new kitchen separate to the playroom was installed.

To compliment the new premises playgroup Leader Beth Greer applied for funding
for new equipment  through the Veolia Connect Programme.

The programme is designed to help community groups and organisations across
Ireland.

Beth provided a detailed breakdown of the new equipment she thought would be
beneficial for the children and her reasons for choosing the items.

She applied for funding for a lightbox, seating, storage, office equipment and
musical instruments, all for the benefit of the group and its children.

Following her application the programme approved a grant of 2,000 Euro.

The children in the group can now enjoy a reading corner, a lightbox to help
stimulate their interest and curiosity in colours and new musical instruments
which can take them on a trip around the world using various different sounds.

The playgroup's staff, including Jo Preston and Tara Whitehouse were delighted
with the reward.

"As indeed are the children," said group Leader Beth.

"The mums are also delighted with the refurbished premises and the wonderful
newly fitted playroom."

Beth thanked the Veolia Environment Connect Community Fund for its consideration
and financial assistance and Creative Activity in Londonderry for its help and
advice when supplying the equipment.

LOAD-DATE: June 15, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: INNT


                       Copyright 2012 Johnston Press Plc
                              All Rights Reserved


                              529 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          The Tampa Tribune (Florida)

                             April 28, 2014 Monday

SECTION: METRO; Business; Pg. 15

LENGTH: 455 words



HIGHLIGHT: Biz Cal for 8/28/13 - Use Rick Kriseman mug


Join the Greater Tampa Chamber of Commerce for its monthly Competitive Edge
Series featuring Debbie Lundberg of Presenting Powerfully by Debbie Lundberg, at
11:45 a.m. Tuesday at the Chamber offices, 201 N. Franklin St.

Lundberg's topic is Time Management & Organization for Impact & Balance.
Attendees will have the opportunity to work through a professional scenario,
gain insight into how to best plan for balance, and experience the impact of
being in control.

The cost is $35 for members, $50 for nonmembers and free for FIT Two members.
(FIT One members receive two free Competitive Edge registrations per year per
company.) To register, visit www.tampachamber.com .

Engage St. Pete welcomes Kriseman

The Sunset Rotary Club of St. Petersburg and the St. Petersburg Young
Professionals invite young and up-and-coming St. Petersburg professionals to
Engage St. Pete, an event that connects young professionals with community
leaders, at 6 p.m. Wednesday at One Progress Plaza, 200 Central Ave. in St.
Petersburg.

Young professionals can connect with community leaders in an intimate, casual
setting starting with a cocktail hour with free food and drinks. St. Petersburg
Mayor Rick Kriseman kicks off the night as keynote speaker. Attendees will have
the opportunity to attend two 40-minute breakout sessions focusing on topics of
interest including Greenlight Pinellas, The Pier, transportation, starting a
business and more. Tickets are $10 in advance or $15 at the door, and you can
reserve your spot by calling (727) 821-4069 or go to
EngageStPete.com .

Free grant writing workshop offered

Staff administrators and board members for nonprofit groups, faith-based
organizations, government agencies and other tax-exempt organizations are
invited to a free Professional Grant Writing Workshop at 2 p.m. Wednesday at the
Children's Board of Hillsborough County, 1002 E. Palm Ave. in Tampa. Learn about
the different type of grants and identify research tools available to the grant
seeker. Hosted by the Center for Non-Profit and Community Development and the
National Institute for Strategic and Tactical Planning.

Seating is limited. For information, call Michael Randolph at (813) 857-7657 or
email wefindgrants@aol .com .

Chamber to host  networking event

South Tampa Chamber of Commerce hosts a Good Morning South Tampa networking
event at 7:30 a.m. Thursday at Office Pride Commercial Cleaning Services at BB&T
Bank, 4820 S. Himes Ave. in Tampa. Join Chamber members for coffee and
networking; free to all South Tampa Chamber members and guests. Register online
at business .southtampachamber.org /Events.

If you are interested in hosting a networking event, call the Chamber office at
(813) 637-0156.

From staff reports

LOAD-DATE: April 28, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


           Copyright 2014 The Tribune Co. Publishes The Tampa Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved


                              530 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                  Wisconsin State Journal (Madison, Wisconsin)

                            November 8, 2013 Friday
                                  ALL EDITION

TRAIL PLANS MOVE AHEAD IN MAZOMANIE, DEFOREST;
FOCUS ON DANE COUNTY

BYLINE:  DENNIS PUNZEL , Wisconsin State Journal , dpunzel@madison.com ,
608-252-6179

SECTION: LOCAL; Pg. A2

LENGTH: 401 words


Dane County's recreational trail network is on the verge of expanding, with two
trails in different parts of the county getting the go-ahead.

Work has begun on a 2-mile Wolf Run Trail that will connect downtown Mazomanie
to Wisconsin Heights High School, thanks to a $50,000 grant from the Madison
Community Foundation.

In DeForest, construction is set to begin next year on an expansion of the Upper
Yahara River Trail, with the help of grants totaling nearly $514,000 from three
organizations.

The Wolf Run Trail is part of a proposed 18-mile Good Neighbor Trail that
ultimately will connect Mazomanie and Middleton, running roughly parallel to
Highway 14, Black Earth Creek and the Wisconsin & Southern Railroad tracks.

The first 1.2 miles of the trail is expected to be completed this month, with
the rest of the route to the high school to be done next year. The trail is
expected to be available for snowmobilers this winter.

"The Wolf Run Trail is going to be a wonderful resource for the community," said
Scott Stokes, president of the Wolf Run Association. "It's a beautiful trail and
a safe route to school."

In addition to the planned trail to Middleton, organizers envision the trail
extending north of Mazomanie to the Sauk Prairie area and then on to Devil's
Lake State Park.

"The big picture for economic benefit is to connect," Stokes said. "We're trying
to build on our success and get every connection we can.

"We're the trail head right now. We're the first ones to actually build a piece
of the trail, and I think that's going to spark interest and enthusiasm for the
others to know that it's possible."

The DeForest trail will expand the existing Upper Yahara River Trail, which
begins at Windsor Road and extends nearly 2.4 miles to Sunnybrook Park. The new
trail will pick up there and continue to South Street to extend the trail to 2.7
miles.

From South Street, trail users can connect to the existing 2-mile Western Green
Trail through the Mayapple Trail access point.

When completed, trail users will be able to travel from Windsor Road to downtown
and schools entirely by an off-street trail network.

Funding for the trail is coming from three sources: $225,000 from a Dane County
Partners for Recreation and Conservation (PARC) grant, $45,000 from a
Recreational Trail Act grant and $243,997 from a state Department of Natural
Resources Stewardship Acquisition of Development Rights program.

LOAD-DATE: November 11, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2013 Madison Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              531 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            December 4, 2015 Friday

Washington: CASTRO ANNOUNCES $45K TO SUPPORT CHILD NUTRITION IN SAN ANTONIO

LENGTH: 365 words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Washington: Office of the MP Joaquin Castro has issued the following news
release:



 Congressmen Joaquin Castro (TX-20) today announced $45,000 in federal grants
from the U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA) to support a healthy eating
initiative for San Antonio children. The North East Independent School District
(NEISD) will receive the funding through the Farm to School Grants fund, which
supports efforts to connect child nutrition programs with local farmers and
ranchers through USDA's Farm to School Program.





 &ldquo;Understanding where their food comes from and the importance of good
nutrition sets up young Americans to live healthier, more engaged lives,&rdquo;
said Rep. Castro. &ldquo;USDA's Farm to School Program not only helps our kids
learn to eat nutritionally balanced meals, it connects our region's farmers and
ranchers directly with local schools and a reliable market. I look forward to
seeing the innovative ways NEISD uses this funding to improve students'
long-term health and support the broader San Antonio food community.&rdquo;



 USDA's Farm to School Grants fund assists school districts, state and local
agencies, tribal nations, agricultural producers, and non-profit organizations
in their efforts to increase local foods served through child nutrition
programs, teach children about food and agriculture through garden and classroom
education, and develop schools' and farmers' capacities to participate in farm
to school. Awards ranging from $20,000 to $100,000 are distributed in four
different grant categories: Planning, Implementation, Support Service, and
Training. The grant USDA awarded NEISD falls in the Planning category.



 The North East Independent School District will use the funding to lay the
foundation for a thriving farm to school program throughout the entire district
of almost 68,000 students. The district will work to identify community partners
and sources of fresh, local produce. Project goals include offering a farm to
school training for community partners and creating a school garden how-to video
and toolkit.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:

 editorial@plusme.coma

LOAD-DATE: December 4, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              532 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                        The Telegraph (Alton, Illinios)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            August 23, 2008 Saturday

Glazebook Park expansion explained

BYLINE: Jill Moon, The Telegraph, Alton, Ill.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 541 words


Aug. 23--GODFREY -- A grant will allow expansion at Robert E. Glazebrook Park
and new baseball diamonds.

The village of Godfrey hosted an informational meeting and workshop Monday for
citizens to discuss the Phase 1 expansion of Glazebrook Park that includes
construction of up to eight baseball/softball diamonds, a parking lot and a
bicycle/walking trail on the expansion's easternmost portion. The expansion will
add 80 acres immediately east of the park, now a 40-acre tract located on
Stamper Lane.

Official word of a $400,000 grant came to the Godfrey Parks and Recreation
Department in April. The money will be used to expand the 10-year-old park,
purchased by the village from Robert E. and Norma Glazebrook, who donated the
improvement funding.

Godfrey Parks and Recreation Department Director Kimberly Caughran has been
instrumental in getting at least four grants for the department since she began
working there three years ago.

"It's nice to use funding other than Godfrey's tax dollars," she said.

Funding for the grants the village has received comes from Madison County and
state and federal governments.

Phase 1 could take up to three years to complete, but as each part of the phase
is completed, citizens could be able to use it. The number of ball diamonds will
depend upon the success of Godfrey's publicly funded baseball program, Caughran
said.

"It's a strong program and steadily increasing," she said. "We have to see how
costs come in and how our program numbers look. If our community looks like it's
going in a different direction than baseball, and we need a different facility
there, that's what we would do."

In the conceptual plan, there are four standard-sized ball diamonds and four
smaller ones for players in the youth program. The grant criterion was based
upon the current condition and future of the existing facilities.

Currently, Godfrey uses ball diamonds owned by Lewis and Clark Community
College.

"We need to account for our own ball diamonds," Caughran said.

About 30 people attended the informational meeting, which Caughran considered a
good turnout.

"Most were very excited and positive," she said. "They were happy they were
included in the process."

A few property owners in the Belmont Village subdivision expressed concern about
how close the completed expansion would be to their property line, which is
unknown at this time.

"We have a conceptual drawing only and need to get it laid out," Caughran said.

A new bicycle/walking asphalt trail would be 8 feet wide and a mile long. It
will not connect to the existing trail in Glazebrook Park at this point but
eventually will connect to it.

Additionally, a concession stand is not included in this grant budget, but ball
diamond bleachers and site amenities such as picnic tables, park benches and
trash cans are included.

jill_moon@thetelegraph.com

To see more of The Telegraph or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.thetelegraph.com/. Copyright (c) 2008, The Telegraph, Alton, Ill.
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: August 23, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20080823-AI-Glazebook-Park-expansion-explained-0823

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: AI


                          Copyright 2008 The Telegraph


                              533 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                        Sanford Herald (North Carolina)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                           January 13, 2016 Wednesday

$6.3 million to CCCC among bond measure funds

BYLINE: Shawn Taylor, The Sanford Herald, N.C.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 943 words


Jan. 13--SANFORD -- Officials with Central Carolina Community College and the
city of Sanford are among those encouraging the public to vote in favor of a $2
billion bond measure that would provide funds for infrastructure improvement
across the state.

Voters in North Carolina will have the option to vote "for" or "against" the
Connect N.C. Bond measure when they cast their ballots in the March 15 primary.
If the measure receives a majority vote in favor, the state will be authorized
to issue a number of bonds to provide funds for the state's community colleges,
the University of North Carolina system, the state parks system, water and sewer
grants and loans, agriculture, the National Guard and state zoos.

CCCC will receive $6.3 million of the $350 million allocated to community
colleges should the measure be approved, according to the text of the Connect NC
Bond Act of 2015, which was passed by a bipartisan vote in the N.C. General
Assembly last year.

"We really don't want to count our chickens before they hatch," said CCCC
President Bud Marchant, "but if the bond passes in March, we will get with our
board of trustees and come up with a strategic plan on how these funds should be
used."

Marchant said the board hasn't yet met to adopt an official stance regarding the
measure, but he personally would encourage voters to approve it. He said that he
would like to see the funds, if given, used to reroute Kelly Drive around
campus. Currently the drive splits the campus into two halves.

"The cars on Kelly Drive worry me," Marchant said. "Students are walking on the
street at all hours." He added that he would support using the bond for other
projects as well, including roof repairs on the Chatham and Harnett County
campuses and new construction on the Lee County campus.

Around $100 million in bonds will be provided for projects with the state parks
system, according to the law. Of those, $1.12 million will be for Raven Rock
State Park near Lillington, and $3 million will be for Jordan Lake near Apex,
said Charlie Peek, public information officer with the state parks system.

Peek said the funds would be used to add new campsites or update existing
campsites at both parks. Raven Rock, in particular, would receive a drive-to
campground, whereas all its campsites are now hike-to.

"We would be very happy to see this approved," Peek said. "I think this would be
a great way for the people to show their support for the state park system, this
year being our centennial year."

Around $300 million in bonds -- $200 million in low-interest loans and $100
million in grants -- would go to local communities to improve their water and
sewer systems, according to city of Sanford Manager Hal Hegwer. And although
Sanford now is considering different strategies to expand the sewer system to
many of the 2,000 residents who use septic tanks, Hegwer said that bonds were
unlikely to be given for connecting homeowners to an existing system. Instead,
Hegwer said the funds likely would be used for updating existing systems and
creating jobs around the state.

But Hegwer did praise the Connect N.C. Bond measure, saying that if passed, the
city would explore ways to apply for funds. He said Sanford had benefited from
similar state funds in the past.

"You've got to invest to stay competitive in this world, and hopefully that also
improves quality of life along the way," Hegwer said.

According to Melanie Jennings, communications manager for N.C. Gov. Pat McCrory,
if the bond were to pass, taxes would not be raised. Instead, she said, funds
would be paid back longterm, adding that the State Treasurer and the nonpartisan
Debt Affordability Committee found that the $2 billion was well within the
state's current debt affordability.

"It's similar to a mortgage in that you don't pay for the house the day you move
in," Jennings said, explaining that the bond measure would allow the state to
hire contractors to work on the various infrastructure projects and pay them
back over 20 years.

Lee County Manager John Crumpton said that the county commissioners have yet to
adopt a formal resolution recommending to voters whether to approve or
disapprove the measure. He said besides the projects at CCCC, the measure won't
have much impact on Lee County.

"It will probably help other communities more than it will help us, but we are
all in this together," Crumpton said.

According to the official website for the Connect N.C. Bond measure, connect
.nc.gov, a total of $432.6 million in bonds will be allocated to the North
Central region of the state, which includes Lee, Harnett, Chatham, Orange, Wake,
Durham, Johnson, Franklin, Warren, Vance, Granville, Person, Nash, Wilson and
Edgecombe counties. Included for this area are plans to potentially build a
veterinary, food, drug, and motor fuels lab in Wake County and a plant sciences
building at N.C. State University.

Statewide, 49 percent of the bond funds, or $980 million, would go to the UNC
system. On Jan. 21, the N.C. Cooperative Extension Service will host Richard
Campbell, COO of Agriculture & Life Sciences from NCSU, at the Sanford Extension
office. Campbell is expected to speak about the Connect N.C. bond measure to
community leaders at that time.

The measure also will approve $8.5 million for the Department of Public Safety's
Samarcand Training Academy in Moore County.

State Sen. Ronald Rabin, Rep. Brad Salmon and Robert Reives II, each of whom
represent Lee County in state government, voted to pass the Connect N.C. Bond
Act.

___ (c)2016 The Sanford Herald (Sanford, N.C.) Visit The Sanford Herald
(Sanford, N.C.) at www.sanfordherald.com Distributed by Tribune Content Agency,
LLC.

LOAD-DATE: January 13, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20160113-HD-6.3-million-to-CCCC-among-bond-measure-funds-0113-20160113

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: HD


                         Copyright 2016 Sanford Herald


                              534 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                              Victor Harbor Times

                           February 16, 2012 Thursday

Strong call for a youth area in Yank

BYLINE: JULIA BECKETT

SECTION: EARLY GENERAL NEWS; Pg. 9

LENGTH: 535 words


YANKALILLA DISTRICT - Young people in the Yankalilla region have become
'disenfranchised' by a lack of their own dedicated space, according to a former
district councillor.

Andrew Gebhardt made a presentation at the January council meeting, asking for
action on building a 'youth shed' as an annexe to the Youth and Community Centre
in Yankalilla.

He said that until The Centre was built young people had 'The Edge', a shed that
served for many years as their space for messy projects and just hanging out.

Government grants to build The Centre required that it be for the whole
community, not just for young people.

"They cannot have their posters and material on the walls because it needs to be
dismantled for the next lot of users at The Centre.

"There is also a lack of space to store equipment for sport, hobbies, recreation
and games."

Mr Gebhardt spoke passionately of the need to cater for the youth of today, who
will be the citizens of tomorrow.

"Some of the youth from all communities are disadvantaged - from dysfunctional
homes and with other impediments - ours is no exception."

He said there were many potential distractions such as drugs, cyber bullying and
antisocial behaviour such as graffiti.

"All these tendencies are exacerbated by a lack of interesting opportunities and
guidance."

He said late in 2010 there had been a plan to build a shed with funding from the
Lions organisation and a government Youth Connect program.

It would have required only a modest contribution from council to make it
happen, but had to wait until after the council elections.

Mr Gebhardt said he had planned to address council last February, but had been
asked by former mayor Paul Newman to wait until council's strategic plan was
finished.

"It is now 14 months later and absolutely nothing has been done," he said,
expressing his disappointment that the shed plan had since lapsed and the grant
funding was no longer available.

Mr Gebhardt was the chairman of council's community reference group for The
Centre until the newly elected council dispensed with such groups.

He said the Yankalilla Youth Advisory Committee representatives had consistently
had The Shed as their top priority.

"Please would the elected members take the necessary steps to ensure a new
proposal be developed for this effective and worthwhile project and that The
Shed is built and functioning as soon as possible.

"This will make right the wrong, ...and replace the facility that was
inadvertently taken away from the youth of Yankalilla."

Yankalilla council chief executive Roger Sweetman said there was a Youth Connect
grant that was possible for this type of project.

"Council applied for this grant in 2011 but was unsuccessful."

He said the application may have more chance of success if linked in with the
Yankalilla Area School's Target Works program, which assists students to gain
training in the building and construction industry.

"Funding for 2012 is available but the timeline is very short."

Mr Sweetman said council would be better placed to apply for 2013 and have its
half of the funding, estimated at $15-20,000, confirmed before applying.

He said a proposal would be included in council's budget planning for the
2012-13 financial year.

LOAD-DATE: February 15, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


             Copyright 2012 Fairfax Media Publications Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              535 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                            Express & Echo (Exeter)

                                February 4, 1999

Bampton Village Hall wins Connect SW Bright Ideas competition and gets new
lights. Entry put forward by Peter Larg.

SECTION: Pg.99

LENGTH: 458 words


THINGS just keep on getting better and better for the organisers and users of
Bampton's Community Hall.

Last year they managed to secure a lottery grant of GBP !8,000 and this year
they have just won a competition giving them GBP 2,000 of improved lighting.

Plans drawn-up by the hall's Hon Secretary, Peter Larg, were chosen as the best
in Devon and secured first place in the annual Connect South West Bright Ideas
Competition.

But Mr Larg admits that they only just hit the competition deadline.

"We only got to hear about it one week before the deadline," he said. "We had to
draw up plans and submit a 250 -word entry saying how the GBP 2,000 prize would
help improve our lighting.

"A couple of us got together and worked it all out and, to make sure that we hit
the deadline, I took the proposal into the Connect South West office in person,
but we never really thought we would win.

"Then out of the blue I got a phonecall saying we had been short-listed and the
next day a call saying we had won. We were all absolutely delighted."

Over the past decade the hall has seen many improvements and is now used every
day by the people of the village.

It was built in 1920 and was known as the Church Institution. During the war
years it was used as an emergency hospital.

In 1992 it was decided to try and renovate and refurbish it.  The people of the
village joined together and raised GBP 18,000, the Royal Development Commission
gave them a grant of GBP 6,000 and the Escott Trust also made a contribution.

This work was completed in 1996.

"We had a building that was much better than it was, but we still felt that more
work was needed," said Mr Larg. "We applied to the Community Council of Devon
for a grant of GBP 9,000 and that application was approved.

"Then just 48-hours later I heard that our application for a lottery grant of
GBP 18,000 had been approved. We could not believe our luck."

The committee told the CC they no longer needed the money and the lottery cash
has meant that new floors, window, doors and a roof could be put on the hall and
the garden improved.

"Last year was a very lucky year for us and this year has started the same way,"
said Mr Larg. "We have now got a really nice building which is used every single
day.

"We are also now self-funding and have our own constitution and management
committee and fundraising managers.

"We have made a real effort to make sure that the whole community gets value for
money out of this hall and I think we have achieved that."

"It is very rewarding to see it so well used, and so well liked, an awful lot of
people have put in a lot of hard work so that we can reach this stage.

"You could say that the new lighting when we get it will be the candles on the
cake for us."

LOAD-DATE: February 9, 1999

LANGUAGE: English

                         Copyright 1999 Express & Echo


                              536 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                             Baker City Herald, Ore

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            December 11, 2009 Friday

Healthcare group receives $600,000

BYLINE: Ed Merriman, Baker City Herald, Ore.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 549 words


Dec. 11--Northeast Oregon Network, a health collaborative serving Baker, Union
and Wallowa counties, has been awarded three grants totaling more than $600,000
to improve healthcare access in the region.

Two grants are from the federal government and the third is from The Regence
Foundation, the corporate philanthropic foundation of Regence BlueCross
BlueShield of Oregon.

"We know the effects of the recession have been acutely felt here in rural
Eastern Oregon, and it's more difficult than ever for many to find health care,"
said Miriam Lederer Farnam, NEON executive director. "As an organization, we're
grateful for these grants to enable us to grow and create jobs locally, and at
the same time connect our community with needed healthcare resources."

Farnam said the grant money will be used to increase access to integrated health
care for children and families in the three counties.

The largest of the three grants comes from the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid
Services, which awarded NEON $465,000 over the next two years under the
Children's Health Improvement Reauthorization Act.

The Medicare/Medicaid grant is earmarked for NEON's "Covering Kids and Families
Eastern Oregon" program, which connects uninsured individuals and families to
health coverage. Farnam said the money will allow NEON to expand the program to
increase enrollment of rural children in insurance plans.

The second grant is from the Health Resources and Services Administration, which
awarded NEON $80,000 to conduct a tri-county health needs assessment, as part of
a one-year planning process for attaining Federally-Qualified Health Center
status, and to apply for designation as a regional Health Provider Shortage
Area.

That designation would ultimately provide additional resources to the three
counties to help overcome deficiencies in access to healthcare services,
according to a statement from NEON announcing the grant awards.

The Regence Foundation awarded NEON $65,000 to extend the reach of its Covering
Kids and Families Eastern Oregon program by helping enrollees find primary care
providers once they have health coverage.

Currently, up to half of all new enrollees do not have a doctor. Farnam said the
Regence Foundation grant will allow outreach specialists to help their clients
apply and become enrolled in health coverage. It will also help facilitate an
ongoing, patient-centered relationship with a physician suitable for their
needs.

"The Regence Foundation believes that access to quality, affordable health care
close to home is the cornerstone of a healthy community," said Michael
Alexander, Regence Foundation board chairman.

In the tri-county area served by NEON, at least 15 percent of the population is
uninsured and the unemployment rate is hovering between 10 and 15 percent, which
Alexander said makes the work of a healthcare collaborative like NEON critical.

To see more of the Baker City Herald or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.bakercityherald.com. Copyright (c) 2009, Baker City Herald, Ore.
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: December 26, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20091211-1BC-Healthcare-group-receives-600,000-1211

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1BC


                                 Copyright 2009


                              537 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                       The Daily Record (Baltimore, MD.)

                           December 15, 1995, Friday

Panel Recommends Schools Connect to Internet Now

SECTION: Pg.  1

LENGTH: 190 words


Communities should work now to scrape up the money to connect their schools and
communities to the global computer network by 2000, a presidential panel
recommended. ''We know it's going to happen anyway in 15 to 20 years,'' said Ed
McCracken, co-chairman of the U.S. Advisory Council on the National Information
Infrastructure. ''What we decided was, why not try to do it earlier? The
benefits to the country would be great,'' said McCracken, who is chief executive
officer of Silicon Graphics Inc. It would cost about $ 11 billion to connect all
public schools to the worldwide computer network known as the Internet by 2000,
the panel estimated Wednesday. Finding the money is only the first challenge.
Schools often hesitate, fearing they will buy the wrong thing or spend thousands
on equipment that quickly becomes obsolete, the panel noted. Community leaders
are key because federal grants pay for only a few pilot projects, said Carol
Fukunaga, a Hawaii state senator on the panel. But it encouraged schools to seek
help anywhere: from corporations, state agencies or colleges or by switching
money in their own budgets.

LOAD-DATE: December 15, 1995

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 1995 The Daily Record Co.


                              538 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           September 27, 2016 Tuesday

USDA Funds 18 Distance Learning and Telemedicine Projects in 16 States

LENGTH: 716  words

DATELINE: New York



 Phoenix: U.S Department of Agriculture, The State of Arizona has issued the
following news release:



 Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack today announced that USDA is investing in 18
projects in 16 states to use communications technology to expand access to
health care, substance misuse treatment and advanced educational opportunities.





 "These investments will help provide better health care and educational
opportunities for rural residents," Vilsack said. "Hospitals, schools and
training centers across the country are successfully using telecommunications to
deliver quality educational and medical services. Telemedicine, for example, can
help treat patients who are struggling with opioid and other substance use
disorders that disproportionately affect rural areas by allowing rural hospitals
to connect with resources in other health care facilities across the country to
better diagnose and treat individuals."



 In January, President Obama tapped Secretary Vilsack to lead an interagency
effort focused on the rural opioid epidemic. Recent efforts have helped identify
effective tools to reduce drug use and overdose, including evidence-based
prevention programs, prescription drug monitoring, medication-assisted treatment
and the overdose reversal drug naloxone. On Aug. 31, Vilsack announced an
initiative to provide transitional housing for rural Americans in recovery from
substance use disorders.



 USDA is awarding $4.7 million in Distance Learning and Telemedicine (DLT)
program grants to support 11 distance learning and seven telemedicine projects.
These will join the 80 DLT projects USDA announced July 14.



 The McLeod Regional Medical Center of Pee Dee, Inc., is receiving a $420,092
grant to connect doctors in Florence, S.C., to seven mental and primary health
care centers throughout the state. Six of the centers are in counties served by
USDA's StrikeForce for Rural Growth and Opportunity initiative. Through
StrikeForce, USDA staff work with state, local and community officials to
increase awareness of and participation in USDA programs and services to help
create jobs and promote economic development in rural areas.



 In Illinois, the Bushnell-Prairie City District #170 is getting a $313,572
grant to set up a network to provide instruction to 14 middle and high schools
in Illinois, Tennessee and Wisconsin. It also will offer vocational training to
promote economic growth. Five of the end-user sites are in StrikeForce counties.




 Funding for each project announced today is contingent upon the recipient
meeting the terms of the grant agreement.



 On June 30, the Florence County (S.C.) Commission on Alcohol & Drug Abuse
received a $318,218 DLT grant to provide video conferencing equipment to connect
health clinics to the Commission's hub sites. The Commission provides
comprehensive prevention, intervention and treatment to citizens in need of
alcohol, tobacco and other drug abuse services. The Carilion Medical Center in
Roanoke, Va., received a $434,182 DLT grant on July 14 to provide health care,
including tele-psychiatry services, to treat opioid misuse in 12 rural counties
in southwest Virginia.



 USDA Rural Development has provided $239.5 million for 729 DLT projects in
rural areas nationwide since 2009. USDA's Rural Utilities Service, which
administers the DLT program, also offers infrastructure programs that bring
broadband, safe drinking water and improved wastewater treatment facilities to
rural communities.



 Since 2009, USDA Rural Development @USDARDThis is an external link or
third-party site outside of the United States Department of Agriculture (USDA)
website. ) has helped bring high-speed Internet access to nearly 6 million rural
residents and businesses; invested nearly $13 billion to start or expand nearly
112,000 rural businesses; helped 1.1 million rural residents buy homes; and
funded nearly 9,200 community facilities such as schools, public safety and
health care facilities. USDA also has invested $31.3 billion in 963 electric
projects that have financed more than 185,000 miles of transmission and
distribution lines serving 4.6 million rural residents. For more information,
visit www.usda.gov/results.





 In case of any query regarding this article or other content please contact:
editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: September 28, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              539 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           September 20, 2016 Tuesday

Washington: USDA Funds 18 Distance Learning and Telemedicine Projects in 16
States

LENGTH: 708  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: United States Department of Agriculture has issued the following
news release:



 Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack today announced that USDA is investing in 18
projects in 16 states to use communications technology to expand access to
health care, substance misuse treatment and advanced educational opportunities.





 "These investments will help provide better health care and educational
opportunities for rural residents," Vilsack said. "Hospitals, schools and
training centers across the country are successfully using telecommunications to
deliver quality educational and medical services. Telemedicine, for example, can
help treat patients who are struggling with opioid and other substance use
disorders that disproportionately affect rural areas by allowing rural hospitals
to connect with resources in other health care facilities across the country to
better diagnose and treat individuals."



 In January, President Obama tapped Secretary Vilsack to lead an interagency
effort focused on the rural opioid epidemic. Recent efforts have helped identify
effective tools to reduce drug use and overdose, including evidence-based
prevention programs, prescription drug monitoring, medication-assisted treatment
and the overdose reversal drug naloxone. On Aug. 31, Vilsack announced an
initiative to provide transitional housing for rural Americans in recovery from
substance use disorders.



 USDA is awarding $4.7 million in Distance Learning and Telemedicine (DLT)
program grants to support 11 distance learning and seven telemedicine projects.
These will join the 80 DLT projects USDA announced July 14.



 The McLeod Regional Medical Center of Pee Dee, Inc., is receiving a $420,092
grant to connect doctors in Florence, S.C., to seven mental and primary health
care centers throughout the state. Six of the centers are in counties served by
USDA's StrikeForce for Rural Growth and Opportunity initiative. Through
StrikeForce, USDA staff work with state, local and community officials to
increase awareness of and participation in USDA programs and services to help
create jobs and promote economic development in rural areas.



 In Illinois, the Bushnell-Prairie City District #170 is getting a $313,572
grant to set up a network to provide instruction to 14 middle and high schools
in Illinois, Tennessee and Wisconsin. It also will offer vocational training to
promote economic growth. Five of the end-user sites are in StrikeForce counties.




 Funding for each project announced today is contingent upon the recipient
meeting the terms of the grant agreement.



 On June 30, the Florence County (S.C.) Commission on Alcohol & Drug Abuse
received a $318,218 DLT grant to provide video conferencing equipment to connect
health clinics to the Commission's hub sites. The Commission provides
comprehensive prevention, intervention and treatment to citizens in need of
alcohol, tobacco and other drug abuse services. The Carilion Medical Center in
Roanoke, Va., received a $434,182 DLT grant on July 14 to provide health care,
including tele-psychiatry services, to treat opioid misuse in 12 rural counties
in southwest Virginia.



 USDA Rural Development has provided $239.5 million for 729 DLT projects in
rural areas nationwide since 2009. USDA's Rural Utilities Service, which
administers the DLT program, also offers infrastructure programs that bring
broadband, safe drinking water and improved wastewater treatment facilities to
rural communities.



 Since 2009, USDA Rural Development @USDARDThis is an external link or
third-party site outside of the United States Department of Agriculture (USDA)
website. ) has helped bring high-speed Internet access to nearly 6 million rural
residents and businesses; invested nearly $13 billion to start or expand nearly
112,000 rural businesses; helped 1.1 million rural residents buy homes; and
funded nearly 9,200 community facilities such as schools, public safety and
health care facilities. USDA also has invested $31.3 billion in 963 electric
projects that have financed more than 185,000 miles of transmission and
distribution lines serving 4.6 million rural residents.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:

 editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: September 20, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              540 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           September 20, 2016 Tuesday

Washington: USDA Funds 18 Distance Learning and Telemedicine Projects in 16
States

LENGTH: 708  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: United States Department of Agriculture has issued the following
news release:



 Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack today announced that USDA is investing in 18
projects in 16 states to use communications technology to expand access to
health care, substance misuse treatment and advanced educational opportunities.





 "These investments will help provide better health care and educational
opportunities for rural residents," Vilsack said. "Hospitals, schools and
training centers across the country are successfully using telecommunications to
deliver quality educational and medical services. Telemedicine, for example, can
help treat patients who are struggling with opioid and other substance use
disorders that disproportionately affect rural areas by allowing rural hospitals
to connect with resources in other health care facilities across the country to
better diagnose and treat individuals."



 In January, President Obama tapped Secretary Vilsack to lead an interagency
effort focused on the rural opioid epidemic. Recent efforts have helped identify
effective tools to reduce drug use and overdose, including evidence-based
prevention programs, prescription drug monitoring, medication-assisted treatment
and the overdose reversal drug naloxone. On Aug. 31, Vilsack announced an
initiative to provide transitional housing for rural Americans in recovery from
substance use disorders.



 USDA is awarding $4.7 million in Distance Learning and Telemedicine (DLT)
program grants to support 11 distance learning and seven telemedicine projects.
These will join the 80 DLT projects USDA announced July 14.



 The McLeod Regional Medical Center of Pee Dee, Inc., is receiving a $420,092
grant to connect doctors in Florence, S.C., to seven mental and primary health
care centers throughout the state. Six of the centers are in counties served by
USDA's StrikeForce for Rural Growth and Opportunity initiative. Through
StrikeForce, USDA staff work with state, local and community officials to
increase awareness of and participation in USDA programs and services to help
create jobs and promote economic development in rural areas.



 In Illinois, the Bushnell-Prairie City District #170 is getting a $313,572
grant to set up a network to provide instruction to 14 middle and high schools
in Illinois, Tennessee and Wisconsin. It also will offer vocational training to
promote economic growth. Five of the end-user sites are in StrikeForce counties.




 Funding for each project announced today is contingent upon the recipient
meeting the terms of the grant agreement.



 On June 30, the Florence County (S.C.) Commission on Alcohol & Drug Abuse
received a $318,218 DLT grant to provide video conferencing equipment to connect
health clinics to the Commission's hub sites. The Commission provides
comprehensive prevention, intervention and treatment to citizens in need of
alcohol, tobacco and other drug abuse services. The Carilion Medical Center in
Roanoke, Va., received a $434,182 DLT grant on July 14 to provide health care,
including tele-psychiatry services, to treat opioid misuse in 12 rural counties
in southwest Virginia.



 USDA Rural Development has provided $239.5 million for 729 DLT projects in
rural areas nationwide since 2009. USDA's Rural Utilities Service, which
administers the DLT program, also offers infrastructure programs that bring
broadband, safe drinking water and improved wastewater treatment facilities to
rural communities.



 Since 2009, USDA Rural Development @USDARDThis is an external link or
third-party site outside of the United States Department of Agriculture (USDA)
website. ) has helped bring high-speed Internet access to nearly 6 million rural
residents and businesses; invested nearly $13 billion to start or expand nearly
112,000 rural businesses; helped 1.1 million rural residents buy homes; and
funded nearly 9,200 community facilities such as schools, public safety and
health care facilities. USDA also has invested $31.3 billion in 963 electric
projects that have financed more than 185,000 miles of transmission and
distribution lines serving 4.6 million rural residents.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:

 editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: September 20, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              541 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                             May 16, 2013 Thursday
                                 Every Edition

Hyattsville approves first phase of plan for bike lanes

BYLINE: Timothy Sandoval

SECTION: METRO; Pg. T19

LENGTH: 501 words


Hyattsville resident Jim Groves, 46, said he rode his bike to his job in the
District until he got hit by a car four years ago in Brookland in an area with
no bike lanes.

Since then, he said, he has better understood the need for safer road access for
cyclists. That is why he supports a plan to add bike lanes throughout
Hyattsville.

"Whatever it takes to get people on their bikes and just to make it a safer
ride, it's got to be done," Groves said.

During its May 6 meeting, the Hyattsville City Council approved funding for the
first phase of a plan to add a network of bike lanes to connect residential
streets in the city to commercial districts. Officials have been working on the
plan since 2008.

The lanes would connect residential areas to the West Hyattsville Metro Station;
the area surrounding East-West Highway near the Mall at Prince George's; the
Hyattsville Arts District on Route 1; and the shopping area on Queens Chapel
Road.

The city used $55,000 of a $110,000 Maryland Department of Housing and Community
Development Community Legacy grant to install 124 bike racks across the city
last year and early this year. The rest of the grant money will be used to paint
the bike lanes, add signs and create curb cuts on some areas of the street for
handicapped accessibility.

Aside from the grant money, the city will need to spend an additional $30,000
for the bike lanes, which are being constructed with an $85,000 contract with
Beltsville-based NZI Construction Corp.

"This is something the city was working on for a long time," Council member Tim
Hunt (Ward 3) said. "We had an opportunity to do this, and that's something that
will benefit the community."

Jim Chandler, the city's director of Community and Economic Development, said
that when all phases of the plan are completed, it could help reduce traffic
near the city's commercial districts by taking cars off the street. It will also
provide another transportation option for residents.

Chandler said that when the city began planning for pedestrian improvements to
city walkways, residents who participated in the process wanted bike lanes.

The first phase of the project will add 5.2 miles of bike lanes on the
residential roads Nicholson Street, 40th Avenue and 41st Avenue, and westbound
routes on Hamilton Street, Gallatin Street and Farragut Street. Officials
started with those routes because they all are city-owned streets, Chandler
said.

Chandler said city officials wanted to demonstrate to state and county officials
that they were committed to the plan. Phases two and three of the project will
include adding bike lanes on roads maintained by the county and state, he said,
such as approximately three miles that officials hope to add to the
county-maintained Adelphi Road.

Chris Militello, co-owner of Arrow Bike in Hyattsville, said he supports the
plan.

"It helps cyclists and promotes cycling within the city, and anything that gets
people on their bikes is something that we support," Militello said.

tsandoval@gazette.net

LOAD-DATE: May 16, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Prince George's County

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


     Copyright 2013 Washingtonpost.Newsweek Interactive Company, LLC d/b/a
                            Washington Post Digital
                              All Rights Reserved


                              542 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                    Grunion Gazette (Long Beach, California)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                              April 9, 2010 Friday

Project Connects All The Dots On Atlantic Avenue

BYLINE: Darcy Leigh Richardson, Grunion Gazette, Long Beach, Calif.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 833 words


Apr. 9--It's the kind of edifice that comes without a set of blueprints,
instructions, exact dimensions or list of construction materials.

In 2007, the John S. and James L. Knight Foundation essentially wrote the Long
Beach Community Foundation (LBCF) a blank check for a development proposal. But
unlike typical construction projects, money wasn't the main resource -- the goal
was to transform and enrich the lives of people and businesses along Atlantic
Avenue -- and to find value in the intangible field of "social engineering."

With humans as building blocks and innovative ideas and friendships as mortar,
the Connected Corridor Project launched its fourth and final phase of
development Thursday to complete the 8-mile building of community empowerment.

By the end of 2010, Atlantic Avenue from Pacific Coast Highway to Ocean
Boulevard will be the site of fresh programs, collaborations and perhaps a new
(literal) construction project as the foundation bestows grants between $2,500
and $20,000 to individuals with strategies for improving the community.

Mayor Bob Foster attended the Phase 4 meet-and-greet event last week at the
Neighborhood Resource Center, 425 Atlantic Ave., and spoke about the first event
that launched Phase 1 on Nov. 17, 2007 in North Long Beach.

"The first event was at a Super Mex and we didn't have anywhere near this
turnout," Foster said. "Back then, we were trying to get people together to know
that there actually is a North Long Beach. I knew then that this project makes
sense... We're all connected by concrete, by city boundaries, and by other
physical ties. But from this project people have made social, cultural and
educational relationships."

As a testament to the success of the project thus far, approximately 90 people
from all phases attended the standing-room-only event. Jim Worsham, president of
the LBCF, said data from the demographics study called Rethinking Greater Long
Beach resulted in the choice of Atlantic Avenue as the test site. Leadership
Long Beach (LLB), a community improvement organization, partnered in the project
as grant administrator.

"Atlantic (Avenue) bisects Long Beach and goes through seven of the nine council
districts, so a lot of demographic groups are represented," Worsham said.
"Previously, (LBCF) never had enough money to do a multi-year grant... From this
project, we wanted to create a social forecasting model based on innovation."

Carina Cristiano Leoni, Connected Corridor project director, said her background
as a local entrepreneur, business consultant and elementary school teacher
helped her make connections in the community.

"The project was set up as brainstorming sessions where we could talk to the
community, take data, and hear what they had to say," Leoni said. "It was really
about elevating the voices of the people. We gave grants to people with
strategies for building upon existing community groups or creating new ones."

Following brainstorming sessions, grants launched programs like Pathways for
Scholars college and career preparation opportunities at Hamilton Middle School
(Phase 1). Racquel Welch Kitchen, a Long Beach Unified School District employee,
said she created Pathways so that the genius of youngsters was acknowledged.

Phase 2 projects, which were in the Bixby Knolls and California Heights areas,
received grants in June 2009. Leoni said one of notable success stories of Phase
2 is the Sunday Farmers Market at Longfellow Elementary School.

"There are a lot of families in Phase 2 and originally we had thought the area
was mostly seniors," Leoni said. "The market has grown to include vendors,
demonstrations and entertainment. The best part is that people can ride their
bikes there and it's very conducive for moms with strollers."

The Wrigley neighborhood was the target of Phase 3 and Sasha Kanno spoke about
how the Connected Corridor grant enhanced the Wrigley Garden project's
transformation of the Henderson Avenue neighborhood. The garden provides
residents with the education and tools to grow their own food.

Lesbia De La Fuente, director of early childhood education at the recently
opened Un Mundo de Amigos Preschool at 1480 Long Beach Blvd., said she plans to
attend Phase 4 brainstorming sessions. The no-cost preschool was built last year
from the ground up on vacant lots and was the brainchild of Laurie Peterson, the
preschool's executive director.

The first Connected Corridor Phase 4 brainstorming session will be from 6 to 8
p.m. Wednesday at the Catalyst Space, 430 E. First St.

For more information, visit www.connectedcorridor.org.

To see more of the Grunion Gazette or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.gazettes.com/. Copyright (c) 2010, Grunion Gazette, Long Beach,
Calif. Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints,
email tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send
a fax to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee
Ave., Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: April 10, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20100409-VQ-Project-Connects-All-The-Dots-On-Atlantic-Avenue-0409

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: VQ


                         Copyright 2010 Grunion Gazette


                              543 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                           Star-News (Wilmington, NC)

                            January 25, 2016 Monday
                             NC Wilmington Edition

BYLINE: NC Nunn Scott

SECTION: 1,A; GateHouse Media GM9; Pg. 9

LENGTH: 579 words


One of the least discussed but most important elements of the Connect NC Bond
package is the $309 million designated for clean water and sewer infrastructure.
Demographers report that North Carolina is growing at the rate of about 100,000
people per year and these water and sewer bond monies are urgently needed for
aging and inadequate municipal and county systems.

Nobody wants to encounter the water problems the citizens of Flint Michigan are
currently experiencing but there are already warning signs that must not be
ignored. The NC Department of Environmental Quality recently told a legislative
Environmental Review Commission that 92 of the state s 131 public water systems
would fail one of the two thresholds which DHHS sets at 0.03 parts per billion
(ppb) for vanadium and 0.07 ppb for hexavalent chromium. Granted, those
standards are stringent but groundwater in North Carolina clearly contains
evidence of metals present.

Many of our public water and sewer systems are owned and operated by small
communities or regional cooperatives that frequently don t charge users the full
cost to sustain adequate maintenance, much less fund expansion. It s not that
they aren t trying. In 2013, local governments reported $8 billion in debt for
water and sewer systems, approximately one-fourth of their total debt. The state
s two largest municipalities owe one-third of that debt, but the debt per
customer served is much greater in smaller local governments.

The last time our state provided significant help in matching grants and loans
to public water systems was 1998. Widely accepted estimates place current needs
at $16 billion and the North Carolina section of the American Society of Civil
Engineers warns that replacement of aging infrastructure is the biggest issue
for our state, saying,  The degradation of existing assets in this state is
occurring to a point that is beyond a practical means to resolve them.

We like to boast about the quality of life in North Carolina, but without safe
and adequate water that boast is unfounded rhetoric. State and federal grants,
combined with long-term debt borrowings, are the only sources of financing to
ensure affordable infrastructure, especially in rural areas. In 2015, local
governments requested $601 million for water and sewer grants and loans from
state and federal funds, but only $218 was available to be awarded.

While the allocated $309 million contained in the Connect NC Bonds won t come
close to meeting current and future needs it is a positive step. The bond
proceeds for water and sewer will be awarded to local systems through a
competitive application process, but it is generally believed most of it will go
to rural systems that can least afford the improvements.

The Connect NC bond package for infrastructure improvements to our public
universities, community colleges, agriculture, parks and public safety are
significant and will make positive investments in our state s future. But even
if you don t agree with where and how the rest of the funds will be allocated,
the health and safety of our state s residents is too important to deny.

We should all be able to agree that the potential help to public water and sewer
systems alone makes a  yes  vote on March 15th imperative.

Tom Campbell is former assistant state treasurer and is creator/host of NC SPIN,
a weekly statewide television discussion of North Carolina issues. NC Spin airs
at a 8 a.m. Sundays on WILM-TV.



Columnist Tom Campbell

LOAD-DATE: January 25, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2016 Star-News, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              544 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                The Denver Post

                          February 27, 2013 Wednesday
                              WED REGIONAL Edition

EAGLE-Net grant spent, to be reviewed

BYLINE: Andy Vuong

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. 14A

LENGTH: 576 words


EAGLE-Net Alliance, the taxpayer-funded broadband project aiming to connect
every school district in Colorado to a high-speed fiber-optic network, has
burned through the majority of its $100.6 million federal grant while reaching
less than a quarter of its designated institutions.

The oft-criticized program, which will be the subject of a Congressional review
Wednesday, has committed about $96 million of its federal funds to existing
contracts and has paid out nearly $66 million, according to officials and
project documents. About a third of the $34.7 million in matching in-kind
donations the project expects to raise has been tapped.

Meanwhile, EAGLE-Net is serving only about 55 of the more than 220 K-12 school
districts, libraries, community colleges and other educational institutions that
are supposed to be wired into the network.

A spokeswoman for EAGLE-Net, which stands for Educational Access Gateway
Learning Environment Network, notes that a number of institutions are in the
final stages of going online.

New connections, though, won't be added for at least another couple of weeks
because the project has been suspended since December for not complying with
environmental and historic preservation requirements.

The quasi-governmental entity hopes the suspension will be lifted within 30
days, executive vice president of business development Chip White told state
lawmakers Tuesday.

EAGLE-Net received its grant in September 2010 as part of the Broadband
Technology Opportunities Program from the National Telecommunications and
Information Administration. The statewide build-out has to be completed by the
end of August, said EAGLE-Net spokeswoman Gretchen Dirks.

Republican lawmakers and rural carriers launched a public assault on EAGLE-Net
last year amid concerns that the project was building in areas with existing
networks while avoiding hard-to-reach and underserved communities.

Institutions already connected to EAGLE-Net's network include the Aurora Public
Schools and the Cherry Creek School District. Dirks said the organization still
plans to reach all of the communities as initially outlined.

"It's a statewide network, which means we need to connect urban to rural to
mountain back to urban," Dirks told the committee.

Members of the Colorado legislative audit committee grilled EAGLE-Net officials
over the project's apparent lack of transparency.

"You talk about your history of transparency, but we're not quite sure how much
we've spent, we're not quite sure how much is operational, we're not quite sure
how many customers we have," said Sen. Owen Hill, R-Colorado Springs. "Do you
share my concern?"

White responded: "I don't because I'm a networking person and I've seen this and
lived this with other larger networks."

Rep. Jerry Sonnenberg, R-Sterling, immediately jumped on that response. "The
concern is that you don't recognize there's a concern," he said. "There's reason
that the feds have asked these questions. There's a reason that we're asking
these questions. You guys don't get it."

EAGLE-Net is required to submit a financial audit to the state by the end of
March. Sen. Lois Tochtrop, D-Thornton, requested another meeting with the
project's officials.

On Wednesday, Congressional lawmakers are expected to zero in on the project as
part of a hearing that will review whether the $7.2 billion federal broadband
stimulus program is working.

Andy Vuong : 303-954-1209, avuong@denverpost.com or fb.com/byandyvuong

LOAD-DATE: March 02, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2013 The Denver Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                              545 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                     The News-Item (Shamokin, Pennsylvania)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             March 4, 2010 Thursday

Grant to benefit Bucknell University, may affect the lower anthracite region

BYLINE: Justin Strawser, The News-Item, Shamokin, Pa.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 818 words


Mar. 4--LEWISBURG -- It is unclear whether the $100 million grant that will
expand broadband Internet access and directly connect 60 crucial community
anchor institutions in Pennsylvania, including Bucknell University, will affect
other grant applications in area, specifically the one proposed for the lower
anthracite region.

"It is still vague if projects are allowed in the same area," said Jim Baker,
chief of information technologies group at SEDA Council of Governments. "It is
entirely possible that because of this project that went through in Lewisburg,
no one else could get any money around them," said Baker, who was in charge of
grading the proposed projects through SEDA-COG.

A total of $7.2 billion was available through the American Recovery and
Reinvestment Act to expand broadband access and adoption across the county --
$4.7 billion in grants through the Department of Commerce's National
Telecommunications and Information Administration (NTIA) and $2.5 billion in
grants and loans through the Department of Agriculture's Rural Utilities Service
(RUS).

The applications are for two programs: the Broadband Technology Opportunities
Program and Broadband Initiatives Program.

SEDA-COG, which represents Northumberland, Centre, Perry, Juniata, Mifflin,
Clinton, Lycoming, Snyder, Union, Columbia and Montour counties, was asked by
the state to review 17 grant requests in the first of two rounds that will
distribute stimulus money.

Lyric Communications, part of a company based in Millersville, Md., was formed
specifically to address the broadband issue for the lower anthracite region, and
has been working with the office of state Rep. Robert E. Belfanti Jr., D-107, in
Mount Carmel to gather support from local municipalities. Lyric hopes to
"rewire" the entire region to provide high-speed Internet for any resident or
business within the service zone.

Of the $1 billion of round one distribution, nearly $130 million was awarded to
only two state projects.

One project, Enhancing Connectivity in Northern Pennsylvania, was awarded nearly
$29 million to increase broadband internet connection speeds for community
anchor institutions in rural areas north of 1-80.

The other project, the Keystone Initiative for Network Based Education and
Research was awarded nearly $100 million to establish the Pennsylvania Research
and Education Network. The project, whose partners include Bucknell and Penn
State University, will establish a 1,700-mile fiber network that expects to
expand broadband Internet access and directly connect 60 crucial community
anchor institutions in 39 counties across the central and southern part of the
state. The institutions include public and private universities, K-12 schools,
public libraries, public broadcasting facilities and medical facilities.

The two projects were the only state projects to receive funding; the majority
of the others had been turned down, and Baker wasn't confident any more funding
from the first round would be come to the state. He thinks the scale of both
projects were what enticed the decision-makers to fund the projects.

In fact, he said, in the second round, instructions were given out that no
project under $5 million should be submitted.

Even though Bucknell is part of the benefiting institutions, said Baker, he
hopes the decision-makers interpreting the second round will fund Lyric and
other local projects.

"Even though the money is dedicated to connection through the universities,
local consumers get nothing out of it," he said.

He hoped they will interpret that grants cannot be awarded toward the same kind
of project in an area rather the geographical proximity of any given project.

The second round of applications being accepted for broadband grants ends March
15.

The effort to secure these funds locally has been met with opposition from
Service Electric, which says Lyric would have an unfair advantage in the
marketplace if the stimulus money is granted. Furthermore, representatives have
argued at municipal meetings where the Lyric presentation has taken place, the
competition would result in a loss of customers, resulting in possible layoffs.

Even the local government has been hesitant. Of area communities, the governing
bodies of Mount Carmel, Mount Carmel Township, Conyngham Township, Coal
Township, Zerbe Township and Kulpmont have passed resolutions in support of
Lyric's quest. However, Ralpho Township voted against supporting the cause.

Sign up for Text Alerts

Sign up for e-mail newsletters

To see more of The News-Item or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.newsitem.com. Copyright (c) 2010, The News-Item, Shamokin, Pa.
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: March 4, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20100304-IZ-Grant
-to-benefit-Bucknell-University-may-affect-the-lower-anthracite-region-0304

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: IZ


                          Copyright 2010 The News-Item


                              546 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          December 21, 2016 Wednesday

NEA Art Works Creativity Connects, FY2018

LENGTH: 641  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: US Government has issued the following grant:
 Document Type:    Grants Notice

 Funding Opportunity Number:    2017NEA01AWCC

 Funding Opportunity Title:    NEA Art Works Creativity Connects, FY2018

 Opportunity Category:    Discretionary

 Opportunity Category Explanation:



 Funding Instrument Type:    Grant

 Category of Funding Activity:    Arts (see "Cultural Affairs" in CFDA)

 Category Explanation:

 Expected Number of Awards:

 CFDA Number(s):    45.024 -- Promotion of the Arts_Grants to Organizations and
Individuals

 Cost Sharing or Matching Requirement:    Yes



 Version:    Synopsis 1

 Posted Date:    Dec 15, 2016

 Last Updated Date:    Dec 15, 2016

 Original Closing Date for Applications:    May 04, 2017  The Grants.gov system
must receive your validated and accepted application no later than 11:59 p.m.,
Eastern Time, on May 4, 2017.

 Current Closing Date for Applications:    May 04, 2017  The Grants.gov system
must receive your validated and accepted application no later than 11:59 p.m.,
Eastern Time, on May 4, 2017.

 Archive Date:    Jun 03, 2017

 Estimated Total Program Funding:

 Award Ceiling:    $100,000

 Award Floor:    $20,000

 Eligibility

 Eligible Applicants:    Independent school districts

 Public and State controlled institutions of higher education

 State governments

 City or township governments

 Special district governments

 Private institutions of higher education

 Nonprofits having a 501(c)(3) status with the IRS, other than institutions of
higher education

 County governments

 Native American tribal governments (Federally recognized)

 Additional Information on Eligibility:

 Additional Information

 Agency Name:    National Endowment for the Arts

 Description:    Art Works: Creativity Connects grants require a partnership
between an arts program and a non-arts organization. The Arts Endowment's
support of a project may start on or after June 1, 2018. Generally, a period of
performance of up to two years is allowed. An organization that submits an
application to Art Works: Creativity Connects is still eligible to submit an
application to other National Endowment for the Arts funding opportunities. In
each case, the request must be for a distinctly different project or a
distinctly different phase of the same project, with a different period of
performance and costs. An organization may submit only one application for an
Art Works: Creativity Connects grant. Program Description Creativity Connects*
is an initiative that shows how the arts contribute to the nation's creative
ecosystem, investigates how support systems for the arts are changing, explores
how the arts can connect with other sectors that want and utilize creativity,
and invests in innovative projects to spark new, collaborative ideas. A key
component of Creativity Connects is a grant opportunity in the Art Works
category that supports collaborative, mutually beneficial partnerships between
the arts and non-arts sectors, specifically: o Agriculture o Business and
Economic Development o Science o Technology o Healthcare o Community o Education
o Environment o Military o Transportation Art Works: Creativity Connects
projects mutually benefit both the arts and non-arts sectors by: o Demonstrating
the beneficial contributions of artists and creative work to societal health. o
Supporting the infrastructure for the arts to work in new ways with new sectors.
o Building bridges that create new relationships and constituencies. o Creating
innovative partnership projects to advance common goals.

 Link to Additional Information:    NEA Complete Website Announcement

 Grantor Contact Information:    If you have difficulty accessing the full
announcement electronically, please contact:



 NEA Web Manager


 In case of any query regarding this article or other content please contact:
editorial@plusmediasolutions.com



LOAD-DATE: December 21, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              547 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          December 21, 2016 Wednesday

NEA Art Works Creativity Connects, FY2018

LENGTH: 644  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: US Government has issued the following grant:
 Document Type:    Grants Notice

 Funding Opportunity Number:    2017NEA01AWCC

 Funding Opportunity Title:    NEA Art Works Creativity Connects, FY2018

 Opportunity Category:    Discretionary

 Opportunity Category Explanation:



 Funding Instrument Type:    Grant

 Category of Funding Activity:    Arts (see "Cultural Affairs" in CFDA)

 Category Explanation:

 Expected Number of Awards:

 CFDA Number(s):    45.024 -- Promotion of the Arts_Grants to Organizations and
Individuals

 Cost Sharing or Matching Requirement:    Yes



 Version:    Synopsis 1

 Posted Date:    Dec 15, 2016

 Last Updated Date:    Dec 15, 2016

 Original Closing Date for Applications:    May 04, 2017  The Grants.gov system
must receive your validated and accepted application no later than 11:59 p.m.,
Eastern Time, on May 4, 2017.

 Current Closing Date for Applications:    May 04, 2017  The Grants.gov system
must receive your validated and accepted application no later than 11:59 p.m.,
Eastern Time, on May 4, 2017.

 Archive Date:    Jun 03, 2017

 Estimated Total Program Funding:

 Award Ceiling:    $100,000

 Award Floor:    $20,000

 Eligibility

 Eligible Applicants:    Independent school districts

 Private institutions of higher education

 City or township governments

 Special district governments

 Nonprofits having a 501(c)(3) status with the IRS, other than institutions of
higher education

 County governments

 State governments

 Public and State controlled institutions of higher education

 Native American tribal governments (Federally recognized)

 Additional Information on Eligibility:

 Additional Information

 Agency Name:    National Endowment for the Arts

 Description:    Art Works: Creativity Connects grants require a partnership
between an arts program and a non-arts organization. The Arts Endowment's
support of a project may start on or after June 1, 2018. Generally, a period of
performance of up to two years is allowed. An organization that submits an
application to Art Works: Creativity Connects is still eligible to submit an
application to other National Endowment for the Arts funding opportunities. In
each case, the request must be for a distinctly different project or a
distinctly different phase of the same project, with a different period of
performance and costs. An organization may submit only one application for an
Art Works: Creativity Connects grant. Program Description Creativity Connects*
is an initiative that shows how the arts contribute to the nation's creative
ecosystem, investigates how support systems for the arts are changing, explores
how the arts can connect with other sectors that want and utilize creativity,
and invests in innovative projects to spark new, collaborative ideas. A key
component of Creativity Connects is a grant opportunity in the Art Works
category that supports collaborative, mutually beneficial partnerships between
the arts and non-arts sectors, specifically: o Agriculture o Business and
Economic Development o Science o Technology o Healthcare o Community o Education
o Environment o Military o Transportation Art Works: Creativity Connects
projects mutually benefit both the arts and non-arts sectors by: o Demonstrating
the beneficial contributions of artists and creative work to societal health. o
Supporting the infrastructure for the arts to work in new ways with new sectors.
o Building bridges that create new relationships and constituencies. o Creating
innovative partnership projects to advance common goals.

 Link to Additional Information:    NEA Complete Website Announcement

 Grantor Contact Information:    If you have difficulty accessing the full
announcement electronically, please contact:



 NEA Web Manager



 NEA Web Manager
 In case of any query regarding this article or other content please contact:
editorial@plusmediasolutions.com



LOAD-DATE: December 21, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              548 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                           Springfield News-Sun, Ohio

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                           October 14, 2015 Wednesday

$382K grants to focus on improving fatherhood in Clark County

BYLINE: Kermit Rowe, Springfield News-Sun, Ohio

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 739 words


Oct. 14--SPRINGFIELD -- Urban Light Ministries will get $382,000 annually in new
grants, part of which will go to a partnership with Clark State to create a
regional hub focused on helping fathers and families.

Urban Light will receive a five-year U.S. Department of Health and Human
Services grant, which will provide $315,000 annually. The organization also
recently received a new grant of $67,000 annually for two years from Clark
County Department of Job and Family Services.

Parents are key to the development of children and the community, said Eli
Williams, director of Fatherhood Clark County, which operates under the Urban
Light umbrella.

"They get better grades in school, have fewer crime problems, there are fewer
kids hooked on drugs, fewer teen suicides," he said. "Kids are better off when
they have two involved, responsible, skilled parents."

Part of the new money will pay for the new Fatherhood Institute, a joint effort
with Clark State Community College that will be housed in Rhodes Hall on the
school's East Leffel Lane campus. The institute will provide educational and job
opportunities for unemployed and underemployed fathers.

Urban Light also received a two-year grant of $100,000 annually from the Ohio
Commission on Fatherhood in September that continues funding it has received
since 2008. It's earmarked to serve families in Clark, Greene, Madison and
Montgomery counties.

"This is more than doubling our budget," said Williams of the new funding.

Urban Light was one of four state entities to be awarded a grant by the Ohio
Commission on Fatherhood.

The fact that Urban Light had an established fatherhood program was a big factor
in it getting the new grant money, OCF Executive Director Kimberly Dent said.

"In fatherhood issues, we always have a tendency to be reactive," she said. "Our
goal was to get in front of all the issues fathers face in life, to be more
proactive."

Urban Light plans to use the federal and county grants to add practitioners,
mentors and administrative support. Among the increased services would be
fatherhood and relationship classes, coaching and case management.

"The goal is to help these young fathers be the best fathers they can be and
strengthen their ability to be the resource their children will need as they
grow up," said Williams.

The Fatherhood Institute will be anchored by Clark State's new advanced
manufacturing program.

It will offer full-time, six-week classes, which will include job and
fatherhood/life skills training. Upon completion, each participant will be
provided assistance finding work.

The institute will also offer a 12-month mentoring program and wants to attract
local employers to work with its graduates.

"We can't guarantee them a job," said Williams. "We will do everything we can
for them, but the applicant has to present themselves well to the employer.
Ultimately, it's the employer's decision."

Corey Holliday, director of community outreach at Clark State, said the school
has been working with Urban Light on the Fatherhood Institute for about two
years.

"This is the one project that's like a game-winning shot for the championship --
it is that big for us," he said. "We've put a lot time, planning and sweat into
this."

The institute gives Clark State a chance to connect with students, Holliday
said.

"We think this flow cycle will really happen: We start working with dad, then
his kid connects through one of our programs or camps, then the dad comes back
for more training and then kid comes to Clark State when he gets older," he
said.

Earlier this year, Williams also was received a $45,000 contract from the Clark
County commissioners to coordinate efforts to increase Fatherhood Clark County's
community awareness and program participation.

The new DJFS grant is "significantly more money" than Urban Light has received
from the agency and will be used to focus on Clark County fathers.

The push to target younger men doesn't stop with young fathers, Williams said. A
new program called Wise Guys is designed to help middle school boys with good
decision-making.

"So we will be increasing the number of adolescent males we reach," he said.

Other local outreach organizations are on board as well, including Springfield
Christian Youth Ministries and Family & Youth Initiatives in New Carlisle.

___ (c)2015 Springfield News-Sun, Ohio Visit Springfield News-Sun, Ohio at
www.springfieldnewssun.com Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: October 27, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20151014-1SP-382K-grants
-to-focus-on-improving-fatherhood-in-Clark-County-1014-20151014

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1SP


                   Copyright 2015 Springfield News-Sun, Ohio


                              549 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                         Guardian Messenger (Australia)

                          November 26, 2008 Wednesday
                               1 - FIRST Edition

BRIEFLY

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 3

LENGTH: 284 words


Centre opens

A NEW youth centre which will assist young people to build confidence and life
skills has opened in Netley. The Life Without Barriers Youth Centre on Richmond
Rd will provide services for about 75 people and is funded by the Department for
Families and Communities. Details: Jane Longbottom 8121 5460

Council shuffleMARION central ward Cr Carol Bouwens was elected deputy mayor at
a council meeting on November 11. Cr Bouwens replaces Cr Chris Tilbrook and will
fill the role until November next year. Fellow central ward Cr Raelene Telfer
was elected to the council's Audit Committee, while Crs Tilbrook, Jason Veliskou
and Irene Whennan were elected as chairpersons of the Sustainable Communities
Committee.

School grantSACRED Heart College middle school has received a $5000 Commonwealth
Bank grant to buy canoes, kayaks and paddles for their Canoeing & Outdoor
Adventure Program. The Somerton Park-based school is one of 49 local community
groups across Australia to be awarded funding as part of the Local Grants
program that aims to support the health and wellbeing of children.

Business focusMARION Mayor Felicity-ann Lewis will host a networking event for
local businesses at the Living Kaurna Cultural Centre on Monday (Dec 8). ``It's
just as important for council to connect with businesses as it is to connect
with residents,'' Ms Lewis said. ``Our economic development team identified a
need for local businesses to get to know one another to improve communication
between the council and the business community.'' The inaugural event will be
held between 4pm and 6pm. Registrations can be made by visiting
www.mybookingmanager.com/mayorsbusinessreception or on 8375 6897 by December 1.

LOAD-DATE: November 26, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: MGD


                   Copyright 2008 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              550 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                     The Journal Record (Oklahoma City, OK)

                           December 31, 2013 Tuesday

The Journal Record Nonprofit Briefs: December 31, 2013

BYLINE: Journal Record Staff Report

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 1254  words


OCCJ names president, CEO TULSA - The Oklahoma Center for Community and Justice
has named Jayme Cox president and CEO. Cox has worked for Shell Oil in Houston
as manager of government affairs for the southwest U.S. since 2004. She spent
the previous two decades in Tulsa, where she was manager of public affairs for
Sunoco Inc., executive director for Leadership Tulsa, and a career counselor for
Resonance Inc. Cox takes over her new role in March. She succeeds Nancy Day, who
is retiring after 32 years with the organization. Sanjay Meshri, chairman of the
OCCJ board, said Cox's experience and leadership skills make her uniquely
qualified for the position.

While at Shell, Cox served on the boards of the Texas Civil Justice League, the
Orange Show Center for Visionary Arts, and the Kansas Energy Resource Board. She
also volunteered for Texas Women for the Arts and the Texas Cultural Arts Trust.
While in Tulsa, she was on the board and served as program chairwoman for OCCJ.
Cox received her bachelor's degree in psychology from the University of Tulsa
and her master's degree in human relations from the University of Oklahoma. She
has received additional training through the Wharton School at the University of
Pennsylvania and the Center for Creative Leadership. She is a graduate of
Leadership Oklahoma. Now in its 55th year, the Oklahoma Center for Community and
Justice is a nonprofit organization dedicated to achieving respect and
understanding for all people through education, advocacy and dialogue.

Cox Foundation awards grants TULSA - The Cox Connects Foundation has awarded
$180,000 to Tulsa-area nonprofits and educational agencies. The grants included
$50,000 awarded to the Oklahoma Center for Community and Justice through the Cox
Connects Impact Grant. The OCCJ will use the money to start an anti-bullying
program, Middletown, which will target seventh-grade students at 29 middle
schools in the Tulsa and Union school districts. More than 80 organizations
across Oklahoma applied for the Cox Connects Impact Grant, which was created to
benefit educational initiatives.

Farnham Family Trust distributes $627,600 ADA - The Farnham Family Trust has
distributed grants totaling $627,600 to six institutions, or $104,600 each,
according to Roger Gaddis of Gaddis & Gaddis Wealth Management, the sponsor for
the event. The six institutions include American Cancer Society, Baptist Village
of Ada, Boy Scouts of America, East Central University, Mercy Health Foundation
Ada and the Salvation Army. Grants were presented by a ceremony at East Central
University in Ada. The Farnham family includes Jerry and Mamie Farnham, both
deceased; their son, Mark Farnham, who lives in Pauls Valley; and their
daughter, Peggy Farnham, who lives with her husband and daughter in South
Pasadena, Calif. Jerry Farnham, who died in 2006, was the finance director for
the city of Ada for 25 years. Mamie Farnham, who died in 2012, worked for the
Ada Chamber of Commerce for almost 30 years, retiring as the manager.

Grants awarded to 57 Mobile Meals providers OKLAHOMA CITY - The Oklahoma City
Community Foundation Trustees awarded $28,800 in grants to Mobile Meal programs
in central Oklahoma. Grant recipients include 55 churches that provide meals to
homebound elderly through Mobile Meals of Oklahoma County as well as a $2,500
grant to Edmond Mobile Meals and a $1,500 grant to Norman's Meals on Wheels. The
grant amounts varied based upon the number of weekly meals provided by each
site. This was the fifth consecutive year that the trustees have awarded grants
to the Mobile Meals program in Oklahoma County that operates through volunteer
programs based at churches. Edmond Mobile Meals currently serves 1,000 meals per
week to homebound elderly and disabled individuals. The Norman Meals on Wheels
program serves more than 300 clients a day.

YMCA offers health screenings OKLAHOMA CITY - The YMCA of Greater Oklahoma City,
in partnership with OU Physicians, will provide free health screenings to the
community. Screenings will begin on Jan. 10. "At the Y, we know that fitness and
well-being are so much more than just working out," said Angela Jones, director
of health and wellness initiatives for the YMCA. Participants can be screened at
no cost for total cholesterol and glucose profile, height-weight-body fat
analysis and blood pressure. There will be a physician present to go over
results with patient. Nine health screening sessions are scheduled. Each
screening is offered at no cost and is available to adults, age 18 and older,
regardless of Y membership. There is no appointment necessary, and each
participant will be seen on a first-come, first-serve basis. For information,
visit www.ymcaokc.org.

Four groups awarded national arts grants OKLAHOMA CITY - Four Oklahoma
organizations have earned grants totaling $60,000 from the National Endowment
for the Arts. Grants will assist the nonprofit organizations in providing arts
and cultural programming for their communities. Lawton Philharmonic Society was
awarded $10,000 to support a performance of The Carnival of the Animals
featuring Oklahoma Arts Council performing roster artist Hyunsoon Whang and
Thomas Labe. The performance will target public elementary school students with
disabilities. Tulsa Symphony Orchestra was awarded $10,000 to support its Twice
As Nice concert featuring pianist duo Christina and Michelle Naughton. The
program will include a performance by the duo for economically disadvantaged
students attending a Title I elementary school. The Oklahoma Visual Arts
Coalition was awarded $20,000 for its Art 365 exhibition. Tulsa Ballet Theatre
was awarded $20,000 to support its presentation of dance works as part of the
Paint it Black program.

Theater, TCC form collaboration TULSA - Look Musical Theatre has announced a
partnership with Tulsa Community College. The partnership will promote TCC and
Look's shared goal of supporting new ways of learning about the performing arts,
enhancing students' overall learning experience and bringing the community
together through live performance. The Look board sees the collaborative
partnership as a way to strengthen educational initiatives, specifically
capitalizing on the apprenticeship program founded nine years ago. The program
provides experience to performing arts students from academic institutions. The
partnership gives TCC students in performing arts and stage production the
chance to work with a professional theater company.

OCA donates $16,500 to Children's Miracle Network Hospitals OKLAHOMA CITY - The
Oklahoma Cattlemen's Association has presented a $16,500 check to the Children's
Miracle Network Hospitals. The association has coordinated the Range Round-Up
annually for years. Each year a portion of the proceeds goes to charity. This
was the 17th year that the selected charity was Children's Miracle Network
Hospitals, said Tim Drummond, OCA Range Round-Up chairman.

Boys & Girls Club receives donation OKLAHOMA CITY - Panda Express is celebrating
its 30th anniversary by donating a total of $100,000 to The Boys & Girls Club of
America and 20 local clubs across the country. The Boys & Girls Club of Oklahoma
County will receive a $3,000 grant. Panda Express also catered a holiday party
for The Boys & Girls Club of Oklahoma County. Panda Express served its orange
chicken and fried rice to more than 350 children.

http://www.journalrecord.com/be-the-first-to-know/ Click here for more from this
resource.

© 2014 Dolan Media Newswires. All Rights Reserved.

LOAD-DATE: January 6, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: General news

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2013 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved


                              551 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           December 3, 2016 Saturday

Washington: Remarks of Assistant Secretary Strickling at Transforming
Communities: Broadband Goals for 2017 and Beyond

LENGTH: 2069  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: Natinal Telecommunications and Information Administration has
issued the following news release:



 Thank you to NCC, SHLB and US Ignite for inviting me here today to present what
will be my last speech about broadband as NTIA administrator. I want to give
special thanks to John Windhausen, Deb Socia and Bill Wallace, for all their
work in helping to make broadband access and adoption a national priority.





 As this conference focuses on broadband goals for the future and setting
priorities for the next Administration, particularly the possibility of a new
infrastructure program, I would like to offer my evaluation of what worked well
in the Obama Administration to expand broadband access and adoption.  The
broadband grant programs we developed and managed at NTIA provided an important
opportunity to invest in the nation's future and spurred private investment and
economic development.  We learned a lot and we continue to share those lessons
with communities around the nation through our BroadbandUSA program.



 Just to remind everyone, the 2009 American Recovery and Reinvestment Act
provided $4 billion to NTIA to use for grants to increase broadband access and
adoption in unserved and underserved areas of the country.  The challenge we
faced was substantial: How could we invest in new broadband infrastructure in
areas of the country where private industry had considered it too risky or
expensive to invest?  And how could we ensure that those investments would
efficiently utilize taxpayer dollars to support long-term, sustainable broadband
business models?   Looking at the results of our efforts, the program we
designed successfully met this challenge.



 As we will detail in a new report that will be released in the coming weeks,
the projects built through these grants are benefitting communities across the
country today and will continue to deliver benefits for years to come. Our grant
recipients deployed or upgraded more than 117,000 network miles across the
country and connected more than 25,000 community anchor institutions such as
schools, libraries and hospitals to reliable, high-speed broadband access.  We
invested $3.3 billion in infrastructure projects.  Today, projects accounting
for nearly all of that funding, more than $3.2 billion, are still operating and
serving communities across the country.



 With our infrastructure projects, we focused on building middle-mile networks
that would bring high-speed services into an entire community or region.  Our
goal was to spur private-sector investment by encouraging local Internet service
providers to connect to these networks to deliver service over the "last mile"
to homes and businesses.  That is why all networks built with Recovery Act
dollars had to comply with open access rules that let all other carriers
interconnect with these networks on fair and non-discriminatory terms.  We also
encouraged our grantees to connect directly to the key anchor institutions in
these communities where the speed needs of schools, libraries and other
institutions were substantially greater than for the community at large.



 Our focus on funding middle-mile projects and on connecting community anchor
institutions has helped extend our investments and ensured the long-term
viability of the projects we funded. This approach has paved the way for
hundreds of broadband service providers across the country to connect end users
to high speed broadband service, thereby multiplying the impact of those
investments. Indeed, the Department's Inspector General reported that
three-quarters of our grantees had entered into interconnection agreements with
other carriers, thereby allowing those carriers to extend their reach.



 For example, with the help of two NTIA grants, the Northwest Open Access
Network, or NoaNet, deployed more than 1,300 miles of fiber to reach areas of
Washington State that were previously unserved.  This network now supports 61
last-mile providers that serve more than 260,000 customers.



 Among those who have benefitted from NoaNet is a Delta Dental call center in
the rural northeastern town of Colville, Washington. Given the lack of broadband
access needed to run its facility, Delta considered closing the Colville call
center and relocating it to a more urban and wired region of the state. But with
the expansion of NoaNet to the region, the company was able to keep its call
center in Colville, saving 130 local jobs.



 In Southern Illinois, Clearwave Communications has connected 570 community
anchor institutions through its 1,500-mile network, built with the assistance of
a $31 million NTIA grant. In addition, Clearwave now has interconnection
agreements with 22 last-mile and cellular providers across southern Illinois.



 The economic impact study performed for us concluded that the communities
helped by NTIA grants experienced an estimated 2 percent greater growth in
broadband availability than non-grant communities. That growth is estimated to
generate as much as $21 billion in annual economic activity. At the same time,
the additional broadband infrastructure could be expected to create more than
22,000 long-term jobs.



 Investing in infrastructure only addresses part of the broadband challenge in
the United States.  We must also focus on getting more people connected to these
networks once they are built.  We have made progress on adoption in the last
eight years.  Nationally, the percentage of American households using the
Internet at home has increased from 69 percent in 2009 to 73 percent in 2015.
We funded $250 million of broadband adoption projects under the Recovery Act.
Those projects generated more than 665,000 new household subscribers and
provided more than 20 million hours of digital literacy training to American
residents across the nation.



 Education is important.  In our studies of households that do not use the
Internet, the top reason cited by households for not being online is that they
do not need it or have no interest in going online. The second reason they gave
for not going online was that they could not afford it.  We have taken all the
lessons learned from our adoption grants and developed a Broadband Adoption
Toolkit that provides communities step-by-step instructions on how to present
effective broadband adoption programs to their citizens.  Portland, Oregon, for
example, utilized the Broadband Adoption Toolkit in drafting its Digital Equity
Action Plan, which outlined actions aimed at bridging the digital divide for
citizens in Portland and Multnomah County by providing affordable access,
training and tools.



 Indeed, since the end of the grant program, we have refocused our entire
broadband team on providing technical assistance to communities through our
BroadbandUSA program.  We have been working with communities across the country
to provide guidance and technical advice on the best ways to increase access to
affordable broadband in their communities, on effective tools for expanding
digital literacy and broadband adoption, and in helping them find resources that
might be available to assist in these efforts.



 For example, BroadbandUSA is working with the city of Baltimore to expand its
municipal fiber network to underserved public housing sites and public schools.
Our team is also advising the city regarding its plans to build a world-class
industrial zone around the Port of Baltimore that can attract and support global
manufacturers, transportation and logistics companies by providing high-speed,
reliable, low-cost broadband.



 In addition to the Broadband Adoption Toolkit, we have developed a series of
publications to assist communities, including our recently released Smart Cities
Toolkit, which provides successful strategies for implementing smart cities
projects. We also developed a Stakeholder Outreach Toolkit, to help communities
generate local awareness and support for broadband projects.



 Many of you are aware of the work of the Broadband Opportunity Council, created
by President Obama in March 2015 to bring key cabinet departments and agencies
together to figure out what actions the federal government could take to
eliminate regulatory barriers to broadband deployment and to encourage
investment in broadband networks and services.  I am pleased to report that most
agencies are making good progress toward completing the tasks they agreed to in
the report and many have completed their work.



 As part of our council commitments, NTIA has developed and is beta testing its
Community Connectivity Initiative -- an online self-assessment tool that will
provide local leaders with benchmarks and indicators for assessing broadband
needs in their communities. Upon completion of the self-assessment tool,
communities will receive a report with recommendations for how to improve their
broadband capabilities, including referrals to BroadbandUSA's technical
assistance experts. BroadbandUSA is aiming to launch this initiative in early
2017.



 The last eight years have brought us measurable successes as well as the
development of ongoing programs to build on those successes.  With all of this
experience and knowledge of the last eight years, I want to leave you with some
thoughts on what I see as the key lessons to guide future government efforts to
expand broadband access and adoption.



 The first is that we must focus on communities and the critical role they play
in the success of any of these efforts.  Communities must be involved in all
aspects of a broadband project including assessing needs, building support among
stakeholders, finding partners or securing funding and implementation. This is
why we have put so much emphasis on working with communities as part of our
BroadbandUSA program and ensuring that they are driving every stage of a
project.



 Second, to the extent the government considers new funding to build broadband
infrastructure, sustainability must be a top priority. That was one of our key
factors in determining which projects to fund during the Recovery Act program.
And as I noted earlier, our focus on sustainability has resulted in nearly all
of the infrastructure projects having survived on their own once the federal
grant dollars were spent.  It makes little sense to utilize tax dollars to
provide the capital to construct a project, if the project cannot generate the
operating revenue needed to sustain that network in the future.



 Third, any new assistance program must ensure that dollars are provided to
organizations that have a proven record of building and managing a broadband
network. And they must be given the leeway to design their projects in a way to
satisfy the requirement of sustainability.  During the early days of the
Recovery Act program, there were suggestions made about creating artificial
boundaries for allocating the grant dollars.  Had we adopted such an approach
and deprived the applicants of the ability to define a service area where they
thought they could build a sustainable project, we would have had a far greater
number of projects that failed and wasted tax dollars.



 Fourth, to the extent any public money is allocated for middle-mile networks,
we should continue to require open access so that last-mile providers can take
advantage of that investment. As I mentioned earlier, that multiplier effect of
allowing other providers to take advantage of public investment of tax dollars
in middle mile networks can lower their costs and deliver great benefits in
communities across the country.



 In conclusion, I am very proud of the solid foundation NTIA and the Obama
Administration laid over the last eight years to connect communities across
America and to expand the adoption of broadband services by many Americans. But
it is clear that there is more work to be done, and we need to continue to learn
and build on our successes.



 Going forward, NTIA has an enthusiastic team of experts in place who stand
ready to work with communities, policymakers and all of you in this room to
continue building out the digital infrastructure needed to help compete in the
global economy and narrow the digital divide.  As I depart NTIA in a few weeks,
my hope is that NTIA's strong record of accomplishment of the last eight years
will continue.



 Thank you for listening.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:

 editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: December 4, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              552 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           December 3, 2016 Saturday

Washington: Remarks of Assistant Secretary Strickling at Transforming
Communities: Broadband Goals for 2017 and Beyond

LENGTH: 2069  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: Natinal Telecommunications and Information Administration has
issued the following news release:



 Thank you to NCC, SHLB and US Ignite for inviting me here today to present what
will be my last speech about broadband as NTIA administrator. I want to give
special thanks to John Windhausen, Deb Socia and Bill Wallace, for all their
work in helping to make broadband access and adoption a national priority.





 As this conference focuses on broadband goals for the future and setting
priorities for the next Administration, particularly the possibility of a new
infrastructure program, I would like to offer my evaluation of what worked well
in the Obama Administration to expand broadband access and adoption.  The
broadband grant programs we developed and managed at NTIA provided an important
opportunity to invest in the nation's future and spurred private investment and
economic development.  We learned a lot and we continue to share those lessons
with communities around the nation through our BroadbandUSA program.



 Just to remind everyone, the 2009 American Recovery and Reinvestment Act
provided $4 billion to NTIA to use for grants to increase broadband access and
adoption in unserved and underserved areas of the country.  The challenge we
faced was substantial: How could we invest in new broadband infrastructure in
areas of the country where private industry had considered it too risky or
expensive to invest?  And how could we ensure that those investments would
efficiently utilize taxpayer dollars to support long-term, sustainable broadband
business models?   Looking at the results of our efforts, the program we
designed successfully met this challenge.



 As we will detail in a new report that will be released in the coming weeks,
the projects built through these grants are benefitting communities across the
country today and will continue to deliver benefits for years to come. Our grant
recipients deployed or upgraded more than 117,000 network miles across the
country and connected more than 25,000 community anchor institutions such as
schools, libraries and hospitals to reliable, high-speed broadband access.  We
invested $3.3 billion in infrastructure projects.  Today, projects accounting
for nearly all of that funding, more than $3.2 billion, are still operating and
serving communities across the country.



 With our infrastructure projects, we focused on building middle-mile networks
that would bring high-speed services into an entire community or region.  Our
goal was to spur private-sector investment by encouraging local Internet service
providers to connect to these networks to deliver service over the "last mile"
to homes and businesses.  That is why all networks built with Recovery Act
dollars had to comply with open access rules that let all other carriers
interconnect with these networks on fair and non-discriminatory terms.  We also
encouraged our grantees to connect directly to the key anchor institutions in
these communities where the speed needs of schools, libraries and other
institutions were substantially greater than for the community at large.



 Our focus on funding middle-mile projects and on connecting community anchor
institutions has helped extend our investments and ensured the long-term
viability of the projects we funded. This approach has paved the way for
hundreds of broadband service providers across the country to connect end users
to high speed broadband service, thereby multiplying the impact of those
investments. Indeed, the Department's Inspector General reported that
three-quarters of our grantees had entered into interconnection agreements with
other carriers, thereby allowing those carriers to extend their reach.



 For example, with the help of two NTIA grants, the Northwest Open Access
Network, or NoaNet, deployed more than 1,300 miles of fiber to reach areas of
Washington State that were previously unserved.  This network now supports 61
last-mile providers that serve more than 260,000 customers.



 Among those who have benefitted from NoaNet is a Delta Dental call center in
the rural northeastern town of Colville, Washington. Given the lack of broadband
access needed to run its facility, Delta considered closing the Colville call
center and relocating it to a more urban and wired region of the state. But with
the expansion of NoaNet to the region, the company was able to keep its call
center in Colville, saving 130 local jobs.



 In Southern Illinois, Clearwave Communications has connected 570 community
anchor institutions through its 1,500-mile network, built with the assistance of
a $31 million NTIA grant. In addition, Clearwave now has interconnection
agreements with 22 last-mile and cellular providers across southern Illinois.



 The economic impact study performed for us concluded that the communities
helped by NTIA grants experienced an estimated 2 percent greater growth in
broadband availability than non-grant communities. That growth is estimated to
generate as much as $21 billion in annual economic activity. At the same time,
the additional broadband infrastructure could be expected to create more than
22,000 long-term jobs.



 Investing in infrastructure only addresses part of the broadband challenge in
the United States.  We must also focus on getting more people connected to these
networks once they are built.  We have made progress on adoption in the last
eight years.  Nationally, the percentage of American households using the
Internet at home has increased from 69 percent in 2009 to 73 percent in 2015.
We funded $250 million of broadband adoption projects under the Recovery Act.
Those projects generated more than 665,000 new household subscribers and
provided more than 20 million hours of digital literacy training to American
residents across the nation.



 Education is important.  In our studies of households that do not use the
Internet, the top reason cited by households for not being online is that they
do not need it or have no interest in going online. The second reason they gave
for not going online was that they could not afford it.  We have taken all the
lessons learned from our adoption grants and developed a Broadband Adoption
Toolkit that provides communities step-by-step instructions on how to present
effective broadband adoption programs to their citizens.  Portland, Oregon, for
example, utilized the Broadband Adoption Toolkit in drafting its Digital Equity
Action Plan, which outlined actions aimed at bridging the digital divide for
citizens in Portland and Multnomah County by providing affordable access,
training and tools.



 Indeed, since the end of the grant program, we have refocused our entire
broadband team on providing technical assistance to communities through our
BroadbandUSA program.  We have been working with communities across the country
to provide guidance and technical advice on the best ways to increase access to
affordable broadband in their communities, on effective tools for expanding
digital literacy and broadband adoption, and in helping them find resources that
might be available to assist in these efforts.



 For example, BroadbandUSA is working with the city of Baltimore to expand its
municipal fiber network to underserved public housing sites and public schools.
Our team is also advising the city regarding its plans to build a world-class
industrial zone around the Port of Baltimore that can attract and support global
manufacturers, transportation and logistics companies by providing high-speed,
reliable, low-cost broadband.



 In addition to the Broadband Adoption Toolkit, we have developed a series of
publications to assist communities, including our recently released Smart Cities
Toolkit, which provides successful strategies for implementing smart cities
projects. We also developed a Stakeholder Outreach Toolkit, to help communities
generate local awareness and support for broadband projects.



 Many of you are aware of the work of the Broadband Opportunity Council, created
by President Obama in March 2015 to bring key cabinet departments and agencies
together to figure out what actions the federal government could take to
eliminate regulatory barriers to broadband deployment and to encourage
investment in broadband networks and services.  I am pleased to report that most
agencies are making good progress toward completing the tasks they agreed to in
the report and many have completed their work.



 As part of our council commitments, NTIA has developed and is beta testing its
Community Connectivity Initiative -- an online self-assessment tool that will
provide local leaders with benchmarks and indicators for assessing broadband
needs in their communities. Upon completion of the self-assessment tool,
communities will receive a report with recommendations for how to improve their
broadband capabilities, including referrals to BroadbandUSA's technical
assistance experts. BroadbandUSA is aiming to launch this initiative in early
2017.



 The last eight years have brought us measurable successes as well as the
development of ongoing programs to build on those successes.  With all of this
experience and knowledge of the last eight years, I want to leave you with some
thoughts on what I see as the key lessons to guide future government efforts to
expand broadband access and adoption.



 The first is that we must focus on communities and the critical role they play
in the success of any of these efforts.  Communities must be involved in all
aspects of a broadband project including assessing needs, building support among
stakeholders, finding partners or securing funding and implementation. This is
why we have put so much emphasis on working with communities as part of our
BroadbandUSA program and ensuring that they are driving every stage of a
project.



 Second, to the extent the government considers new funding to build broadband
infrastructure, sustainability must be a top priority. That was one of our key
factors in determining which projects to fund during the Recovery Act program.
And as I noted earlier, our focus on sustainability has resulted in nearly all
of the infrastructure projects having survived on their own once the federal
grant dollars were spent.  It makes little sense to utilize tax dollars to
provide the capital to construct a project, if the project cannot generate the
operating revenue needed to sustain that network in the future.



 Third, any new assistance program must ensure that dollars are provided to
organizations that have a proven record of building and managing a broadband
network. And they must be given the leeway to design their projects in a way to
satisfy the requirement of sustainability.  During the early days of the
Recovery Act program, there were suggestions made about creating artificial
boundaries for allocating the grant dollars.  Had we adopted such an approach
and deprived the applicants of the ability to define a service area where they
thought they could build a sustainable project, we would have had a far greater
number of projects that failed and wasted tax dollars.



 Fourth, to the extent any public money is allocated for middle-mile networks,
we should continue to require open access so that last-mile providers can take
advantage of that investment. As I mentioned earlier, that multiplier effect of
allowing other providers to take advantage of public investment of tax dollars
in middle mile networks can lower their costs and deliver great benefits in
communities across the country.



 In conclusion, I am very proud of the solid foundation NTIA and the Obama
Administration laid over the last eight years to connect communities across
America and to expand the adoption of broadband services by many Americans. But
it is clear that there is more work to be done, and we need to continue to learn
and build on our successes.



 Going forward, NTIA has an enthusiastic team of experts in place who stand
ready to work with communities, policymakers and all of you in this room to
continue building out the digital infrastructure needed to help compete in the
global economy and narrow the digital divide.  As I depart NTIA in a few weeks,
my hope is that NTIA's strong record of accomplishment of the last eight years
will continue.



 Thank you for listening.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:

 editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: December 3, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              553 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                            Coffs Coast Independent

                                  July 4, 2012

Connecting Coffs residents

SECTION: NEWS - GENERAL

LENGTH: 180  words


ALL Coffs Coast residents are invited to the launch of Coffs Connect - a website
designed to connect local communities.

Planned to be a central online source of information, events and contacts, the
space will give the community a chance to share ideas and inspiration.

The website is different from other websites as although the Coffs Harbour
Council is providing the online space, the community will actually "run" the
website.

From sharing activities to acting as a local notice board for community groups,
it will also provide information on grant funding and other government support
that is available.

What's best, it's a free community service allowing community groups to have an
online presence, regardless of their technical expertise or financial status.

It will also connect residents to these community groups, provide peer support
and social networking, and make it quicker and easier to find information on
community services.

Being launched this Friday, July 6 at 5.30pm at the Cavanbah Hall, everyone is
invited to come along and see what Coffs Connect is all about.

LOAD-DATE: July 05, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


             Copyright 2012 Fairfax Media Publications Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              554 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          November 25, 2015 Wednesday

Washington: Senator Stabenow Applauds Initiative to Expand Quality Health Care
in West Michigan

LENGTH: 288 words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Washington: Office of the Senator Debbie Stabenow has issued the following news
release:



 U.S. Senator Debbie Stabenow, Ranking Member of the Senate Committee on
Agriculture, Nutrition and Forestry, today announced support for Spectrum Health
System to help connect people in rural areas with quality health care. The
$254,884 grant will benefit five counties in West Michigan. The funding, which
comes from the USDA's Distance Learning and Telemedicine Grant program, was
authorized by Senator Stabenow's 2014 Farm Bill.





 "Families in West Michigan often don't have access to the health care services
they need in rural communities," said Senator Stabenow. "With telehealth,
patients are able to get important checkups and medical care even though the
doctor is hundreds of miles away, thanks to state-of-the-art equipment and
technology. Today's announcement will help make sure patients have access to
specialists no matter what their zip code is."



 The support will be used to help connect five rural clinics - located in Mason,
Kent, Newaygo, Montcalm and Osceola Counties - to Spectrum Health's Butterworth
Medical Campus in Grand Rapids. Connecting clinics and hospitals through
telemedicine addresses physician and specialist shortages in the region while
reducing the cost of travel and lost wages for patients. Today's announcement is
part of a $23.5 million investment in 75 projects across the country.



 Senator Stabenow is Ranking Member of the Senate Committee on Agriculture,
Nutrition and Forestry, which has jurisdiction over the USDA and its Distance
Learning and Telemedicine Grant program.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: November 25, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              555 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                         Star Beacon (Ashtabula, Ohio)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                            January 24, 2017 Tuesday

Geneva applies for Clean Ohio Trail funding

BYLINE: Dave Deluca, Star Beacon, Ashtabula, Ohio

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 563 words


Jan. 24--GENEVA -- City Council took a step forward Monday in its quest for a
multi-use trail running along the Route 534 Corridor.

Council unanimously approved a resolution to apply for an Ohio Department of
Natural Resources Clean Ohio Trail Fund (COTF) grant for the proposed trail that
would span from Harpersfield Covered Bridge Metropark in the south to
Geneva-on-the-Lake in the north, said Amanda White, Geneva zoning and community
development director.

"The trail was envisioned in both the city of Geneva's Comprehensive Plan and in
the Route 534 Corridor study as a means to improve recreational opportunities,
non-motorized transportation options and also as an economic development tool,"
she said.

White said the city is applying for $275,000 in COTF funds, and for an
additional sum -- to be determined following engineering estimates -- to cover
the rest of the costs through the Transportation Alternative Program (TAP),
which is administered by the Ohio Department of Transportation.

"Part of the grant funds would cover the cost of engineering and design, which
is a significant benefit to being awarded the COTF funding," she said.

She said the trail will pick up where Phase 1 of the trail ends. Phase 1 has
already been funded and will be located in Harpersfield Township near Spire
Institute, where it will wind through to Clay Street, she said.

"The proposed phase will continue it up Sherman Street along Kiwanis Park Drive
and to Memorial Field," she said. "A later phase will continue through the city
and toward the lake at Geneva-on-the-Lake."

Geneva City Manager Doug Starkey said the trail project demonstrates the
collaborative efforts of the 534 Corridor community.

"We continue to connect communities and to have individual entities working as a
team and it's exciting to see that," he said.

Geneva-on-the-Lake is pursuing its own portion of the path, which will
ultimately connect to the 534 Corridor trail, White said. She said the village
will also be applying for COTF funding.

"ODOT encouraged both phases to apply," she said. "It's a cooperative venture.
This trail will benefit the entire 534 Corridor area."

Geneva-on-the-Lake Village Administrator Mark Mizak said he was in the process
of applying for the grant right now.

"I'm working on a Clean Ohio Trail Fund grant, which is due by Feb. 1," he said.
"I'm also preparing a letter of interest for a TAP grant. That's due by Feb.1.
If it is approved, we will be invited to submit a regular TAP grant application,
which will be due by June 1."

He saidODOT has been encouraging in helping keep the grant process going to get
the trail built. He said the proposed trial would definitely be a benefit to the
village -- both in terms of safety and economics. He said expanding the trail
into the village will make getting around more user friendly for families.

"This 534 Corridor trail will be a very good thing for us," he said. "There's
only one road running through the village from east to west and that's Route
531, the Strip. It's very congested during the tourist season. It's also narrow
and can be dangerous to walk or bicycle on. This trail will provide access for
pedestrians and cyclists to the parks, the Strip and both sides of the village."

___ (c)2017 the Star Beacon (Ashtabula, Ohio) Visit the Star Beacon (Ashtabula,
Ohio) at www.starbeacon.com Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: January 25, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20170124-OB-Geneva-applies-for-Clean-Ohio-Trail-funding-0124-20170124

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: OB


                           Copyright 2017 Star Beacon


                              556 of 998 DOCUMENTS


               The Valley News-Dispatch (Tarentum, Pennsylvania)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            October 28, 2014 Tuesday

$200K grant to connect area's hiking trails

BYLINE: Liz Hayes, The Valley News-Dispatch, Tarentum, Pa.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 544 words


Oct. 28--From the bluffs above the Allegheny River in Harrison, Rachel Carson
Trail hikers can practically see their counterparts on nearby recreational
trails in Armstrong, Butler and Westmoreland counties.

But there are no direct links between the Allegheny County trail and the nearby
Butler-Freeport Community, Baker or Tredway trails.

Thanks to a $200,000 state grant, that's about to change.

"There's a confluence of trails that come together here," said John Stephen, an
attorney from Aspinwall involved with the Rachel Carson Trails Conservancy.
"We've been trying to find a way to link them together."

Stephen said the process was "accelerated" by the reconstruction of the Freeport
Bridge, which provided a larger trailhead in Freeport and wider sidewalks across
the bridge into Westmoreland County.

Stephen said the grant money, which was awarded by the Commonwealth Financing
Authority last week, will be used to buy nearly 20 acres between the northern
edge of Harrison Hills Park, where the Rachel Carson Trail ends, and the
southern trailhead of the Butler-Freeport Community Trail in Freeport.

Harrison Commissioner Bill Poston said that land will be combined with land the
township owns to complete the connection. Stephen said there also are access
negotiations with Norfolk Southern for a railroad-owned parcel.

With the last puzzle pieces coming together, Stephen said the Rachel Carson
Trail could be extended about 2 miles into Freeport in the next year.

That will allow people on the 37-mile Rachel Carson Trail to continue onto the
20-mile Butler-Freeport trail, or cross the bridge and access Allegheny
Township's Tredway Trail, which is being extended toward Kiski Junction.

Stephen said it will not cost much to clear a path and paint "blazes," or trail
markers, to establish the last leg of the Rachel Carson, although some
switchbacks may be necessary to get hikers down the steep hillside in Harrison.

He said the grant money, which is derived from programs funded by the impact
fees paid by drilling companies who tap the state's Marcellus shale for natural
gas, will be used entirely for property acquisition.

Dennis Revi of South Buffalo owns the vacant land in Harrison.

"They've been after me for a long, long time," Revi said. "It's very beautiful
ground. I wish them the very best. Hopefully, it will bring some happiness to a
lot of lives."

Harrison Commissioner Robin Bergstrom said township officials also are working
with the Friends of the Riverfront advocacy group to establish a trail for
people on bikes.

During a meeting on Monday, township officials brainstormed with Jeff McCauley,
Friends of the Riverfront's stewardship coordinator, possible ways to get bikers
in Natrona Heights safely down to the river.

McCauley's group promotes the development and maintenance of land and water
trails in Allegheny County.

Poston noted the new trail property in Harrison -- which ultimately will be
owned by Allegheny County as part of Harrison Hills Park -- has riverfront
access.

"There is a lot of interest in this trail," Poston said.

Liz Hayes is a staff writer for Trib Total Media.

___ (c)2014 The Valley News-Dispatch (Tarentum, Pa.) Visit The Valley
News-Dispatch (Tarentum, Pa.) at www.triblive.com Distributed by MCT Information
Services

LOAD-DATE: October 28, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20141028-TV-200K-grant-to-connect-area-s-hiking-trails-1028-20141028

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: TV


                    Copyright 2014 The Valley News-Dispatch


                              557 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                              March 9, 2015 Monday

Arizona: FACT SHEET: President Obama Launches New TechHire Initiative

LENGTH: 2725  words

DATELINE: Phoenix


State of Arizona has issued the following news release:

President Obama Announces Multi-Sector Effort and Call to Action to Give
Americans Pathways to Well-Paying Technology Jobs; Makes Available $100 Million
in Grants

The President and his Administration are focused on promoting middle class
economics to ensure that all Americans can contribute to and benefit from our
American resurgence. Part of that effort requires empowering every American with
the education and training they need to earn higher wages. Today's announcement
is the latest part of that effort: In his remarks to the National League of
Cities, the President will announce his TechHire initiative, including a new
campaign to work with communities to get more Americans rapidly trained for
well-paying technology jobs.

Middle class economics has driven the President from day one, and it is what has
fueled our comeback. On Friday, we learned that our economy created nearly
300,000 new jobs in February. American businesses have now added more than
200,000 jobs a month for the past 12 months, the longest streak of job creation
at that pace in 37 years. All told, over the past five years, our businesses
have created 12 million new jobs.

While we are seeing an economic resurgence, the President has made clear that
there is still work left to do. America has about 5 million open jobs today,
more than at any point since 2001. Over half a million of those job openings are
in information technology fields like software development, network
administration, and cybersecurity- many of which did not even exist just a
decade ago. The average salary in a job that requires information technology
(IT) skills - whether in manufacturing, advertising, retail or banking - is 50
percent higher than the average private-sector American job. Helping more
Americans train and connect to these jobs is a key element of the President's
middle-class economics agenda.

As part of that agenda, TechHire is a bold multi-sector effort and call to
action to empower Americans with the skills they need, through universities and
community colleges but also nontraditional approaches like "coding bootcamps,"
and high-quality online courses that can rapidly train workers for a well-paying
job, often in just a few months. Employers across the United States are in
critical need of talent with these skills. Many of these programs do not require
a four-year degree. Key elements of the initiative include:

Over twenty forward-leaning communities are committing to take action - working
with each other and with national employers - to expand access to tech jobs. To
kick off TechHire, 20 regions, with over 120,000 open technology jobs and more
than 300 employer partners in need of this workforce, are announcing plans to
work together to new ways to recruit and place applicants based on their actual
skills and to create more fast track tech training opportunities. The President
is challenging other communities across the country to follow their lead.

$100 million in new Federal investments to train and connect more workers to a
good job in technology and other in-demand fields. The Administration will
launch a $100 million H-1B grant competition by the Department of Labor to
support innovative approaches to training and successfully employing low-skill
individuals with barriers to training and employment including those with child
care responsibilities, people with disabilities, disconnected youth, and limited
English proficient workers, among others. This grant competition will support
the scaling up of evidence-based strategies such as accelerated learning,
work-based learning, and Registered Apprenticeships.

Private sector boosts tools and resources to support and expand continued
innovation in technology training, with a focus on reaching under-served
populations. Private sector leaders are announcing commitments to provide free
training through online training slots and expanding "coding bootcamps" - which
provide intensive training for well-paying jobs, often in the course of just a
few months - to low-income and underserved Americans including women,
minorities, and veterans across the nation. National organizations are
committing to work with interested cities to share job and skills information,
job-matching tools, and other resources to help support the growth, adoption,
and creation of promising practices across the United States.

Details on the Tech Hire Initiative

The TechHire initiative builds on work communities like Louisville, St. Louis,
Philadelphia, New York City and the State of Delaware are doing to connect more
Americans to well-paying technology jobs through a potent combination of new
tools and training models:

Over twenty forward-leaning communities are committing to take action - with
each other and with national employers - to expand access to tech jobs: The
TechHire initiative will achieve its goals by connecting communities together so
promising ideas happening in one community can be rapidly adopted by other
regions. Today, 21 communities are stepping up and responding to the President's
call-to-action, including:

Louisville  New York City    Philadelphia     Delaware        City of Kearney
and Buffalo County, NE
Colorado                       St. Louis                 Salt Lake City
San Antonio
Los Angeles            Minneapolis          Kansas City         Memphis
Rural Eastern Kentucky
Nashville         Rochester            Detroit            San Francisco
Albuquerque
Chattanooga                     Portland

Building on the promising work already underway in their communities, they are
all committing to three actions:

Using data and innovative hiring practices to expand openness to non-traditional
hiring: Having a data-driven assessment of employer demand is critical to
building a successful regional strategy. Communities are committing to work with
employers to build robust data on where they have greatest needs and what skills
they are looking for; communities will work with employers to build willingness
to hire from both nontraditional and traditional training programs; and
communities will work with employers to review -and upgrade -their recruiting
and hiring practices to enable non-traditional hiring.

    Expanding models for training that prepare students in months, not years:
Communities will recruit, incubate and expand accelerated tech learning programs
- such as coding bootcamps and innovative online training - which enable
interested non-tech-experienced students to gain coding skills in months, not
years. These new models also have potential to reaching to a broader set of
students than have traditionally chosen to pursue tech careers. These new
training programs can be run both independently or embedded as part of a local
community college or university education offering.

    Active local leadership to connect people to jobs with hiring on ramp
programs: Communities will build local strategies and partnerships to connect
people to jobs, with steps ranging from investing in and working with
industry-trusted organizations, which will vouch for those who have the skills
to do the job but who may lack the typical profile of degrees and career
experience. They will host local tech community gatherings with engaged
employers, attract new non-traditional training providers to their regions, and
bring visibility to existing local activities such as tech meet-ups, startup
co-working spaces or startup-weekends - which are already in place in most
middle-size cities or encouraging the founding of these groups if they are not
available locally.

The Administration is encouraging more communities and employers to follow in
their lead with similar innovative strategies to advance these goals.

Examples of TechHire Community Commitments

St. Louis, MO. A network of over 150 employers in St. Louis' rapidly expanding
innovation ecosystem will build on a successful Mastercard pilot to partner with
local non-profit Launchcode, to build the skills of women and underrepresented
minorities for tech jobs, and will also place 250 apprentices in jobs in 2015 at
employers like Monsanto, CitiBank, Enterprise Rent-a-Car, and Anheuser Busch.

New York City, NY. With employers including Microsoft, Verizon, Goldman Sachs,
Google, and Facebook, the Tech Talent Pipeline is announcing new commitments to
prepare college students in the City University of New York (CUNY) system for
and connect them to paid internship opportunities at local tech companies. NYC
will also expand successful models like the NYC Web Development Fellowship
serving 18-26 year olds without a college degree in partnership with the
Flatiron School.

State of Delaware. The new Delaware TechHire initiative is committing to
training entry-level developers in a new accelerated coding bootcamp and Java
and .Net accelerated community college programs giving financial institutions
and healthcare employers, throughout the state, access to a new cohort of
skilled software talent in a matter of months. Capital One, Bank of America,
Christiana Care and others are committing to placing people trained in these
programs this year.

Louisville, KY. Louisville has convened over 20 IT employers as part of the Code
Louisville initiative to train and place new software developers, including
Glowtouch, Appriss, Humana, Zirmed, and Indatus. Louisville will build on this
work in support of the TechHire Initiative: the city will recruit a high-quality
coding bootcamp to Louisville and establish a new partnership between Code
Louisville and local degree granting institutions to further standardize
employer recognition of software development skillsets.

A $100 million competition for innovative approaches to connect Americans with
disabilities, disconnected youth, and others to the fastest path to a good job
in technology and other in-demand fields.

Today the Administration is announcing its commitment to make $100 million
available through the Department of Labor to support innovative approaches to
moving lower skilled workers with barriers to training and employment on the
fastest paths to well-paying information technology and high growth jobs in
industries like healthcare, advanced manufacturing, financial services and other
in-demand sectors. The grant will focus on providing workers the skills for a
pathway to the middle class while providing employers with the skilled
technology workers need to grow and expand. This grant will serve people with
barriers to accessing training including people with childcare responsibilities,
people with disabilities, people with limited English proficiency, and
disconnected youth, among others. It will serve both unemployed and low skilled
front line workers.

Grants will pilot and scale innovative partnerships between employers, workforce
boards, training institutions, non-profit organizations, and cities and states
across the country. These partnerships will support the implementation of
job-driven training strategies to help workers complete basic and technical
skills training using evidence-based strategies such as accelerated learning,
work-based learning and Registered Apprenticeships. A solicitation for
applications for these partnerships will be available this fall and awards will
be made next year. These grants will be financed by a user fee paid by employers
to bring foreign workers into the United States under the H-1B nonimmigrant visa
program.

Private sector leaders are announcing tools and resources to scale continued
innovation in technology training, with a focus on reaching under-served
populations.

Expanding accelerated models for training in months not years:

A group of 10 bootcamps are jointly announcing a shared, third-party validated
format for annually publishing completion and employment outcomes to help
continue to drive innovation in the bootcamp model.

The accelerated training providers Dev Bootcamp, Hack Reactor, Microsoft,
Treehouse Island, Inc., and Udacity will all be expanding free or discounted
training slots for underserved communities and individuals.

General Assembly will work with community colleges, other training providers,
and employers with the aim of further standardizing web development training
    .
    Flatiron School, Hackbright Academy, and Rural Sourcing are announcing they
will provide pro bono consulting to help interested communities expand and
improve training.

Cisco will provide select individuals interested in career opportunities in IT
with free access to online IT networking skills including hundreds of online
training assets.

Support for local leaders:

Opportunity@Work, a national civic enterprise that is launching at New America
today, will aim to connect policy to action and will collaborate with private
and philanthropic partners to create freely available tools to scale-up employer
commitments to inclusive hiring practices, to facilitate a nationwide learning
network for communities, and to create new financing to help lower-income
Americans be trained and placed into technology jobs.

Capital One, through its FutureEdge initiative, a $150 million effort that will
help increase tech skills and hiring, will collaborate with Opportunity@Work to
provide support tailored to the needs of communities.

#YesWeCode commits to delivering $10 million in scholarships for 2,000
underserved minorities across the nation, to attend coding bootcamps over the
next ten years.

Using data and innovative hiring practices to expand hiring to include
non-traditional training paths:

CEB will develop their own best practices playbook for employers with guidance
to private and public employers on how to recruit tech talent from
non-traditional sources.

LinkedIn will provide free data about the supply and demand of IT skills to
communities to help them identify shortages and focus training resources on
skills most in-demand.

Knack will for the first time make its aptitude test technology available free
of charge to employers, communities, and accelerated training providers that are
launching inclusive training and hiring campaigns aimed at underserved
minorities, women, and veterans.

A complete list of private sector commitments can be found here.

The President's Agenda to Create Pathways to the Middle-Class Through
High-Quality, Job-Driven Training. TechHire is part of the President's broader
agenda to invest in job-driven training:

Vice-President Biden's Job-Driven Training Review. The President's TechHire
initiative builds on the job-driven training review that the President asked the
Vice President to lead in the 2013 State of the Union. Amongst other findings,
the Vice President's review identified information technology generally and
cybersecurity in particular as an emerging area of growth that requires
job-driven training strategies to meet business needs and provide more workers
with a path to the middle class.

VA Accelerated Learning Competition. To ensure that Veterans can take full
advantage of innovative learning models, VA will apply $10M in innovation
funding to leverage accelerated learning and test its effectiveness for
transitioning Servicemembers and Veterans over the next two years. VA will
concentrate this initiative in communities where conditions are conducive for VA
to provide industry-specific and place-based support to Veterans and
transitioning Servicemembers

American Apprenticeship Grant Competition. Last year, DOL opened a $100 million
competition to spur partnerships between employers, labor, training providers,
and local governments to expand apprenticeships into high-growth fields like
information technology and scale models that work. The deadline for this
application is April 30, 2015, and more information is available at the Grants.
gov application page.

Information Technology Industry-Credentialing partnerships. The President's
FY2016 budget proposes $300 million to fund IT jobs partnerships between
regional employers to develop and adopt assessments and credentials that will
give more people the chance to qualify for a better, higher-paying tech job
regardless of their pedigree.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: March 10, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              558 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       Florida Times-Union (Jacksonville)

                               May 1, 2016 Sunday

The Emerald Necklace's bright future

SECTION: Pg. E-4

LENGTH: 713 words


A century has passed since architect Henry Klutho began championing the idea of
creating an "Emerald Necklace" of parks and waterways that would surround the
city's urban core.

Over the decades, many attempts would be planned and started to create a
necklace of greenery that includes Hogans and McCoys creeks.

A new era began in 2014 when Groundworks, an international nonprofit that
utilizes private and public partnerships, was enticed into the city by
then-Mayor Alvin Brown. Initially sights were set on redeveloping Hogans Creek,
but now the vision includes much more.

Like Klutho, Groundworks' concept is to connect the city's urban communities
with a series of parks that will allow residents access to public spaces and
trails.

But unlike Klutho's vision, which was born at a time when urban neighborhoods
were less troubled, Groundworks' vision also involves promoting economic
development in the depressed areas of town.

NATURE MEETS URBAN

Groundworks' ambitious plan is to link communities such as Springfield, New
Town, Durkeeville and LaVilla via a 17-mile network of trails. While much of the
route would be along the creeks, a bike trail connecting New Town with Gateway
Mall would link the trails.

Much of the bike trail, called the S-Line, has already been completed. So is the
Riverwalk, which connects the creeks at their southernmost exit at the St. Johns
River.

An outdoor market is in the works for A. Philip Randolph Boulevard north of the
Sports Complex. Staff envision people using the trails to reach the market on
Saturdays once it opens sometime in September.

Groundworks' CEO Dawn Emerick says her organization's goal is reachable within a
decade.

"There's a vision, there's a strategy now that puts an emphasis on the natural
community," she says.

Emerick and her team believe that putting these disadvantaged communities in
touch with nature and outdoor activities will improve lives of the people living
there.

If the response from the Springfield community is any example of what could
happen through Groundworks, that notion could finally become reality.
Springfield residents have openly embraced the idea of restoring Hogans Creek,
Confederate Park and the greenways and canals created by Klutho.

PLENTY OF WORK TO DO

Groundworks' next target may be areas surrounding McCoys Creek in
Riverside-Avondale, including Forest Street Park.

No, it won't happen overnight.

But most of the issues facing McCoys Creek, Emerick says, are the equivalent of
"low-hanging fruit" - making that creek "a much easier fix" than Hogans.

She readily admits that the most difficult portion of the 10-year plan will
involve remediation of Hogans Creek, which was contaminated by many sources over
the years, including a meat packer, an incinerator and a poultry processor.

And there lies the most important component of Groundworks' plan.

Emerick hopes that the presence of Groundwork in Jacksonville, the only one of
the nationwide organization's 22 nonprofits located in the Sunshine State, will
improve the city's chances of obtaining federal mitigation funding from state
and federal environmental organizations.

That would be a coup as Jacksonville hasn't been very successful in obtaining
such grants in the past.

Of the 477 water-restoration grants and loans issued by the Florida Department
of Environmental Protection over the past five years, only seven went to
entities within Duval County.

It has received no grants since 2011 in a similar program of DEP, the Florida
Forever Grant Program.

At the federal level, there's also a special brownfields grant program, among
others, that Duval has accessed only once in five years -- receiving a grant
last year to pinpoint property contaminated by pollutants.

Let's hope this is true.

It will cost a significant amount of money to clean up Hogans Creek to the point
that we can make the Emerald Necklace a reality.

Such a reality could even go beyond the local economic development envisioned by
Groundworks.

It could serve to help revitalize the entire urban core, even attracting
tourists as the Hudson River Valley does now after a Groundworks there excavated
the Saw Mill River, buried beneath decades of concrete, to reveal a stunning
stream.

Klutho would be proud.

The Emerald Necklace may yet become the shiny jewel that it should be.

LOAD-DATE: May 4, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo
Mike.Clark@jacksonville.com A LITTLE COUNTRY IN THE CITY The S-Line trail gives
walkers, joggers and bicyclists the chance for a peaceful walk in an urban
setting. This portion of the trail is near 12th and Davis streets not far from
UF Health Jacksonville and several housing projects. Connecting the two parts of
the trail is a goal.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2016 The Florida Times-Union


                              559 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                    Times-News (Burlington, North Carolina)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                            January 10, 2016 Sunday

For Alamance County, Connect NC bond referendum will hinge on projects at ACC

BYLINE: Isaac Groves, Times-News, Burlington, N.C.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 804 words


Jan. 10--In the March primary vote, North Carolinians get to decide whether the
state should borrow $2 billion in the Connect NC bond measure, at least $6
million of which would come to Alamance County.

If voters do approve, Alamance Community College would get $6,100,339 out of
$350 million earmarked for state community colleges. President Algie Gatewood
said ACC's Board of Trustees would need to talk about how best to spend the
money, but much of it would probably go to nursing and other medical training
programs. Spokesman Ed Williams also said the college had some aging buildings
in need of upgrades, classrooms and labs in need of new computers and equipment,
and the college would like to consolidate student services in one place on
campus for efficiency sake.

Gatewood said he hoped the trustees, ACC alumni and retirees would advocate for
the bond and encourage people to vote for it.

As the only college employee permitted to advocate for the bond, Gatewood is
busy.

"Dr. Gatewood has actually already begun hitting the stump in December with
community groups, the Chamber of Commerce," Williams told a Board of Trustees
committee meeting Wednesday. "We've got him booked in January and February at
various venues to advocate on behalf of the bond."

BOND SUPPORTERS, and there are many, say the focus is on funding education in
growing areas of employment like the medical professions, engineering and the
sciences.

"This allows the community college to train more nurses, medical assistants and
nurses' aides," said Dan Ingle, ACC trustee and chair of the Alamance County
Board of Commissioners.

The biggest piece of the bond -- $980 million of 49 percent -- would go to
universities in the UNC system, much of it to projects like a $68 million
medical education building at UNC-Chapel Hill and a $105 million nursing-school
building at UNC-Greensboro. Bond money would go also to the N.C. Zoo in
Asheboro, National Guard centers, state agriculture projects, improvements to
state parks, and water and sewer grants. Burlington and Graham potentially could
apply for some of those water and sewer grants.

Ingle said the state got behind on infrastructure projects during the recession,
and the bond is a chance to get caught up.

The package has strong support in both parties, and Gov. Pat McCrory is a big
booster, but there is some opposition. The NC Against the Bond website and
Facebook page oppose the state taking on debt, says the legislature should pay
for projects through the budget, and questions McCrory's claim the bond would
not lead to a tax increase.

"The facts are for large infrastructure projects, you can never fund those
projects out of revenues -- it's impossible," said N.C. Rep. Steve Ross, an
Alamance County Republican. "That's why people don't pay cash for houses or
cars."

Page 2 of 2 -- The state budget could have a surplus of $100 million or even
$200 million, Ross said, but a major building at a university could eat up most
of that. Interest rates are also at a historic low now, Ross said, and a 1
percent increase in the interest rate would increase the cost of the debt by $40
million.

"We'll never have this opportunity again," Ross said. "Interest rates will never
be this low."

The state also has paid down enough of its previous debts, Ross said, it could
keep up with Connect NC debt service without increasing what it spends on debt
service every year.

"We know at the time these bonds are issued we will pay off the bond debt we
currently hold," Ross said,

Another criticism is Connect NC doesn't pay for any road projects. The original
proposal was for a $2.8 billion bond that included roads and infrastructure -- a
figure that turned enough legislators off that the transportation spending --
including on Alamance County's N.C. 119 project -- was cut.

Ross said the legislature made up for that by leaving the state's highway trust
fund for road spending instead of diverting it to the general fund. N.C. 119 is
being funded, he pointed out.

"That trust fund has been raided going back as far as I can remember, and that's
not what it was made for -- it's a highway trust fund," Ross said.

THE $6 MILLION ACC stands to get will not answer all of its needs and wants by
any means. The proposed facilities master plan the trustees will see Monday has
several new buildings, any of which could easily cost twice that much or more,
but it will help, Ingle said.

It has also been 15 years since the state issued major bonds for infrastructure
projects, and supporters don't want to miss this chance.

"That's the scariest part," Trustee William Gomory said. "We get $6.1 million,
and we probably won't get another one for 10 or 15 more years."

___ (c)2016 Times-News (Burlington, N.C.) Visit Times-News (Burlington, N.C.) at
www.thetimesnews.com Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: January 11, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20160110-BT-For-Alamance-County-Connect
-NC-bond-referendum-will-hinge-on-projects-at-ACC-0110-20160110

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: BT


                           Copyright 2016 Times-News


                              560 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                    Times-News (Burlington, North Carolina)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                            January 10, 2016 Sunday

For Alamance County, Connect NC bond referendum will hinge on projects at ACC

BYLINE: Isaac Groves, Times-News, Burlington, N.C.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 804 words


Jan. 10--In the March primary vote, North Carolinians get to decide whether the
state should borrow $2 billion in the Connect NC bond measure, at least $6
million of which would come to Alamance County.

If voters do approve, Alamance Community College would get $6,100,339 out of
$350 million earmarked for state community colleges. President Algie Gatewood
said ACC's Board of Trustees would need to talk about how best to spend the
money, but much of it would probably go to nursing and other medical training
programs. Spokesman Ed Williams also said the college had some aging buildings
in need of upgrades, classrooms and labs in need of new computers and equipment,
and the college would like to consolidate student services in one place on
campus for efficiency sake.

Gatewood said he hoped the trustees, ACC alumni and retirees would advocate for
the bond and encourage people to vote for it.

As the only college employee permitted to advocate for the bond, Gatewood is
busy.

"Dr. Gatewood has actually already begun hitting the stump in December with
community groups, the Chamber of Commerce," Williams told a Board of Trustees
committee meeting Wednesday. "We've got him booked in January and February at
various venues to advocate on behalf of the bond."

BOND SUPPORTERS, and there are many, say the focus is on funding education in
growing areas of employment like the medical professions, engineering and the
sciences.

"This allows the community college to train more nurses, medical assistants and
nurses' aides," said Dan Ingle, ACC trustee and chair of the Alamance County
Board of Commissioners.

The biggest piece of the bond -- $980 million of 49 percent -- would go to
universities in the UNC system, much of it to projects like a $68 million
medical education building at UNC-Chapel Hill and a $105 million nursing-school
building at UNC-Greensboro. Bond money would go also to the N.C. Zoo in
Asheboro, National Guard centers, state agriculture projects, improvements to
state parks, and water and sewer grants. Burlington and Graham potentially could
apply for some of those water and sewer grants.

Ingle said the state got behind on infrastructure projects during the recession,
and the bond is a chance to get caught up.

The package has strong support in both parties, and Gov. Pat McCrory is a big
booster, but there is some opposition. The NC Against the Bond website and
Facebook page oppose the state taking on debt, says the legislature should pay
for projects through the budget, and questions McCrory's claim the bond would
not lead to a tax increase.

"The facts are for large infrastructure projects, you can never fund those
projects out of revenues -- it's impossible," said N.C. Rep. Steve Ross, an
Alamance County Republican. "That's why people don't pay cash for houses or
cars."

Page 2 of 2 -- The state budget could have a surplus of $100 million or even
$200 million, Ross said, but a major building at a university could eat up most
of that. Interest rates are also at a historic low now, Ross said, and a 1
percent increase in the interest rate would increase the cost of the debt by $40
million.

"We'll never have this opportunity again," Ross said. "Interest rates will never
be this low."

The state also has paid down enough of its previous debts, Ross said, it could
keep up with Connect NC debt service without increasing what it spends on debt
service every year.

"We know at the time these bonds are issued we will pay off the bond debt we
currently hold," Ross said,

Another criticism is Connect NC doesn't pay for any road projects. The original
proposal was for a $2.8 billion bond that included roads and infrastructure -- a
figure that turned enough legislators off that the transportation spending --
including on Alamance County's N.C. 119 project -- was cut.

Ross said the legislature made up for that by leaving the state's highway trust
fund for road spending instead of diverting it to the general fund. N.C. 119 is
being funded, he pointed out.

"That trust fund has been raided going back as far as I can remember, and that's
not what it was made for -- it's a highway trust fund," Ross said.

THE $6 MILLION ACC stands to get will not answer all of its needs and wants by
any means. The proposed facilities master plan the trustees will see Monday has
several new buildings, any of which could easily cost twice that much or more,
but it will help, Ingle said.

It has also been 15 years since the state issued major bonds for infrastructure
projects, and supporters don't want to miss this chance.

"That's the scariest part," Trustee William Gomory said. "We get $6.1 million,
and we probably won't get another one for 10 or 15 more years."

___ (c)2016 Times-News (Burlington, N.C.) Visit Times-News (Burlington, N.C.) at
www.thetimesnews.com Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: January 11, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20160110-BT-For-Alamance-County-Connect
-NC-bond-referendum-will-hinge-on-projects-at-ACC-0110-20160110

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: BT


                           Copyright 2016 Times-News


                              561 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                   Tonawanda News (North Tonawanda, New York)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             August 29, 2011 Monday

NT Farmers Market launches Fresh Connect

BYLINE: Danielle Haynes, Tonawanda News, North Tonawanda, N.Y.

SECTION: LIFESTYLE

LENGTH: 596 words


Aug. 29--There have been some changes made at the North Tonawanda Farmers Market
thanks to a $9,000 Fresh Connect grant from the state of New York. The grant,
the application for which came from Mayor Robert Ortt's office and City Market
Clerk John Long, is meant to launch new farmers markets and expand existing ones
throughout the state.

To encourage greater consumption of fresh fruits and vegetables, the North
Tonawanda market now has the technology to allow the redemption of food stamps
and other nutrition incentives such as Women, Infants and Children fruit and
vegetable checks, Farmers Market Nutrition Program coupons and Senior Farmers
Market Nutrition coupons.

The state will also provide new Fresh Connect checks, which are $2 rebate checks
for every $5 in food stamps spent at participating farmers markets like the one
in North Tonawanda.

"Our local farms are an industry that we want to see do well especially in these
kinds of times," Ortt said. "We want to assist our local farmers and this was a
part of the community, a part of the customer base they could not access prior
to this. (Fresh Connect) allows them to sell their goods to a whole slew of
people that they couldn't before."

With the grant money, the market was able to obtain a machine that allows
customers to swipe their food stamps card, for instance and in return they
receive wooden tokens redeemable for produce purchased from any vendor at the
Payne Avenue and Robinson Street location. Customers can use the tokens to
purchase only the types of food they're already allowed to purchase through
their assistance program at the grocery store, which is restricted to any food
product that is not hot and ready-to-eat.

"You're talking about locally grown fresh produce, healthy stuff and that's the
stuff you want, especially those who normally can't access those goods and
consume them," Ortt said.

Long, who has been training market workers to operate the new machine says he
likes that it gives individuals who must rely on benefits a great opportunity to
have control over the types of foods they eat.

"It's a great opportunity to eat fresh food. People would be amazed at the
difference in flavor," he said. "Things (at the market) are a day or two old,
not picked green and ripened when it's shipped."

Long admits that since the program's start Aug. 13, not many folks have taken
advantage of the new system. Mary Canfield, who runs a farm in Wilson, says she
hasn't had a single customer use the wooden tokens at her booth so far, but
hopes more and more individuals will come out to the market once word spreads.

"I'm sure people would be more than willing to use their EBT for fresh fruit,
but at this point I think it needs a little more advertising to really take
off," Canfield said. "I think they'll get better quality fruits and vegetables
and a better quantity for their money. Buying local, stretching their dollars,
it's all stuff we should be doing."

"I think it's a win for the people that are on (assistance) and it's a good
thing to provide access to the market," Ortt said. "The city market is a jewel
of our community and we want to bring as many people to that market as possible
... we don't want to have any barriers to people coming to that market."

For more information on the New York food stamp program, visit
http://otda.ny.gov/programs/food-stamps.

Contact features editor Danielle Haynes at 693-1000, ext. 116

___ (c)2011 Tonawanda News (North Tonawanda, N.Y.) Visit Tonawanda News (North
Tonawanda, N.Y.) at www.tonawanda-news.com Distributed by MCT Information
Services

LOAD-DATE: August 30, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20110829-TT-NT-Farmers-Market-launches-Fresh-Connect-0829-20110829

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: TT


                         Copyright 2011 Tonawanda News


                              562 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                  Northeast Mississippi Daily Journal (Tupelo)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            January 7, 2014 Tuesday

New sidewalks coming to Verona

BYLINE: JB Clark, Northeast Mississippi Daily Journal, Tupelo

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 397 words


Jan. 07--VERONA -- After years of research and planning, sidewalks are beginning
to appear along one major pedestrian route in Verona.

They're the result of a $250,000 Safe Routes to School grant through the
Mississippi Department of Transportation and the Safe Routes to School National
Partnership.

Alderman Margaret Baker presented the grant project to the Board of Aldermen at
the end of 2009 and now, with the support of Verona Elementary School Principal
Temeka Shannon, former Mayor Bobby Williams, current Mayor Robert Trice and many
others, the sidewalks are being installed.

Baker said she hopes to see sidewalks all over the city but for now the grant
will allow for .61 miles of sidewalk along Raymond Avenue, from 8th Street to
Barley Court, and along 10th Street, from Raymond Avenue to Verona Elementary
School.

While completing the work for the grant, Trice said they estimated 70 to 80
percent of the children who live in the neighborhoods around Verona Elementary
School walk already, causing safety and traffic problems.

"Verona is a walking city already," said Baker. "It will help people who want to
start a walking program and exercise program. It's geared toward the children
but it's not just for the children, it's for the community as a whole."

Once complete, the first phase will connect some of Verona's residential areas
to a large portion of the city's businesses. Baker said she hopes to see
construction of more sidewalks to connect the rest of the city.

Trice said he thinks the sidewalks also will help spread a sense of community
and neighborly kindness.

"I believe, if we work at it, we can have the safest, cleanest and friendliest
town in Lee County," he said. "I believe when you promote community, that will
combat the crime rate. We've got to work together and be nice to our neighbors
and our citizens and build up some pride in our city."

He added the sidewalks also give the city more curb appeal.

The project is slated for completion in June, according to Baker.

The city currently has sidewalks Baker said she remembers using to walk to and
from school. Most have tilted away from the road, crumbled or been covered with
grass and dirt.

jb.clark@journalinc.com

___ (c)2014 the Northeast Mississippi Daily Journal (Tupelo, Miss.) Visit the
Northeast Mississippi Daily Journal (Tupelo, Miss.) at www.nems360.com
Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: January 7, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20140107-TP-New-sidewalks-coming-to-Verona-0107-20140107

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: TP


               Copyright 2014 Northeast Mississippi Daily Journal


                              563 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                  The Press-Republican (Plattsburgh, New York)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           December 28, 2013 Saturday

State releases broadband funds

BYLINE: Dan Heath, The Press-Republican, Plattsburgh, N.Y.

SECTION: BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL NEWS

LENGTH: 371 words


Dec. 28--PLATTSBURGH -- Empire State Development has released more than $14.5
million in broadband funding, initially announced in March, for nine projects.

The money will boost service through four projects in the North Country.

Locally, Nicholville-based Slic Network Solutions has projects in the towns of
Schroon and North Hudson, Bellmont, Dannemora and Long Lake. Those broadband
expansions get $2.1 million, $1 million, $976,426 and $1.3 million,
respectively.

North Country Chamber of Commerce President Garry Douglas, co-chair of the North
Country Regional Economic Development Council, said the finalization of these
broadband projects is more welcome news for the North Country as 2013 comes to a
close.

"Communities like Lyon Mountain, Schroon Lake, Bellmont and Long Lake are now on
the cusp of 21st-century technology, which will open a variety of opportunities
in the years ahead," he told the Press-Republican by email.

"And the latest award of $81.3 million to our region includes a further $6
million for additional broadband progress in the coming months."

Most of the funding is for "last-mile" connection to broadband service, which is
frequently the most expensive part and seen as one reason rural areas continue
to lag behind in broadband availability.

The $14.5 million represents the first broadband grants released through Gov.
Andrew Cuomo's $25 million Connect NY Broadband Grant program.

The money is expected to expand broadband access to nearly 30,000 residents and
more than 2,000 businesses.

"Access to high-speed Internet is a critical resource for businesses and
residents in today's global economy," Cuomo said in a press release.

"These grants will connect underserved and rural communities to the many
benefits of broadband access, including giving local businesses the opportunity
to reach consumers from around the world.

"As the state works to grow the upstate economy, these nine projects will
provide the support necessary to attract and retain businesses and help create
jobs for the region."

Email Dan Heath:dheath@pressrepublican.com

___ (c)2013 the Press-Republican (Plattsburgh, N.Y.) Visit the Press-Republican
(Plattsburgh, N.Y.) at pressrepublican.com Distributed by MCT Information
Services

LOAD-DATE: December 28, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20131228-ZI-State-releases-broadband-funds-1228-20131228

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: ZI


                      Copyright 2013 The Press-Republican


                              564 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                               Impartial Reporter

                            October 4, 2016 Tuesday

Cancer Connect and Women's Aid each awarded 10,000

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 257 words


Cancer Connect NI has received a £10,000 grant from Big Lottery Fund's Awards
for All programme.
It is part of a Big Lottery Fund grants roll out this week of £635,016 to 78
groups across Northern Ireland.


Cancer Connect NI provides support for people affected by cancer in Fermanagh.
They are using the £10,000 to provide complementary therapies to cancer patients
and their families.
Fermanagh Women's Aid provides a safe and supported environment for women and
children who are or have been subjected to domestic violence whether in
supported housing or outreach support. They are using the £10,000 to refurbish
the group's emergency accommodation.
Lisnaskea Arthritis Care provides information, training in self-management of
arthritis, one to one support and social activities. They are using the £5,857
to provide various different exercise classes.
Joanne McDowell, Big Lottery Fund NI Director, said: "The Big Lottery Fund's NI
Awards for All programme funds health, education, environment and community
projects that help people bring about positive change in their lives, improve
health and well-being, develop skills and create safer communities.
"The application process is simple and accessible and shall remain so, making it
easy for applicants to successfully apply for small pots of funding that can
have such a big impact on local communities and lives."
Application forms and guidance notes are available to download at
www.biglotteryfund.org.uk. For more details call  028 9055 1455, or e-mail us at
enquiries.ni@biglotteryfund.org.uk

LOAD-DATE: October 4, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2016 NewsQuest Media Group Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              565 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                            The Sun (Yuma, Arizona)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           December 27, 2012 Thursday

Wellton overcomes budget challenges to achieve goals

BYLINE: James Gilbert, The Sun, Yuma, Ariz.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 588 words


Dec. 27--Despite the many budget challenges the east Yuma County community was
facing, Town Manager Rodney Rinehart said Wellton came through 2012 pretty well
and was even able to move forward on several quality-of-life projects.

"Last year had its challenges in that as far as the budget and operations, it
was more of a maintaining situation," Rinehart said. "Our population and the
size of our town has put more demands on our services, especially police and
fire. We just did not have much room to go out and make any big purchases or do
much of anything."

In talking about some of the things Wellton was able accomplish last year, even
with a weak economy, Rinehart said the town managed to get a few grants to make
improvements to its water system, including having a 600,000-gallon water
storage tank built.

The town will also be using some Community Development Block Grants it received
to add on to its five-block sidewalk system. Rinehart said that once the project
is complete, it will connect the Wellton Elementary School to the Yuma County
Library.

"We are currently in the design stage of the project, but we have been awarded
the grant, so we are moving forward with it. It should be completed within six
to eight months."

Once the school and library have been connected, Rinehart said, the sidewalk
will continue along San Jose Avenue to Center Street, leading to the post office
and the downtown retail shops, adding another four more blocks to the town's
sidewalk system.

"We have a sidewalk system on our main street of Los Angeles Avenue, so this
will be in the center of historic Wellton and connect back to into the major
domain sidewalk system."

Town officials and staff also spent a lot of time last year updating its general
plan, which is essentially a guide to the city's growth and land use in the
area. Rinehart said the town got a grant to do that as well.

Another highlight of last year, according to Rinehart, was that more people
called Wellton home. He said while the town's population, currently at 2,882,
has grown over the past decade, it is now seeing more retirees becoming
year-round residents.

"The town has grown a little bit since our last census. I don't know what the
percentage is, but there has been an increase in the number of full-time
residents."

Rinehart said while he is hopeful the economy will continue to get better, the
town will still face some challenges in the coming year, such as bringing in new
jobs and trying to meet the residents' demands for services on limited revenues.

"In the economic state we are in, trying to maintain our services is something
we have to watch closely. We actually see the same going into next year, but we
are hoping that some of the revenues will offset the cost of those services.

"We are hoping to see the light at the end of the tunnel and be able to do more
with what we have. I think all municipalities are hoping the economy turns
around soon."

Some indicators that things may be getting a bit better in Wellton are an
increase in the number of permits applied for and in the number of housing
starts. Rinehart said there were five new housing starts alone in the month of
November.

He added that the town will also continue looking for any opportunity to employ
people.

James Gilbert can be reached at jgilbert@yumasun.com or 539-6854. Find him on
Facebook at www.Facebook.com/YSJamesGilbert or on Twitter @YSJamesGilbert.

___ (c)2012 The Sun (Yuma, Ariz.) Visit The Sun (Yuma, Ariz.) at www.yumasun.com
Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: December 27, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20121227-YZ-Wellton-overcomes-budget-challenges-to-achieve-goals-1227-20121227

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: YZ


                             Copyright 2012 The Sun


                              566 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                The Berkshire Eagle (Pittsfield, Massachusetts)

                            November 17, 2006 Friday

Briefs

BYLINE: Business

SECTION: BUSINESS

LENGTH: 300 words



Berkshire County:

Nominees sought for BPW speak-off

Nominations for the 2007 Young Careerist Competition are being accepted by
Berkshire Business and Professional Women.

The speak-off will take place at 5:30 p.m. on Monday, Feb. 5, 2007, at Asters
Restaurant. Each year, Berkshire BPW honors working women between the ages of 21
and 35 for their personal and professional achievements.

Participants are asked to speak on a topic related to working women, be
interviewed by a panel of judges and answer questions related to national BPW
Legislative issues pertaining to women.

The criteria requested by nominees are:

* To be between the ages of 21 and 35.

* Be or have been employed in a business of their profession with at least one
year of full-time work experience.

* Be living and/or working in Berkshire County.

* Be active in civic and/or volunteer organization in the Berkshire County Area.

Please call (413) 458-9611, Ext. 507, or (413) 445-3593, or e-mail
chris@orchardshotel.com or Jodi.Rathbun@LegacyBanks .com to nominate a young
careerist. Nominations will be accepted until Jan. 20, 2007.


Pittsfield:

Groups get grants for broadband

The leadership of Berkshire Connect Inc. and Pioneer Valley Connect announce a
recent grant award from the John Adams Innovation Institute to further advance
broadband into Western Massachusetts' underserved communities.

The Innovation Institute, a division of the Massachusetts Technology
Collaborative, supports technology-based economic-development initiatives in the
commonwealth. A carefully developed collaborative proposal by the Connects has
resulted in a two-year, $300,000 Regional Priority award for the Pioneer Valley
and Berkshire regions.

One-third of the 101 communities in the region have no access to broadband, such
as DSL or cable modem technologies.

LOAD-DATE: November 18, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


   Copyright 2006 MediaNews Group, Inc. and New England Newspaper Group Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              567 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           September 15, 2014 Monday

Chairwoman Stabenow Announces Support for YMCA of Greater Grand Rapids to Expand
Access to Healthy Foods

LENGTH: 299  words

DATELINE: Washington


Office of the Senator Debbie Stabenow, U.S Government has issued the following
news release:

U.S. Senator Debbie Stabenow, Chairwoman of the Senate Committee on Agriculture,
Nutrition and Forestry, today announced support to expand healthy food options
in Grand Rapids. This grant, which comes through the U.S. Department of
Agriculture's National Institute of Food and Agriculture, will help the YMCA of
Greater Grand Rapids roll out and expand several projects to provide healthy and
nutritious foods to urban and low income communities.

"This support will help the YMCA of Greater Grand Rapids connect families with
local farmers and ranchers, boosting the local economy while providing consumers
with more healthy food options," said Stabenow. "Today's announcement is great
news for West Michigan farmers, businesses, and families who will have better
access to fresh foods."

"We are very excited to receive this funding so we can bring together urban
farmers, corner store owners, the YMCA Veggie Van mobile farmers' market, and
Grand Rapids' most vulnerable residents to build a sustainable local food system
in Grand Rapids," said Julie Sielawa, Executive Director of Community Outreach
at YMCA of Greater Grand Rapids.

The YMCA of Greater Grand Rapids will receive $292,658 from the USDA's National
Institute of Food and Agriculture's Community Food Projects Competitive Grant
Program to expand local food projects. Specifically, the funds will be used to
help small businesses connect with local farmers and growers to provide healthy
foods to the community. This support will also help the YMCA expand the hours of
operation for their "Veggie Van," a mobile farmers' market.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: September 16, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              568 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            December 8, 2015 Tuesday

California Public Utilities Commission notice; The Communications Division has
prepared Resolution T-17503 for the December 17, 2015, Commission Meeting.

LENGTH: 6273 words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Sacramento: California Public Utilities Commission has issued the following
notice:



 Resolution T-17503 DRAFT Agenda ID# 14468

 CD/WG1

 154995389

 PUBLIC UTILITIES COMMISSION OF THE STATE OF CALIFORNIA

 Communications Division

 RESOLUTION T-17503

 Broadband, Policy and Analysis Branch

 DATE December 17, 2015

 R E S O L U T I O N

 Resolution T-17503: Approval of funding for the grant application of Anza
Electric Cooperative, Inc. from the California Advanced Services Fund (CASF) in
the amount of $2,662,450 for the Connect Anza Project, located in a CASF
&ldquo;priority area.&rdquo;



 __________________________________________________________________

 I. Summary

 This Resolution approves funding in the amount of $2,662,450 from the
California Advanced Service Fund (CASF) in response to the grant application
from Anza Electric Cooperative, Inc. (AEC) which proposes to install a
fiber-to-the-premises (FTTP) system in the unincorporated communities of Anza,
Aguanga, Lake Riverside Estates, and Reed Valley in Western Riverside County (
Connect Anza Project). The Connect Anza Project will extend 50 Mbps and above
broadband service to approximately 3,751 households spread over 213 square miles
in the Anza Valley at a cost of $710 per household in CASF subsidies. The Anza
Valley is located 13 miles south of Idyllwild, approximately 35 miles southwest
of Palm Springs and 120 miles southeast of Los Angeles. The Connect Anza project
will also provide substantial safety and health benefits including, but not
limited to, resilient high capacity broadband infrastructure that will provide
access to e-health services and voice service that will meet all safety
standards, including E911.

 II. Background

 On December 20, 2007, the California Public Utilities Commission, in Decision
(D.) 07-12-054, established the CASF program as a two-year program to provide
funds for the

 Resolution T-17503 DRAFT 12/17/2015

 CD/WG1

 2

 deployment of broadband infrastructure in unserved and underserved areas in
California.

 On September 25, 2010, Governor Schwarzenegger signed Senate Bill (SB) 1040,1
which codified the CASF program and expanded it to include three accounts: (1)
the Infra-structure Grant Account, (2) the Consortia Grant Account, and (3) the
Revolving Loan Account. The latter two accounts are intended to address the
needs that were unmet under the original CASF program. SB 1040 also expanded the
CASF fund from $100 million to $225 million, adding $100 million to the
Infrastructure Grant Account and allocating $10 million and $15 million to the
Consortia Grant Account and the Revolving Loan Account, respectively.2

 On February 1, 2012, the Commission approved D.12-02-015 to implement new
guidelines for the Infrastructure Grant and Revolving Loan Accounts. Key
provisions of the decision include:

 [#xf0b7] A maximum CASF grant award of 70 percent of project costs for unserved
areas and 60 percent for underserved areas; and,

 [#xf0b7] A definition of an underserved area, &ldquo;where broadband is
available, but no wireline or wireless facilities-based provider offers service
at advertised speeds of at least 6 megabits per second (Mbps) downstream and 1.5
Mbps upstream (6 Mbps /1.5 Mbps).&rdquo;

 Subsequently, on June 26, 2014, the Commission approved Resolution T-17443,
which (relevant to this resolution) opened the CASF Broadband Infrastructure
Grant Account to new applications as of December 1, 2014, and offered existing
providers a &ldquo;right of first refusal&rdquo; to upgrade service in unserved
and underserved areas.3

 On July 16, 2015, AEC submitted an application for CASF funding to bring
symmetrical 50 Mbps and above broadband service to the homes and businesses of
the unincorporated communities of Anza, Aguanga, Lake Riverside Estates, and
Reed Valley via a FTTP connection. No existing provider made a commitment to
upgrade service before the November 1, 2014, &ldquo;first refusal&rdquo;
deadline. Because of this, CD

 1 Stats. 2010, c. 317, codified at Public Utilities (P.U.) Code &sect; 281

 2 P.U. Code &sect; 281(b)(1).

 3 The Commission later issued D.14-02-018 to implement provisions in Senate
Bill 740 (Padilla, Stats 2013, Chapter 522), which amended P.U. Code &sect; 281
and expanded eligibility for CASF Infrastructure Grants/Loans to non-telephone
corporations.

 Resolution T-17503 DRAFT 12/17/2015

 CD/WG1

 3

 determined the proposed project area to be &ldquo;underserved&rdquo; and
eligible for new applications.

 On September 17, 2015, Anza modified their application. The initial application
proposed to serve a 319 square mile area which includes the California State
Route 74 'Pines to Palms' state scenic highway. Given that a categorical CEQA
exemption cannot be granted for above-ground fiber projects along scenic
highways, Anza modified their application to exclude the Highway 74 corridor.
This modification reduced the total project area to 213 square miles. The
applicant estimates a 10 percent reduction in the number of households to be
served (an estimated 375 households) given the 106 mile modification.

 III. Notice/Protests

 On July 17, 2015, CD posted the proposed project area map, census block groups
(CBGs) and zip codes for the Connect Anza Project on the Commission's CASF
webpage under &ldquo;CASF Application Project Summaries&rdquo; and also sent
notice regarding the project to its electronic service list. CD did not receive
any challenges to the proposed project.4

 IV. Discussion

 This Resolution adopts CD's recommended award of $2,662,450 in a CASF grant for
the Connect Anza Project. This award represents 60 percent of the applicant's
estimated total project cost of $4,437,418. Key project information and maps are
shown in Appendix A.

 A. Applicant and Project Overview

 AEC5 currently owns and distributes electricity using over 700 miles of line in
Southwest Riverside County covering the areas of Anza, Garner Valley, Pinyon,
Alpine Village, Royal Carrizo and parts of Aguanga. AEC proposes to deploy a
fiber optic

 4 CD received an email after the challenge period from an individual who has a
small fixed wireless and satellite reseller business in Anza, CA. He did not
challenge the project but, instead, expressed opposition to the fixed wireless
portion of the project, noting the presence of the two small local wireless
providers (MtPalomar.net and Wireless Internet Pro) who do advertise up to
served speeds in some locations. The two providers do not provide data to the
Commission and staff has no way of validating their service.

 5 AEC is an incorporated non-profit 501(c) (12) electricity (member-owned)
cooperative. According to the AEC website
(http://www.anzaelectric.org/content/about-us), AEC provides power to 3900
homes, schools, businesses and 20 irrigation loads.

 Resolution T-17503 DRAFT 12/17/2015

 CD/WG1

 4

 network on its existing poles and rights of way and establish a network of
sufficient capacity to establish high speed, quality Internet service for
customers in AEC's electrical service territory. Anza also proposes to serve
approximately 170 transient residences (trailer homes) using a fixed wireless
installation6.

 AEC requested a CASF grant of $2,662,450.81, which is 60 percent of the total
project costs ($4,437,418.02), with matching AEC funding of $1,774,967. If this
project is approved, the project will reach an estimated 3,751 households,7 with
all customers capable of achieving speeds of at least 50 Mbps on both downloads
and uploads which is above the Commission-defined &ldquo;served&rdquo; threshold
of 6 Mbps download/1.5 Mbps upload.

 The Connect Anza project will directly benefit the Cahuilla band of Indians
whose reservation in within the project area. The reservation contains an
estimated8 70 households as well as the Cahuilla Creek Casino and tribal
buildings.

 B. Project Qualification

 To qualify for the CASF program, an applicant is required to submit proof that
the area is unserved or underserved by submitting shapefiles of the proposed
project. CD reviews the submitted shapefiles and compares them with United
States 2010 Census data and the California Interactive Broadband Availability
map.9 Once CD determines that the area is eligible either as an unserved or
underserved area, CD evaluates all other information the applicant has submitted
to determine if the project meets the requirements outlined in D.12-02-015. CD
reviews other information including: descriptions of current and proposed
broadband infrastructure; number of potential subscriber households and average
income; project construction schedule; project budget; proposed pricing and
commitment period for new subscribers; and financial viability of the applicant.


 As an initial step in the review of AEC's application, CD reviewed the CBGs
submitted in the project application and determined that the project was indeed
not served at adequate speeds via wireline or fixed wireless providers. With
regard to mobile service,

 6 The number of trailer homes served and the information that the residents who
live in the trailer homes are transient was stated by the applicant.

 7 The total number of households as recorded in the US 2010 census for census
block group areas to be served by the proposed project.

 8 Total number of households on the Cahuilla Reservation estimated by the
applicant.

 9 Here, CD consulted the latest version of the California Interactive Broadband
Availability Map, with data current as of June 30, 2014.

 Resolution T-17503 DRAFT 12/17/2015

 CD/WG1

 5

 however, the California Interactive Broadband Availability Map indicates that
55% of the proposed project area may be served by Verizon and/or AT&T Mobility
wireless service10. The applicant disputed that the area is served by providing
mobile field tests using the CalSPEED app.11

 The applicant provided 43 CalSPEED tests conducted on July 3, 2015 (see
Appendix D for a list of speed test results). All of the test results showed
unserved or underserved speeds within the project area. This finding, when
combined with the fact that there were no challenges to the project, led staff
to recommend that the area be considered underserved by mobile broadband.

 C. Project Evaluation and Recommendation for Funding

 CD evaluated AEC's application with respect to the scoring criteria defined in
D.12-02-015, Appendix 1, Section VIII (Scoring Criteria). The scoring criteria
includes: (i) Funds Requested per Potential Customer; (ii) Speed, (iii)
Financial Viability; (iv) Pricing; (v) Total Number of Households in the
Proposed Area; (vi) Timeliness of Completion of Project; (vii) Guaranteed
Pricing Period; and (viii) Low-Income Areas. Five bonus points are also added to
an applicant's score if local government and community endorsements or letters
of support are submitted. CD also conducted qualitative evaluation of the
project area, existing infrastructure, and community needs.

 The Community. The unincorporated communities of Anza, Aguanga, Lake Riverside
Estates and Reed Valley are located in the high desert southwest of the San
Jacinto Mountains. Anza Valley is located in the high desert southwest of the
San Jacinto Mountains. Coachella Valley (which includes the city of Palm
Springs) lies on the east side of the San Jacinto Mountains. Los Angeles is
approximately 120 miles northwest and San Diego is approximately 75 miles to the
southwest of the proposed project area. The project area is just north of the
San Diego County border in southwestern Riverside County.

 The communities within the project boundary have approximately 3,751 households
with a total population of 9,701 (using 2010 US Census data). For the Census
Designated Place (CDP) of Anza (population 3,040 as reported in the 2010 US
Census), 8.3 percent of the population is 18 years of age or younger, 66 percent
is between the

 10 Mobile broadband coverage is based on either the advertised maximum mobile
provider speed or the speed interpolated from CPUC mobile speed testing points
(using the mean - 1 standard deviation of all speed readings for that point),
whichever is least.

 11 CalSPEED is the Commission's mobile application that is used to test mobile
broadband speeds.

 Resolution T-17503 DRAFT 12/17/2015

 CD/WG1

 6

 ages of 18 and 62, and 26 percent is 62 years and above. The smaller CDP of
Aguanga (population 1,128 per the 2010 Census) had an even higher percentage of
the population 62 years and older (41 percent). The applicant noted that there
is large number of retired people in the community. The Cahuilla Indian
Reservation is within the project area.

 Based on the information provided in AEC's application, local economic activity
is minimal and a large percentage of the working population commutes out of the
area. Referring to the census data for Anza CDP, 65 percent of the working
population's commute time is 30 minutes or more, with the mean travel time to
work at 41 minutes. The US 2010 Census reported the median household income
(MHI) (per census block data) is $48,038 which is 79 percent of the state MHI
average. However, the poverty rate for Anza CDP is reported at 11.5 percent
which is below the state average (15.9 percent).

 The Connect Anza project area includes two public schools; the Hamilton High
School and the Hamilton Elementary School. According to the California
Department of Education, total enrollment at Hamilton High School is 326 and at
the Elementary School it is 445. The proposed project area also includes a small
K-12 Christian school and a private religious university (Olivet University)
whose current enrollment is 120 students and a projected enrollment of 2,000.
There is also a public library, two fire stations and large California
Department of Corrections and Rehabilitation Conservation (Fire) Camp (with a
maximum capacity of 120 inmates).

 The Connect Anza project will increase Internet capacity and enable local
students to take advantage of open-sourced educational materials, thus helping
the area bridge the digital divide. The local public schools already have a
fiber connection through the CENIC12 network. However, the schools have
expressed support for this project due to the opportunities provided to the
students. A robust internet connection will allow students to utilize online
teaching materials and techniques which they cannot currently access and use at
home. Students and parents will be able to utilize online services to organize
class assignments, check grades and communicate with teachers. Given the rural
nature of the community and the substantial distances between schools and
residences, reliable broadband access will allow students to learn at home
without the need to travel to the school. Additionally free Internet access will
be available at the local library and community hall.13

 12 See the CENIC website for a description of their network
(http://cenic.org/about/about-overview).

 13 AEC has committed to providing free Internet access for the community hall
and community park.

 Resolution T-17503 DRAFT 12/17/2015

 CD/WG1

 7

 Olivet University is a religious institution located in the project area.
Olivet University has stated to the applicant that they will leverage the Anza
project fiber network to enable online access and education at the university, a
service that is not currently available.

 CD has received 70 letters of support for the Connect Anza project. CD's review
of the letters of support revealed numerous complaints about the poor quality of
Internet service in the area as well as the lack of broadband choices. Another
theme portrayed in the letters of support for this CASF proposed project was
AEC's dependability for affordable and reliable energy utility service,
including the community's overarching confidence in AEC.

 Further, the Inland Empire Regional Broadband Consortium recommended the
communities of Anza and Aguanga as priority areas for CASF funding and fully
supports the proposed project. They noted how vital this project is to the
area's long term viability given the needs and opportunities that this project
will address related to telemedicine, education, economic development, fire and
police communications as well as benefiting the Cahuilla Native American tribes.
The project is also supported by elected officials at the local, state and
federal level.

 Pricing and Affordability. AEC has committed to a broadband pricing plan under
the terms shown below, for four years starting from the beginning date of
service. There is no long-term commitment required by the consumer.

 Service Type

 Broadband Speed

 (in Mbps)

 Monthly Charge: Standalone Broadband

 Monthly Charge:

 Bundled with Voice

 Residential

 50 down / 50 up

 $49.99

 $69.99

 Small Business

 100 down / 50 up

 $109.99

 $144.99

 Commercial

 500 down / 500 up

 $2,000.00

 $2,000.00

 Activation and installation (all types): Waived

 Modem charge: No monthly residential or business equipment fee.

 Voice service includes unlimited calling in the United States and to Canada.

 The applicant estimates that about 40 percent of households in the area would
purchase AEC's service because of the area's underserved status. This take
rate14 may actually be

 14 The &ldquo;take rate&rdquo; is the percentage of potential subscribers who
are offered the service that actually do subscribe to the service.

 Resolution T-17503 DRAFT 12/17/2015

 CD/WG1

 8

 higher for a number of reasons. Given that AEC is the long-standing local
utility for electrical service, area residents are familiar with the AEC. AEC is
member-owned and the members voted to change the company's by-laws for the
purpose of providing this service. Given the large percentage of residents who
commute out of the area, robust broadband access would provide an opportunity
for telecommuting.

 The Applicant. AEC is a not-for-profit business with six decades of experience
providing affordable and reliable energy service. AEC owns and maintains over
10,000 poles and other structures necessary for the installation of the cable,
as well as easements necessary to route the system through. AEC already has a
3-mile segment of fiber installed in the downtown Anza area that provides
Internet service free of charge to the Anza Civic Improvement League, the
Community Center Building and a fire station.15 Based on this information, CD
determined that AEC has relevant experience and infrastructure for successfully
installing and operating a high speed fiber optic network to the premises.

 Financial Viability. AEC determined that the project is economically feasible
with a CASF grant of $2,662,450, which is 60 percent of the total project costs,
to match AEC's investment of $1,774,967.

 CD reviewed submitted balance sheet, income, cash flow statements and other
financial viability variables for AEC and concluded that AEC has the existing
capital resources for the 40 percent required matching funds to construct the
Connect Anza project, as well as a sound financial framework for future
operations. Therefore, staff determined that the risk that this project would
encounter financial problems, such as the project not being completed or
maintained over time, is minimal.

 Key Characteristics. CD found that the Connect Anza Project meets CASF funding
requirements with respect to the following factors:

 [#xf0b7] Speed - the proposed speed offering of 50 Mbps download and 50 Mbps
upload (for residential customers) significantly exceeds the 6/1.5 benchmark set
by the Commission;

 [#xf0b7] Service area - is determined to be underserved and covers 213 square
miles;

 [#xf0b7] Matching Funds(40 percent of project cost) - the applicant will use
existing capital; the submitted balance sheet, income and cash flow statements
show that the applicant is financially viable and has the financial capability
to match the funds;

 15 The Connect Anza broadband project would continue to provide complementary
broadband to these organizations and to the other fire stations in the area.

 Resolution T-17503 DRAFT 12/17/2015

 CD/WG1

 9

 [#xf0b7] Price Commitment Period - the applicant has committed to a pricing
plan of four years, which is two years more than required;

 [#xf0b7] Deployment Schedule - the applicant has submitted detailed planning
documents, including a schedule with clear milestones to indicate that it will
be completed within the required 24-month construction timeline;

 [#xf0b7] Number of Households - This project will potentially reach 3,751
households;

 [#xf0b7] Low Income - The median household income ($48,038) is 79 percent of
the State's median value.

 This project is economical and provides a wide benefit. The CASF per-household
subsidy is $710 per household (based on 3,751 households that will have access).
This state subsidy, when compared to previous subsidies provided through the
CASF program for fiber projects, is low.16 The number of households that Anza
proposes to pass would be the fourth largest CASF last-mile project in terms of
households served and the area served in terms of square miles would be the
highest for all approved CASF last-mile projects.

 Based on its review, CD determined that AEC's grant application for the Connect
Anza Project qualifies for funding as an underserved area and meets the
requirements of D.12-02-015. CD staff further finds that funding the Connect
Anza Project aligns with CASF's goal to encourage the deployment of high-quality
advanced information and communications technologies to all Californians to
promote economic growth, job creation, and substantial social benefits.

 D. Safety Considerations

 The CASF program encourages the deployment of broadband throughout the State
which can enable the public to access important information in the event of an
emergency, access to emergency services, and allow first responders to
communicate with each other and collaborate during emergencies. As the
Governor's Broadband Task Force stated in its 2007 report, ubiquitous broadband
will play a key role in enhancing public safety operations and applications in
law enforcement, disaster relief, traffic management, and virtually every other
aspect of public safety.

 The census-designated communities of Anza and Aguanga and the communities of
Lake Riverside Estates, and Reed Valley have no local medical clinics. The
nearest facilities are located either in Hemet or Murrieta, both of which are
50-plus minutes by

 16 In reference of the cost of fiber projects funded through the CASF grant
program, the subsidy provided to the Connect Anza project when compared to the
per household subsidy for the other funded fiber projects, is18 percent of the
median and 8 percent of the mean cost per household.

 Resolution T-17503 DRAFT 12/17/2015

 CD/WG1

 10

 car on windy 2-lane roads. Telephone and broadband allows access to these
facilities and providers and can be a critical factor in health and safety
emergencies.

 Additionally, voice service provided as a part of this project would meet all
safety standards, including battery backup, E911 data and access to local PSAPs.


 V. Compliance Requirements

 AEC is required to comply with all the guidelines, requirements, and conditions
associated with the grant of CASF funds as specified in D.12-02-015. Such
compliance includes, but is not limited to:

 A. California Environmental Quality Act (CEQA)

 All CASF grants are subject to CEQA requirements. The Commission must complete
environmental review before funding construction projects, unless the projects
are statutorily or categorically exempt pursuant to the CEQA Guidelines.

 AEC has provided the Commission with their plan to use existing infrastructure
for the installation of a fiber-to-the-premises (FTTP) system in their service
area. Existing electrical infrastructure (with over 700 miles of line and
associated poles) provides power to area residents and businesses. AEC has been
providing power to the area since 1955 and owns most of the existing towers,
buildings, conduits, ducts, rights-of-way, trenches and other facilities (some
poles are owned by Verizon who currently provides telephone service for the
area). AEC will construct its fiber backbone using these existing facilities.
AEC will likewise construct last mile segments in or on existing facilities,
including replacement utility poles (when necessary to meet applicable
engineering and safety standards). AEC anticipates that the only underground
construction that may be required is for short utility extensions. In these
limited instances, AEC may engage in relatively minor ground-disturbing
activities primarily in existing, well-used rights-of-ways and utility easements
in its electric service territory.

 Based on the above information the project qualifies for the following
categorical exemptions from CEQA: This project meets the criteria of the CEQA
categorical exemption for existing facilities (CEQA Guidelines &sect; 15301) and
CEQA Guidelines Section &sect; 15303 - New Construction or Conversion of Small
Structures, involving construction, installation, and/or conversion of limited
numbers of new and/or existing facilities/structures.

 Resolution T-17503 DRAFT 12/17/2015

 CD/WG1

 11

 B. Deployment Schedule

 The Commission expects AEC to complete the project within 24 months from start
date (as determined by the procedure below). If the applicant is unable to
complete the proposed project within the 24 month timeframe requirement
established by the Commission, it must notify the Director of CD as soon as AEC
becomes aware of this possibility. If such notice is not provided, the
Commission may reduce payment for failure to satisfy the requirement by timely
notifying CD's Director.

 C. Execution and Performance

 CD and AEC shall determine a project start date after the CASF grant recipient
has obtained all approvals. Should AEC or any Contractor it retains fail to
commence work by the designated date, upon five days written notice to AEC, the
Commission may terminate the grant. In the event that AEC fails to complete the
project in accordance with the terms of CPUC approval as set forth in this
resolution, AEC shall reimburse some or all of the CASF funds that it has
received.

 AEC must complete all construction covered by the grant on or before the
termination date.

 D. Performance Bond

 The Commission does not require a performance bond if the applicant is a
CPCN/WIR holder and if the applicant certifies that the percentage of the total
project costs it is providing comes from their capital budget and is not
obtained from outside financing. In its application, AEC certified that the
percentage of the total project costs will come from its existing capital
budget.

 On July 17, 2015, AEC also filed an application for a CPCN, which is currently
pending before the Commission.

 If the Commission grants the CPCN, a performance bond is not required for this
project. However, in the event that the Commission does not award AEC a CPCN,
AEC must provide evidence of an executed performance bond equal to the total
amount payable under the CASF award at the time of the first payment request.

 Resolution T-17503 DRAFT 12/17/2015

 CD/WG1

 12

 D. Price Commitment Period

 The minimum required price commitment period for broadband service to all
households within the project area is two years. AEC exceeds the minimum period
and guarantees the price of service offered in the project area for four years.

 E. Project Audit

 The Commission has the right to conduct any necessary audit, verification, and
discovery during project implementation/construction to ensure that CASF funds
are spent in accordance with Commission approval.

 The recipient's invoices will be subject to a financial audit by the Commission
at any time within three years of completion of the work.

 F. Providing Voice Service

 The proposed project will allow AEC to provide landline voice service via Voice
over Internet Protocol (VoIP). AEC commits to adhere to all FCC requirements in
regards to E911 service and must provide equipment with battery backup.

 G. Reporting

 All grantees must submit quarterly progress reports on the status of the
project irrespective of whether grantees request reimbursement or payment.
Before full payment of the project, AEC must submit a project completion report.
Progress reports shall use the schedule for deployment, major construction
milestones and costs submitted in the proposal; indicate the actual date of
completion of each task/milestone as well as problems and issues encountered,
and the actions taken to resolve these problems and issues during project
implementation and construction; and identify future risks to the project.

 Recipients shall also include test results on the download and upload speeds on
a CBG and zip code basis in the final completion report. AEC must certify that
each progress report is true and correct under penalty of perjury.

 H. Submission of Form 477

 The FCC currently requires broadband providers to biannually submit the Form
477, which includes speed data. While there is an imperfect match between the
data that is

 Resolution T-17503 DRAFT 12/17/2015

 CD/WG1

 13

 reported in the Form 477 and to the CASF, the Form 477 data will be useful in
documenting CASF deployment for the service providers new service. Pursuant to
General Order 66-C, service providers in California must submit a copy of their
Form 477 data directly to the CPUC concurrent with their submission of the same
data to the FCC for a five-year period after completion of the project.17

 VI. Compliance Requirements

 Submission of invoices from and payments to AEC shall be made at 25-percent
completion intervals, in accordance with Section XI of Appendix 1 of D.12-02-015
and according to the guidelines and supporting documentation required in
D.12-02-015.

 Payment to AEC shall follow the process adopted for funds created under P. U.
Code &sect;270. Payments are generally processed by the Commission, including CD
and Administrative Services review time, within 20-25 business days. The State
Controller's Office (SCO) requires an additional 14- 21 days to issue payment
from the day that requests are received by SCO from Administrative Services.

 VII. Comments on Draft Resolution

 In compliance with Public Utilities Code &sect; 311(g), a notice letter was
e-mailed on MMM DD, 2015, informing all parties on the CASF Distribution List of
the availability of the draft of this resolution for public comments at the
Commission's website at http://www.cpuc.ca.gov/PUC/documents/. This letter also
informed parties that the final conformed Resolution adopted by the Commission
will be posted and available at this same website.

 VIII. Findings

 1. AEC filed an application for CASF funding for its Connect Anza Project on
July 16, 2015. The proposed project will improve speeds by installing a
fiber-to-the-premise system capable of symmetrical 50 Mbps download/upload
service to upwards of 3,751 households in the unincorporated communities of
Anza, Aguanga, Lake Riverside Estates, and Reed Valley in Western Riverside
County. This system would provide broadband Internet service to an area that is

 17 Approval of the California Advanced Services Fund (CASF) Application
Requirements and Scoring Criteria for Awarding CASF Funds (2008) Cal. P.U.C.
Res. No. T-17143 at 4.

 Resolution T-17503 DRAFT 12/17/2015

 CD/WG1

 14

 currently underserved. The CBGs impacted by the project are 060650444021,
060650444022, 060650444023, 060650444031, 060650444032 and 060650444033.

 2. CD posted the proposed project area map, CBGs and zip codes by county for
the AEC Connect Anza Project on the Commission's CASF webpage under &ldquo;CASF
Application Project Summaries&rdquo; on July 17, 2015. CD received no challenges
to this project.

 3. CD reviewed and analyzed data submitted for the AEC Connect Anza Project's
CASF grant application to determine the project's eligibility for CASF funding.
This data included, but was not limited to: descriptions of current and proposed
broadband infrastructure; geographic information system (GIS) formatted
shapefiles mapping the project areas; assertion that the area is underserved;
number of potential subscriber households and average incomes; project
construction schedule; project budget; proposed pricing and commitment period
for new subscribers; and financial viability of the applicant.

 4. CD reviewed the submitted shapefiles, which mapped the proposed broadband
deployment using United States 2010 Census data and the California Interactive
Broadband Availability Maps, with availability data current as of June 30, 2014.
These maps helped to verify the availability and speed of any broadband service,
where available. The project area was determined to be underserved.

 5. Based on its review, CD determined that the project qualifies for funding
under D. 12-02-015 and recommends Commission approval of CASF funding for AEC's
Connect Anza Project.

 6. AEC is required to comply with all guidelines, requirements, and conditions
associated with the granting of CASF funds as specified in D.12-02-015 and must
submit the FCC Form 477, as specified in T-17143.

 7. The Commission finds CD's recommendation to fund AEC's project, as
summarized in Appendix A, to be reasonable and consistent with Commission orders
and, therefore, adopts such recommendation.

 8. The Commission has determined that the project is categorically exempt from
CEQA review, under Sections 15301, 15303 and 15304 of the CEQA Guidelines
because the project involves minor modifications to existing structures and
facilities and possibly a minor amount of trenching where the surface will be
restored to existing conditions.

 Resolution T-17503 DRAFT 12/17/2015

 CD/WG1

 15

 9. AEC will be required to show evidence of a performance bond at time of first
payment if its CPCN application is not been granted. If the CPCN is granted, AEC
is not required to post a performance bond because 40% of the total project cost
will be financed through AEC's existing capital budget.

 10. A notice letter was e-mailed on November 13, 2015, informing all applicants
filing for CASF funding, parties on the CASF distribution list of the
availability of the draft of this Resolution for public comments at the
Commission's website http://www.cpuc.ca.gov/PUC/documents/. This letter also
informed parties that the final confirmed Resolution adopted by the Commission
will be posted and available at this same website.

 THEREFORE, IT IS ORDERED that:

 1. The Commission shall award $2,662,450 to AEC for the Connect Anza Project as
described herein and summarized in Appendix A of this Resolution.

 2. The program fund payment of $2,662,450 for this project in underserved areas
shall be paid out of the CASF Infrastructure Grant Account in accordance with
the guidelines adopted in D.12-02-015, including compliance with CEQA.

 3. Payments to the CASF recipient shall be in accordance with Section XI of
Appendix 1 of D.12-02-015 and in accordance with the process defined in the
&ldquo;Payments to CASF Recipients&rdquo; section of this Resolution.

 4. The CASF fund recipient, AEC, shall comply with all guidelines, requirements
and conditions associated with the CASF funds award as specified in D.12-02-015
and must submit the FCC Form 477 to the Commission, as specified in Resolution
T-17143.

 Resolution T-17503 DRAFT 12/17/2015

 CD/WG1

 16

 This Resolution is effective today.

 I hereby certify that this Resolution was adopted by the Public Utilities
Commission at its regular meeting on December 17, 2015. The following
Commissioners approved it:

 TIMOTHY J. SULLIVAN

 Executive Director

 Resolution T-17503

 CD/WG1

 APPENDIX

 Resolution T-17503

 CD/WG1

 Appendix A-1

 APPENDIX A

 Resolution T-17503

 Anza Electric Cooperative, Connect Anza Project

 CASF Applicant Key Information Project Name AEC Connect Anza Project

 Project Plan

 Connect Anza will deploy a fiber optic cable on existing poles and rights of
way and establish a network of sufficient capacity to establish high speed,
quality Internet service for Anza Electric Cooperatives (AEC's) existing service
territory located wholly within western Riverside County.

 Project Size (in square miles)

 213

 Download/Upload speed

 50 Mbps / 50 Mbps

 Location

 Riverside County

 Community Names

 The unincorporated communities of Anza, Aguanga, Lake Riverside Estates, and
Reed Valley

 Census Block Groups

 060650444021, 060650444022, 060650444023, 060650444031, 060650444032,
060650444033

 Weighted Median Household Income

 $48,038

 Zip Codes

 92536, 92539, 92544

 Estimated potential subscriber size

 3,751 households

 Applicant expectations

 1,500 households

 Pricing Plan

 Residential Monthly Charge:

 Standalone: $ 49.99/mo

 With Voice: $ 69.99/mo

 Small Business Charge:

 Standard: $109.99/mo

 With Voice: Additional $35 per line

 (no installation or modem fees)

 Deployment Schedule (from Commission approval date)

 24 months

 Proposed Project Budget (Total)

 $4,437,418.02

 Amount of CASF funds requested (60 percent)

 $2,662,450.81

 Applicant funded (40 percent)

 $1,774,967.21

 Resolution T-17503

 CD/WG1

 Appendix B-1

 Appendix B

 Resolution T-17503 AEC Connect Anza

 Project location map

 Resolution T-17503

 CD/WG1

 Appendix C-1

 Appendix C

 Resolution T-17503 AEC Connect Anza

 Existing broadband download speeds

 Resolution T-17503

 CD/WG1

 Appendix C-1

 Appendix D - Applicant Provided Mobile Speed Tests

 Resolution T-17503

 CD/WG1

 Appendix A-1

 Resolution T-17503

 CD/WG1

 Appendix A-1

 Resolution T-17503

 CD/WG1

 Appendix A-1



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: December 8, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              569 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            December 4, 2015 Friday

California Public Utilities Commission notice; The Communications Division has
prepared Resolution T-17503 for the December 17, 2015, Commission Meeting

LENGTH: 6273 words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Sacramento: California Public Utilities Commission has issued the following
notice:



 Resolution T-17503 DRAFT Agenda ID# 14468

 CD/WG1

 154995389

 PUBLIC UTILITIES COMMISSION OF THE STATE OF CALIFORNIA

 Communications Division

 RESOLUTION T-17503

 Broadband, Policy and Analysis Branch

 DATE December 17, 2015

 R E S O L U T I O N

 Resolution T-17503: Approval of funding for the grant application of Anza
Electric Cooperative, Inc. from the California Advanced Services Fund (CASF) in
the amount of $2,662,450 for the Connect Anza Project, located in a CASF
&ldquo;priority area.&rdquo;



 __________________________________________________________________

 I. Summary

 This Resolution approves funding in the amount of $2,662,450 from the
California Advanced Service Fund (CASF) in response to the grant application
from Anza Electric Cooperative, Inc. (AEC) which proposes to install a
fiber-to-the-premises (FTTP) system in the unincorporated communities of Anza,
Aguanga, Lake Riverside Estates, and Reed Valley in Western Riverside County (
Connect Anza Project). The Connect Anza Project will extend 50 Mbps and above
broadband service to approximately 3,751 households spread over 213 square miles
in the Anza Valley at a cost of $710 per household in CASF subsidies. The Anza
Valley is located 13 miles south of Idyllwild, approximately 35 miles southwest
of Palm Springs and 120 miles southeast of Los Angeles. The Connect Anza project
will also provide substantial safety and health benefits including, but not
limited to, resilient high capacity broadband infrastructure that will provide
access to e-health services and voice service that will meet all safety
standards, including E911.

 II. Background

 On December 20, 2007, the California Public Utilities Commission, in Decision
(D.) 07-12-054, established the CASF program as a two-year program to provide
funds for the

 Resolution T-17503 DRAFT 12/17/2015

 CD/WG1

 2

 deployment of broadband infrastructure in unserved and underserved areas in
California.

 On September 25, 2010, Governor Schwarzenegger signed Senate Bill (SB) 1040,1
which codified the CASF program and expanded it to include three accounts: (1)
the Infra-structure Grant Account, (2) the Consortia Grant Account, and (3) the
Revolving Loan Account. The latter two accounts are intended to address the
needs that were unmet under the original CASF program. SB 1040 also expanded the
CASF fund from $100 million to $225 million, adding $100 million to the
Infrastructure Grant Account and allocating $10 million and $15 million to the
Consortia Grant Account and the Revolving Loan Account, respectively.2

 On February 1, 2012, the Commission approved D.12-02-015 to implement new
guidelines for the Infrastructure Grant and Revolving Loan Accounts. Key
provisions of the decision include:

 [#xf0b7] A maximum CASF grant award of 70 percent of project costs for unserved
areas and 60 percent for underserved areas; and,

 [#xf0b7] A definition of an underserved area, &ldquo;where broadband is
available, but no wireline or wireless facilities-based provider offers service
at advertised speeds of at least 6 megabits per second (Mbps) downstream and 1.5
Mbps upstream (6 Mbps /1.5 Mbps).&rdquo;

 Subsequently, on June 26, 2014, the Commission approved Resolution T-17443,
which (relevant to this resolution) opened the CASF Broadband Infrastructure
Grant Account to new applications as of December 1, 2014, and offered existing
providers a &ldquo;right of first refusal&rdquo; to upgrade service in unserved
and underserved areas.3

 On July 16, 2015, AEC submitted an application for CASF funding to bring
symmetrical 50 Mbps and above broadband service to the homes and businesses of
the unincorporated communities of Anza, Aguanga, Lake Riverside Estates, and
Reed Valley via a FTTP connection. No existing provider made a commitment to
upgrade service before the November 1, 2014, &ldquo;first refusal&rdquo;
deadline. Because of this, CD

 1 Stats. 2010, c. 317, codified at Public Utilities (P.U.) Code &sect; 281

 2 P.U. Code &sect; 281(b)(1).

 3 The Commission later issued D.14-02-018 to implement provisions in Senate
Bill 740 (Padilla, Stats 2013, Chapter 522), which amended P.U. Code &sect; 281
and expanded eligibility for CASF Infrastructure Grants/Loans to non-telephone
corporations.

 Resolution T-17503 DRAFT 12/17/2015

 CD/WG1

 3

 determined the proposed project area to be &ldquo;underserved&rdquo; and
eligible for new applications.

 On September 17, 2015, Anza modified their application. The initial application
proposed to serve a 319 square mile area which includes the California State
Route 74 'Pines to Palms' state scenic highway. Given that a categorical CEQA
exemption cannot be granted for above-ground fiber projects along scenic
highways, Anza modified their application to exclude the Highway 74 corridor.
This modification reduced the total project area to 213 square miles. The
applicant estimates a 10 percent reduction in the number of households to be
served (an estimated 375 households) given the 106 mile modification.

 III. Notice/Protests

 On July 17, 2015, CD posted the proposed project area map, census block groups
(CBGs) and zip codes for the Connect Anza Project on the Commission's CASF
webpage under &ldquo;CASF Application Project Summaries&rdquo; and also sent
notice regarding the project to its electronic service list. CD did not receive
any challenges to the proposed project.4

 IV. Discussion

 This Resolution adopts CD's recommended award of $2,662,450 in a CASF grant for
the Connect Anza Project. This award represents 60 percent of the applicant's
estimated total project cost of $4,437,418. Key project information and maps are
shown in Appendix A.

 A. Applicant and Project Overview

 AEC5 currently owns and distributes electricity using over 700 miles of line in
Southwest Riverside County covering the areas of Anza, Garner Valley, Pinyon,
Alpine Village, Royal Carrizo and parts of Aguanga. AEC proposes to deploy a
fiber optic

 4 CD received an email after the challenge period from an individual who has a
small fixed wireless and satellite reseller business in Anza, CA. He did not
challenge the project but, instead, expressed opposition to the fixed wireless
portion of the project, noting the presence of the two small local wireless
providers (MtPalomar.net and Wireless Internet Pro) who do advertise up to
served speeds in some locations. The two providers do not provide data to the
Commission and staff has no way of validating their service.

 5 AEC is an incorporated non-profit 501(c) (12) electricity (member-owned)
cooperative. According to the AEC website
(http://www.anzaelectric.org/content/about-us), AEC provides power to 3900
homes, schools, businesses and 20 irrigation loads.

 Resolution T-17503 DRAFT 12/17/2015

 CD/WG1

 4

 network on its existing poles and rights of way and establish a network of
sufficient capacity to establish high speed, quality Internet service for
customers in AEC's electrical service territory. Anza also proposes to serve
approximately 170 transient residences (trailer homes) using a fixed wireless
installation6.

 AEC requested a CASF grant of $2,662,450.81, which is 60 percent of the total
project costs ($4,437,418.02), with matching AEC funding of $1,774,967. If this
project is approved, the project will reach an estimated 3,751 households,7 with
all customers capable of achieving speeds of at least 50 Mbps on both downloads
and uploads which is above the Commission-defined &ldquo;served&rdquo; threshold
of 6 Mbps download/1.5 Mbps upload.

 The Connect Anza project will directly benefit the Cahuilla band of Indians
whose reservation in within the project area. The reservation contains an
estimated8 70 households as well as the Cahuilla Creek Casino and tribal
buildings.

 B. Project Qualification

 To qualify for the CASF program, an applicant is required to submit proof that
the area is unserved or underserved by submitting shapefiles of the proposed
project. CD reviews the submitted shapefiles and compares them with United
States 2010 Census data and the California Interactive Broadband Availability
map.9 Once CD determines that the area is eligible either as an unserved or
underserved area, CD evaluates all other information the applicant has submitted
to determine if the project meets the requirements outlined in D.12-02-015. CD
reviews other information including: descriptions of current and proposed
broadband infrastructure; number of potential subscriber households and average
income; project construction schedule; project budget; proposed pricing and
commitment period for new subscribers; and financial viability of the applicant.


 As an initial step in the review of AEC's application, CD reviewed the CBGs
submitted in the project application and determined that the project was indeed
not served at adequate speeds via wireline or fixed wireless providers. With
regard to mobile service,

 6 The number of trailer homes served and the information that the residents who
live in the trailer homes are transient was stated by the applicant.

 7 The total number of households as recorded in the US 2010 census for census
block group areas to be served by the proposed project.

 8 Total number of households on the Cahuilla Reservation estimated by the
applicant.

 9 Here, CD consulted the latest version of the California Interactive Broadband
Availability Map, with data current as of June 30, 2014.

 Resolution T-17503 DRAFT 12/17/2015

 CD/WG1

 5

 however, the California Interactive Broadband Availability Map indicates that
55% of the proposed project area may be served by Verizon and/or AT&T Mobility
wireless service10. The applicant disputed that the area is served by providing
mobile field tests using the CalSPEED app.11

 The applicant provided 43 CalSPEED tests conducted on July 3, 2015 (see
Appendix D for a list of speed test results). All of the test results showed
unserved or underserved speeds within the project area. This finding, when
combined with the fact that there were no challenges to the project, led staff
to recommend that the area be considered underserved by mobile broadband.

 C. Project Evaluation and Recommendation for Funding

 CD evaluated AEC's application with respect to the scoring criteria defined in
D.12-02-015, Appendix 1, Section VIII (Scoring Criteria). The scoring criteria
includes: (i) Funds Requested per Potential Customer; (ii) Speed, (iii)
Financial Viability; (iv) Pricing; (v) Total Number of Households in the
Proposed Area; (vi) Timeliness of Completion of Project; (vii) Guaranteed
Pricing Period; and (viii) Low-Income Areas. Five bonus points are also added to
an applicant's score if local government and community endorsements or letters
of support are submitted. CD also conducted qualitative evaluation of the
project area, existing infrastructure, and community needs.

 The Community. The unincorporated communities of Anza, Aguanga, Lake Riverside
Estates and Reed Valley are located in the high desert southwest of the San
Jacinto Mountains. Anza Valley is located in the high desert southwest of the
San Jacinto Mountains. Coachella Valley (which includes the city of Palm
Springs) lies on the east side of the San Jacinto Mountains. Los Angeles is
approximately 120 miles northwest and San Diego is approximately 75 miles to the
southwest of the proposed project area. The project area is just north of the
San Diego County border in southwestern Riverside County.

 The communities within the project boundary have approximately 3,751 households
with a total population of 9,701 (using 2010 US Census data). For the Census
Designated Place (CDP) of Anza (population 3,040 as reported in the 2010 US
Census), 8.3 percent of the population is 18 years of age or younger, 66 percent
is between the

 10 Mobile broadband coverage is based on either the advertised maximum mobile
provider speed or the speed interpolated from CPUC mobile speed testing points
(using the mean - 1 standard deviation of all speed readings for that point),
whichever is least.

 11 CalSPEED is the Commission's mobile application that is used to test mobile
broadband speeds.

 Resolution T-17503 DRAFT 12/17/2015

 CD/WG1

 6

 ages of 18 and 62, and 26 percent is 62 years and above. The smaller CDP of
Aguanga (population 1,128 per the 2010 Census) had an even higher percentage of
the population 62 years and older (41 percent). The applicant noted that there
is large number of retired people in the community. The Cahuilla Indian
Reservation is within the project area.

 Based on the information provided in AEC's application, local economic activity
is minimal and a large percentage of the working population commutes out of the
area. Referring to the census data for Anza CDP, 65 percent of the working
population's commute time is 30 minutes or more, with the mean travel time to
work at 41 minutes. The US 2010 Census reported the median household income
(MHI) (per census block data) is $48,038 which is 79 percent of the state MHI
average. However, the poverty rate for Anza CDP is reported at 11.5 percent
which is below the state average (15.9 percent).

 The Connect Anza project area includes two public schools; the Hamilton High
School and the Hamilton Elementary School. According to the California
Department of Education, total enrollment at Hamilton High School is 326 and at
the Elementary School it is 445. The proposed project area also includes a small
K-12 Christian school and a private religious university (Olivet University)
whose current enrollment is 120 students and a projected enrollment of 2,000.
There is also a public library, two fire stations and large California
Department of Corrections and Rehabilitation Conservation (Fire) Camp (with a
maximum capacity of 120 inmates).

 The Connect Anza project will increase Internet capacity and enable local
students to take advantage of open-sourced educational materials, thus helping
the area bridge the digital divide. The local public schools already have a
fiber connection through the CENIC12 network. However, the schools have
expressed support for this project due to the opportunities provided to the
students. A robust internet connection will allow students to utilize online
teaching materials and techniques which they cannot currently access and use at
home. Students and parents will be able to utilize online services to organize
class assignments, check grades and communicate with teachers. Given the rural
nature of the community and the substantial distances between schools and
residences, reliable broadband access will allow students to learn at home
without the need to travel to the school. Additionally free Internet access will
be available at the local library and community hall.13

 12 See the CENIC website for a description of their network
(http://cenic.org/about/about-overview).

 13 AEC has committed to providing free Internet access for the community hall
and community park.

 Resolution T-17503 DRAFT 12/17/2015

 CD/WG1

 7

 Olivet University is a religious institution located in the project area.
Olivet University has stated to the applicant that they will leverage the Anza
project fiber network to enable online access and education at the university, a
service that is not currently available.

 CD has received 70 letters of support for the Connect Anza project. CD's review
of the letters of support revealed numerous complaints about the poor quality of
Internet service in the area as well as the lack of broadband choices. Another
theme portrayed in the letters of support for this CASF proposed project was
AEC's dependability for affordable and reliable energy utility service,
including the community's overarching confidence in AEC.

 Further, the Inland Empire Regional Broadband Consortium recommended the
communities of Anza and Aguanga as priority areas for CASF funding and fully
supports the proposed project. They noted how vital this project is to the
area's long term viability given the needs and opportunities that this project
will address related to telemedicine, education, economic development, fire and
police communications as well as benefiting the Cahuilla Native American tribes.
The project is also supported by elected officials at the local, state and
federal level.

 Pricing and Affordability. AEC has committed to a broadband pricing plan under
the terms shown below, for four years starting from the beginning date of
service. There is no long-term commitment required by the consumer.

 Service Type

 Broadband Speed

 (in Mbps)

 Monthly Charge: Standalone Broadband

 Monthly Charge:

 Bundled with Voice

 Residential

 50 down / 50 up

 $49.99

 $69.99

 Small Business

 100 down / 50 up

 $109.99

 $144.99

 Commercial

 500 down / 500 up

 $2,000.00

 $2,000.00

 Activation and installation (all types): Waived

 Modem charge: No monthly residential or business equipment fee.

 Voice service includes unlimited calling in the United States and to Canada.

 The applicant estimates that about 40 percent of households in the area would
purchase AEC's service because of the area's underserved status. This take
rate14 may actually be

 14 The &ldquo;take rate&rdquo; is the percentage of potential subscribers who
are offered the service that actually do subscribe to the service.

 Resolution T-17503 DRAFT 12/17/2015

 CD/WG1

 8

 higher for a number of reasons. Given that AEC is the long-standing local
utility for electrical service, area residents are familiar with the AEC. AEC is
member-owned and the members voted to change the company's by-laws for the
purpose of providing this service. Given the large percentage of residents who
commute out of the area, robust broadband access would provide an opportunity
for telecommuting.

 The Applicant. AEC is a not-for-profit business with six decades of experience
providing affordable and reliable energy service. AEC owns and maintains over
10,000 poles and other structures necessary for the installation of the cable,
as well as easements necessary to route the system through. AEC already has a
3-mile segment of fiber installed in the downtown Anza area that provides
Internet service free of charge to the Anza Civic Improvement League, the
Community Center Building and a fire station.15 Based on this information, CD
determined that AEC has relevant experience and infrastructure for successfully
installing and operating a high speed fiber optic network to the premises.

 Financial Viability. AEC determined that the project is economically feasible
with a CASF grant of $2,662,450, which is 60 percent of the total project costs,
to match AEC's investment of $1,774,967.

 CD reviewed submitted balance sheet, income, cash flow statements and other
financial viability variables for AEC and concluded that AEC has the existing
capital resources for the 40 percent required matching funds to construct the
Connect Anza project, as well as a sound financial framework for future
operations. Therefore, staff determined that the risk that this project would
encounter financial problems, such as the project not being completed or
maintained over time, is minimal.

 Key Characteristics. CD found that the Connect Anza Project meets CASF funding
requirements with respect to the following factors:

 [#xf0b7] Speed - the proposed speed offering of 50 Mbps download and 50 Mbps
upload (for residential customers) significantly exceeds the 6/1.5 benchmark set
by the Commission;

 [#xf0b7] Service area - is determined to be underserved and covers 213 square
miles;

 [#xf0b7] Matching Funds(40 percent of project cost) - the applicant will use
existing capital; the submitted balance sheet, income and cash flow statements
show that the applicant is financially viable and has the financial capability
to match the funds;

 15 The Connect Anza broadband project would continue to provide complementary
broadband to these organizations and to the other fire stations in the area.

 Resolution T-17503 DRAFT 12/17/2015

 CD/WG1

 9

 [#xf0b7] Price Commitment Period - the applicant has committed to a pricing
plan of four years, which is two years more than required;

 [#xf0b7] Deployment Schedule - the applicant has submitted detailed planning
documents, including a schedule with clear milestones to indicate that it will
be completed within the required 24-month construction timeline;

 [#xf0b7] Number of Households - This project will potentially reach 3,751
households;

 [#xf0b7] Low Income - The median household income ($48,038) is 79 percent of
the State's median value.

 This project is economical and provides a wide benefit. The CASF per-household
subsidy is $710 per household (based on 3,751 households that will have access).
This state subsidy, when compared to previous subsidies provided through the
CASF program for fiber projects, is low.16 The number of households that Anza
proposes to pass would be the fourth largest CASF last-mile project in terms of
households served and the area served in terms of square miles would be the
highest for all approved CASF last-mile projects.

 Based on its review, CD determined that AEC's grant application for the Connect
Anza Project qualifies for funding as an underserved area and meets the
requirements of D.12-02-015. CD staff further finds that funding the Connect
Anza Project aligns with CASF's goal to encourage the deployment of high-quality
advanced information and communications technologies to all Californians to
promote economic growth, job creation, and substantial social benefits.

 D. Safety Considerations

 The CASF program encourages the deployment of broadband throughout the State
which can enable the public to access important information in the event of an
emergency, access to emergency services, and allow first responders to
communicate with each other and collaborate during emergencies. As the
Governor's Broadband Task Force stated in its 2007 report, ubiquitous broadband
will play a key role in enhancing public safety operations and applications in
law enforcement, disaster relief, traffic management, and virtually every other
aspect of public safety.

 The census-designated communities of Anza and Aguanga and the communities of
Lake Riverside Estates, and Reed Valley have no local medical clinics. The
nearest facilities are located either in Hemet or Murrieta, both of which are
50-plus minutes by

 16 In reference of the cost of fiber projects funded through the CASF grant
program, the subsidy provided to the Connect Anza project when compared to the
per household subsidy for the other funded fiber projects, is18 percent of the
median and 8 percent of the mean cost per household.

 Resolution T-17503 DRAFT 12/17/2015

 CD/WG1

 10

 car on windy 2-lane roads. Telephone and broadband allows access to these
facilities and providers and can be a critical factor in health and safety
emergencies.

 Additionally, voice service provided as a part of this project would meet all
safety standards, including battery backup, E911 data and access to local PSAPs.


 V. Compliance Requirements

 AEC is required to comply with all the guidelines, requirements, and conditions
associated with the grant of CASF funds as specified in D.12-02-015. Such
compliance includes, but is not limited to:

 A. California Environmental Quality Act (CEQA)

 All CASF grants are subject to CEQA requirements. The Commission must complete
environmental review before funding construction projects, unless the projects
are statutorily or categorically exempt pursuant to the CEQA Guidelines.

 AEC has provided the Commission with their plan to use existing infrastructure
for the installation of a fiber-to-the-premises (FTTP) system in their service
area. Existing electrical infrastructure (with over 700 miles of line and
associated poles) provides power to area residents and businesses. AEC has been
providing power to the area since 1955 and owns most of the existing towers,
buildings, conduits, ducts, rights-of-way, trenches and other facilities (some
poles are owned by Verizon who currently provides telephone service for the
area). AEC will construct its fiber backbone using these existing facilities.
AEC will likewise construct last mile segments in or on existing facilities,
including replacement utility poles (when necessary to meet applicable
engineering and safety standards). AEC anticipates that the only underground
construction that may be required is for short utility extensions. In these
limited instances, AEC may engage in relatively minor ground-disturbing
activities primarily in existing, well-used rights-of-ways and utility easements
in its electric service territory.

 Based on the above information the project qualifies for the following
categorical exemptions from CEQA: This project meets the criteria of the CEQA
categorical exemption for existing facilities (CEQA Guidelines &sect; 15301) and
CEQA Guidelines Section &sect; 15303 - New Construction or Conversion of Small
Structures, involving construction, installation, and/or conversion of limited
numbers of new and/or existing facilities/structures.

 Resolution T-17503 DRAFT 12/17/2015

 CD/WG1

 11

 B. Deployment Schedule

 The Commission expects AEC to complete the project within 24 months from start
date (as determined by the procedure below). If the applicant is unable to
complete the proposed project within the 24 month timeframe requirement
established by the Commission, it must notify the Director of CD as soon as AEC
becomes aware of this possibility. If such notice is not provided, the
Commission may reduce payment for failure to satisfy the requirement by timely
notifying CD's Director.

 C. Execution and Performance

 CD and AEC shall determine a project start date after the CASF grant recipient
has obtained all approvals. Should AEC or any Contractor it retains fail to
commence work by the designated date, upon five days written notice to AEC, the
Commission may terminate the grant. In the event that AEC fails to complete the
project in accordance with the terms of CPUC approval as set forth in this
resolution, AEC shall reimburse some or all of the CASF funds that it has
received.

 AEC must complete all construction covered by the grant on or before the
termination date.

 D. Performance Bond

 The Commission does not require a performance bond if the applicant is a
CPCN/WIR holder and if the applicant certifies that the percentage of the total
project costs it is providing comes from their capital budget and is not
obtained from outside financing. In its application, AEC certified that the
percentage of the total project costs will come from its existing capital
budget.

 On July 17, 2015, AEC also filed an application for a CPCN, which is currently
pending before the Commission.

 If the Commission grants the CPCN, a performance bond is not required for this
project. However, in the event that the Commission does not award AEC a CPCN,
AEC must provide evidence of an executed performance bond equal to the total
amount payable under the CASF award at the time of the first payment request.

 Resolution T-17503 DRAFT 12/17/2015

 CD/WG1

 12

 D. Price Commitment Period

 The minimum required price commitment period for broadband service to all
households within the project area is two years. AEC exceeds the minimum period
and guarantees the price of service offered in the project area for four years.

 E. Project Audit

 The Commission has the right to conduct any necessary audit, verification, and
discovery during project implementation/construction to ensure that CASF funds
are spent in accordance with Commission approval.

 The recipient's invoices will be subject to a financial audit by the Commission
at any time within three years of completion of the work.

 F. Providing Voice Service

 The proposed project will allow AEC to provide landline voice service via Voice
over Internet Protocol (VoIP). AEC commits to adhere to all FCC requirements in
regards to E911 service and must provide equipment with battery backup.

 G. Reporting

 All grantees must submit quarterly progress reports on the status of the
project irrespective of whether grantees request reimbursement or payment.
Before full payment of the project, AEC must submit a project completion report.
Progress reports shall use the schedule for deployment, major construction
milestones and costs submitted in the proposal; indicate the actual date of
completion of each task/milestone as well as problems and issues encountered,
and the actions taken to resolve these problems and issues during project
implementation and construction; and identify future risks to the project.

 Recipients shall also include test results on the download and upload speeds on
a CBG and zip code basis in the final completion report. AEC must certify that
each progress report is true and correct under penalty of perjury.

 H. Submission of Form 477

 The FCC currently requires broadband providers to biannually submit the Form
477, which includes speed data. While there is an imperfect match between the
data that is

 Resolution T-17503 DRAFT 12/17/2015

 CD/WG1

 13

 reported in the Form 477 and to the CASF, the Form 477 data will be useful in
documenting CASF deployment for the service providers new service. Pursuant to
General Order 66-C, service providers in California must submit a copy of their
Form 477 data directly to the CPUC concurrent with their submission of the same
data to the FCC for a five-year period after completion of the project.17

 VI. Compliance Requirements

 Submission of invoices from and payments to AEC shall be made at 25-percent
completion intervals, in accordance with Section XI of Appendix 1 of D.12-02-015
and according to the guidelines and supporting documentation required in
D.12-02-015.

 Payment to AEC shall follow the process adopted for funds created under P. U.
Code &sect;270. Payments are generally processed by the Commission, including CD
and Administrative Services review time, within 20-25 business days. The State
Controller's Office (SCO) requires an additional 14- 21 days to issue payment
from the day that requests are received by SCO from Administrative Services.

 VII. Comments on Draft Resolution

 In compliance with Public Utilities Code &sect; 311(g), a notice letter was
e-mailed on MMM DD, 2015, informing all parties on the CASF Distribution List of
the availability of the draft of this resolution for public comments at the
Commission's website at http://www.cpuc.ca.gov/PUC/documents/. This letter also
informed parties that the final conformed Resolution adopted by the Commission
will be posted and available at this same website.

 VIII. Findings

 1. AEC filed an application for CASF funding for its Connect Anza Project on
July 16, 2015. The proposed project will improve speeds by installing a
fiber-to-the-premise system capable of symmetrical 50 Mbps download/upload
service to upwards of 3,751 households in the unincorporated communities of
Anza, Aguanga, Lake Riverside Estates, and Reed Valley in Western Riverside
County. This system would provide broadband Internet service to an area that is

 17 Approval of the California Advanced Services Fund (CASF) Application
Requirements and Scoring Criteria for Awarding CASF Funds (2008) Cal. P.U.C.
Res. No. T-17143 at 4.

 Resolution T-17503 DRAFT 12/17/2015

 CD/WG1

 14

 currently underserved. The CBGs impacted by the project are 060650444021,
060650444022, 060650444023, 060650444031, 060650444032 and 060650444033.

 2. CD posted the proposed project area map, CBGs and zip codes by county for
the AEC Connect Anza Project on the Commission's CASF webpage under &ldquo;CASF
Application Project Summaries&rdquo; on July 17, 2015. CD received no challenges
to this project.

 3. CD reviewed and analyzed data submitted for the AEC Connect Anza Project's
CASF grant application to determine the project's eligibility for CASF funding.
This data included, but was not limited to: descriptions of current and proposed
broadband infrastructure; geographic information system (GIS) formatted
shapefiles mapping the project areas; assertion that the area is underserved;
number of potential subscriber households and average incomes; project
construction schedule; project budget; proposed pricing and commitment period
for new subscribers; and financial viability of the applicant.

 4. CD reviewed the submitted shapefiles, which mapped the proposed broadband
deployment using United States 2010 Census data and the California Interactive
Broadband Availability Maps, with availability data current as of June 30, 2014.
These maps helped to verify the availability and speed of any broadband service,
where available. The project area was determined to be underserved.

 5. Based on its review, CD determined that the project qualifies for funding
under D. 12-02-015 and recommends Commission approval of CASF funding for AEC's
Connect Anza Project.

 6. AEC is required to comply with all guidelines, requirements, and conditions
associated with the granting of CASF funds as specified in D.12-02-015 and must
submit the FCC Form 477, as specified in T-17143.

 7. The Commission finds CD's recommendation to fund AEC's project, as
summarized in Appendix A, to be reasonable and consistent with Commission orders
and, therefore, adopts such recommendation.

 8. The Commission has determined that the project is categorically exempt from
CEQA review, under Sections 15301, 15303 and 15304 of the CEQA Guidelines
because the project involves minor modifications to existing structures and
facilities and possibly a minor amount of trenching where the surface will be
restored to existing conditions.

 Resolution T-17503 DRAFT 12/17/2015

 CD/WG1

 15

 9. AEC will be required to show evidence of a performance bond at time of first
payment if its CPCN application is not been granted. If the CPCN is granted, AEC
is not required to post a performance bond because 40% of the total project cost
will be financed through AEC's existing capital budget.

 10. A notice letter was e-mailed on November 13, 2015, informing all applicants
filing for CASF funding, parties on the CASF distribution list of the
availability of the draft of this Resolution for public comments at the
Commission's website http://www.cpuc.ca.gov/PUC/documents/. This letter also
informed parties that the final confirmed Resolution adopted by the Commission
will be posted and available at this same website.

 THEREFORE, IT IS ORDERED that:

 1. The Commission shall award $2,662,450 to AEC for the Connect Anza Project as
described herein and summarized in Appendix A of this Resolution.

 2. The program fund payment of $2,662,450 for this project in underserved areas
shall be paid out of the CASF Infrastructure Grant Account in accordance with
the guidelines adopted in D.12-02-015, including compliance with CEQA.

 3. Payments to the CASF recipient shall be in accordance with Section XI of
Appendix 1 of D.12-02-015 and in accordance with the process defined in the
&ldquo;Payments to CASF Recipients&rdquo; section of this Resolution.

 4. The CASF fund recipient, AEC, shall comply with all guidelines, requirements
and conditions associated with the CASF funds award as specified in D.12-02-015
and must submit the FCC Form 477 to the Commission, as specified in Resolution
T-17143.

 Resolution T-17503 DRAFT 12/17/2015

 CD/WG1

 16

 This Resolution is effective today.

 I hereby certify that this Resolution was adopted by the Public Utilities
Commission at its regular meeting on December 17, 2015. The following
Commissioners approved it:

 TIMOTHY J. SULLIVAN

 Executive Director

 Resolution T-17503

 CD/WG1

 APPENDIX

 Resolution T-17503

 CD/WG1

 Appendix A-1

 APPENDIX A

 Resolution T-17503

 Anza Electric Cooperative, Connect Anza Project

 CASF Applicant Key Information Project Name AEC Connect Anza Project

 Project Plan

 Connect Anza will deploy a fiber optic cable on existing poles and rights of
way and establish a network of sufficient capacity to establish high speed,
quality Internet service for Anza Electric Cooperatives (AEC's) existing service
territory located wholly within western Riverside County.

 Project Size (in square miles)

 213

 Download/Upload speed

 50 Mbps / 50 Mbps

 Location

 Riverside County

 Community Names

 The unincorporated communities of Anza, Aguanga, Lake Riverside Estates, and
Reed Valley

 Census Block Groups

 060650444021, 060650444022, 060650444023, 060650444031, 060650444032,
060650444033

 Weighted Median Household Income

 $48,038

 Zip Codes

 92536, 92539, 92544

 Estimated potential subscriber size

 3,751 households

 Applicant expectations

 1,500 households

 Pricing Plan

 Residential Monthly Charge:

 Standalone: $ 49.99/mo

 With Voice: $ 69.99/mo

 Small Business Charge:

 Standard: $109.99/mo

 With Voice: Additional $35 per line

 (no installation or modem fees)

 Deployment Schedule (from Commission approval date)

 24 months

 Proposed Project Budget (Total)

 $4,437,418.02

 Amount of CASF funds requested (60 percent)

 $2,662,450.81

 Applicant funded (40 percent)

 $1,774,967.21

 Resolution T-17503

 CD/WG1

 Appendix B-1

 Appendix B

 Resolution T-17503 AEC Connect Anza

 Project location map

 Resolution T-17503

 CD/WG1

 Appendix C-1

 Appendix C

 Resolution T-17503 AEC Connect Anza

 Existing broadband download speeds

 Resolution T-17503

 CD/WG1

 Appendix C-1

 Appendix D - Applicant Provided Mobile Speed Tests

 Resolution T-17503

 CD/WG1

 Appendix A-1

 Resolution T-17503

 CD/WG1

 Appendix A-1

 Resolution T-17503

 CD/WG1

 Appendix A-1



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: December 4, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              570 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           December 3, 2015 Thursday

California Public Utilities Commission notice; The Communications Division has
prepared Resolution T-17503 for the December 17, 2015, Commission Meeting.

LENGTH: 6273 words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Sacramento: California Public Utilities Commission has issued the following
notice:



 Resolution T-17503 DRAFT Agenda ID# 14468

 CD/WG1

 154995389

 PUBLIC UTILITIES COMMISSION OF THE STATE OF CALIFORNIA

 Communications Division

 RESOLUTION T-17503

 Broadband, Policy and Analysis Branch

 DATE December 17, 2015

 R E S O L U T I O N

 Resolution T-17503: Approval of funding for the grant application of Anza
Electric Cooperative, Inc. from the California Advanced Services Fund (CASF) in
the amount of $2,662,450 for the Connect Anza Project, located in a CASF
&ldquo;priority area.&rdquo;



 __________________________________________________________________

 I. Summary

 This Resolution approves funding in the amount of $2,662,450 from the
California Advanced Service Fund (CASF) in response to the grant application
from Anza Electric Cooperative, Inc. (AEC) which proposes to install a
fiber-to-the-premises (FTTP) system in the unincorporated communities of Anza,
Aguanga, Lake Riverside Estates, and Reed Valley in Western Riverside County (
Connect Anza Project). The Connect Anza Project will extend 50 Mbps and above
broadband service to approximately 3,751 households spread over 213 square miles
in the Anza Valley at a cost of $710 per household in CASF subsidies. The Anza
Valley is located 13 miles south of Idyllwild, approximately 35 miles southwest
of Palm Springs and 120 miles southeast of Los Angeles. The Connect Anza project
will also provide substantial safety and health benefits including, but not
limited to, resilient high capacity broadband infrastructure that will provide
access to e-health services and voice service that will meet all safety
standards, including E911.

 II. Background

 On December 20, 2007, the California Public Utilities Commission, in Decision
(D.) 07-12-054, established the CASF program as a two-year program to provide
funds for the

 Resolution T-17503 DRAFT 12/17/2015

 CD/WG1

 2

 deployment of broadband infrastructure in unserved and underserved areas in
California.

 On September 25, 2010, Governor Schwarzenegger signed Senate Bill (SB) 1040,1
which codified the CASF program and expanded it to include three accounts: (1)
the Infra-structure Grant Account, (2) the Consortia Grant Account, and (3) the
Revolving Loan Account. The latter two accounts are intended to address the
needs that were unmet under the original CASF program. SB 1040 also expanded the
CASF fund from $100 million to $225 million, adding $100 million to the
Infrastructure Grant Account and allocating $10 million and $15 million to the
Consortia Grant Account and the Revolving Loan Account, respectively.2

 On February 1, 2012, the Commission approved D.12-02-015 to implement new
guidelines for the Infrastructure Grant and Revolving Loan Accounts. Key
provisions of the decision include:

 [#xf0b7] A maximum CASF grant award of 70 percent of project costs for unserved
areas and 60 percent for underserved areas; and,

 [#xf0b7] A definition of an underserved area, &ldquo;where broadband is
available, but no wireline or wireless facilities-based provider offers service
at advertised speeds of at least 6 megabits per second (Mbps) downstream and 1.5
Mbps upstream (6 Mbps /1.5 Mbps).&rdquo;

 Subsequently, on June 26, 2014, the Commission approved Resolution T-17443,
which (relevant to this resolution) opened the CASF Broadband Infrastructure
Grant Account to new applications as of December 1, 2014, and offered existing
providers a &ldquo;right of first refusal&rdquo; to upgrade service in unserved
and underserved areas.3

 On July 16, 2015, AEC submitted an application for CASF funding to bring
symmetrical 50 Mbps and above broadband service to the homes and businesses of
the unincorporated communities of Anza, Aguanga, Lake Riverside Estates, and
Reed Valley via a FTTP connection. No existing provider made a commitment to
upgrade service before the November 1, 2014, &ldquo;first refusal&rdquo;
deadline. Because of this, CD

 1 Stats. 2010, c. 317, codified at Public Utilities (P.U.) Code &sect; 281

 2 P.U. Code &sect; 281(b)(1).

 3 The Commission later issued D.14-02-018 to implement provisions in Senate
Bill 740 (Padilla, Stats 2013, Chapter 522), which amended P.U. Code &sect; 281
and expanded eligibility for CASF Infrastructure Grants/Loans to non-telephone
corporations.

 Resolution T-17503 DRAFT 12/17/2015

 CD/WG1

 3

 determined the proposed project area to be &ldquo;underserved&rdquo; and
eligible for new applications.

 On September 17, 2015, Anza modified their application. The initial application
proposed to serve a 319 square mile area which includes the California State
Route 74 'Pines to Palms' state scenic highway. Given that a categorical CEQA
exemption cannot be granted for above-ground fiber projects along scenic
highways, Anza modified their application to exclude the Highway 74 corridor.
This modification reduced the total project area to 213 square miles. The
applicant estimates a 10 percent reduction in the number of households to be
served (an estimated 375 households) given the 106 mile modification.

 III. Notice/Protests

 On July 17, 2015, CD posted the proposed project area map, census block groups
(CBGs) and zip codes for the Connect Anza Project on the Commission's CASF
webpage under &ldquo;CASF Application Project Summaries&rdquo; and also sent
notice regarding the project to its electronic service list. CD did not receive
any challenges to the proposed project.4

 IV. Discussion

 This Resolution adopts CD's recommended award of $2,662,450 in a CASF grant for
the Connect Anza Project. This award represents 60 percent of the applicant's
estimated total project cost of $4,437,418. Key project information and maps are
shown in Appendix A.

 A. Applicant and Project Overview

 AEC5 currently owns and distributes electricity using over 700 miles of line in
Southwest Riverside County covering the areas of Anza, Garner Valley, Pinyon,
Alpine Village, Royal Carrizo and parts of Aguanga. AEC proposes to deploy a
fiber optic

 4 CD received an email after the challenge period from an individual who has a
small fixed wireless and satellite reseller business in Anza, CA. He did not
challenge the project but, instead, expressed opposition to the fixed wireless
portion of the project, noting the presence of the two small local wireless
providers (MtPalomar.net and Wireless Internet Pro) who do advertise up to
served speeds in some locations. The two providers do not provide data to the
Commission and staff has no way of validating their service.

 5 AEC is an incorporated non-profit 501(c) (12) electricity (member-owned)
cooperative. According to the AEC website
(http://www.anzaelectric.org/content/about-us), AEC provides power to 3900
homes, schools, businesses and 20 irrigation loads.

 Resolution T-17503 DRAFT 12/17/2015

 CD/WG1

 4

 network on its existing poles and rights of way and establish a network of
sufficient capacity to establish high speed, quality Internet service for
customers in AEC's electrical service territory. Anza also proposes to serve
approximately 170 transient residences (trailer homes) using a fixed wireless
installation6.

 AEC requested a CASF grant of $2,662,450.81, which is 60 percent of the total
project costs ($4,437,418.02), with matching AEC funding of $1,774,967. If this
project is approved, the project will reach an estimated 3,751 households,7 with
all customers capable of achieving speeds of at least 50 Mbps on both downloads
and uploads which is above the Commission-defined &ldquo;served&rdquo; threshold
of 6 Mbps download/1.5 Mbps upload.

 The Connect Anza project will directly benefit the Cahuilla band of Indians
whose reservation in within the project area. The reservation contains an
estimated8 70 households as well as the Cahuilla Creek Casino and tribal
buildings.

 B. Project Qualification

 To qualify for the CASF program, an applicant is required to submit proof that
the area is unserved or underserved by submitting shapefiles of the proposed
project. CD reviews the submitted shapefiles and compares them with United
States 2010 Census data and the California Interactive Broadband Availability
map.9 Once CD determines that the area is eligible either as an unserved or
underserved area, CD evaluates all other information the applicant has submitted
to determine if the project meets the requirements outlined in D.12-02-015. CD
reviews other information including: descriptions of current and proposed
broadband infrastructure; number of potential subscriber households and average
income; project construction schedule; project budget; proposed pricing and
commitment period for new subscribers; and financial viability of the applicant.


 As an initial step in the review of AEC's application, CD reviewed the CBGs
submitted in the project application and determined that the project was indeed
not served at adequate speeds via wireline or fixed wireless providers. With
regard to mobile service,

 6 The number of trailer homes served and the information that the residents who
live in the trailer homes are transient was stated by the applicant.

 7 The total number of households as recorded in the US 2010 census for census
block group areas to be served by the proposed project.

 8 Total number of households on the Cahuilla Reservation estimated by the
applicant.

 9 Here, CD consulted the latest version of the California Interactive Broadband
Availability Map, with data current as of June 30, 2014.

 Resolution T-17503 DRAFT 12/17/2015

 CD/WG1

 5

 however, the California Interactive Broadband Availability Map indicates that
55% of the proposed project area may be served by Verizon and/or AT&T Mobility
wireless service10. The applicant disputed that the area is served by providing
mobile field tests using the CalSPEED app.11

 The applicant provided 43 CalSPEED tests conducted on July 3, 2015 (see
Appendix D for a list of speed test results). All of the test results showed
unserved or underserved speeds within the project area. This finding, when
combined with the fact that there were no challenges to the project, led staff
to recommend that the area be considered underserved by mobile broadband.

 C. Project Evaluation and Recommendation for Funding

 CD evaluated AEC's application with respect to the scoring criteria defined in
D.12-02-015, Appendix 1, Section VIII (Scoring Criteria). The scoring criteria
includes: (i) Funds Requested per Potential Customer; (ii) Speed, (iii)
Financial Viability; (iv) Pricing; (v) Total Number of Households in the
Proposed Area; (vi) Timeliness of Completion of Project; (vii) Guaranteed
Pricing Period; and (viii) Low-Income Areas. Five bonus points are also added to
an applicant's score if local government and community endorsements or letters
of support are submitted. CD also conducted qualitative evaluation of the
project area, existing infrastructure, and community needs.

 The Community. The unincorporated communities of Anza, Aguanga, Lake Riverside
Estates and Reed Valley are located in the high desert southwest of the San
Jacinto Mountains. Anza Valley is located in the high desert southwest of the
San Jacinto Mountains. Coachella Valley (which includes the city of Palm
Springs) lies on the east side of the San Jacinto Mountains. Los Angeles is
approximately 120 miles northwest and San Diego is approximately 75 miles to the
southwest of the proposed project area. The project area is just north of the
San Diego County border in southwestern Riverside County.

 The communities within the project boundary have approximately 3,751 households
with a total population of 9,701 (using 2010 US Census data). For the Census
Designated Place (CDP) of Anza (population 3,040 as reported in the 2010 US
Census), 8.3 percent of the population is 18 years of age or younger, 66 percent
is between the

 10 Mobile broadband coverage is based on either the advertised maximum mobile
provider speed or the speed interpolated from CPUC mobile speed testing points
(using the mean - 1 standard deviation of all speed readings for that point),
whichever is least.

 11 CalSPEED is the Commission's mobile application that is used to test mobile
broadband speeds.

 Resolution T-17503 DRAFT 12/17/2015

 CD/WG1

 6

 ages of 18 and 62, and 26 percent is 62 years and above. The smaller CDP of
Aguanga (population 1,128 per the 2010 Census) had an even higher percentage of
the population 62 years and older (41 percent). The applicant noted that there
is large number of retired people in the community. The Cahuilla Indian
Reservation is within the project area.

 Based on the information provided in AEC's application, local economic activity
is minimal and a large percentage of the working population commutes out of the
area. Referring to the census data for Anza CDP, 65 percent of the working
population's commute time is 30 minutes or more, with the mean travel time to
work at 41 minutes. The US 2010 Census reported the median household income
(MHI) (per census block data) is $48,038 which is 79 percent of the state MHI
average. However, the poverty rate for Anza CDP is reported at 11.5 percent
which is below the state average (15.9 percent).

 The Connect Anza project area includes two public schools; the Hamilton High
School and the Hamilton Elementary School. According to the California
Department of Education, total enrollment at Hamilton High School is 326 and at
the Elementary School it is 445. The proposed project area also includes a small
K-12 Christian school and a private religious university (Olivet University)
whose current enrollment is 120 students and a projected enrollment of 2,000.
There is also a public library, two fire stations and large California
Department of Corrections and Rehabilitation Conservation (Fire) Camp (with a
maximum capacity of 120 inmates).

 The Connect Anza project will increase Internet capacity and enable local
students to take advantage of open-sourced educational materials, thus helping
the area bridge the digital divide. The local public schools already have a
fiber connection through the CENIC12 network. However, the schools have
expressed support for this project due to the opportunities provided to the
students. A robust internet connection will allow students to utilize online
teaching materials and techniques which they cannot currently access and use at
home. Students and parents will be able to utilize online services to organize
class assignments, check grades and communicate with teachers. Given the rural
nature of the community and the substantial distances between schools and
residences, reliable broadband access will allow students to learn at home
without the need to travel to the school. Additionally free Internet access will
be available at the local library and community hall.13

 12 See the CENIC website for a description of their network
(http://cenic.org/about/about-overview).

 13 AEC has committed to providing free Internet access for the community hall
and community park.

 Resolution T-17503 DRAFT 12/17/2015

 CD/WG1

 7

 Olivet University is a religious institution located in the project area.
Olivet University has stated to the applicant that they will leverage the Anza
project fiber network to enable online access and education at the university, a
service that is not currently available.

 CD has received 70 letters of support for the Connect Anza project. CD's review
of the letters of support revealed numerous complaints about the poor quality of
Internet service in the area as well as the lack of broadband choices. Another
theme portrayed in the letters of support for this CASF proposed project was
AEC's dependability for affordable and reliable energy utility service,
including the community's overarching confidence in AEC.

 Further, the Inland Empire Regional Broadband Consortium recommended the
communities of Anza and Aguanga as priority areas for CASF funding and fully
supports the proposed project. They noted how vital this project is to the
area's long term viability given the needs and opportunities that this project
will address related to telemedicine, education, economic development, fire and
police communications as well as benefiting the Cahuilla Native American tribes.
The project is also supported by elected officials at the local, state and
federal level.

 Pricing and Affordability. AEC has committed to a broadband pricing plan under
the terms shown below, for four years starting from the beginning date of
service. There is no long-term commitment required by the consumer.

 Service Type

 Broadband Speed

 (in Mbps)

 Monthly Charge: Standalone Broadband

 Monthly Charge:

 Bundled with Voice

 Residential

 50 down / 50 up

 $49.99

 $69.99

 Small Business

 100 down / 50 up

 $109.99

 $144.99

 Commercial

 500 down / 500 up

 $2,000.00

 $2,000.00

 Activation and installation (all types): Waived

 Modem charge: No monthly residential or business equipment fee.

 Voice service includes unlimited calling in the United States and to Canada.

 The applicant estimates that about 40 percent of households in the area would
purchase AEC's service because of the area's underserved status. This take
rate14 may actually be

 14 The &ldquo;take rate&rdquo; is the percentage of potential subscribers who
are offered the service that actually do subscribe to the service.

 Resolution T-17503 DRAFT 12/17/2015

 CD/WG1

 8

 higher for a number of reasons. Given that AEC is the long-standing local
utility for electrical service, area residents are familiar with the AEC. AEC is
member-owned and the members voted to change the company's by-laws for the
purpose of providing this service. Given the large percentage of residents who
commute out of the area, robust broadband access would provide an opportunity
for telecommuting.

 The Applicant. AEC is a not-for-profit business with six decades of experience
providing affordable and reliable energy service. AEC owns and maintains over
10,000 poles and other structures necessary for the installation of the cable,
as well as easements necessary to route the system through. AEC already has a
3-mile segment of fiber installed in the downtown Anza area that provides
Internet service free of charge to the Anza Civic Improvement League, the
Community Center Building and a fire station.15 Based on this information, CD
determined that AEC has relevant experience and infrastructure for successfully
installing and operating a high speed fiber optic network to the premises.

 Financial Viability. AEC determined that the project is economically feasible
with a CASF grant of $2,662,450, which is 60 percent of the total project costs,
to match AEC's investment of $1,774,967.

 CD reviewed submitted balance sheet, income, cash flow statements and other
financial viability variables for AEC and concluded that AEC has the existing
capital resources for the 40 percent required matching funds to construct the
Connect Anza project, as well as a sound financial framework for future
operations. Therefore, staff determined that the risk that this project would
encounter financial problems, such as the project not being completed or
maintained over time, is minimal.

 Key Characteristics. CD found that the Connect Anza Project meets CASF funding
requirements with respect to the following factors:

 [#xf0b7] Speed - the proposed speed offering of 50 Mbps download and 50 Mbps
upload (for residential customers) significantly exceeds the 6/1.5 benchmark set
by the Commission;

 [#xf0b7] Service area - is determined to be underserved and covers 213 square
miles;

 [#xf0b7] Matching Funds(40 percent of project cost) - the applicant will use
existing capital; the submitted balance sheet, income and cash flow statements
show that the applicant is financially viable and has the financial capability
to match the funds;

 15 The Connect Anza broadband project would continue to provide complementary
broadband to these organizations and to the other fire stations in the area.

 Resolution T-17503 DRAFT 12/17/2015

 CD/WG1

 9

 [#xf0b7] Price Commitment Period - the applicant has committed to a pricing
plan of four years, which is two years more than required;

 [#xf0b7] Deployment Schedule - the applicant has submitted detailed planning
documents, including a schedule with clear milestones to indicate that it will
be completed within the required 24-month construction timeline;

 [#xf0b7] Number of Households - This project will potentially reach 3,751
households;

 [#xf0b7] Low Income - The median household income ($48,038) is 79 percent of
the State's median value.

 This project is economical and provides a wide benefit. The CASF per-household
subsidy is $710 per household (based on 3,751 households that will have access).
This state subsidy, when compared to previous subsidies provided through the
CASF program for fiber projects, is low.16 The number of households that Anza
proposes to pass would be the fourth largest CASF last-mile project in terms of
households served and the area served in terms of square miles would be the
highest for all approved CASF last-mile projects.

 Based on its review, CD determined that AEC's grant application for the Connect
Anza Project qualifies for funding as an underserved area and meets the
requirements of D.12-02-015. CD staff further finds that funding the Connect
Anza Project aligns with CASF's goal to encourage the deployment of high-quality
advanced information and communications technologies to all Californians to
promote economic growth, job creation, and substantial social benefits.

 D. Safety Considerations

 The CASF program encourages the deployment of broadband throughout the State
which can enable the public to access important information in the event of an
emergency, access to emergency services, and allow first responders to
communicate with each other and collaborate during emergencies. As the
Governor's Broadband Task Force stated in its 2007 report, ubiquitous broadband
will play a key role in enhancing public safety operations and applications in
law enforcement, disaster relief, traffic management, and virtually every other
aspect of public safety.

 The census-designated communities of Anza and Aguanga and the communities of
Lake Riverside Estates, and Reed Valley have no local medical clinics. The
nearest facilities are located either in Hemet or Murrieta, both of which are
50-plus minutes by

 16 In reference of the cost of fiber projects funded through the CASF grant
program, the subsidy provided to the Connect Anza project when compared to the
per household subsidy for the other funded fiber projects, is18 percent of the
median and 8 percent of the mean cost per household.

 Resolution T-17503 DRAFT 12/17/2015

 CD/WG1

 10

 car on windy 2-lane roads. Telephone and broadband allows access to these
facilities and providers and can be a critical factor in health and safety
emergencies.

 Additionally, voice service provided as a part of this project would meet all
safety standards, including battery backup, E911 data and access to local PSAPs.


 V. Compliance Requirements

 AEC is required to comply with all the guidelines, requirements, and conditions
associated with the grant of CASF funds as specified in D.12-02-015. Such
compliance includes, but is not limited to:

 A. California Environmental Quality Act (CEQA)

 All CASF grants are subject to CEQA requirements. The Commission must complete
environmental review before funding construction projects, unless the projects
are statutorily or categorically exempt pursuant to the CEQA Guidelines.

 AEC has provided the Commission with their plan to use existing infrastructure
for the installation of a fiber-to-the-premises (FTTP) system in their service
area. Existing electrical infrastructure (with over 700 miles of line and
associated poles) provides power to area residents and businesses. AEC has been
providing power to the area since 1955 and owns most of the existing towers,
buildings, conduits, ducts, rights-of-way, trenches and other facilities (some
poles are owned by Verizon who currently provides telephone service for the
area). AEC will construct its fiber backbone using these existing facilities.
AEC will likewise construct last mile segments in or on existing facilities,
including replacement utility poles (when necessary to meet applicable
engineering and safety standards). AEC anticipates that the only underground
construction that may be required is for short utility extensions. In these
limited instances, AEC may engage in relatively minor ground-disturbing
activities primarily in existing, well-used rights-of-ways and utility easements
in its electric service territory.

 Based on the above information the project qualifies for the following
categorical exemptions from CEQA: This project meets the criteria of the CEQA
categorical exemption for existing facilities (CEQA Guidelines &sect; 15301) and
CEQA Guidelines Section &sect; 15303 - New Construction or Conversion of Small
Structures, involving construction, installation, and/or conversion of limited
numbers of new and/or existing facilities/structures.

 Resolution T-17503 DRAFT 12/17/2015

 CD/WG1

 11

 B. Deployment Schedule

 The Commission expects AEC to complete the project within 24 months from start
date (as determined by the procedure below). If the applicant is unable to
complete the proposed project within the 24 month timeframe requirement
established by the Commission, it must notify the Director of CD as soon as AEC
becomes aware of this possibility. If such notice is not provided, the
Commission may reduce payment for failure to satisfy the requirement by timely
notifying CD's Director.

 C. Execution and Performance

 CD and AEC shall determine a project start date after the CASF grant recipient
has obtained all approvals. Should AEC or any Contractor it retains fail to
commence work by the designated date, upon five days written notice to AEC, the
Commission may terminate the grant. In the event that AEC fails to complete the
project in accordance with the terms of CPUC approval as set forth in this
resolution, AEC shall reimburse some or all of the CASF funds that it has
received.

 AEC must complete all construction covered by the grant on or before the
termination date.

 D. Performance Bond

 The Commission does not require a performance bond if the applicant is a
CPCN/WIR holder and if the applicant certifies that the percentage of the total
project costs it is providing comes from their capital budget and is not
obtained from outside financing. In its application, AEC certified that the
percentage of the total project costs will come from its existing capital
budget.

 On July 17, 2015, AEC also filed an application for a CPCN, which is currently
pending before the Commission.

 If the Commission grants the CPCN, a performance bond is not required for this
project. However, in the event that the Commission does not award AEC a CPCN,
AEC must provide evidence of an executed performance bond equal to the total
amount payable under the CASF award at the time of the first payment request.

 Resolution T-17503 DRAFT 12/17/2015

 CD/WG1

 12

 D. Price Commitment Period

 The minimum required price commitment period for broadband service to all
households within the project area is two years. AEC exceeds the minimum period
and guarantees the price of service offered in the project area for four years.

 E. Project Audit

 The Commission has the right to conduct any necessary audit, verification, and
discovery during project implementation/construction to ensure that CASF funds
are spent in accordance with Commission approval.

 The recipient's invoices will be subject to a financial audit by the Commission
at any time within three years of completion of the work.

 F. Providing Voice Service

 The proposed project will allow AEC to provide landline voice service via Voice
over Internet Protocol (VoIP). AEC commits to adhere to all FCC requirements in
regards to E911 service and must provide equipment with battery backup.

 G. Reporting

 All grantees must submit quarterly progress reports on the status of the
project irrespective of whether grantees request reimbursement or payment.
Before full payment of the project, AEC must submit a project completion report.
Progress reports shall use the schedule for deployment, major construction
milestones and costs submitted in the proposal; indicate the actual date of
completion of each task/milestone as well as problems and issues encountered,
and the actions taken to resolve these problems and issues during project
implementation and construction; and identify future risks to the project.

 Recipients shall also include test results on the download and upload speeds on
a CBG and zip code basis in the final completion report. AEC must certify that
each progress report is true and correct under penalty of perjury.

 H. Submission of Form 477

 The FCC currently requires broadband providers to biannually submit the Form
477, which includes speed data. While there is an imperfect match between the
data that is

 Resolution T-17503 DRAFT 12/17/2015

 CD/WG1

 13

 reported in the Form 477 and to the CASF, the Form 477 data will be useful in
documenting CASF deployment for the service providers new service. Pursuant to
General Order 66-C, service providers in California must submit a copy of their
Form 477 data directly to the CPUC concurrent with their submission of the same
data to the FCC for a five-year period after completion of the project.17

 VI. Compliance Requirements

 Submission of invoices from and payments to AEC shall be made at 25-percent
completion intervals, in accordance with Section XI of Appendix 1 of D.12-02-015
and according to the guidelines and supporting documentation required in
D.12-02-015.

 Payment to AEC shall follow the process adopted for funds created under P. U.
Code &sect;270. Payments are generally processed by the Commission, including CD
and Administrative Services review time, within 20-25 business days. The State
Controller's Office (SCO) requires an additional 14- 21 days to issue payment
from the day that requests are received by SCO from Administrative Services.

 VII. Comments on Draft Resolution

 In compliance with Public Utilities Code &sect; 311(g), a notice letter was
e-mailed on MMM DD, 2015, informing all parties on the CASF Distribution List of
the availability of the draft of this resolution for public comments at the
Commission's website at http://www.cpuc.ca.gov/PUC/documents/. This letter also
informed parties that the final conformed Resolution adopted by the Commission
will be posted and available at this same website.

 VIII. Findings

 1. AEC filed an application for CASF funding for its Connect Anza Project on
July 16, 2015. The proposed project will improve speeds by installing a
fiber-to-the-premise system capable of symmetrical 50 Mbps download/upload
service to upwards of 3,751 households in the unincorporated communities of
Anza, Aguanga, Lake Riverside Estates, and Reed Valley in Western Riverside
County. This system would provide broadband Internet service to an area that is

 17 Approval of the California Advanced Services Fund (CASF) Application
Requirements and Scoring Criteria for Awarding CASF Funds (2008) Cal. P.U.C.
Res. No. T-17143 at 4.

 Resolution T-17503 DRAFT 12/17/2015

 CD/WG1

 14

 currently underserved. The CBGs impacted by the project are 060650444021,
060650444022, 060650444023, 060650444031, 060650444032 and 060650444033.

 2. CD posted the proposed project area map, CBGs and zip codes by county for
the AEC Connect Anza Project on the Commission's CASF webpage under &ldquo;CASF
Application Project Summaries&rdquo; on July 17, 2015. CD received no challenges
to this project.

 3. CD reviewed and analyzed data submitted for the AEC Connect Anza Project's
CASF grant application to determine the project's eligibility for CASF funding.
This data included, but was not limited to: descriptions of current and proposed
broadband infrastructure; geographic information system (GIS) formatted
shapefiles mapping the project areas; assertion that the area is underserved;
number of potential subscriber households and average incomes; project
construction schedule; project budget; proposed pricing and commitment period
for new subscribers; and financial viability of the applicant.

 4. CD reviewed the submitted shapefiles, which mapped the proposed broadband
deployment using United States 2010 Census data and the California Interactive
Broadband Availability Maps, with availability data current as of June 30, 2014.
These maps helped to verify the availability and speed of any broadband service,
where available. The project area was determined to be underserved.

 5. Based on its review, CD determined that the project qualifies for funding
under D. 12-02-015 and recommends Commission approval of CASF funding for AEC's
Connect Anza Project.

 6. AEC is required to comply with all guidelines, requirements, and conditions
associated with the granting of CASF funds as specified in D.12-02-015 and must
submit the FCC Form 477, as specified in T-17143.

 7. The Commission finds CD's recommendation to fund AEC's project, as
summarized in Appendix A, to be reasonable and consistent with Commission orders
and, therefore, adopts such recommendation.

 8. The Commission has determined that the project is categorically exempt from
CEQA review, under Sections 15301, 15303 and 15304 of the CEQA Guidelines
because the project involves minor modifications to existing structures and
facilities and possibly a minor amount of trenching where the surface will be
restored to existing conditions.

 Resolution T-17503 DRAFT 12/17/2015

 CD/WG1

 15

 9. AEC will be required to show evidence of a performance bond at time of first
payment if its CPCN application is not been granted. If the CPCN is granted, AEC
is not required to post a performance bond because 40% of the total project cost
will be financed through AEC's existing capital budget.

 10. A notice letter was e-mailed on November 13, 2015, informing all applicants
filing for CASF funding, parties on the CASF distribution list of the
availability of the draft of this Resolution for public comments at the
Commission's website http://www.cpuc.ca.gov/PUC/documents/. This letter also
informed parties that the final confirmed Resolution adopted by the Commission
will be posted and available at this same website.

 THEREFORE, IT IS ORDERED that:

 1. The Commission shall award $2,662,450 to AEC for the Connect Anza Project as
described herein and summarized in Appendix A of this Resolution.

 2. The program fund payment of $2,662,450 for this project in underserved areas
shall be paid out of the CASF Infrastructure Grant Account in accordance with
the guidelines adopted in D.12-02-015, including compliance with CEQA.

 3. Payments to the CASF recipient shall be in accordance with Section XI of
Appendix 1 of D.12-02-015 and in accordance with the process defined in the
&ldquo;Payments to CASF Recipients&rdquo; section of this Resolution.

 4. The CASF fund recipient, AEC, shall comply with all guidelines, requirements
and conditions associated with the CASF funds award as specified in D.12-02-015
and must submit the FCC Form 477 to the Commission, as specified in Resolution
T-17143.

 Resolution T-17503 DRAFT 12/17/2015

 CD/WG1

 16

 This Resolution is effective today.

 I hereby certify that this Resolution was adopted by the Public Utilities
Commission at its regular meeting on December 17, 2015. The following
Commissioners approved it:

 TIMOTHY J. SULLIVAN

 Executive Director

 Resolution T-17503

 CD/WG1

 APPENDIX

 Resolution T-17503

 CD/WG1

 Appendix A-1

 APPENDIX A

 Resolution T-17503

 Anza Electric Cooperative, Connect Anza Project

 CASF Applicant Key Information Project Name AEC Connect Anza Project

 Project Plan

 Connect Anza will deploy a fiber optic cable on existing poles and rights of
way and establish a network of sufficient capacity to establish high speed,
quality Internet service for Anza Electric Cooperatives (AEC's) existing service
territory located wholly within western Riverside County.

 Project Size (in square miles)

 213

 Download/Upload speed

 50 Mbps / 50 Mbps

 Location

 Riverside County

 Community Names

 The unincorporated communities of Anza, Aguanga, Lake Riverside Estates, and
Reed Valley

 Census Block Groups

 060650444021, 060650444022, 060650444023, 060650444031, 060650444032,
060650444033

 Weighted Median Household Income

 $48,038

 Zip Codes

 92536, 92539, 92544

 Estimated potential subscriber size

 3,751 households

 Applicant expectations

 1,500 households

 Pricing Plan

 Residential Monthly Charge:

 Standalone: $ 49.99/mo

 With Voice: $ 69.99/mo

 Small Business Charge:

 Standard: $109.99/mo

 With Voice: Additional $35 per line

 (no installation or modem fees)

 Deployment Schedule (from Commission approval date)

 24 months

 Proposed Project Budget (Total)

 $4,437,418.02

 Amount of CASF funds requested (60 percent)

 $2,662,450.81

 Applicant funded (40 percent)

 $1,774,967.21

 Resolution T-17503

 CD/WG1

 Appendix B-1

 Appendix B

 Resolution T-17503 AEC Connect Anza

 Project location map

 Resolution T-17503

 CD/WG1

 Appendix C-1

 Appendix C

 Resolution T-17503 AEC Connect Anza

 Existing broadband download speeds

 Resolution T-17503

 CD/WG1

 Appendix C-1

 Appendix D - Applicant Provided Mobile Speed Tests

 Resolution T-17503

 CD/WG1

 Appendix A-1

 Resolution T-17503

 CD/WG1

 Appendix A-1

 Resolution T-17503

 CD/WG1

 Appendix A-1



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: December 3, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              571 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           December 2, 2015 Wednesday

California Public Utilities Commission notice; The Communications Division has
prepared Resolution T-17503 for the December 17, 2015, Commission Meeting.

LENGTH: 6273 words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Sacramento: California Public Utilities Commission has issued the following
notice:



 Resolution T-17503 DRAFT Agenda ID# 14468

 CD/WG1

 154995389

 PUBLIC UTILITIES COMMISSION OF THE STATE OF CALIFORNIA

 Communications Division

 RESOLUTION T-17503

 Broadband, Policy and Analysis Branch

 DATE December 17, 2015

 R E S O L U T I O N

 Resolution T-17503: Approval of funding for the grant application of Anza
Electric Cooperative, Inc. from the California Advanced Services Fund (CASF) in
the amount of $2,662,450 for the Connect Anza Project, located in a CASF
&ldquo;priority area.&rdquo;



 __________________________________________________________________

 I. Summary

 This Resolution approves funding in the amount of $2,662,450 from the
California Advanced Service Fund (CASF) in response to the grant application
from Anza Electric Cooperative, Inc. (AEC) which proposes to install a
fiber-to-the-premises (FTTP) system in the unincorporated communities of Anza,
Aguanga, Lake Riverside Estates, and Reed Valley in Western Riverside County (
Connect Anza Project). The Connect Anza Project will extend 50 Mbps and above
broadband service to approximately 3,751 households spread over 213 square miles
in the Anza Valley at a cost of $710 per household in CASF subsidies. The Anza
Valley is located 13 miles south of Idyllwild, approximately 35 miles southwest
of Palm Springs and 120 miles southeast of Los Angeles. The Connect Anza project
will also provide substantial safety and health benefits including, but not
limited to, resilient high capacity broadband infrastructure that will provide
access to e-health services and voice service that will meet all safety
standards, including E911.

 II. Background

 On December 20, 2007, the California Public Utilities Commission, in Decision
(D.) 07-12-054, established the CASF program as a two-year program to provide
funds for the

 Resolution T-17503 DRAFT 12/17/2015

 CD/WG1

 2

 deployment of broadband infrastructure in unserved and underserved areas in
California.

 On September 25, 2010, Governor Schwarzenegger signed Senate Bill (SB) 1040,1
which codified the CASF program and expanded it to include three accounts: (1)
the Infra-structure Grant Account, (2) the Consortia Grant Account, and (3) the
Revolving Loan Account. The latter two accounts are intended to address the
needs that were unmet under the original CASF program. SB 1040 also expanded the
CASF fund from $100 million to $225 million, adding $100 million to the
Infrastructure Grant Account and allocating $10 million and $15 million to the
Consortia Grant Account and the Revolving Loan Account, respectively.2

 On February 1, 2012, the Commission approved D.12-02-015 to implement new
guidelines for the Infrastructure Grant and Revolving Loan Accounts. Key
provisions of the decision include:

 [#xf0b7] A maximum CASF grant award of 70 percent of project costs for unserved
areas and 60 percent for underserved areas; and,

 [#xf0b7] A definition of an underserved area, &ldquo;where broadband is
available, but no wireline or wireless facilities-based provider offers service
at advertised speeds of at least 6 megabits per second (Mbps) downstream and 1.5
Mbps upstream (6 Mbps /1.5 Mbps).&rdquo;

 Subsequently, on June 26, 2014, the Commission approved Resolution T-17443,
which (relevant to this resolution) opened the CASF Broadband Infrastructure
Grant Account to new applications as of December 1, 2014, and offered existing
providers a &ldquo;right of first refusal&rdquo; to upgrade service in unserved
and underserved areas.3

 On July 16, 2015, AEC submitted an application for CASF funding to bring
symmetrical 50 Mbps and above broadband service to the homes and businesses of
the unincorporated communities of Anza, Aguanga, Lake Riverside Estates, and
Reed Valley via a FTTP connection. No existing provider made a commitment to
upgrade service before the November 1, 2014, &ldquo;first refusal&rdquo;
deadline. Because of this, CD

 1 Stats. 2010, c. 317, codified at Public Utilities (P.U.) Code &sect; 281

 2 P.U. Code &sect; 281(b)(1).

 3 The Commission later issued D.14-02-018 to implement provisions in Senate
Bill 740 (Padilla, Stats 2013, Chapter 522), which amended P.U. Code &sect; 281
and expanded eligibility for CASF Infrastructure Grants/Loans to non-telephone
corporations.

 Resolution T-17503 DRAFT 12/17/2015

 CD/WG1

 3

 determined the proposed project area to be &ldquo;underserved&rdquo; and
eligible for new applications.

 On September 17, 2015, Anza modified their application. The initial application
proposed to serve a 319 square mile area which includes the California State
Route 74 'Pines to Palms' state scenic highway. Given that a categorical CEQA
exemption cannot be granted for above-ground fiber projects along scenic
highways, Anza modified their application to exclude the Highway 74 corridor.
This modification reduced the total project area to 213 square miles. The
applicant estimates a 10 percent reduction in the number of households to be
served (an estimated 375 households) given the 106 mile modification.

 III. Notice/Protests

 On July 17, 2015, CD posted the proposed project area map, census block groups
(CBGs) and zip codes for the Connect Anza Project on the Commission's CASF
webpage under &ldquo;CASF Application Project Summaries&rdquo; and also sent
notice regarding the project to its electronic service list. CD did not receive
any challenges to the proposed project.4

 IV. Discussion

 This Resolution adopts CD's recommended award of $2,662,450 in a CASF grant for
the Connect Anza Project. This award represents 60 percent of the applicant's
estimated total project cost of $4,437,418. Key project information and maps are
shown in Appendix A.

 A. Applicant and Project Overview

 AEC5 currently owns and distributes electricity using over 700 miles of line in
Southwest Riverside County covering the areas of Anza, Garner Valley, Pinyon,
Alpine Village, Royal Carrizo and parts of Aguanga. AEC proposes to deploy a
fiber optic

 4 CD received an email after the challenge period from an individual who has a
small fixed wireless and satellite reseller business in Anza, CA. He did not
challenge the project but, instead, expressed opposition to the fixed wireless
portion of the project, noting the presence of the two small local wireless
providers (MtPalomar.net and Wireless Internet Pro) who do advertise up to
served speeds in some locations. The two providers do not provide data to the
Commission and staff has no way of validating their service.

 5 AEC is an incorporated non-profit 501(c) (12) electricity (member-owned)
cooperative. According to the AEC website
(http://www.anzaelectric.org/content/about-us), AEC provides power to 3900
homes, schools, businesses and 20 irrigation loads.

 Resolution T-17503 DRAFT 12/17/2015

 CD/WG1

 4

 network on its existing poles and rights of way and establish a network of
sufficient capacity to establish high speed, quality Internet service for
customers in AEC's electrical service territory. Anza also proposes to serve
approximately 170 transient residences (trailer homes) using a fixed wireless
installation6.

 AEC requested a CASF grant of $2,662,450.81, which is 60 percent of the total
project costs ($4,437,418.02), with matching AEC funding of $1,774,967. If this
project is approved, the project will reach an estimated 3,751 households,7 with
all customers capable of achieving speeds of at least 50 Mbps on both downloads
and uploads which is above the Commission-defined &ldquo;served&rdquo; threshold
of 6 Mbps download/1.5 Mbps upload.

 The Connect Anza project will directly benefit the Cahuilla band of Indians
whose reservation in within the project area. The reservation contains an
estimated8 70 households as well as the Cahuilla Creek Casino and tribal
buildings.

 B. Project Qualification

 To qualify for the CASF program, an applicant is required to submit proof that
the area is unserved or underserved by submitting shapefiles of the proposed
project. CD reviews the submitted shapefiles and compares them with United
States 2010 Census data and the California Interactive Broadband Availability
map.9 Once CD determines that the area is eligible either as an unserved or
underserved area, CD evaluates all other information the applicant has submitted
to determine if the project meets the requirements outlined in D.12-02-015. CD
reviews other information including: descriptions of current and proposed
broadband infrastructure; number of potential subscriber households and average
income; project construction schedule; project budget; proposed pricing and
commitment period for new subscribers; and financial viability of the applicant.


 As an initial step in the review of AEC's application, CD reviewed the CBGs
submitted in the project application and determined that the project was indeed
not served at adequate speeds via wireline or fixed wireless providers. With
regard to mobile service,

 6 The number of trailer homes served and the information that the residents who
live in the trailer homes are transient was stated by the applicant.

 7 The total number of households as recorded in the US 2010 census for census
block group areas to be served by the proposed project.

 8 Total number of households on the Cahuilla Reservation estimated by the
applicant.

 9 Here, CD consulted the latest version of the California Interactive Broadband
Availability Map, with data current as of June 30, 2014.

 Resolution T-17503 DRAFT 12/17/2015

 CD/WG1

 5

 however, the California Interactive Broadband Availability Map indicates that
55% of the proposed project area may be served by Verizon and/or AT&T Mobility
wireless service10. The applicant disputed that the area is served by providing
mobile field tests using the CalSPEED app.11

 The applicant provided 43 CalSPEED tests conducted on July 3, 2015 (see
Appendix D for a list of speed test results). All of the test results showed
unserved or underserved speeds within the project area. This finding, when
combined with the fact that there were no challenges to the project, led staff
to recommend that the area be considered underserved by mobile broadband.

 C. Project Evaluation and Recommendation for Funding

 CD evaluated AEC's application with respect to the scoring criteria defined in
D.12-02-015, Appendix 1, Section VIII (Scoring Criteria). The scoring criteria
includes: (i) Funds Requested per Potential Customer; (ii) Speed, (iii)
Financial Viability; (iv) Pricing; (v) Total Number of Households in the
Proposed Area; (vi) Timeliness of Completion of Project; (vii) Guaranteed
Pricing Period; and (viii) Low-Income Areas. Five bonus points are also added to
an applicant's score if local government and community endorsements or letters
of support are submitted. CD also conducted qualitative evaluation of the
project area, existing infrastructure, and community needs.

 The Community. The unincorporated communities of Anza, Aguanga, Lake Riverside
Estates and Reed Valley are located in the high desert southwest of the San
Jacinto Mountains. Anza Valley is located in the high desert southwest of the
San Jacinto Mountains. Coachella Valley (which includes the city of Palm
Springs) lies on the east side of the San Jacinto Mountains. Los Angeles is
approximately 120 miles northwest and San Diego is approximately 75 miles to the
southwest of the proposed project area. The project area is just north of the
San Diego County border in southwestern Riverside County.

 The communities within the project boundary have approximately 3,751 households
with a total population of 9,701 (using 2010 US Census data). For the Census
Designated Place (CDP) of Anza (population 3,040 as reported in the 2010 US
Census), 8.3 percent of the population is 18 years of age or younger, 66 percent
is between the

 10 Mobile broadband coverage is based on either the advertised maximum mobile
provider speed or the speed interpolated from CPUC mobile speed testing points
(using the mean - 1 standard deviation of all speed readings for that point),
whichever is least.

 11 CalSPEED is the Commission's mobile application that is used to test mobile
broadband speeds.

 Resolution T-17503 DRAFT 12/17/2015

 CD/WG1

 6

 ages of 18 and 62, and 26 percent is 62 years and above. The smaller CDP of
Aguanga (population 1,128 per the 2010 Census) had an even higher percentage of
the population 62 years and older (41 percent). The applicant noted that there
is large number of retired people in the community. The Cahuilla Indian
Reservation is within the project area.

 Based on the information provided in AEC's application, local economic activity
is minimal and a large percentage of the working population commutes out of the
area. Referring to the census data for Anza CDP, 65 percent of the working
population's commute time is 30 minutes or more, with the mean travel time to
work at 41 minutes. The US 2010 Census reported the median household income
(MHI) (per census block data) is $48,038 which is 79 percent of the state MHI
average. However, the poverty rate for Anza CDP is reported at 11.5 percent
which is below the state average (15.9 percent).

 The Connect Anza project area includes two public schools; the Hamilton High
School and the Hamilton Elementary School. According to the California
Department of Education, total enrollment at Hamilton High School is 326 and at
the Elementary School it is 445. The proposed project area also includes a small
K-12 Christian school and a private religious university (Olivet University)
whose current enrollment is 120 students and a projected enrollment of 2,000.
There is also a public library, two fire stations and large California
Department of Corrections and Rehabilitation Conservation (Fire) Camp (with a
maximum capacity of 120 inmates).

 The Connect Anza project will increase Internet capacity and enable local
students to take advantage of open-sourced educational materials, thus helping
the area bridge the digital divide. The local public schools already have a
fiber connection through the CENIC12 network. However, the schools have
expressed support for this project due to the opportunities provided to the
students. A robust internet connection will allow students to utilize online
teaching materials and techniques which they cannot currently access and use at
home. Students and parents will be able to utilize online services to organize
class assignments, check grades and communicate with teachers. Given the rural
nature of the community and the substantial distances between schools and
residences, reliable broadband access will allow students to learn at home
without the need to travel to the school. Additionally free Internet access will
be available at the local library and community hall.13

 12 See the CENIC website for a description of their network
(http://cenic.org/about/about-overview).

 13 AEC has committed to providing free Internet access for the community hall
and community park.

 Resolution T-17503 DRAFT 12/17/2015

 CD/WG1

 7

 Olivet University is a religious institution located in the project area.
Olivet University has stated to the applicant that they will leverage the Anza
project fiber network to enable online access and education at the university, a
service that is not currently available.

 CD has received 70 letters of support for the Connect Anza project. CD's review
of the letters of support revealed numerous complaints about the poor quality of
Internet service in the area as well as the lack of broadband choices. Another
theme portrayed in the letters of support for this CASF proposed project was
AEC's dependability for affordable and reliable energy utility service,
including the community's overarching confidence in AEC.

 Further, the Inland Empire Regional Broadband Consortium recommended the
communities of Anza and Aguanga as priority areas for CASF funding and fully
supports the proposed project. They noted how vital this project is to the
area's long term viability given the needs and opportunities that this project
will address related to telemedicine, education, economic development, fire and
police communications as well as benefiting the Cahuilla Native American tribes.
The project is also supported by elected officials at the local, state and
federal level.

 Pricing and Affordability. AEC has committed to a broadband pricing plan under
the terms shown below, for four years starting from the beginning date of
service. There is no long-term commitment required by the consumer.

 Service Type

 Broadband Speed

 (in Mbps)

 Monthly Charge: Standalone Broadband

 Monthly Charge:

 Bundled with Voice

 Residential

 50 down / 50 up

 $49.99

 $69.99

 Small Business

 100 down / 50 up

 $109.99

 $144.99

 Commercial

 500 down / 500 up

 $2,000.00

 $2,000.00

 Activation and installation (all types): Waived

 Modem charge: No monthly residential or business equipment fee.

 Voice service includes unlimited calling in the United States and to Canada.

 The applicant estimates that about 40 percent of households in the area would
purchase AEC's service because of the area's underserved status. This take
rate14 may actually be

 14 The &ldquo;take rate&rdquo; is the percentage of potential subscribers who
are offered the service that actually do subscribe to the service.

 Resolution T-17503 DRAFT 12/17/2015

 CD/WG1

 8

 higher for a number of reasons. Given that AEC is the long-standing local
utility for electrical service, area residents are familiar with the AEC. AEC is
member-owned and the members voted to change the company's by-laws for the
purpose of providing this service. Given the large percentage of residents who
commute out of the area, robust broadband access would provide an opportunity
for telecommuting.

 The Applicant. AEC is a not-for-profit business with six decades of experience
providing affordable and reliable energy service. AEC owns and maintains over
10,000 poles and other structures necessary for the installation of the cable,
as well as easements necessary to route the system through. AEC already has a
3-mile segment of fiber installed in the downtown Anza area that provides
Internet service free of charge to the Anza Civic Improvement League, the
Community Center Building and a fire station.15 Based on this information, CD
determined that AEC has relevant experience and infrastructure for successfully
installing and operating a high speed fiber optic network to the premises.

 Financial Viability. AEC determined that the project is economically feasible
with a CASF grant of $2,662,450, which is 60 percent of the total project costs,
to match AEC's investment of $1,774,967.

 CD reviewed submitted balance sheet, income, cash flow statements and other
financial viability variables for AEC and concluded that AEC has the existing
capital resources for the 40 percent required matching funds to construct the
Connect Anza project, as well as a sound financial framework for future
operations. Therefore, staff determined that the risk that this project would
encounter financial problems, such as the project not being completed or
maintained over time, is minimal.

 Key Characteristics. CD found that the Connect Anza Project meets CASF funding
requirements with respect to the following factors:

 [#xf0b7] Speed - the proposed speed offering of 50 Mbps download and 50 Mbps
upload (for residential customers) significantly exceeds the 6/1.5 benchmark set
by the Commission;

 [#xf0b7] Service area - is determined to be underserved and covers 213 square
miles;

 [#xf0b7] Matching Funds(40 percent of project cost) - the applicant will use
existing capital; the submitted balance sheet, income and cash flow statements
show that the applicant is financially viable and has the financial capability
to match the funds;

 15 The Connect Anza broadband project would continue to provide complementary
broadband to these organizations and to the other fire stations in the area.

 Resolution T-17503 DRAFT 12/17/2015

 CD/WG1

 9

 [#xf0b7] Price Commitment Period - the applicant has committed to a pricing
plan of four years, which is two years more than required;

 [#xf0b7] Deployment Schedule - the applicant has submitted detailed planning
documents, including a schedule with clear milestones to indicate that it will
be completed within the required 24-month construction timeline;

 [#xf0b7] Number of Households - This project will potentially reach 3,751
households;

 [#xf0b7] Low Income - The median household income ($48,038) is 79 percent of
the State's median value.

 This project is economical and provides a wide benefit. The CASF per-household
subsidy is $710 per household (based on 3,751 households that will have access).
This state subsidy, when compared to previous subsidies provided through the
CASF program for fiber projects, is low.16 The number of households that Anza
proposes to pass would be the fourth largest CASF last-mile project in terms of
households served and the area served in terms of square miles would be the
highest for all approved CASF last-mile projects.

 Based on its review, CD determined that AEC's grant application for the Connect
Anza Project qualifies for funding as an underserved area and meets the
requirements of D.12-02-015. CD staff further finds that funding the Connect
Anza Project aligns with CASF's goal to encourage the deployment of high-quality
advanced information and communications technologies to all Californians to
promote economic growth, job creation, and substantial social benefits.

 D. Safety Considerations

 The CASF program encourages the deployment of broadband throughout the State
which can enable the public to access important information in the event of an
emergency, access to emergency services, and allow first responders to
communicate with each other and collaborate during emergencies. As the
Governor's Broadband Task Force stated in its 2007 report, ubiquitous broadband
will play a key role in enhancing public safety operations and applications in
law enforcement, disaster relief, traffic management, and virtually every other
aspect of public safety.

 The census-designated communities of Anza and Aguanga and the communities of
Lake Riverside Estates, and Reed Valley have no local medical clinics. The
nearest facilities are located either in Hemet or Murrieta, both of which are
50-plus minutes by

 16 In reference of the cost of fiber projects funded through the CASF grant
program, the subsidy provided to the Connect Anza project when compared to the
per household subsidy for the other funded fiber projects, is18 percent of the
median and 8 percent of the mean cost per household.

 Resolution T-17503 DRAFT 12/17/2015

 CD/WG1

 10

 car on windy 2-lane roads. Telephone and broadband allows access to these
facilities and providers and can be a critical factor in health and safety
emergencies.

 Additionally, voice service provided as a part of this project would meet all
safety standards, including battery backup, E911 data and access to local PSAPs.


 V. Compliance Requirements

 AEC is required to comply with all the guidelines, requirements, and conditions
associated with the grant of CASF funds as specified in D.12-02-015. Such
compliance includes, but is not limited to:

 A. California Environmental Quality Act (CEQA)

 All CASF grants are subject to CEQA requirements. The Commission must complete
environmental review before funding construction projects, unless the projects
are statutorily or categorically exempt pursuant to the CEQA Guidelines.

 AEC has provided the Commission with their plan to use existing infrastructure
for the installation of a fiber-to-the-premises (FTTP) system in their service
area. Existing electrical infrastructure (with over 700 miles of line and
associated poles) provides power to area residents and businesses. AEC has been
providing power to the area since 1955 and owns most of the existing towers,
buildings, conduits, ducts, rights-of-way, trenches and other facilities (some
poles are owned by Verizon who currently provides telephone service for the
area). AEC will construct its fiber backbone using these existing facilities.
AEC will likewise construct last mile segments in or on existing facilities,
including replacement utility poles (when necessary to meet applicable
engineering and safety standards). AEC anticipates that the only underground
construction that may be required is for short utility extensions. In these
limited instances, AEC may engage in relatively minor ground-disturbing
activities primarily in existing, well-used rights-of-ways and utility easements
in its electric service territory.

 Based on the above information the project qualifies for the following
categorical exemptions from CEQA: This project meets the criteria of the CEQA
categorical exemption for existing facilities (CEQA Guidelines &sect; 15301) and
CEQA Guidelines Section &sect; 15303 - New Construction or Conversion of Small
Structures, involving construction, installation, and/or conversion of limited
numbers of new and/or existing facilities/structures.

 Resolution T-17503 DRAFT 12/17/2015

 CD/WG1

 11

 B. Deployment Schedule

 The Commission expects AEC to complete the project within 24 months from start
date (as determined by the procedure below). If the applicant is unable to
complete the proposed project within the 24 month timeframe requirement
established by the Commission, it must notify the Director of CD as soon as AEC
becomes aware of this possibility. If such notice is not provided, the
Commission may reduce payment for failure to satisfy the requirement by timely
notifying CD's Director.

 C. Execution and Performance

 CD and AEC shall determine a project start date after the CASF grant recipient
has obtained all approvals. Should AEC or any Contractor it retains fail to
commence work by the designated date, upon five days written notice to AEC, the
Commission may terminate the grant. In the event that AEC fails to complete the
project in accordance with the terms of CPUC approval as set forth in this
resolution, AEC shall reimburse some or all of the CASF funds that it has
received.

 AEC must complete all construction covered by the grant on or before the
termination date.

 D. Performance Bond

 The Commission does not require a performance bond if the applicant is a
CPCN/WIR holder and if the applicant certifies that the percentage of the total
project costs it is providing comes from their capital budget and is not
obtained from outside financing. In its application, AEC certified that the
percentage of the total project costs will come from its existing capital
budget.

 On July 17, 2015, AEC also filed an application for a CPCN, which is currently
pending before the Commission.

 If the Commission grants the CPCN, a performance bond is not required for this
project. However, in the event that the Commission does not award AEC a CPCN,
AEC must provide evidence of an executed performance bond equal to the total
amount payable under the CASF award at the time of the first payment request.

 Resolution T-17503 DRAFT 12/17/2015

 CD/WG1

 12

 D. Price Commitment Period

 The minimum required price commitment period for broadband service to all
households within the project area is two years. AEC exceeds the minimum period
and guarantees the price of service offered in the project area for four years.

 E. Project Audit

 The Commission has the right to conduct any necessary audit, verification, and
discovery during project implementation/construction to ensure that CASF funds
are spent in accordance with Commission approval.

 The recipient's invoices will be subject to a financial audit by the Commission
at any time within three years of completion of the work.

 F. Providing Voice Service

 The proposed project will allow AEC to provide landline voice service via Voice
over Internet Protocol (VoIP). AEC commits to adhere to all FCC requirements in
regards to E911 service and must provide equipment with battery backup.

 G. Reporting

 All grantees must submit quarterly progress reports on the status of the
project irrespective of whether grantees request reimbursement or payment.
Before full payment of the project, AEC must submit a project completion report.
Progress reports shall use the schedule for deployment, major construction
milestones and costs submitted in the proposal; indicate the actual date of
completion of each task/milestone as well as problems and issues encountered,
and the actions taken to resolve these problems and issues during project
implementation and construction; and identify future risks to the project.

 Recipients shall also include test results on the download and upload speeds on
a CBG and zip code basis in the final completion report. AEC must certify that
each progress report is true and correct under penalty of perjury.

 H. Submission of Form 477

 The FCC currently requires broadband providers to biannually submit the Form
477, which includes speed data. While there is an imperfect match between the
data that is

 Resolution T-17503 DRAFT 12/17/2015

 CD/WG1

 13

 reported in the Form 477 and to the CASF, the Form 477 data will be useful in
documenting CASF deployment for the service providers new service. Pursuant to
General Order 66-C, service providers in California must submit a copy of their
Form 477 data directly to the CPUC concurrent with their submission of the same
data to the FCC for a five-year period after completion of the project.17

 VI. Compliance Requirements

 Submission of invoices from and payments to AEC shall be made at 25-percent
completion intervals, in accordance with Section XI of Appendix 1 of D.12-02-015
and according to the guidelines and supporting documentation required in
D.12-02-015.

 Payment to AEC shall follow the process adopted for funds created under P. U.
Code &sect;270. Payments are generally processed by the Commission, including CD
and Administrative Services review time, within 20-25 business days. The State
Controller's Office (SCO) requires an additional 14- 21 days to issue payment
from the day that requests are received by SCO from Administrative Services.

 VII. Comments on Draft Resolution

 In compliance with Public Utilities Code &sect; 311(g), a notice letter was
e-mailed on MMM DD, 2015, informing all parties on the CASF Distribution List of
the availability of the draft of this resolution for public comments at the
Commission's website at http://www.cpuc.ca.gov/PUC/documents/. This letter also
informed parties that the final conformed Resolution adopted by the Commission
will be posted and available at this same website.

 VIII. Findings

 1. AEC filed an application for CASF funding for its Connect Anza Project on
July 16, 2015. The proposed project will improve speeds by installing a
fiber-to-the-premise system capable of symmetrical 50 Mbps download/upload
service to upwards of 3,751 households in the unincorporated communities of
Anza, Aguanga, Lake Riverside Estates, and Reed Valley in Western Riverside
County. This system would provide broadband Internet service to an area that is

 17 Approval of the California Advanced Services Fund (CASF) Application
Requirements and Scoring Criteria for Awarding CASF Funds (2008) Cal. P.U.C.
Res. No. T-17143 at 4.

 Resolution T-17503 DRAFT 12/17/2015

 CD/WG1

 14

 currently underserved. The CBGs impacted by the project are 060650444021,
060650444022, 060650444023, 060650444031, 060650444032 and 060650444033.

 2. CD posted the proposed project area map, CBGs and zip codes by county for
the AEC Connect Anza Project on the Commission's CASF webpage under &ldquo;CASF
Application Project Summaries&rdquo; on July 17, 2015. CD received no challenges
to this project.

 3. CD reviewed and analyzed data submitted for the AEC Connect Anza Project's
CASF grant application to determine the project's eligibility for CASF funding.
This data included, but was not limited to: descriptions of current and proposed
broadband infrastructure; geographic information system (GIS) formatted
shapefiles mapping the project areas; assertion that the area is underserved;
number of potential subscriber households and average incomes; project
construction schedule; project budget; proposed pricing and commitment period
for new subscribers; and financial viability of the applicant.

 4. CD reviewed the submitted shapefiles, which mapped the proposed broadband
deployment using United States 2010 Census data and the California Interactive
Broadband Availability Maps, with availability data current as of June 30, 2014.
These maps helped to verify the availability and speed of any broadband service,
where available. The project area was determined to be underserved.

 5. Based on its review, CD determined that the project qualifies for funding
under D. 12-02-015 and recommends Commission approval of CASF funding for AEC's
Connect Anza Project.

 6. AEC is required to comply with all guidelines, requirements, and conditions
associated with the granting of CASF funds as specified in D.12-02-015 and must
submit the FCC Form 477, as specified in T-17143.

 7. The Commission finds CD's recommendation to fund AEC's project, as
summarized in Appendix A, to be reasonable and consistent with Commission orders
and, therefore, adopts such recommendation.

 8. The Commission has determined that the project is categorically exempt from
CEQA review, under Sections 15301, 15303 and 15304 of the CEQA Guidelines
because the project involves minor modifications to existing structures and
facilities and possibly a minor amount of trenching where the surface will be
restored to existing conditions.

 Resolution T-17503 DRAFT 12/17/2015

 CD/WG1

 15

 9. AEC will be required to show evidence of a performance bond at time of first
payment if its CPCN application is not been granted. If the CPCN is granted, AEC
is not required to post a performance bond because 40% of the total project cost
will be financed through AEC's existing capital budget.

 10. A notice letter was e-mailed on November 13, 2015, informing all applicants
filing for CASF funding, parties on the CASF distribution list of the
availability of the draft of this Resolution for public comments at the
Commission's website http://www.cpuc.ca.gov/PUC/documents/. This letter also
informed parties that the final confirmed Resolution adopted by the Commission
will be posted and available at this same website.

 THEREFORE, IT IS ORDERED that:

 1. The Commission shall award $2,662,450 to AEC for the Connect Anza Project as
described herein and summarized in Appendix A of this Resolution.

 2. The program fund payment of $2,662,450 for this project in underserved areas
shall be paid out of the CASF Infrastructure Grant Account in accordance with
the guidelines adopted in D.12-02-015, including compliance with CEQA.

 3. Payments to the CASF recipient shall be in accordance with Section XI of
Appendix 1 of D.12-02-015 and in accordance with the process defined in the
&ldquo;Payments to CASF Recipients&rdquo; section of this Resolution.

 4. The CASF fund recipient, AEC, shall comply with all guidelines, requirements
and conditions associated with the CASF funds award as specified in D.12-02-015
and must submit the FCC Form 477 to the Commission, as specified in Resolution
T-17143.

 Resolution T-17503 DRAFT 12/17/2015

 CD/WG1

 16

 This Resolution is effective today.

 I hereby certify that this Resolution was adopted by the Public Utilities
Commission at its regular meeting on December 17, 2015. The following
Commissioners approved it:

 TIMOTHY J. SULLIVAN

 Executive Director

 Resolution T-17503

 CD/WG1

 APPENDIX

 Resolution T-17503

 CD/WG1

 Appendix A-1

 APPENDIX A

 Resolution T-17503

 Anza Electric Cooperative, Connect Anza Project

 CASF Applicant Key Information Project Name AEC Connect Anza Project

 Project Plan

 Connect Anza will deploy a fiber optic cable on existing poles and rights of
way and establish a network of sufficient capacity to establish high speed,
quality Internet service for Anza Electric Cooperatives (AEC's) existing service
territory located wholly within western Riverside County.

 Project Size (in square miles)

 213

 Download/Upload speed

 50 Mbps / 50 Mbps

 Location

 Riverside County

 Community Names

 The unincorporated communities of Anza, Aguanga, Lake Riverside Estates, and
Reed Valley

 Census Block Groups

 060650444021, 060650444022, 060650444023, 060650444031, 060650444032,
060650444033

 Weighted Median Household Income

 $48,038

 Zip Codes

 92536, 92539, 92544

 Estimated potential subscriber size

 3,751 households

 Applicant expectations

 1,500 households

 Pricing Plan

 Residential Monthly Charge:

 Standalone: $ 49.99/mo

 With Voice: $ 69.99/mo

 Small Business Charge:

 Standard: $109.99/mo

 With Voice: Additional $35 per line

 (no installation or modem fees)

 Deployment Schedule (from Commission approval date)

 24 months

 Proposed Project Budget (Total)

 $4,437,418.02

 Amount of CASF funds requested (60 percent)

 $2,662,450.81

 Applicant funded (40 percent)

 $1,774,967.21

 Resolution T-17503

 CD/WG1

 Appendix B-1

 Appendix B

 Resolution T-17503 AEC Connect Anza

 Project location map

 Resolution T-17503

 CD/WG1

 Appendix C-1

 Appendix C

 Resolution T-17503 AEC Connect Anza

 Existing broadband download speeds

 Resolution T-17503

 CD/WG1

 Appendix C-1

 Appendix D - Applicant Provided Mobile Speed Tests

 Resolution T-17503

 CD/WG1

 Appendix A-1

 Resolution T-17503

 CD/WG1

 Appendix A-1

 Resolution T-17503

 CD/WG1

 Appendix A-1



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: December 2, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              572 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           November 26, 2015 Thursday

California Public Utilities Commission notice; The Communications Division has
prepared Resolution T-17503 for the December 17, 2015, Commission Meeting.

LENGTH: 6273 words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Sacramento: California Public Utilities Commission has issued the following
notice:



 Resolution T-17503 DRAFT Agenda ID# 14468

 CD/WG1

 154995389

 PUBLIC UTILITIES COMMISSION OF THE STATE OF CALIFORNIA

 Communications Division

 RESOLUTION T-17503

 Broadband, Policy and Analysis Branch

 DATE December 17, 2015

 R E S O L U T I O N

 Resolution T-17503: Approval of funding for the grant application of Anza
Electric Cooperative, Inc. from the California Advanced Services Fund (CASF) in
the amount of $2,662,450 for the Connect Anza Project, located in a CASF
&ldquo;priority area.&rdquo;



 __________________________________________________________________

 I. Summary

 This Resolution approves funding in the amount of $2,662,450 from the
California Advanced Service Fund (CASF) in response to the grant application
from Anza Electric Cooperative, Inc. (AEC) which proposes to install a
fiber-to-the-premises (FTTP) system in the unincorporated communities of Anza,
Aguanga, Lake Riverside Estates, and Reed Valley in Western Riverside County (
Connect Anza Project). The Connect Anza Project will extend 50 Mbps and above
broadband service to approximately 3,751 households spread over 213 square miles
in the Anza Valley at a cost of $710 per household in CASF subsidies. The Anza
Valley is located 13 miles south of Idyllwild, approximately 35 miles southwest
of Palm Springs and 120 miles southeast of Los Angeles. The Connect Anza project
will also provide substantial safety and health benefits including, but not
limited to, resilient high capacity broadband infrastructure that will provide
access to e-health services and voice service that will meet all safety
standards, including E911.

 II. Background

 On December 20, 2007, the California Public Utilities Commission, in Decision
(D.) 07-12-054, established the CASF program as a two-year program to provide
funds for the

 Resolution T-17503 DRAFT 12/17/2015

 CD/WG1

 2

 deployment of broadband infrastructure in unserved and underserved areas in
California.

 On September 25, 2010, Governor Schwarzenegger signed Senate Bill (SB) 1040,1
which codified the CASF program and expanded it to include three accounts: (1)
the Infra-structure Grant Account, (2) the Consortia Grant Account, and (3) the
Revolving Loan Account. The latter two accounts are intended to address the
needs that were unmet under the original CASF program. SB 1040 also expanded the
CASF fund from $100 million to $225 million, adding $100 million to the
Infrastructure Grant Account and allocating $10 million and $15 million to the
Consortia Grant Account and the Revolving Loan Account, respectively.2

 On February 1, 2012, the Commission approved D.12-02-015 to implement new
guidelines for the Infrastructure Grant and Revolving Loan Accounts. Key
provisions of the decision include:

 [#xf0b7] A maximum CASF grant award of 70 percent of project costs for unserved
areas and 60 percent for underserved areas; and,

 [#xf0b7] A definition of an underserved area, &ldquo;where broadband is
available, but no wireline or wireless facilities-based provider offers service
at advertised speeds of at least 6 megabits per second (Mbps) downstream and 1.5
Mbps upstream (6 Mbps /1.5 Mbps).&rdquo;

 Subsequently, on June 26, 2014, the Commission approved Resolution T-17443,
which (relevant to this resolution) opened the CASF Broadband Infrastructure
Grant Account to new applications as of December 1, 2014, and offered existing
providers a &ldquo;right of first refusal&rdquo; to upgrade service in unserved
and underserved areas.3

 On July 16, 2015, AEC submitted an application for CASF funding to bring
symmetrical 50 Mbps and above broadband service to the homes and businesses of
the unincorporated communities of Anza, Aguanga, Lake Riverside Estates, and
Reed Valley via a FTTP connection. No existing provider made a commitment to
upgrade service before the November 1, 2014, &ldquo;first refusal&rdquo;
deadline. Because of this, CD

 1 Stats. 2010, c. 317, codified at Public Utilities (P.U.) Code &sect; 281

 2 P.U. Code &sect; 281(b)(1).

 3 The Commission later issued D.14-02-018 to implement provisions in Senate
Bill 740 (Padilla, Stats 2013, Chapter 522), which amended P.U. Code &sect; 281
and expanded eligibility for CASF Infrastructure Grants/Loans to non-telephone
corporations.

 Resolution T-17503 DRAFT 12/17/2015

 CD/WG1

 3

 determined the proposed project area to be &ldquo;underserved&rdquo; and
eligible for new applications.

 On September 17, 2015, Anza modified their application. The initial application
proposed to serve a 319 square mile area which includes the California State
Route 74 'Pines to Palms' state scenic highway. Given that a categorical CEQA
exemption cannot be granted for above-ground fiber projects along scenic
highways, Anza modified their application to exclude the Highway 74 corridor.
This modification reduced the total project area to 213 square miles. The
applicant estimates a 10 percent reduction in the number of households to be
served (an estimated 375 households) given the 106 mile modification.

 III. Notice/Protests

 On July 17, 2015, CD posted the proposed project area map, census block groups
(CBGs) and zip codes for the Connect Anza Project on the Commission's CASF
webpage under &ldquo;CASF Application Project Summaries&rdquo; and also sent
notice regarding the project to its electronic service list. CD did not receive
any challenges to the proposed project.4

 IV. Discussion

 This Resolution adopts CD's recommended award of $2,662,450 in a CASF grant for
the Connect Anza Project. This award represents 60 percent of the applicant's
estimated total project cost of $4,437,418. Key project information and maps are
shown in Appendix A.

 A. Applicant and Project Overview

 AEC5 currently owns and distributes electricity using over 700 miles of line in
Southwest Riverside County covering the areas of Anza, Garner Valley, Pinyon,
Alpine Village, Royal Carrizo and parts of Aguanga. AEC proposes to deploy a
fiber optic

 4 CD received an email after the challenge period from an individual who has a
small fixed wireless and satellite reseller business in Anza, CA. He did not
challenge the project but, instead, expressed opposition to the fixed wireless
portion of the project, noting the presence of the two small local wireless
providers (MtPalomar.net and Wireless Internet Pro) who do advertise up to
served speeds in some locations. The two providers do not provide data to the
Commission and staff has no way of validating their service.

 5 AEC is an incorporated non-profit 501(c) (12) electricity (member-owned)
cooperative. According to the AEC website
(http://www.anzaelectric.org/content/about-us), AEC provides power to 3900
homes, schools, businesses and 20 irrigation loads.

 Resolution T-17503 DRAFT 12/17/2015

 CD/WG1

 4

 network on its existing poles and rights of way and establish a network of
sufficient capacity to establish high speed, quality Internet service for
customers in AEC's electrical service territory. Anza also proposes to serve
approximately 170 transient residences (trailer homes) using a fixed wireless
installation6.

 AEC requested a CASF grant of $2,662,450.81, which is 60 percent of the total
project costs ($4,437,418.02), with matching AEC funding of $1,774,967. If this
project is approved, the project will reach an estimated 3,751 households,7 with
all customers capable of achieving speeds of at least 50 Mbps on both downloads
and uploads which is above the Commission-defined &ldquo;served&rdquo; threshold
of 6 Mbps download/1.5 Mbps upload.

 The Connect Anza project will directly benefit the Cahuilla band of Indians
whose reservation in within the project area. The reservation contains an
estimated8 70 households as well as the Cahuilla Creek Casino and tribal
buildings.

 B. Project Qualification

 To qualify for the CASF program, an applicant is required to submit proof that
the area is unserved or underserved by submitting shapefiles of the proposed
project. CD reviews the submitted shapefiles and compares them with United
States 2010 Census data and the California Interactive Broadband Availability
map.9 Once CD determines that the area is eligible either as an unserved or
underserved area, CD evaluates all other information the applicant has submitted
to determine if the project meets the requirements outlined in D.12-02-015. CD
reviews other information including: descriptions of current and proposed
broadband infrastructure; number of potential subscriber households and average
income; project construction schedule; project budget; proposed pricing and
commitment period for new subscribers; and financial viability of the applicant.


 As an initial step in the review of AEC's application, CD reviewed the CBGs
submitted in the project application and determined that the project was indeed
not served at adequate speeds via wireline or fixed wireless providers. With
regard to mobile service,

 6 The number of trailer homes served and the information that the residents who
live in the trailer homes are transient was stated by the applicant.

 7 The total number of households as recorded in the US 2010 census for census
block group areas to be served by the proposed project.

 8 Total number of households on the Cahuilla Reservation estimated by the
applicant.

 9 Here, CD consulted the latest version of the California Interactive Broadband
Availability Map, with data current as of June 30, 2014.

 Resolution T-17503 DRAFT 12/17/2015

 CD/WG1

 5

 however, the California Interactive Broadband Availability Map indicates that
55% of the proposed project area may be served by Verizon and/or AT&T Mobility
wireless service10. The applicant disputed that the area is served by providing
mobile field tests using the CalSPEED app.11

 The applicant provided 43 CalSPEED tests conducted on July 3, 2015 (see
Appendix D for a list of speed test results). All of the test results showed
unserved or underserved speeds within the project area. This finding, when
combined with the fact that there were no challenges to the project, led staff
to recommend that the area be considered underserved by mobile broadband.

 C. Project Evaluation and Recommendation for Funding

 CD evaluated AEC's application with respect to the scoring criteria defined in
D.12-02-015, Appendix 1, Section VIII (Scoring Criteria). The scoring criteria
includes: (i) Funds Requested per Potential Customer; (ii) Speed, (iii)
Financial Viability; (iv) Pricing; (v) Total Number of Households in the
Proposed Area; (vi) Timeliness of Completion of Project; (vii) Guaranteed
Pricing Period; and (viii) Low-Income Areas. Five bonus points are also added to
an applicant's score if local government and community endorsements or letters
of support are submitted. CD also conducted qualitative evaluation of the
project area, existing infrastructure, and community needs.

 The Community. The unincorporated communities of Anza, Aguanga, Lake Riverside
Estates and Reed Valley are located in the high desert southwest of the San
Jacinto Mountains. Anza Valley is located in the high desert southwest of the
San Jacinto Mountains. Coachella Valley (which includes the city of Palm
Springs) lies on the east side of the San Jacinto Mountains. Los Angeles is
approximately 120 miles northwest and San Diego is approximately 75 miles to the
southwest of the proposed project area. The project area is just north of the
San Diego County border in southwestern Riverside County.

 The communities within the project boundary have approximately 3,751 households
with a total population of 9,701 (using 2010 US Census data). For the Census
Designated Place (CDP) of Anza (population 3,040 as reported in the 2010 US
Census), 8.3 percent of the population is 18 years of age or younger, 66 percent
is between the

 10 Mobile broadband coverage is based on either the advertised maximum mobile
provider speed or the speed interpolated from CPUC mobile speed testing points
(using the mean - 1 standard deviation of all speed readings for that point),
whichever is least.

 11 CalSPEED is the Commission's mobile application that is used to test mobile
broadband speeds.

 Resolution T-17503 DRAFT 12/17/2015

 CD/WG1

 6

 ages of 18 and 62, and 26 percent is 62 years and above. The smaller CDP of
Aguanga (population 1,128 per the 2010 Census) had an even higher percentage of
the population 62 years and older (41 percent). The applicant noted that there
is large number of retired people in the community. The Cahuilla Indian
Reservation is within the project area.

 Based on the information provided in AEC's application, local economic activity
is minimal and a large percentage of the working population commutes out of the
area. Referring to the census data for Anza CDP, 65 percent of the working
population's commute time is 30 minutes or more, with the mean travel time to
work at 41 minutes. The US 2010 Census reported the median household income
(MHI) (per census block data) is $48,038 which is 79 percent of the state MHI
average. However, the poverty rate for Anza CDP is reported at 11.5 percent
which is below the state average (15.9 percent).

 The Connect Anza project area includes two public schools; the Hamilton High
School and the Hamilton Elementary School. According to the California
Department of Education, total enrollment at Hamilton High School is 326 and at
the Elementary School it is 445. The proposed project area also includes a small
K-12 Christian school and a private religious university (Olivet University)
whose current enrollment is 120 students and a projected enrollment of 2,000.
There is also a public library, two fire stations and large California
Department of Corrections and Rehabilitation Conservation (Fire) Camp (with a
maximum capacity of 120 inmates).

 The Connect Anza project will increase Internet capacity and enable local
students to take advantage of open-sourced educational materials, thus helping
the area bridge the digital divide. The local public schools already have a
fiber connection through the CENIC12 network. However, the schools have
expressed support for this project due to the opportunities provided to the
students. A robust internet connection will allow students to utilize online
teaching materials and techniques which they cannot currently access and use at
home. Students and parents will be able to utilize online services to organize
class assignments, check grades and communicate with teachers. Given the rural
nature of the community and the substantial distances between schools and
residences, reliable broadband access will allow students to learn at home
without the need to travel to the school. Additionally free Internet access will
be available at the local library and community hall.13

 12 See the CENIC website for a description of their network
(http://cenic.org/about/about-overview).

 13 AEC has committed to providing free Internet access for the community hall
and community park.

 Resolution T-17503 DRAFT 12/17/2015

 CD/WG1

 7

 Olivet University is a religious institution located in the project area.
Olivet University has stated to the applicant that they will leverage the Anza
project fiber network to enable online access and education at the university, a
service that is not currently available.

 CD has received 70 letters of support for the Connect Anza project. CD's review
of the letters of support revealed numerous complaints about the poor quality of
Internet service in the area as well as the lack of broadband choices. Another
theme portrayed in the letters of support for this CASF proposed project was
AEC's dependability for affordable and reliable energy utility service,
including the community's overarching confidence in AEC.

 Further, the Inland Empire Regional Broadband Consortium recommended the
communities of Anza and Aguanga as priority areas for CASF funding and fully
supports the proposed project. They noted how vital this project is to the
area's long term viability given the needs and opportunities that this project
will address related to telemedicine, education, economic development, fire and
police communications as well as benefiting the Cahuilla Native American tribes.
The project is also supported by elected officials at the local, state and
federal level.

 Pricing and Affordability. AEC has committed to a broadband pricing plan under
the terms shown below, for four years starting from the beginning date of
service. There is no long-term commitment required by the consumer.

 Service Type

 Broadband Speed

 (in Mbps)

 Monthly Charge: Standalone Broadband

 Monthly Charge:

 Bundled with Voice

 Residential

 50 down / 50 up

 $49.99

 $69.99

 Small Business

 100 down / 50 up

 $109.99

 $144.99

 Commercial

 500 down / 500 up

 $2,000.00

 $2,000.00

 Activation and installation (all types): Waived

 Modem charge: No monthly residential or business equipment fee.

 Voice service includes unlimited calling in the United States and to Canada.

 The applicant estimates that about 40 percent of households in the area would
purchase AEC's service because of the area's underserved status. This take
rate14 may actually be

 14 The &ldquo;take rate&rdquo; is the percentage of potential subscribers who
are offered the service that actually do subscribe to the service.

 Resolution T-17503 DRAFT 12/17/2015

 CD/WG1

 8

 higher for a number of reasons. Given that AEC is the long-standing local
utility for electrical service, area residents are familiar with the AEC. AEC is
member-owned and the members voted to change the company's by-laws for the
purpose of providing this service. Given the large percentage of residents who
commute out of the area, robust broadband access would provide an opportunity
for telecommuting.

 The Applicant. AEC is a not-for-profit business with six decades of experience
providing affordable and reliable energy service. AEC owns and maintains over
10,000 poles and other structures necessary for the installation of the cable,
as well as easements necessary to route the system through. AEC already has a
3-mile segment of fiber installed in the downtown Anza area that provides
Internet service free of charge to the Anza Civic Improvement League, the
Community Center Building and a fire station.15 Based on this information, CD
determined that AEC has relevant experience and infrastructure for successfully
installing and operating a high speed fiber optic network to the premises.

 Financial Viability. AEC determined that the project is economically feasible
with a CASF grant of $2,662,450, which is 60 percent of the total project costs,
to match AEC's investment of $1,774,967.

 CD reviewed submitted balance sheet, income, cash flow statements and other
financial viability variables for AEC and concluded that AEC has the existing
capital resources for the 40 percent required matching funds to construct the
Connect Anza project, as well as a sound financial framework for future
operations. Therefore, staff determined that the risk that this project would
encounter financial problems, such as the project not being completed or
maintained over time, is minimal.

 Key Characteristics. CD found that the Connect Anza Project meets CASF funding
requirements with respect to the following factors:

 [#xf0b7] Speed - the proposed speed offering of 50 Mbps download and 50 Mbps
upload (for residential customers) significantly exceeds the 6/1.5 benchmark set
by the Commission;

 [#xf0b7] Service area - is determined to be underserved and covers 213 square
miles;

 [#xf0b7] Matching Funds(40 percent of project cost) - the applicant will use
existing capital; the submitted balance sheet, income and cash flow statements
show that the applicant is financially viable and has the financial capability
to match the funds;

 15 The Connect Anza broadband project would continue to provide complementary
broadband to these organizations and to the other fire stations in the area.

 Resolution T-17503 DRAFT 12/17/2015

 CD/WG1

 9

 [#xf0b7] Price Commitment Period - the applicant has committed to a pricing
plan of four years, which is two years more than required;

 [#xf0b7] Deployment Schedule - the applicant has submitted detailed planning
documents, including a schedule with clear milestones to indicate that it will
be completed within the required 24-month construction timeline;

 [#xf0b7] Number of Households - This project will potentially reach 3,751
households;

 [#xf0b7] Low Income - The median household income ($48,038) is 79 percent of
the State's median value.

 This project is economical and provides a wide benefit. The CASF per-household
subsidy is $710 per household (based on 3,751 households that will have access).
This state subsidy, when compared to previous subsidies provided through the
CASF program for fiber projects, is low.16 The number of households that Anza
proposes to pass would be the fourth largest CASF last-mile project in terms of
households served and the area served in terms of square miles would be the
highest for all approved CASF last-mile projects.

 Based on its review, CD determined that AEC's grant application for the Connect
Anza Project qualifies for funding as an underserved area and meets the
requirements of D.12-02-015. CD staff further finds that funding the Connect
Anza Project aligns with CASF's goal to encourage the deployment of high-quality
advanced information and communications technologies to all Californians to
promote economic growth, job creation, and substantial social benefits.

 D. Safety Considerations

 The CASF program encourages the deployment of broadband throughout the State
which can enable the public to access important information in the event of an
emergency, access to emergency services, and allow first responders to
communicate with each other and collaborate during emergencies. As the
Governor's Broadband Task Force stated in its 2007 report, ubiquitous broadband
will play a key role in enhancing public safety operations and applications in
law enforcement, disaster relief, traffic management, and virtually every other
aspect of public safety.

 The census-designated communities of Anza and Aguanga and the communities of
Lake Riverside Estates, and Reed Valley have no local medical clinics. The
nearest facilities are located either in Hemet or Murrieta, both of which are
50-plus minutes by

 16 In reference of the cost of fiber projects funded through the CASF grant
program, the subsidy provided to the Connect Anza project when compared to the
per household subsidy for the other funded fiber projects, is18 percent of the
median and 8 percent of the mean cost per household.

 Resolution T-17503 DRAFT 12/17/2015

 CD/WG1

 10

 car on windy 2-lane roads. Telephone and broadband allows access to these
facilities and providers and can be a critical factor in health and safety
emergencies.

 Additionally, voice service provided as a part of this project would meet all
safety standards, including battery backup, E911 data and access to local PSAPs.


 V. Compliance Requirements

 AEC is required to comply with all the guidelines, requirements, and conditions
associated with the grant of CASF funds as specified in D.12-02-015. Such
compliance includes, but is not limited to:

 A. California Environmental Quality Act (CEQA)

 All CASF grants are subject to CEQA requirements. The Commission must complete
environmental review before funding construction projects, unless the projects
are statutorily or categorically exempt pursuant to the CEQA Guidelines.

 AEC has provided the Commission with their plan to use existing infrastructure
for the installation of a fiber-to-the-premises (FTTP) system in their service
area. Existing electrical infrastructure (with over 700 miles of line and
associated poles) provides power to area residents and businesses. AEC has been
providing power to the area since 1955 and owns most of the existing towers,
buildings, conduits, ducts, rights-of-way, trenches and other facilities (some
poles are owned by Verizon who currently provides telephone service for the
area). AEC will construct its fiber backbone using these existing facilities.
AEC will likewise construct last mile segments in or on existing facilities,
including replacement utility poles (when necessary to meet applicable
engineering and safety standards). AEC anticipates that the only underground
construction that may be required is for short utility extensions. In these
limited instances, AEC may engage in relatively minor ground-disturbing
activities primarily in existing, well-used rights-of-ways and utility easements
in its electric service territory.

 Based on the above information the project qualifies for the following
categorical exemptions from CEQA: This project meets the criteria of the CEQA
categorical exemption for existing facilities (CEQA Guidelines &sect; 15301) and
CEQA Guidelines Section &sect; 15303 - New Construction or Conversion of Small
Structures, involving construction, installation, and/or conversion of limited
numbers of new and/or existing facilities/structures.

 Resolution T-17503 DRAFT 12/17/2015

 CD/WG1

 11

 B. Deployment Schedule

 The Commission expects AEC to complete the project within 24 months from start
date (as determined by the procedure below). If the applicant is unable to
complete the proposed project within the 24 month timeframe requirement
established by the Commission, it must notify the Director of CD as soon as AEC
becomes aware of this possibility. If such notice is not provided, the
Commission may reduce payment for failure to satisfy the requirement by timely
notifying CD's Director.

 C. Execution and Performance

 CD and AEC shall determine a project start date after the CASF grant recipient
has obtained all approvals. Should AEC or any Contractor it retains fail to
commence work by the designated date, upon five days written notice to AEC, the
Commission may terminate the grant. In the event that AEC fails to complete the
project in accordance with the terms of CPUC approval as set forth in this
resolution, AEC shall reimburse some or all of the CASF funds that it has
received.

 AEC must complete all construction covered by the grant on or before the
termination date.

 D. Performance Bond

 The Commission does not require a performance bond if the applicant is a
CPCN/WIR holder and if the applicant certifies that the percentage of the total
project costs it is providing comes from their capital budget and is not
obtained from outside financing. In its application, AEC certified that the
percentage of the total project costs will come from its existing capital
budget.

 On July 17, 2015, AEC also filed an application for a CPCN, which is currently
pending before the Commission.

 If the Commission grants the CPCN, a performance bond is not required for this
project. However, in the event that the Commission does not award AEC a CPCN,
AEC must provide evidence of an executed performance bond equal to the total
amount payable under the CASF award at the time of the first payment request.

 Resolution T-17503 DRAFT 12/17/2015

 CD/WG1

 12

 D. Price Commitment Period

 The minimum required price commitment period for broadband service to all
households within the project area is two years. AEC exceeds the minimum period
and guarantees the price of service offered in the project area for four years.

 E. Project Audit

 The Commission has the right to conduct any necessary audit, verification, and
discovery during project implementation/construction to ensure that CASF funds
are spent in accordance with Commission approval.

 The recipient's invoices will be subject to a financial audit by the Commission
at any time within three years of completion of the work.

 F. Providing Voice Service

 The proposed project will allow AEC to provide landline voice service via Voice
over Internet Protocol (VoIP). AEC commits to adhere to all FCC requirements in
regards to E911 service and must provide equipment with battery backup.

 G. Reporting

 All grantees must submit quarterly progress reports on the status of the
project irrespective of whether grantees request reimbursement or payment.
Before full payment of the project, AEC must submit a project completion report.
Progress reports shall use the schedule for deployment, major construction
milestones and costs submitted in the proposal; indicate the actual date of
completion of each task/milestone as well as problems and issues encountered,
and the actions taken to resolve these problems and issues during project
implementation and construction; and identify future risks to the project.

 Recipients shall also include test results on the download and upload speeds on
a CBG and zip code basis in the final completion report. AEC must certify that
each progress report is true and correct under penalty of perjury.

 H. Submission of Form 477

 The FCC currently requires broadband providers to biannually submit the Form
477, which includes speed data. While there is an imperfect match between the
data that is

 Resolution T-17503 DRAFT 12/17/2015

 CD/WG1

 13

 reported in the Form 477 and to the CASF, the Form 477 data will be useful in
documenting CASF deployment for the service providers new service. Pursuant to
General Order 66-C, service providers in California must submit a copy of their
Form 477 data directly to the CPUC concurrent with their submission of the same
data to the FCC for a five-year period after completion of the project.17

 VI. Compliance Requirements

 Submission of invoices from and payments to AEC shall be made at 25-percent
completion intervals, in accordance with Section XI of Appendix 1 of D.12-02-015
and according to the guidelines and supporting documentation required in
D.12-02-015.

 Payment to AEC shall follow the process adopted for funds created under P. U.
Code &sect;270. Payments are generally processed by the Commission, including CD
and Administrative Services review time, within 20-25 business days. The State
Controller's Office (SCO) requires an additional 14- 21 days to issue payment
from the day that requests are received by SCO from Administrative Services.

 VII. Comments on Draft Resolution

 In compliance with Public Utilities Code &sect; 311(g), a notice letter was
e-mailed on MMM DD, 2015, informing all parties on the CASF Distribution List of
the availability of the draft of this resolution for public comments at the
Commission's website at http://www.cpuc.ca.gov/PUC/documents/. This letter also
informed parties that the final conformed Resolution adopted by the Commission
will be posted and available at this same website.

 VIII. Findings

 1. AEC filed an application for CASF funding for its Connect Anza Project on
July 16, 2015. The proposed project will improve speeds by installing a
fiber-to-the-premise system capable of symmetrical 50 Mbps download/upload
service to upwards of 3,751 households in the unincorporated communities of
Anza, Aguanga, Lake Riverside Estates, and Reed Valley in Western Riverside
County. This system would provide broadband Internet service to an area that is

 17 Approval of the California Advanced Services Fund (CASF) Application
Requirements and Scoring Criteria for Awarding CASF Funds (2008) Cal. P.U.C.
Res. No. T-17143 at 4.

 Resolution T-17503 DRAFT 12/17/2015

 CD/WG1

 14

 currently underserved. The CBGs impacted by the project are 060650444021,
060650444022, 060650444023, 060650444031, 060650444032 and 060650444033.

 2. CD posted the proposed project area map, CBGs and zip codes by county for
the AEC Connect Anza Project on the Commission's CASF webpage under &ldquo;CASF
Application Project Summaries&rdquo; on July 17, 2015. CD received no challenges
to this project.

 3. CD reviewed and analyzed data submitted for the AEC Connect Anza Project's
CASF grant application to determine the project's eligibility for CASF funding.
This data included, but was not limited to: descriptions of current and proposed
broadband infrastructure; geographic information system (GIS) formatted
shapefiles mapping the project areas; assertion that the area is underserved;
number of potential subscriber households and average incomes; project
construction schedule; project budget; proposed pricing and commitment period
for new subscribers; and financial viability of the applicant.

 4. CD reviewed the submitted shapefiles, which mapped the proposed broadband
deployment using United States 2010 Census data and the California Interactive
Broadband Availability Maps, with availability data current as of June 30, 2014.
These maps helped to verify the availability and speed of any broadband service,
where available. The project area was determined to be underserved.

 5. Based on its review, CD determined that the project qualifies for funding
under D. 12-02-015 and recommends Commission approval of CASF funding for AEC's
Connect Anza Project.

 6. AEC is required to comply with all guidelines, requirements, and conditions
associated with the granting of CASF funds as specified in D.12-02-015 and must
submit the FCC Form 477, as specified in T-17143.

 7. The Commission finds CD's recommendation to fund AEC's project, as
summarized in Appendix A, to be reasonable and consistent with Commission orders
and, therefore, adopts such recommendation.

 8. The Commission has determined that the project is categorically exempt from
CEQA review, under Sections 15301, 15303 and 15304 of the CEQA Guidelines
because the project involves minor modifications to existing structures and
facilities and possibly a minor amount of trenching where the surface will be
restored to existing conditions.

 Resolution T-17503 DRAFT 12/17/2015

 CD/WG1

 15

 9. AEC will be required to show evidence of a performance bond at time of first
payment if its CPCN application is not been granted. If the CPCN is granted, AEC
is not required to post a performance bond because 40% of the total project cost
will be financed through AEC's existing capital budget.

 10. A notice letter was e-mailed on November 13, 2015, informing all applicants
filing for CASF funding, parties on the CASF distribution list of the
availability of the draft of this Resolution for public comments at the
Commission's website http://www.cpuc.ca.gov/PUC/documents/. This letter also
informed parties that the final confirmed Resolution adopted by the Commission
will be posted and available at this same website.

 THEREFORE, IT IS ORDERED that:

 1. The Commission shall award $2,662,450 to AEC for the Connect Anza Project as
described herein and summarized in Appendix A of this Resolution.

 2. The program fund payment of $2,662,450 for this project in underserved areas
shall be paid out of the CASF Infrastructure Grant Account in accordance with
the guidelines adopted in D.12-02-015, including compliance with CEQA.

 3. Payments to the CASF recipient shall be in accordance with Section XI of
Appendix 1 of D.12-02-015 and in accordance with the process defined in the
&ldquo;Payments to CASF Recipients&rdquo; section of this Resolution.

 4. The CASF fund recipient, AEC, shall comply with all guidelines, requirements
and conditions associated with the CASF funds award as specified in D.12-02-015
and must submit the FCC Form 477 to the Commission, as specified in Resolution
T-17143.

 Resolution T-17503 DRAFT 12/17/2015

 CD/WG1

 16

 This Resolution is effective today.

 I hereby certify that this Resolution was adopted by the Public Utilities
Commission at its regular meeting on December 17, 2015. The following
Commissioners approved it:

 TIMOTHY J. SULLIVAN

 Executive Director

 Resolution T-17503

 CD/WG1

 APPENDIX

 Resolution T-17503

 CD/WG1

 Appendix A-1

 APPENDIX A

 Resolution T-17503

 Anza Electric Cooperative, Connect Anza Project

 CASF Applicant Key Information Project Name AEC Connect Anza Project

 Project Plan

 Connect Anza will deploy a fiber optic cable on existing poles and rights of
way and establish a network of sufficient capacity to establish high speed,
quality Internet service for Anza Electric Cooperatives (AEC's) existing service
territory located wholly within western Riverside County.

 Project Size (in square miles)

 213

 Download/Upload speed

 50 Mbps / 50 Mbps

 Location

 Riverside County

 Community Names

 The unincorporated communities of Anza, Aguanga, Lake Riverside Estates, and
Reed Valley

 Census Block Groups

 060650444021, 060650444022, 060650444023, 060650444031, 060650444032,
060650444033

 Weighted Median Household Income

 $48,038

 Zip Codes

 92536, 92539, 92544

 Estimated potential subscriber size

 3,751 households

 Applicant expectations

 1,500 households

 Pricing Plan

 Residential Monthly Charge:

 Standalone: $ 49.99/mo

 With Voice: $ 69.99/mo

 Small Business Charge:

 Standard: $109.99/mo

 With Voice: Additional $35 per line

 (no installation or modem fees)

 Deployment Schedule (from Commission approval date)

 24 months

 Proposed Project Budget (Total)

 $4,437,418.02

 Amount of CASF funds requested (60 percent)

 $2,662,450.81

 Applicant funded (40 percent)

 $1,774,967.21

 Resolution T-17503

 CD/WG1

 Appendix B-1

 Appendix B

 Resolution T-17503 AEC Connect Anza

 Project location map

 Resolution T-17503

 CD/WG1

 Appendix C-1

 Appendix C

 Resolution T-17503 AEC Connect Anza

 Existing broadband download speeds

 Resolution T-17503

 CD/WG1

 Appendix C-1

 Appendix D - Applicant Provided Mobile Speed Tests

 Resolution T-17503

 CD/WG1

 Appendix A-1

 Resolution T-17503

 CD/WG1

 Appendix A-1

 Resolution T-17503

 CD/WG1

 Appendix A-1



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: November 26, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              573 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          November 25, 2015 Wednesday

California Public Utilities Commission notice; The Communications Division has
prepared Resolution T-17503 for the December 17, 2015, Commission Meeting.

LENGTH: 6273 words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Sacramento: California Public Utilities Commission has issued the following
notice:



 Resolution T-17503 DRAFT Agenda ID# 14468

 CD/WG1

 154995389

 PUBLIC UTILITIES COMMISSION OF THE STATE OF CALIFORNIA

 Communications Division

 RESOLUTION T-17503

 Broadband, Policy and Analysis Branch

 DATE December 17, 2015

 R E S O L U T I O N

 Resolution T-17503: Approval of funding for the grant application of Anza
Electric Cooperative, Inc. from the California Advanced Services Fund (CASF) in
the amount of $2,662,450 for the Connect Anza Project, located in a CASF
&ldquo;priority area.&rdquo;



 __________________________________________________________________

 I. Summary

 This Resolution approves funding in the amount of $2,662,450 from the
California Advanced Service Fund (CASF) in response to the grant application
from Anza Electric Cooperative, Inc. (AEC) which proposes to install a
fiber-to-the-premises (FTTP) system in the unincorporated communities of Anza,
Aguanga, Lake Riverside Estates, and Reed Valley in Western Riverside County (
Connect Anza Project). The Connect Anza Project will extend 50 Mbps and above
broadband service to approximately 3,751 households spread over 213 square miles
in the Anza Valley at a cost of $710 per household in CASF subsidies. The Anza
Valley is located 13 miles south of Idyllwild, approximately 35 miles southwest
of Palm Springs and 120 miles southeast of Los Angeles. The Connect Anza project
will also provide substantial safety and health benefits including, but not
limited to, resilient high capacity broadband infrastructure that will provide
access to e-health services and voice service that will meet all safety
standards, including E911.

 II. Background

 On December 20, 2007, the California Public Utilities Commission, in Decision
(D.) 07-12-054, established the CASF program as a two-year program to provide
funds for the

 Resolution T-17503 DRAFT 12/17/2015

 CD/WG1

 2

 deployment of broadband infrastructure in unserved and underserved areas in
California.

 On September 25, 2010, Governor Schwarzenegger signed Senate Bill (SB) 1040,1
which codified the CASF program and expanded it to include three accounts: (1)
the Infra-structure Grant Account, (2) the Consortia Grant Account, and (3) the
Revolving Loan Account. The latter two accounts are intended to address the
needs that were unmet under the original CASF program. SB 1040 also expanded the
CASF fund from $100 million to $225 million, adding $100 million to the
Infrastructure Grant Account and allocating $10 million and $15 million to the
Consortia Grant Account and the Revolving Loan Account, respectively.2

 On February 1, 2012, the Commission approved D.12-02-015 to implement new
guidelines for the Infrastructure Grant and Revolving Loan Accounts. Key
provisions of the decision include:

 [#xf0b7] A maximum CASF grant award of 70 percent of project costs for unserved
areas and 60 percent for underserved areas; and,

 [#xf0b7] A definition of an underserved area, &ldquo;where broadband is
available, but no wireline or wireless facilities-based provider offers service
at advertised speeds of at least 6 megabits per second (Mbps) downstream and 1.5
Mbps upstream (6 Mbps /1.5 Mbps).&rdquo;

 Subsequently, on June 26, 2014, the Commission approved Resolution T-17443,
which (relevant to this resolution) opened the CASF Broadband Infrastructure
Grant Account to new applications as of December 1, 2014, and offered existing
providers a &ldquo;right of first refusal&rdquo; to upgrade service in unserved
and underserved areas.3

 On July 16, 2015, AEC submitted an application for CASF funding to bring
symmetrical 50 Mbps and above broadband service to the homes and businesses of
the unincorporated communities of Anza, Aguanga, Lake Riverside Estates, and
Reed Valley via a FTTP connection. No existing provider made a commitment to
upgrade service before the November 1, 2014, &ldquo;first refusal&rdquo;
deadline. Because of this, CD

 1 Stats. 2010, c. 317, codified at Public Utilities (P.U.) Code &sect; 281

 2 P.U. Code &sect; 281(b)(1).

 3 The Commission later issued D.14-02-018 to implement provisions in Senate
Bill 740 (Padilla, Stats 2013, Chapter 522), which amended P.U. Code &sect; 281
and expanded eligibility for CASF Infrastructure Grants/Loans to non-telephone
corporations.

 Resolution T-17503 DRAFT 12/17/2015

 CD/WG1

 3

 determined the proposed project area to be &ldquo;underserved&rdquo; and
eligible for new applications.

 On September 17, 2015, Anza modified their application. The initial application
proposed to serve a 319 square mile area which includes the California State
Route 74 'Pines to Palms' state scenic highway. Given that a categorical CEQA
exemption cannot be granted for above-ground fiber projects along scenic
highways, Anza modified their application to exclude the Highway 74 corridor.
This modification reduced the total project area to 213 square miles. The
applicant estimates a 10 percent reduction in the number of households to be
served (an estimated 375 households) given the 106 mile modification.

 III. Notice/Protests

 On July 17, 2015, CD posted the proposed project area map, census block groups
(CBGs) and zip codes for the Connect Anza Project on the Commission's CASF
webpage under &ldquo;CASF Application Project Summaries&rdquo; and also sent
notice regarding the project to its electronic service list. CD did not receive
any challenges to the proposed project.4

 IV. Discussion

 This Resolution adopts CD's recommended award of $2,662,450 in a CASF grant for
the Connect Anza Project. This award represents 60 percent of the applicant's
estimated total project cost of $4,437,418. Key project information and maps are
shown in Appendix A.

 A. Applicant and Project Overview

 AEC5 currently owns and distributes electricity using over 700 miles of line in
Southwest Riverside County covering the areas of Anza, Garner Valley, Pinyon,
Alpine Village, Royal Carrizo and parts of Aguanga. AEC proposes to deploy a
fiber optic

 4 CD received an email after the challenge period from an individual who has a
small fixed wireless and satellite reseller business in Anza, CA. He did not
challenge the project but, instead, expressed opposition to the fixed wireless
portion of the project, noting the presence of the two small local wireless
providers (MtPalomar.net and Wireless Internet Pro) who do advertise up to
served speeds in some locations. The two providers do not provide data to the
Commission and staff has no way of validating their service.

 5 AEC is an incorporated non-profit 501(c) (12) electricity (member-owned)
cooperative. According to the AEC website
(http://www.anzaelectric.org/content/about-us), AEC provides power to 3900
homes, schools, businesses and 20 irrigation loads.

 Resolution T-17503 DRAFT 12/17/2015

 CD/WG1

 4

 network on its existing poles and rights of way and establish a network of
sufficient capacity to establish high speed, quality Internet service for
customers in AEC's electrical service territory. Anza also proposes to serve
approximately 170 transient residences (trailer homes) using a fixed wireless
installation6.

 AEC requested a CASF grant of $2,662,450.81, which is 60 percent of the total
project costs ($4,437,418.02), with matching AEC funding of $1,774,967. If this
project is approved, the project will reach an estimated 3,751 households,7 with
all customers capable of achieving speeds of at least 50 Mbps on both downloads
and uploads which is above the Commission-defined &ldquo;served&rdquo; threshold
of 6 Mbps download/1.5 Mbps upload.

 The Connect Anza project will directly benefit the Cahuilla band of Indians
whose reservation in within the project area. The reservation contains an
estimated8 70 households as well as the Cahuilla Creek Casino and tribal
buildings.

 B. Project Qualification

 To qualify for the CASF program, an applicant is required to submit proof that
the area is unserved or underserved by submitting shapefiles of the proposed
project. CD reviews the submitted shapefiles and compares them with United
States 2010 Census data and the California Interactive Broadband Availability
map.9 Once CD determines that the area is eligible either as an unserved or
underserved area, CD evaluates all other information the applicant has submitted
to determine if the project meets the requirements outlined in D.12-02-015. CD
reviews other information including: descriptions of current and proposed
broadband infrastructure; number of potential subscriber households and average
income; project construction schedule; project budget; proposed pricing and
commitment period for new subscribers; and financial viability of the applicant.


 As an initial step in the review of AEC's application, CD reviewed the CBGs
submitted in the project application and determined that the project was indeed
not served at adequate speeds via wireline or fixed wireless providers. With
regard to mobile service,

 6 The number of trailer homes served and the information that the residents who
live in the trailer homes are transient was stated by the applicant.

 7 The total number of households as recorded in the US 2010 census for census
block group areas to be served by the proposed project.

 8 Total number of households on the Cahuilla Reservation estimated by the
applicant.

 9 Here, CD consulted the latest version of the California Interactive Broadband
Availability Map, with data current as of June 30, 2014.

 Resolution T-17503 DRAFT 12/17/2015

 CD/WG1

 5

 however, the California Interactive Broadband Availability Map indicates that
55% of the proposed project area may be served by Verizon and/or AT&T Mobility
wireless service10. The applicant disputed that the area is served by providing
mobile field tests using the CalSPEED app.11

 The applicant provided 43 CalSPEED tests conducted on July 3, 2015 (see
Appendix D for a list of speed test results). All of the test results showed
unserved or underserved speeds within the project area. This finding, when
combined with the fact that there were no challenges to the project, led staff
to recommend that the area be considered underserved by mobile broadband.

 C. Project Evaluation and Recommendation for Funding

 CD evaluated AEC's application with respect to the scoring criteria defined in
D.12-02-015, Appendix 1, Section VIII (Scoring Criteria). The scoring criteria
includes: (i) Funds Requested per Potential Customer; (ii) Speed, (iii)
Financial Viability; (iv) Pricing; (v) Total Number of Households in the
Proposed Area; (vi) Timeliness of Completion of Project; (vii) Guaranteed
Pricing Period; and (viii) Low-Income Areas. Five bonus points are also added to
an applicant's score if local government and community endorsements or letters
of support are submitted. CD also conducted qualitative evaluation of the
project area, existing infrastructure, and community needs.

 The Community. The unincorporated communities of Anza, Aguanga, Lake Riverside
Estates and Reed Valley are located in the high desert southwest of the San
Jacinto Mountains. Anza Valley is located in the high desert southwest of the
San Jacinto Mountains. Coachella Valley (which includes the city of Palm
Springs) lies on the east side of the San Jacinto Mountains. Los Angeles is
approximately 120 miles northwest and San Diego is approximately 75 miles to the
southwest of the proposed project area. The project area is just north of the
San Diego County border in southwestern Riverside County.

 The communities within the project boundary have approximately 3,751 households
with a total population of 9,701 (using 2010 US Census data). For the Census
Designated Place (CDP) of Anza (population 3,040 as reported in the 2010 US
Census), 8.3 percent of the population is 18 years of age or younger, 66 percent
is between the

 10 Mobile broadband coverage is based on either the advertised maximum mobile
provider speed or the speed interpolated from CPUC mobile speed testing points
(using the mean - 1 standard deviation of all speed readings for that point),
whichever is least.

 11 CalSPEED is the Commission's mobile application that is used to test mobile
broadband speeds.

 Resolution T-17503 DRAFT 12/17/2015

 CD/WG1

 6

 ages of 18 and 62, and 26 percent is 62 years and above. The smaller CDP of
Aguanga (population 1,128 per the 2010 Census) had an even higher percentage of
the population 62 years and older (41 percent). The applicant noted that there
is large number of retired people in the community. The Cahuilla Indian
Reservation is within the project area.

 Based on the information provided in AEC's application, local economic activity
is minimal and a large percentage of the working population commutes out of the
area. Referring to the census data for Anza CDP, 65 percent of the working
population's commute time is 30 minutes or more, with the mean travel time to
work at 41 minutes. The US 2010 Census reported the median household income
(MHI) (per census block data) is $48,038 which is 79 percent of the state MHI
average. However, the poverty rate for Anza CDP is reported at 11.5 percent
which is below the state average (15.9 percent).

 The Connect Anza project area includes two public schools; the Hamilton High
School and the Hamilton Elementary School. According to the California
Department of Education, total enrollment at Hamilton High School is 326 and at
the Elementary School it is 445. The proposed project area also includes a small
K-12 Christian school and a private religious university (Olivet University)
whose current enrollment is 120 students and a projected enrollment of 2,000.
There is also a public library, two fire stations and large California
Department of Corrections and Rehabilitation Conservation (Fire) Camp (with a
maximum capacity of 120 inmates).

 The Connect Anza project will increase Internet capacity and enable local
students to take advantage of open-sourced educational materials, thus helping
the area bridge the digital divide. The local public schools already have a
fiber connection through the CENIC12 network. However, the schools have
expressed support for this project due to the opportunities provided to the
students. A robust internet connection will allow students to utilize online
teaching materials and techniques which they cannot currently access and use at
home. Students and parents will be able to utilize online services to organize
class assignments, check grades and communicate with teachers. Given the rural
nature of the community and the substantial distances between schools and
residences, reliable broadband access will allow students to learn at home
without the need to travel to the school. Additionally free Internet access will
be available at the local library and community hall.13

 12 See the CENIC website for a description of their network
(http://cenic.org/about/about-overview).

 13 AEC has committed to providing free Internet access for the community hall
and community park.

 Resolution T-17503 DRAFT 12/17/2015

 CD/WG1

 7

 Olivet University is a religious institution located in the project area.
Olivet University has stated to the applicant that they will leverage the Anza
project fiber network to enable online access and education at the university, a
service that is not currently available.

 CD has received 70 letters of support for the Connect Anza project. CD's review
of the letters of support revealed numerous complaints about the poor quality of
Internet service in the area as well as the lack of broadband choices. Another
theme portrayed in the letters of support for this CASF proposed project was
AEC's dependability for affordable and reliable energy utility service,
including the community's overarching confidence in AEC.

 Further, the Inland Empire Regional Broadband Consortium recommended the
communities of Anza and Aguanga as priority areas for CASF funding and fully
supports the proposed project. They noted how vital this project is to the
area's long term viability given the needs and opportunities that this project
will address related to telemedicine, education, economic development, fire and
police communications as well as benefiting the Cahuilla Native American tribes.
The project is also supported by elected officials at the local, state and
federal level.

 Pricing and Affordability. AEC has committed to a broadband pricing plan under
the terms shown below, for four years starting from the beginning date of
service. There is no long-term commitment required by the consumer.

 Service Type

 Broadband Speed

 (in Mbps)

 Monthly Charge: Standalone Broadband

 Monthly Charge:

 Bundled with Voice

 Residential

 50 down / 50 up

 $49.99

 $69.99

 Small Business

 100 down / 50 up

 $109.99

 $144.99

 Commercial

 500 down / 500 up

 $2,000.00

 $2,000.00

 Activation and installation (all types): Waived

 Modem charge: No monthly residential or business equipment fee.

 Voice service includes unlimited calling in the United States and to Canada.

 The applicant estimates that about 40 percent of households in the area would
purchase AEC's service because of the area's underserved status. This take
rate14 may actually be

 14 The &ldquo;take rate&rdquo; is the percentage of potential subscribers who
are offered the service that actually do subscribe to the service.

 Resolution T-17503 DRAFT 12/17/2015

 CD/WG1

 8

 higher for a number of reasons. Given that AEC is the long-standing local
utility for electrical service, area residents are familiar with the AEC. AEC is
member-owned and the members voted to change the company's by-laws for the
purpose of providing this service. Given the large percentage of residents who
commute out of the area, robust broadband access would provide an opportunity
for telecommuting.

 The Applicant. AEC is a not-for-profit business with six decades of experience
providing affordable and reliable energy service. AEC owns and maintains over
10,000 poles and other structures necessary for the installation of the cable,
as well as easements necessary to route the system through. AEC already has a
3-mile segment of fiber installed in the downtown Anza area that provides
Internet service free of charge to the Anza Civic Improvement League, the
Community Center Building and a fire station.15 Based on this information, CD
determined that AEC has relevant experience and infrastructure for successfully
installing and operating a high speed fiber optic network to the premises.

 Financial Viability. AEC determined that the project is economically feasible
with a CASF grant of $2,662,450, which is 60 percent of the total project costs,
to match AEC's investment of $1,774,967.

 CD reviewed submitted balance sheet, income, cash flow statements and other
financial viability variables for AEC and concluded that AEC has the existing
capital resources for the 40 percent required matching funds to construct the
Connect Anza project, as well as a sound financial framework for future
operations. Therefore, staff determined that the risk that this project would
encounter financial problems, such as the project not being completed or
maintained over time, is minimal.

 Key Characteristics. CD found that the Connect Anza Project meets CASF funding
requirements with respect to the following factors:

 [#xf0b7] Speed - the proposed speed offering of 50 Mbps download and 50 Mbps
upload (for residential customers) significantly exceeds the 6/1.5 benchmark set
by the Commission;

 [#xf0b7] Service area - is determined to be underserved and covers 213 square
miles;

 [#xf0b7] Matching Funds(40 percent of project cost) - the applicant will use
existing capital; the submitted balance sheet, income and cash flow statements
show that the applicant is financially viable and has the financial capability
to match the funds;

 15 The Connect Anza broadband project would continue to provide complementary
broadband to these organizations and to the other fire stations in the area.

 Resolution T-17503 DRAFT 12/17/2015

 CD/WG1

 9

 [#xf0b7] Price Commitment Period - the applicant has committed to a pricing
plan of four years, which is two years more than required;

 [#xf0b7] Deployment Schedule - the applicant has submitted detailed planning
documents, including a schedule with clear milestones to indicate that it will
be completed within the required 24-month construction timeline;

 [#xf0b7] Number of Households - This project will potentially reach 3,751
households;

 [#xf0b7] Low Income - The median household income ($48,038) is 79 percent of
the State's median value.

 This project is economical and provides a wide benefit. The CASF per-household
subsidy is $710 per household (based on 3,751 households that will have access).
This state subsidy, when compared to previous subsidies provided through the
CASF program for fiber projects, is low.16 The number of households that Anza
proposes to pass would be the fourth largest CASF last-mile project in terms of
households served and the area served in terms of square miles would be the
highest for all approved CASF last-mile projects.

 Based on its review, CD determined that AEC's grant application for the Connect
Anza Project qualifies for funding as an underserved area and meets the
requirements of D.12-02-015. CD staff further finds that funding the Connect
Anza Project aligns with CASF's goal to encourage the deployment of high-quality
advanced information and communications technologies to all Californians to
promote economic growth, job creation, and substantial social benefits.

 D. Safety Considerations

 The CASF program encourages the deployment of broadband throughout the State
which can enable the public to access important information in the event of an
emergency, access to emergency services, and allow first responders to
communicate with each other and collaborate during emergencies. As the
Governor's Broadband Task Force stated in its 2007 report, ubiquitous broadband
will play a key role in enhancing public safety operations and applications in
law enforcement, disaster relief, traffic management, and virtually every other
aspect of public safety.

 The census-designated communities of Anza and Aguanga and the communities of
Lake Riverside Estates, and Reed Valley have no local medical clinics. The
nearest facilities are located either in Hemet or Murrieta, both of which are
50-plus minutes by

 16 In reference of the cost of fiber projects funded through the CASF grant
program, the subsidy provided to the Connect Anza project when compared to the
per household subsidy for the other funded fiber projects, is18 percent of the
median and 8 percent of the mean cost per household.

 Resolution T-17503 DRAFT 12/17/2015

 CD/WG1

 10

 car on windy 2-lane roads. Telephone and broadband allows access to these
facilities and providers and can be a critical factor in health and safety
emergencies.

 Additionally, voice service provided as a part of this project would meet all
safety standards, including battery backup, E911 data and access to local PSAPs.


 V. Compliance Requirements

 AEC is required to comply with all the guidelines, requirements, and conditions
associated with the grant of CASF funds as specified in D.12-02-015. Such
compliance includes, but is not limited to:

 A. California Environmental Quality Act (CEQA)

 All CASF grants are subject to CEQA requirements. The Commission must complete
environmental review before funding construction projects, unless the projects
are statutorily or categorically exempt pursuant to the CEQA Guidelines.

 AEC has provided the Commission with their plan to use existing infrastructure
for the installation of a fiber-to-the-premises (FTTP) system in their service
area. Existing electrical infrastructure (with over 700 miles of line and
associated poles) provides power to area residents and businesses. AEC has been
providing power to the area since 1955 and owns most of the existing towers,
buildings, conduits, ducts, rights-of-way, trenches and other facilities (some
poles are owned by Verizon who currently provides telephone service for the
area). AEC will construct its fiber backbone using these existing facilities.
AEC will likewise construct last mile segments in or on existing facilities,
including replacement utility poles (when necessary to meet applicable
engineering and safety standards). AEC anticipates that the only underground
construction that may be required is for short utility extensions. In these
limited instances, AEC may engage in relatively minor ground-disturbing
activities primarily in existing, well-used rights-of-ways and utility easements
in its electric service territory.

 Based on the above information the project qualifies for the following
categorical exemptions from CEQA: This project meets the criteria of the CEQA
categorical exemption for existing facilities (CEQA Guidelines &sect; 15301) and
CEQA Guidelines Section &sect; 15303 - New Construction or Conversion of Small
Structures, involving construction, installation, and/or conversion of limited
numbers of new and/or existing facilities/structures.

 Resolution T-17503 DRAFT 12/17/2015

 CD/WG1

 11

 B. Deployment Schedule

 The Commission expects AEC to complete the project within 24 months from start
date (as determined by the procedure below). If the applicant is unable to
complete the proposed project within the 24 month timeframe requirement
established by the Commission, it must notify the Director of CD as soon as AEC
becomes aware of this possibility. If such notice is not provided, the
Commission may reduce payment for failure to satisfy the requirement by timely
notifying CD's Director.

 C. Execution and Performance

 CD and AEC shall determine a project start date after the CASF grant recipient
has obtained all approvals. Should AEC or any Contractor it retains fail to
commence work by the designated date, upon five days written notice to AEC, the
Commission may terminate the grant. In the event that AEC fails to complete the
project in accordance with the terms of CPUC approval as set forth in this
resolution, AEC shall reimburse some or all of the CASF funds that it has
received.

 AEC must complete all construction covered by the grant on or before the
termination date.

 D. Performance Bond

 The Commission does not require a performance bond if the applicant is a
CPCN/WIR holder and if the applicant certifies that the percentage of the total
project costs it is providing comes from their capital budget and is not
obtained from outside financing. In its application, AEC certified that the
percentage of the total project costs will come from its existing capital
budget.

 On July 17, 2015, AEC also filed an application for a CPCN, which is currently
pending before the Commission.

 If the Commission grants the CPCN, a performance bond is not required for this
project. However, in the event that the Commission does not award AEC a CPCN,
AEC must provide evidence of an executed performance bond equal to the total
amount payable under the CASF award at the time of the first payment request.

 Resolution T-17503 DRAFT 12/17/2015

 CD/WG1

 12

 D. Price Commitment Period

 The minimum required price commitment period for broadband service to all
households within the project area is two years. AEC exceeds the minimum period
and guarantees the price of service offered in the project area for four years.

 E. Project Audit

 The Commission has the right to conduct any necessary audit, verification, and
discovery during project implementation/construction to ensure that CASF funds
are spent in accordance with Commission approval.

 The recipient's invoices will be subject to a financial audit by the Commission
at any time within three years of completion of the work.

 F. Providing Voice Service

 The proposed project will allow AEC to provide landline voice service via Voice
over Internet Protocol (VoIP). AEC commits to adhere to all FCC requirements in
regards to E911 service and must provide equipment with battery backup.

 G. Reporting

 All grantees must submit quarterly progress reports on the status of the
project irrespective of whether grantees request reimbursement or payment.
Before full payment of the project, AEC must submit a project completion report.
Progress reports shall use the schedule for deployment, major construction
milestones and costs submitted in the proposal; indicate the actual date of
completion of each task/milestone as well as problems and issues encountered,
and the actions taken to resolve these problems and issues during project
implementation and construction; and identify future risks to the project.

 Recipients shall also include test results on the download and upload speeds on
a CBG and zip code basis in the final completion report. AEC must certify that
each progress report is true and correct under penalty of perjury.

 H. Submission of Form 477

 The FCC currently requires broadband providers to biannually submit the Form
477, which includes speed data. While there is an imperfect match between the
data that is

 Resolution T-17503 DRAFT 12/17/2015

 CD/WG1

 13

 reported in the Form 477 and to the CASF, the Form 477 data will be useful in
documenting CASF deployment for the service providers new service. Pursuant to
General Order 66-C, service providers in California must submit a copy of their
Form 477 data directly to the CPUC concurrent with their submission of the same
data to the FCC for a five-year period after completion of the project.17

 VI. Compliance Requirements

 Submission of invoices from and payments to AEC shall be made at 25-percent
completion intervals, in accordance with Section XI of Appendix 1 of D.12-02-015
and according to the guidelines and supporting documentation required in
D.12-02-015.

 Payment to AEC shall follow the process adopted for funds created under P. U.
Code &sect;270. Payments are generally processed by the Commission, including CD
and Administrative Services review time, within 20-25 business days. The State
Controller's Office (SCO) requires an additional 14- 21 days to issue payment
from the day that requests are received by SCO from Administrative Services.

 VII. Comments on Draft Resolution

 In compliance with Public Utilities Code &sect; 311(g), a notice letter was
e-mailed on MMM DD, 2015, informing all parties on the CASF Distribution List of
the availability of the draft of this resolution for public comments at the
Commission's website at http://www.cpuc.ca.gov/PUC/documents/. This letter also
informed parties that the final conformed Resolution adopted by the Commission
will be posted and available at this same website.

 VIII. Findings

 1. AEC filed an application for CASF funding for its Connect Anza Project on
July 16, 2015. The proposed project will improve speeds by installing a
fiber-to-the-premise system capable of symmetrical 50 Mbps download/upload
service to upwards of 3,751 households in the unincorporated communities of
Anza, Aguanga, Lake Riverside Estates, and Reed Valley in Western Riverside
County. This system would provide broadband Internet service to an area that is

 17 Approval of the California Advanced Services Fund (CASF) Application
Requirements and Scoring Criteria for Awarding CASF Funds (2008) Cal. P.U.C.
Res. No. T-17143 at 4.

 Resolution T-17503 DRAFT 12/17/2015

 CD/WG1

 14

 currently underserved. The CBGs impacted by the project are 060650444021,
060650444022, 060650444023, 060650444031, 060650444032 and 060650444033.

 2. CD posted the proposed project area map, CBGs and zip codes by county for
the AEC Connect Anza Project on the Commission's CASF webpage under &ldquo;CASF
Application Project Summaries&rdquo; on July 17, 2015. CD received no challenges
to this project.

 3. CD reviewed and analyzed data submitted for the AEC Connect Anza Project's
CASF grant application to determine the project's eligibility for CASF funding.
This data included, but was not limited to: descriptions of current and proposed
broadband infrastructure; geographic information system (GIS) formatted
shapefiles mapping the project areas; assertion that the area is underserved;
number of potential subscriber households and average incomes; project
construction schedule; project budget; proposed pricing and commitment period
for new subscribers; and financial viability of the applicant.

 4. CD reviewed the submitted shapefiles, which mapped the proposed broadband
deployment using United States 2010 Census data and the California Interactive
Broadband Availability Maps, with availability data current as of June 30, 2014.
These maps helped to verify the availability and speed of any broadband service,
where available. The project area was determined to be underserved.

 5. Based on its review, CD determined that the project qualifies for funding
under D. 12-02-015 and recommends Commission approval of CASF funding for AEC's
Connect Anza Project.

 6. AEC is required to comply with all guidelines, requirements, and conditions
associated with the granting of CASF funds as specified in D.12-02-015 and must
submit the FCC Form 477, as specified in T-17143.

 7. The Commission finds CD's recommendation to fund AEC's project, as
summarized in Appendix A, to be reasonable and consistent with Commission orders
and, therefore, adopts such recommendation.

 8. The Commission has determined that the project is categorically exempt from
CEQA review, under Sections 15301, 15303 and 15304 of the CEQA Guidelines
because the project involves minor modifications to existing structures and
facilities and possibly a minor amount of trenching where the surface will be
restored to existing conditions.

 Resolution T-17503 DRAFT 12/17/2015

 CD/WG1

 15

 9. AEC will be required to show evidence of a performance bond at time of first
payment if its CPCN application is not been granted. If the CPCN is granted, AEC
is not required to post a performance bond because 40% of the total project cost
will be financed through AEC's existing capital budget.

 10. A notice letter was e-mailed on November 13, 2015, informing all applicants
filing for CASF funding, parties on the CASF distribution list of the
availability of the draft of this Resolution for public comments at the
Commission's website http://www.cpuc.ca.gov/PUC/documents/. This letter also
informed parties that the final confirmed Resolution adopted by the Commission
will be posted and available at this same website.

 THEREFORE, IT IS ORDERED that:

 1. The Commission shall award $2,662,450 to AEC for the Connect Anza Project as
described herein and summarized in Appendix A of this Resolution.

 2. The program fund payment of $2,662,450 for this project in underserved areas
shall be paid out of the CASF Infrastructure Grant Account in accordance with
the guidelines adopted in D.12-02-015, including compliance with CEQA.

 3. Payments to the CASF recipient shall be in accordance with Section XI of
Appendix 1 of D.12-02-015 and in accordance with the process defined in the
&ldquo;Payments to CASF Recipients&rdquo; section of this Resolution.

 4. The CASF fund recipient, AEC, shall comply with all guidelines, requirements
and conditions associated with the CASF funds award as specified in D.12-02-015
and must submit the FCC Form 477 to the Commission, as specified in Resolution
T-17143.

 Resolution T-17503 DRAFT 12/17/2015

 CD/WG1

 16

 This Resolution is effective today.

 I hereby certify that this Resolution was adopted by the Public Utilities
Commission at its regular meeting on December 17, 2015. The following
Commissioners approved it:

 TIMOTHY J. SULLIVAN

 Executive Director

 Resolution T-17503

 CD/WG1

 APPENDIX

 Resolution T-17503

 CD/WG1

 Appendix A-1

 APPENDIX A

 Resolution T-17503

 Anza Electric Cooperative, Connect Anza Project

 CASF Applicant Key Information Project Name AEC Connect Anza Project

 Project Plan

 Connect Anza will deploy a fiber optic cable on existing poles and rights of
way and establish a network of sufficient capacity to establish high speed,
quality Internet service for Anza Electric Cooperatives (AEC's) existing service
territory located wholly within western Riverside County.

 Project Size (in square miles)

 213

 Download/Upload speed

 50 Mbps / 50 Mbps

 Location

 Riverside County

 Community Names

 The unincorporated communities of Anza, Aguanga, Lake Riverside Estates, and
Reed Valley

 Census Block Groups

 060650444021, 060650444022, 060650444023, 060650444031, 060650444032,
060650444033

 Weighted Median Household Income

 $48,038

 Zip Codes

 92536, 92539, 92544

 Estimated potential subscriber size

 3,751 households

 Applicant expectations

 1,500 households

 Pricing Plan

 Residential Monthly Charge:

 Standalone: $ 49.99/mo

 With Voice: $ 69.99/mo

 Small Business Charge:

 Standard: $109.99/mo

 With Voice: Additional $35 per line

 (no installation or modem fees)

 Deployment Schedule (from Commission approval date)

 24 months

 Proposed Project Budget (Total)

 $4,437,418.02

 Amount of CASF funds requested (60 percent)

 $2,662,450.81

 Applicant funded (40 percent)

 $1,774,967.21

 Resolution T-17503

 CD/WG1

 Appendix B-1

 Appendix B

 Resolution T-17503 AEC Connect Anza

 Project location map

 Resolution T-17503

 CD/WG1

 Appendix C-1

 Appendix C

 Resolution T-17503 AEC Connect Anza

 Existing broadband download speeds

 Resolution T-17503

 CD/WG1

 Appendix C-1

 Appendix D - Applicant Provided Mobile Speed Tests

 Resolution T-17503

 CD/WG1

 Appendix A-1

 Resolution T-17503

 CD/WG1

 Appendix A-1

 Resolution T-17503

 CD/WG1

 Appendix A-1



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: November 25, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              574 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           November 24, 2015 Tuesday

California Public Utilities Commission notice; The Communications Division has
prepared Resolution T-17503 for the December 17, 2015, Commission Meeting

LENGTH: 6273 words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Sacramento: California Public Utilities Commission has issued the following
notice:



 Resolution T-17503 DRAFT Agenda ID# 14468

 CD/WG1

 154995389

 PUBLIC UTILITIES COMMISSION OF THE STATE OF CALIFORNIA

 Communications Division

 RESOLUTION T-17503

 Broadband, Policy and Analysis Branch

 DATE December 17, 2015

 R E S O L U T I O N

 Resolution T-17503: Approval of funding for the grant application of Anza
Electric Cooperative, Inc. from the California Advanced Services Fund (CASF) in
the amount of $2,662,450 for the Connect Anza Project, located in a CASF
&ldquo;priority area.&rdquo;



 __________________________________________________________________

 I. Summary

 This Resolution approves funding in the amount of $2,662,450 from the
California Advanced Service Fund (CASF) in response to the grant application
from Anza Electric Cooperative, Inc. (AEC) which proposes to install a
fiber-to-the-premises (FTTP) system in the unincorporated communities of Anza,
Aguanga, Lake Riverside Estates, and Reed Valley in Western Riverside County (
Connect Anza Project). The Connect Anza Project will extend 50 Mbps and above
broadband service to approximately 3,751 households spread over 213 square miles
in the Anza Valley at a cost of $710 per household in CASF subsidies. The Anza
Valley is located 13 miles south of Idyllwild, approximately 35 miles southwest
of Palm Springs and 120 miles southeast of Los Angeles. The Connect Anza project
will also provide substantial safety and health benefits including, but not
limited to, resilient high capacity broadband infrastructure that will provide
access to e-health services and voice service that will meet all safety
standards, including E911.

 II. Background

 On December 20, 2007, the California Public Utilities Commission, in Decision
(D.) 07-12-054, established the CASF program as a two-year program to provide
funds for the

 Resolution T-17503 DRAFT 12/17/2015

 CD/WG1

 2

 deployment of broadband infrastructure in unserved and underserved areas in
California.

 On September 25, 2010, Governor Schwarzenegger signed Senate Bill (SB) 1040,1
which codified the CASF program and expanded it to include three accounts: (1)
the Infra-structure Grant Account, (2) the Consortia Grant Account, and (3) the
Revolving Loan Account. The latter two accounts are intended to address the
needs that were unmet under the original CASF program. SB 1040 also expanded the
CASF fund from $100 million to $225 million, adding $100 million to the
Infrastructure Grant Account and allocating $10 million and $15 million to the
Consortia Grant Account and the Revolving Loan Account, respectively.2

 On February 1, 2012, the Commission approved D.12-02-015 to implement new
guidelines for the Infrastructure Grant and Revolving Loan Accounts. Key
provisions of the decision include:

 [#xf0b7] A maximum CASF grant award of 70 percent of project costs for unserved
areas and 60 percent for underserved areas; and,

 [#xf0b7] A definition of an underserved area, &ldquo;where broadband is
available, but no wireline or wireless facilities-based provider offers service
at advertised speeds of at least 6 megabits per second (Mbps) downstream and 1.5
Mbps upstream (6 Mbps /1.5 Mbps).&rdquo;

 Subsequently, on June 26, 2014, the Commission approved Resolution T-17443,
which (relevant to this resolution) opened the CASF Broadband Infrastructure
Grant Account to new applications as of December 1, 2014, and offered existing
providers a &ldquo;right of first refusal&rdquo; to upgrade service in unserved
and underserved areas.3

 On July 16, 2015, AEC submitted an application for CASF funding to bring
symmetrical 50 Mbps and above broadband service to the homes and businesses of
the unincorporated communities of Anza, Aguanga, Lake Riverside Estates, and
Reed Valley via a FTTP connection. No existing provider made a commitment to
upgrade service before the November 1, 2014, &ldquo;first refusal&rdquo;
deadline. Because of this, CD

 1 Stats. 2010, c. 317, codified at Public Utilities (P.U.) Code &sect; 281

 2 P.U. Code &sect; 281(b)(1).

 3 The Commission later issued D.14-02-018 to implement provisions in Senate
Bill 740 (Padilla, Stats 2013, Chapter 522), which amended P.U. Code &sect; 281
and expanded eligibility for CASF Infrastructure Grants/Loans to non-telephone
corporations.

 Resolution T-17503 DRAFT 12/17/2015

 CD/WG1

 3

 determined the proposed project area to be &ldquo;underserved&rdquo; and
eligible for new applications.

 On September 17, 2015, Anza modified their application. The initial application
proposed to serve a 319 square mile area which includes the California State
Route 74 'Pines to Palms' state scenic highway. Given that a categorical CEQA
exemption cannot be granted for above-ground fiber projects along scenic
highways, Anza modified their application to exclude the Highway 74 corridor.
This modification reduced the total project area to 213 square miles. The
applicant estimates a 10 percent reduction in the number of households to be
served (an estimated 375 households) given the 106 mile modification.

 III. Notice/Protests

 On July 17, 2015, CD posted the proposed project area map, census block groups
(CBGs) and zip codes for the Connect Anza Project on the Commission's CASF
webpage under &ldquo;CASF Application Project Summaries&rdquo; and also sent
notice regarding the project to its electronic service list. CD did not receive
any challenges to the proposed project.4

 IV. Discussion

 This Resolution adopts CD's recommended award of $2,662,450 in a CASF grant for
the Connect Anza Project. This award represents 60 percent of the applicant's
estimated total project cost of $4,437,418. Key project information and maps are
shown in Appendix A.

 A. Applicant and Project Overview

 AEC5 currently owns and distributes electricity using over 700 miles of line in
Southwest Riverside County covering the areas of Anza, Garner Valley, Pinyon,
Alpine Village, Royal Carrizo and parts of Aguanga. AEC proposes to deploy a
fiber optic

 4 CD received an email after the challenge period from an individual who has a
small fixed wireless and satellite reseller business in Anza, CA. He did not
challenge the project but, instead, expressed opposition to the fixed wireless
portion of the project, noting the presence of the two small local wireless
providers (MtPalomar.net and Wireless Internet Pro) who do advertise up to
served speeds in some locations. The two providers do not provide data to the
Commission and staff has no way of validating their service.

 5 AEC is an incorporated non-profit 501(c) (12) electricity (member-owned)
cooperative. According to the AEC website
(http://www.anzaelectric.org/content/about-us), AEC provides power to 3900
homes, schools, businesses and 20 irrigation loads.

 Resolution T-17503 DRAFT 12/17/2015

 CD/WG1

 4

 network on its existing poles and rights of way and establish a network of
sufficient capacity to establish high speed, quality Internet service for
customers in AEC's electrical service territory. Anza also proposes to serve
approximately 170 transient residences (trailer homes) using a fixed wireless
installation6.

 AEC requested a CASF grant of $2,662,450.81, which is 60 percent of the total
project costs ($4,437,418.02), with matching AEC funding of $1,774,967. If this
project is approved, the project will reach an estimated 3,751 households,7 with
all customers capable of achieving speeds of at least 50 Mbps on both downloads
and uploads which is above the Commission-defined &ldquo;served&rdquo; threshold
of 6 Mbps download/1.5 Mbps upload.

 The Connect Anza project will directly benefit the Cahuilla band of Indians
whose reservation in within the project area. The reservation contains an
estimated8 70 households as well as the Cahuilla Creek Casino and tribal
buildings.

 B. Project Qualification

 To qualify for the CASF program, an applicant is required to submit proof that
the area is unserved or underserved by submitting shapefiles of the proposed
project. CD reviews the submitted shapefiles and compares them with United
States 2010 Census data and the California Interactive Broadband Availability
map.9 Once CD determines that the area is eligible either as an unserved or
underserved area, CD evaluates all other information the applicant has submitted
to determine if the project meets the requirements outlined in D.12-02-015. CD
reviews other information including: descriptions of current and proposed
broadband infrastructure; number of potential subscriber households and average
income; project construction schedule; project budget; proposed pricing and
commitment period for new subscribers; and financial viability of the applicant.


 As an initial step in the review of AEC's application, CD reviewed the CBGs
submitted in the project application and determined that the project was indeed
not served at adequate speeds via wireline or fixed wireless providers. With
regard to mobile service,

 6 The number of trailer homes served and the information that the residents who
live in the trailer homes are transient was stated by the applicant.

 7 The total number of households as recorded in the US 2010 census for census
block group areas to be served by the proposed project.

 8 Total number of households on the Cahuilla Reservation estimated by the
applicant.

 9 Here, CD consulted the latest version of the California Interactive Broadband
Availability Map, with data current as of June 30, 2014.

 Resolution T-17503 DRAFT 12/17/2015

 CD/WG1

 5

 however, the California Interactive Broadband Availability Map indicates that
55% of the proposed project area may be served by Verizon and/or AT&T Mobility
wireless service10. The applicant disputed that the area is served by providing
mobile field tests using the CalSPEED app.11

 The applicant provided 43 CalSPEED tests conducted on July 3, 2015 (see
Appendix D for a list of speed test results). All of the test results showed
unserved or underserved speeds within the project area. This finding, when
combined with the fact that there were no challenges to the project, led staff
to recommend that the area be considered underserved by mobile broadband.

 C. Project Evaluation and Recommendation for Funding

 CD evaluated AEC's application with respect to the scoring criteria defined in
D.12-02-015, Appendix 1, Section VIII (Scoring Criteria). The scoring criteria
includes: (i) Funds Requested per Potential Customer; (ii) Speed, (iii)
Financial Viability; (iv) Pricing; (v) Total Number of Households in the
Proposed Area; (vi) Timeliness of Completion of Project; (vii) Guaranteed
Pricing Period; and (viii) Low-Income Areas. Five bonus points are also added to
an applicant's score if local government and community endorsements or letters
of support are submitted. CD also conducted qualitative evaluation of the
project area, existing infrastructure, and community needs.

 The Community. The unincorporated communities of Anza, Aguanga, Lake Riverside
Estates and Reed Valley are located in the high desert southwest of the San
Jacinto Mountains. Anza Valley is located in the high desert southwest of the
San Jacinto Mountains. Coachella Valley (which includes the city of Palm
Springs) lies on the east side of the San Jacinto Mountains. Los Angeles is
approximately 120 miles northwest and San Diego is approximately 75 miles to the
southwest of the proposed project area. The project area is just north of the
San Diego County border in southwestern Riverside County.

 The communities within the project boundary have approximately 3,751 households
with a total population of 9,701 (using 2010 US Census data). For the Census
Designated Place (CDP) of Anza (population 3,040 as reported in the 2010 US
Census), 8.3 percent of the population is 18 years of age or younger, 66 percent
is between the

 10 Mobile broadband coverage is based on either the advertised maximum mobile
provider speed or the speed interpolated from CPUC mobile speed testing points
(using the mean - 1 standard deviation of all speed readings for that point),
whichever is least.

 11 CalSPEED is the Commission's mobile application that is used to test mobile
broadband speeds.

 Resolution T-17503 DRAFT 12/17/2015

 CD/WG1

 6

 ages of 18 and 62, and 26 percent is 62 years and above. The smaller CDP of
Aguanga (population 1,128 per the 2010 Census) had an even higher percentage of
the population 62 years and older (41 percent). The applicant noted that there
is large number of retired people in the community. The Cahuilla Indian
Reservation is within the project area.

 Based on the information provided in AEC's application, local economic activity
is minimal and a large percentage of the working population commutes out of the
area. Referring to the census data for Anza CDP, 65 percent of the working
population's commute time is 30 minutes or more, with the mean travel time to
work at 41 minutes. The US 2010 Census reported the median household income
(MHI) (per census block data) is $48,038 which is 79 percent of the state MHI
average. However, the poverty rate for Anza CDP is reported at 11.5 percent
which is below the state average (15.9 percent).

 The Connect Anza project area includes two public schools; the Hamilton High
School and the Hamilton Elementary School. According to the California
Department of Education, total enrollment at Hamilton High School is 326 and at
the Elementary School it is 445. The proposed project area also includes a small
K-12 Christian school and a private religious university (Olivet University)
whose current enrollment is 120 students and a projected enrollment of 2,000.
There is also a public library, two fire stations and large California
Department of Corrections and Rehabilitation Conservation (Fire) Camp (with a
maximum capacity of 120 inmates).

 The Connect Anza project will increase Internet capacity and enable local
students to take advantage of open-sourced educational materials, thus helping
the area bridge the digital divide. The local public schools already have a
fiber connection through the CENIC12 network. However, the schools have
expressed support for this project due to the opportunities provided to the
students. A robust internet connection will allow students to utilize online
teaching materials and techniques which they cannot currently access and use at
home. Students and parents will be able to utilize online services to organize
class assignments, check grades and communicate with teachers. Given the rural
nature of the community and the substantial distances between schools and
residences, reliable broadband access will allow students to learn at home
without the need to travel to the school. Additionally free Internet access will
be available at the local library and community hall.13

 12 See the CENIC website for a description of their network
(http://cenic.org/about/about-overview).

 13 AEC has committed to providing free Internet access for the community hall
and community park.

 Resolution T-17503 DRAFT 12/17/2015

 CD/WG1

 7

 Olivet University is a religious institution located in the project area.
Olivet University has stated to the applicant that they will leverage the Anza
project fiber network to enable online access and education at the university, a
service that is not currently available.

 CD has received 70 letters of support for the Connect Anza project. CD's review
of the letters of support revealed numerous complaints about the poor quality of
Internet service in the area as well as the lack of broadband choices. Another
theme portrayed in the letters of support for this CASF proposed project was
AEC's dependability for affordable and reliable energy utility service,
including the community's overarching confidence in AEC.

 Further, the Inland Empire Regional Broadband Consortium recommended the
communities of Anza and Aguanga as priority areas for CASF funding and fully
supports the proposed project. They noted how vital this project is to the
area's long term viability given the needs and opportunities that this project
will address related to telemedicine, education, economic development, fire and
police communications as well as benefiting the Cahuilla Native American tribes.
The project is also supported by elected officials at the local, state and
federal level.

 Pricing and Affordability. AEC has committed to a broadband pricing plan under
the terms shown below, for four years starting from the beginning date of
service. There is no long-term commitment required by the consumer.

 Service Type

 Broadband Speed

 (in Mbps)

 Monthly Charge: Standalone Broadband

 Monthly Charge:

 Bundled with Voice

 Residential

 50 down / 50 up

 $49.99

 $69.99

 Small Business

 100 down / 50 up

 $109.99

 $144.99

 Commercial

 500 down / 500 up

 $2,000.00

 $2,000.00

 Activation and installation (all types): Waived

 Modem charge: No monthly residential or business equipment fee.

 Voice service includes unlimited calling in the United States and to Canada.

 The applicant estimates that about 40 percent of households in the area would
purchase AEC's service because of the area's underserved status. This take
rate14 may actually be

 14 The &ldquo;take rate&rdquo; is the percentage of potential subscribers who
are offered the service that actually do subscribe to the service.

 Resolution T-17503 DRAFT 12/17/2015

 CD/WG1

 8

 higher for a number of reasons. Given that AEC is the long-standing local
utility for electrical service, area residents are familiar with the AEC. AEC is
member-owned and the members voted to change the company's by-laws for the
purpose of providing this service. Given the large percentage of residents who
commute out of the area, robust broadband access would provide an opportunity
for telecommuting.

 The Applicant. AEC is a not-for-profit business with six decades of experience
providing affordable and reliable energy service. AEC owns and maintains over
10,000 poles and other structures necessary for the installation of the cable,
as well as easements necessary to route the system through. AEC already has a
3-mile segment of fiber installed in the downtown Anza area that provides
Internet service free of charge to the Anza Civic Improvement League, the
Community Center Building and a fire station.15 Based on this information, CD
determined that AEC has relevant experience and infrastructure for successfully
installing and operating a high speed fiber optic network to the premises.

 Financial Viability. AEC determined that the project is economically feasible
with a CASF grant of $2,662,450, which is 60 percent of the total project costs,
to match AEC's investment of $1,774,967.

 CD reviewed submitted balance sheet, income, cash flow statements and other
financial viability variables for AEC and concluded that AEC has the existing
capital resources for the 40 percent required matching funds to construct the
Connect Anza project, as well as a sound financial framework for future
operations. Therefore, staff determined that the risk that this project would
encounter financial problems, such as the project not being completed or
maintained over time, is minimal.

 Key Characteristics. CD found that the Connect Anza Project meets CASF funding
requirements with respect to the following factors:

 [#xf0b7] Speed - the proposed speed offering of 50 Mbps download and 50 Mbps
upload (for residential customers) significantly exceeds the 6/1.5 benchmark set
by the Commission;

 [#xf0b7] Service area - is determined to be underserved and covers 213 square
miles;

 [#xf0b7] Matching Funds(40 percent of project cost) - the applicant will use
existing capital; the submitted balance sheet, income and cash flow statements
show that the applicant is financially viable and has the financial capability
to match the funds;

 15 The Connect Anza broadband project would continue to provide complementary
broadband to these organizations and to the other fire stations in the area.

 Resolution T-17503 DRAFT 12/17/2015

 CD/WG1

 9

 [#xf0b7] Price Commitment Period - the applicant has committed to a pricing
plan of four years, which is two years more than required;

 [#xf0b7] Deployment Schedule - the applicant has submitted detailed planning
documents, including a schedule with clear milestones to indicate that it will
be completed within the required 24-month construction timeline;

 [#xf0b7] Number of Households - This project will potentially reach 3,751
households;

 [#xf0b7] Low Income - The median household income ($48,038) is 79 percent of
the State's median value.

 This project is economical and provides a wide benefit. The CASF per-household
subsidy is $710 per household (based on 3,751 households that will have access).
This state subsidy, when compared to previous subsidies provided through the
CASF program for fiber projects, is low.16 The number of households that Anza
proposes to pass would be the fourth largest CASF last-mile project in terms of
households served and the area served in terms of square miles would be the
highest for all approved CASF last-mile projects.

 Based on its review, CD determined that AEC's grant application for the Connect
Anza Project qualifies for funding as an underserved area and meets the
requirements of D.12-02-015. CD staff further finds that funding the Connect
Anza Project aligns with CASF's goal to encourage the deployment of high-quality
advanced information and communications technologies to all Californians to
promote economic growth, job creation, and substantial social benefits.

 D. Safety Considerations

 The CASF program encourages the deployment of broadband throughout the State
which can enable the public to access important information in the event of an
emergency, access to emergency services, and allow first responders to
communicate with each other and collaborate during emergencies. As the
Governor's Broadband Task Force stated in its 2007 report, ubiquitous broadband
will play a key role in enhancing public safety operations and applications in
law enforcement, disaster relief, traffic management, and virtually every other
aspect of public safety.

 The census-designated communities of Anza and Aguanga and the communities of
Lake Riverside Estates, and Reed Valley have no local medical clinics. The
nearest facilities are located either in Hemet or Murrieta, both of which are
50-plus minutes by

 16 In reference of the cost of fiber projects funded through the CASF grant
program, the subsidy provided to the Connect Anza project when compared to the
per household subsidy for the other funded fiber projects, is18 percent of the
median and 8 percent of the mean cost per household.

 Resolution T-17503 DRAFT 12/17/2015

 CD/WG1

 10

 car on windy 2-lane roads. Telephone and broadband allows access to these
facilities and providers and can be a critical factor in health and safety
emergencies.

 Additionally, voice service provided as a part of this project would meet all
safety standards, including battery backup, E911 data and access to local PSAPs.


 V. Compliance Requirements

 AEC is required to comply with all the guidelines, requirements, and conditions
associated with the grant of CASF funds as specified in D.12-02-015. Such
compliance includes, but is not limited to:

 A. California Environmental Quality Act (CEQA)

 All CASF grants are subject to CEQA requirements. The Commission must complete
environmental review before funding construction projects, unless the projects
are statutorily or categorically exempt pursuant to the CEQA Guidelines.

 AEC has provided the Commission with their plan to use existing infrastructure
for the installation of a fiber-to-the-premises (FTTP) system in their service
area. Existing electrical infrastructure (with over 700 miles of line and
associated poles) provides power to area residents and businesses. AEC has been
providing power to the area since 1955 and owns most of the existing towers,
buildings, conduits, ducts, rights-of-way, trenches and other facilities (some
poles are owned by Verizon who currently provides telephone service for the
area). AEC will construct its fiber backbone using these existing facilities.
AEC will likewise construct last mile segments in or on existing facilities,
including replacement utility poles (when necessary to meet applicable
engineering and safety standards). AEC anticipates that the only underground
construction that may be required is for short utility extensions. In these
limited instances, AEC may engage in relatively minor ground-disturbing
activities primarily in existing, well-used rights-of-ways and utility easements
in its electric service territory.

 Based on the above information the project qualifies for the following
categorical exemptions from CEQA: This project meets the criteria of the CEQA
categorical exemption for existing facilities (CEQA Guidelines &sect; 15301) and
CEQA Guidelines Section &sect; 15303 - New Construction or Conversion of Small
Structures, involving construction, installation, and/or conversion of limited
numbers of new and/or existing facilities/structures.

 Resolution T-17503 DRAFT 12/17/2015

 CD/WG1

 11

 B. Deployment Schedule

 The Commission expects AEC to complete the project within 24 months from start
date (as determined by the procedure below). If the applicant is unable to
complete the proposed project within the 24 month timeframe requirement
established by the Commission, it must notify the Director of CD as soon as AEC
becomes aware of this possibility. If such notice is not provided, the
Commission may reduce payment for failure to satisfy the requirement by timely
notifying CD's Director.

 C. Execution and Performance

 CD and AEC shall determine a project start date after the CASF grant recipient
has obtained all approvals. Should AEC or any Contractor it retains fail to
commence work by the designated date, upon five days written notice to AEC, the
Commission may terminate the grant. In the event that AEC fails to complete the
project in accordance with the terms of CPUC approval as set forth in this
resolution, AEC shall reimburse some or all of the CASF funds that it has
received.

 AEC must complete all construction covered by the grant on or before the
termination date.

 D. Performance Bond

 The Commission does not require a performance bond if the applicant is a
CPCN/WIR holder and if the applicant certifies that the percentage of the total
project costs it is providing comes from their capital budget and is not
obtained from outside financing. In its application, AEC certified that the
percentage of the total project costs will come from its existing capital
budget.

 On July 17, 2015, AEC also filed an application for a CPCN, which is currently
pending before the Commission.

 If the Commission grants the CPCN, a performance bond is not required for this
project. However, in the event that the Commission does not award AEC a CPCN,
AEC must provide evidence of an executed performance bond equal to the total
amount payable under the CASF award at the time of the first payment request.

 Resolution T-17503 DRAFT 12/17/2015

 CD/WG1

 12

 D. Price Commitment Period

 The minimum required price commitment period for broadband service to all
households within the project area is two years. AEC exceeds the minimum period
and guarantees the price of service offered in the project area for four years.

 E. Project Audit

 The Commission has the right to conduct any necessary audit, verification, and
discovery during project implementation/construction to ensure that CASF funds
are spent in accordance with Commission approval.

 The recipient's invoices will be subject to a financial audit by the Commission
at any time within three years of completion of the work.

 F. Providing Voice Service

 The proposed project will allow AEC to provide landline voice service via Voice
over Internet Protocol (VoIP). AEC commits to adhere to all FCC requirements in
regards to E911 service and must provide equipment with battery backup.

 G. Reporting

 All grantees must submit quarterly progress reports on the status of the
project irrespective of whether grantees request reimbursement or payment.
Before full payment of the project, AEC must submit a project completion report.
Progress reports shall use the schedule for deployment, major construction
milestones and costs submitted in the proposal; indicate the actual date of
completion of each task/milestone as well as problems and issues encountered,
and the actions taken to resolve these problems and issues during project
implementation and construction; and identify future risks to the project.

 Recipients shall also include test results on the download and upload speeds on
a CBG and zip code basis in the final completion report. AEC must certify that
each progress report is true and correct under penalty of perjury.

 H. Submission of Form 477

 The FCC currently requires broadband providers to biannually submit the Form
477, which includes speed data. While there is an imperfect match between the
data that is

 Resolution T-17503 DRAFT 12/17/2015

 CD/WG1

 13

 reported in the Form 477 and to the CASF, the Form 477 data will be useful in
documenting CASF deployment for the service providers new service. Pursuant to
General Order 66-C, service providers in California must submit a copy of their
Form 477 data directly to the CPUC concurrent with their submission of the same
data to the FCC for a five-year period after completion of the project.17

 VI. Compliance Requirements

 Submission of invoices from and payments to AEC shall be made at 25-percent
completion intervals, in accordance with Section XI of Appendix 1 of D.12-02-015
and according to the guidelines and supporting documentation required in
D.12-02-015.

 Payment to AEC shall follow the process adopted for funds created under P. U.
Code &sect;270. Payments are generally processed by the Commission, including CD
and Administrative Services review time, within 20-25 business days. The State
Controller's Office (SCO) requires an additional 14- 21 days to issue payment
from the day that requests are received by SCO from Administrative Services.

 VII. Comments on Draft Resolution

 In compliance with Public Utilities Code &sect; 311(g), a notice letter was
e-mailed on MMM DD, 2015, informing all parties on the CASF Distribution List of
the availability of the draft of this resolution for public comments at the
Commission's website at http://www.cpuc.ca.gov/PUC/documents/. This letter also
informed parties that the final conformed Resolution adopted by the Commission
will be posted and available at this same website.

 VIII. Findings

 1. AEC filed an application for CASF funding for its Connect Anza Project on
July 16, 2015. The proposed project will improve speeds by installing a
fiber-to-the-premise system capable of symmetrical 50 Mbps download/upload
service to upwards of 3,751 households in the unincorporated communities of
Anza, Aguanga, Lake Riverside Estates, and Reed Valley in Western Riverside
County. This system would provide broadband Internet service to an area that is

 17 Approval of the California Advanced Services Fund (CASF) Application
Requirements and Scoring Criteria for Awarding CASF Funds (2008) Cal. P.U.C.
Res. No. T-17143 at 4.

 Resolution T-17503 DRAFT 12/17/2015

 CD/WG1

 14

 currently underserved. The CBGs impacted by the project are 060650444021,
060650444022, 060650444023, 060650444031, 060650444032 and 060650444033.

 2. CD posted the proposed project area map, CBGs and zip codes by county for
the AEC Connect Anza Project on the Commission's CASF webpage under &ldquo;CASF
Application Project Summaries&rdquo; on July 17, 2015. CD received no challenges
to this project.

 3. CD reviewed and analyzed data submitted for the AEC Connect Anza Project's
CASF grant application to determine the project's eligibility for CASF funding.
This data included, but was not limited to: descriptions of current and proposed
broadband infrastructure; geographic information system (GIS) formatted
shapefiles mapping the project areas; assertion that the area is underserved;
number of potential subscriber households and average incomes; project
construction schedule; project budget; proposed pricing and commitment period
for new subscribers; and financial viability of the applicant.

 4. CD reviewed the submitted shapefiles, which mapped the proposed broadband
deployment using United States 2010 Census data and the California Interactive
Broadband Availability Maps, with availability data current as of June 30, 2014.
These maps helped to verify the availability and speed of any broadband service,
where available. The project area was determined to be underserved.

 5. Based on its review, CD determined that the project qualifies for funding
under D. 12-02-015 and recommends Commission approval of CASF funding for AEC's
Connect Anza Project.

 6. AEC is required to comply with all guidelines, requirements, and conditions
associated with the granting of CASF funds as specified in D.12-02-015 and must
submit the FCC Form 477, as specified in T-17143.

 7. The Commission finds CD's recommendation to fund AEC's project, as
summarized in Appendix A, to be reasonable and consistent with Commission orders
and, therefore, adopts such recommendation.

 8. The Commission has determined that the project is categorically exempt from
CEQA review, under Sections 15301, 15303 and 15304 of the CEQA Guidelines
because the project involves minor modifications to existing structures and
facilities and possibly a minor amount of trenching where the surface will be
restored to existing conditions.

 Resolution T-17503 DRAFT 12/17/2015

 CD/WG1

 15

 9. AEC will be required to show evidence of a performance bond at time of first
payment if its CPCN application is not been granted. If the CPCN is granted, AEC
is not required to post a performance bond because 40% of the total project cost
will be financed through AEC's existing capital budget.

 10. A notice letter was e-mailed on November 13, 2015, informing all applicants
filing for CASF funding, parties on the CASF distribution list of the
availability of the draft of this Resolution for public comments at the
Commission's website http://www.cpuc.ca.gov/PUC/documents/. This letter also
informed parties that the final confirmed Resolution adopted by the Commission
will be posted and available at this same website.

 THEREFORE, IT IS ORDERED that:

 1. The Commission shall award $2,662,450 to AEC for the Connect Anza Project as
described herein and summarized in Appendix A of this Resolution.

 2. The program fund payment of $2,662,450 for this project in underserved areas
shall be paid out of the CASF Infrastructure Grant Account in accordance with
the guidelines adopted in D.12-02-015, including compliance with CEQA.

 3. Payments to the CASF recipient shall be in accordance with Section XI of
Appendix 1 of D.12-02-015 and in accordance with the process defined in the
&ldquo;Payments to CASF Recipients&rdquo; section of this Resolution.

 4. The CASF fund recipient, AEC, shall comply with all guidelines, requirements
and conditions associated with the CASF funds award as specified in D.12-02-015
and must submit the FCC Form 477 to the Commission, as specified in Resolution
T-17143.

 Resolution T-17503 DRAFT 12/17/2015

 CD/WG1

 16

 This Resolution is effective today.

 I hereby certify that this Resolution was adopted by the Public Utilities
Commission at its regular meeting on December 17, 2015. The following
Commissioners approved it:

 TIMOTHY J. SULLIVAN

 Executive Director

 Resolution T-17503

 CD/WG1

 APPENDIX

 Resolution T-17503

 CD/WG1

 Appendix A-1

 APPENDIX A

 Resolution T-17503

 Anza Electric Cooperative, Connect Anza Project

 CASF Applicant Key Information Project Name AEC Connect Anza Project

 Project Plan

 Connect Anza will deploy a fiber optic cable on existing poles and rights of
way and establish a network of sufficient capacity to establish high speed,
quality Internet service for Anza Electric Cooperatives (AEC's) existing service
territory located wholly within western Riverside County.

 Project Size (in square miles)

 213

 Download/Upload speed

 50 Mbps / 50 Mbps

 Location

 Riverside County

 Community Names

 The unincorporated communities of Anza, Aguanga, Lake Riverside Estates, and
Reed Valley

 Census Block Groups

 060650444021, 060650444022, 060650444023, 060650444031, 060650444032,
060650444033

 Weighted Median Household Income

 $48,038

 Zip Codes

 92536, 92539, 92544

 Estimated potential subscriber size

 3,751 households

 Applicant expectations

 1,500 households

 Pricing Plan

 Residential Monthly Charge:

 Standalone: $ 49.99/mo

 With Voice: $ 69.99/mo

 Small Business Charge:

 Standard: $109.99/mo

 With Voice: Additional $35 per line

 (no installation or modem fees)

 Deployment Schedule (from Commission approval date)

 24 months

 Proposed Project Budget (Total)

 $4,437,418.02

 Amount of CASF funds requested (60 percent)

 $2,662,450.81

 Applicant funded (40 percent)

 $1,774,967.21

 Resolution T-17503

 CD/WG1

 Appendix B-1

 Appendix B

 Resolution T-17503 AEC Connect Anza

 Project location map

 Resolution T-17503

 CD/WG1

 Appendix C-1

 Appendix C

 Resolution T-17503 AEC Connect Anza

 Existing broadband download speeds

 Resolution T-17503

 CD/WG1

 Appendix C-1

 Appendix D - Applicant Provided Mobile Speed Tests

 Resolution T-17503

 CD/WG1

 Appendix A-1

 Resolution T-17503

 CD/WG1

 Appendix A-1

 Resolution T-17503

 CD/WG1

 Appendix A-1



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: November 24, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              575 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           November 21, 2015 Saturday

California Public Utilities Commission notice; The Communications Division has
prepared Resolution T-17503 for the December 17, 2015, Commission Meeting.

LENGTH: 6273 words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Sacramento: California Public Utilities Commission has issued the following
notice:



 Resolution T-17503 DRAFT Agenda ID# 14468

 CD/WG1

 154995389

 PUBLIC UTILITIES COMMISSION OF THE STATE OF CALIFORNIA

 Communications Division

 RESOLUTION T-17503

 Broadband, Policy and Analysis Branch

 DATE December 17, 2015

 R E S O L U T I O N

 Resolution T-17503: Approval of funding for the grant application of Anza
Electric Cooperative, Inc. from the California Advanced Services Fund (CASF) in
the amount of $2,662,450 for the Connect Anza Project, located in a CASF
&ldquo;priority area.&rdquo;



 __________________________________________________________________

 I. Summary

 This Resolution approves funding in the amount of $2,662,450 from the
California Advanced Service Fund (CASF) in response to the grant application
from Anza Electric Cooperative, Inc. (AEC) which proposes to install a
fiber-to-the-premises (FTTP) system in the unincorporated communities of Anza,
Aguanga, Lake Riverside Estates, and Reed Valley in Western Riverside County (
Connect Anza Project). The Connect Anza Project will extend 50 Mbps and above
broadband service to approximately 3,751 households spread over 213 square miles
in the Anza Valley at a cost of $710 per household in CASF subsidies. The Anza
Valley is located 13 miles south of Idyllwild, approximately 35 miles southwest
of Palm Springs and 120 miles southeast of Los Angeles. The Connect Anza project
will also provide substantial safety and health benefits including, but not
limited to, resilient high capacity broadband infrastructure that will provide
access to e-health services and voice service that will meet all safety
standards, including E911.

 II. Background

 On December 20, 2007, the California Public Utilities Commission, in Decision
(D.) 07-12-054, established the CASF program as a two-year program to provide
funds for the

 Resolution T-17503 DRAFT 12/17/2015

 CD/WG1

 2

 deployment of broadband infrastructure in unserved and underserved areas in
California.

 On September 25, 2010, Governor Schwarzenegger signed Senate Bill (SB) 1040,1
which codified the CASF program and expanded it to include three accounts: (1)
the Infra-structure Grant Account, (2) the Consortia Grant Account, and (3) the
Revolving Loan Account. The latter two accounts are intended to address the
needs that were unmet under the original CASF program. SB 1040 also expanded the
CASF fund from $100 million to $225 million, adding $100 million to the
Infrastructure Grant Account and allocating $10 million and $15 million to the
Consortia Grant Account and the Revolving Loan Account, respectively.2

 On February 1, 2012, the Commission approved D.12-02-015 to implement new
guidelines for the Infrastructure Grant and Revolving Loan Accounts. Key
provisions of the decision include:

 [#xf0b7] A maximum CASF grant award of 70 percent of project costs for unserved
areas and 60 percent for underserved areas; and,

 [#xf0b7] A definition of an underserved area, &ldquo;where broadband is
available, but no wireline or wireless facilities-based provider offers service
at advertised speeds of at least 6 megabits per second (Mbps) downstream and 1.5
Mbps upstream (6 Mbps /1.5 Mbps).&rdquo;

 Subsequently, on June 26, 2014, the Commission approved Resolution T-17443,
which (relevant to this resolution) opened the CASF Broadband Infrastructure
Grant Account to new applications as of December 1, 2014, and offered existing
providers a &ldquo;right of first refusal&rdquo; to upgrade service in unserved
and underserved areas.3

 On July 16, 2015, AEC submitted an application for CASF funding to bring
symmetrical 50 Mbps and above broadband service to the homes and businesses of
the unincorporated communities of Anza, Aguanga, Lake Riverside Estates, and
Reed Valley via a FTTP connection. No existing provider made a commitment to
upgrade service before the November 1, 2014, &ldquo;first refusal&rdquo;
deadline. Because of this, CD

 1 Stats. 2010, c. 317, codified at Public Utilities (P.U.) Code &sect; 281

 2 P.U. Code &sect; 281(b)(1).

 3 The Commission later issued D.14-02-018 to implement provisions in Senate
Bill 740 (Padilla, Stats 2013, Chapter 522), which amended P.U. Code &sect; 281
and expanded eligibility for CASF Infrastructure Grants/Loans to non-telephone
corporations.

 Resolution T-17503 DRAFT 12/17/2015

 CD/WG1

 3

 determined the proposed project area to be &ldquo;underserved&rdquo; and
eligible for new applications.

 On September 17, 2015, Anza modified their application. The initial application
proposed to serve a 319 square mile area which includes the California State
Route 74 'Pines to Palms' state scenic highway. Given that a categorical CEQA
exemption cannot be granted for above-ground fiber projects along scenic
highways, Anza modified their application to exclude the Highway 74 corridor.
This modification reduced the total project area to 213 square miles. The
applicant estimates a 10 percent reduction in the number of households to be
served (an estimated 375 households) given the 106 mile modification.

 III. Notice/Protests

 On July 17, 2015, CD posted the proposed project area map, census block groups
(CBGs) and zip codes for the Connect Anza Project on the Commission's CASF
webpage under &ldquo;CASF Application Project Summaries&rdquo; and also sent
notice regarding the project to its electronic service list. CD did not receive
any challenges to the proposed project.4

 IV. Discussion

 This Resolution adopts CD's recommended award of $2,662,450 in a CASF grant for
the Connect Anza Project. This award represents 60 percent of the applicant's
estimated total project cost of $4,437,418. Key project information and maps are
shown in Appendix A.

 A. Applicant and Project Overview

 AEC5 currently owns and distributes electricity using over 700 miles of line in
Southwest Riverside County covering the areas of Anza, Garner Valley, Pinyon,
Alpine Village, Royal Carrizo and parts of Aguanga. AEC proposes to deploy a
fiber optic

 4 CD received an email after the challenge period from an individual who has a
small fixed wireless and satellite reseller business in Anza, CA. He did not
challenge the project but, instead, expressed opposition to the fixed wireless
portion of the project, noting the presence of the two small local wireless
providers (MtPalomar.net and Wireless Internet Pro) who do advertise up to
served speeds in some locations. The two providers do not provide data to the
Commission and staff has no way of validating their service.

 5 AEC is an incorporated non-profit 501(c) (12) electricity (member-owned)
cooperative. According to the AEC website
(http://www.anzaelectric.org/content/about-us), AEC provides power to 3900
homes, schools, businesses and 20 irrigation loads.

 Resolution T-17503 DRAFT 12/17/2015

 CD/WG1

 4

 network on its existing poles and rights of way and establish a network of
sufficient capacity to establish high speed, quality Internet service for
customers in AEC's electrical service territory. Anza also proposes to serve
approximately 170 transient residences (trailer homes) using a fixed wireless
installation6.

 AEC requested a CASF grant of $2,662,450.81, which is 60 percent of the total
project costs ($4,437,418.02), with matching AEC funding of $1,774,967. If this
project is approved, the project will reach an estimated 3,751 households,7 with
all customers capable of achieving speeds of at least 50 Mbps on both downloads
and uploads which is above the Commission-defined &ldquo;served&rdquo; threshold
of 6 Mbps download/1.5 Mbps upload.

 The Connect Anza project will directly benefit the Cahuilla band of Indians
whose reservation in within the project area. The reservation contains an
estimated8 70 households as well as the Cahuilla Creek Casino and tribal
buildings.

 B. Project Qualification

 To qualify for the CASF program, an applicant is required to submit proof that
the area is unserved or underserved by submitting shapefiles of the proposed
project. CD reviews the submitted shapefiles and compares them with United
States 2010 Census data and the California Interactive Broadband Availability
map.9 Once CD determines that the area is eligible either as an unserved or
underserved area, CD evaluates all other information the applicant has submitted
to determine if the project meets the requirements outlined in D.12-02-015. CD
reviews other information including: descriptions of current and proposed
broadband infrastructure; number of potential subscriber households and average
income; project construction schedule; project budget; proposed pricing and
commitment period for new subscribers; and financial viability of the applicant.


 As an initial step in the review of AEC's application, CD reviewed the CBGs
submitted in the project application and determined that the project was indeed
not served at adequate speeds via wireline or fixed wireless providers. With
regard to mobile service,

 6 The number of trailer homes served and the information that the residents who
live in the trailer homes are transient was stated by the applicant.

 7 The total number of households as recorded in the US 2010 census for census
block group areas to be served by the proposed project.

 8 Total number of households on the Cahuilla Reservation estimated by the
applicant.

 9 Here, CD consulted the latest version of the California Interactive Broadband
Availability Map, with data current as of June 30, 2014.

 Resolution T-17503 DRAFT 12/17/2015

 CD/WG1

 5

 however, the California Interactive Broadband Availability Map indicates that
55% of the proposed project area may be served by Verizon and/or AT&T Mobility
wireless service10. The applicant disputed that the area is served by providing
mobile field tests using the CalSPEED app.11

 The applicant provided 43 CalSPEED tests conducted on July 3, 2015 (see
Appendix D for a list of speed test results). All of the test results showed
unserved or underserved speeds within the project area. This finding, when
combined with the fact that there were no challenges to the project, led staff
to recommend that the area be considered underserved by mobile broadband.

 C. Project Evaluation and Recommendation for Funding

 CD evaluated AEC's application with respect to the scoring criteria defined in
D.12-02-015, Appendix 1, Section VIII (Scoring Criteria). The scoring criteria
includes: (i) Funds Requested per Potential Customer; (ii) Speed, (iii)
Financial Viability; (iv) Pricing; (v) Total Number of Households in the
Proposed Area; (vi) Timeliness of Completion of Project; (vii) Guaranteed
Pricing Period; and (viii) Low-Income Areas. Five bonus points are also added to
an applicant's score if local government and community endorsements or letters
of support are submitted. CD also conducted qualitative evaluation of the
project area, existing infrastructure, and community needs.

 The Community. The unincorporated communities of Anza, Aguanga, Lake Riverside
Estates and Reed Valley are located in the high desert southwest of the San
Jacinto Mountains. Anza Valley is located in the high desert southwest of the
San Jacinto Mountains. Coachella Valley (which includes the city of Palm
Springs) lies on the east side of the San Jacinto Mountains. Los Angeles is
approximately 120 miles northwest and San Diego is approximately 75 miles to the
southwest of the proposed project area. The project area is just north of the
San Diego County border in southwestern Riverside County.

 The communities within the project boundary have approximately 3,751 households
with a total population of 9,701 (using 2010 US Census data). For the Census
Designated Place (CDP) of Anza (population 3,040 as reported in the 2010 US
Census), 8.3 percent of the population is 18 years of age or younger, 66 percent
is between the

 10 Mobile broadband coverage is based on either the advertised maximum mobile
provider speed or the speed interpolated from CPUC mobile speed testing points
(using the mean - 1 standard deviation of all speed readings for that point),
whichever is least.

 11 CalSPEED is the Commission's mobile application that is used to test mobile
broadband speeds.

 Resolution T-17503 DRAFT 12/17/2015

 CD/WG1

 6

 ages of 18 and 62, and 26 percent is 62 years and above. The smaller CDP of
Aguanga (population 1,128 per the 2010 Census) had an even higher percentage of
the population 62 years and older (41 percent). The applicant noted that there
is large number of retired people in the community. The Cahuilla Indian
Reservation is within the project area.

 Based on the information provided in AEC's application, local economic activity
is minimal and a large percentage of the working population commutes out of the
area. Referring to the census data for Anza CDP, 65 percent of the working
population's commute time is 30 minutes or more, with the mean travel time to
work at 41 minutes. The US 2010 Census reported the median household income
(MHI) (per census block data) is $48,038 which is 79 percent of the state MHI
average. However, the poverty rate for Anza CDP is reported at 11.5 percent
which is below the state average (15.9 percent).

 The Connect Anza project area includes two public schools; the Hamilton High
School and the Hamilton Elementary School. According to the California
Department of Education, total enrollment at Hamilton High School is 326 and at
the Elementary School it is 445. The proposed project area also includes a small
K-12 Christian school and a private religious university (Olivet University)
whose current enrollment is 120 students and a projected enrollment of 2,000.
There is also a public library, two fire stations and large California
Department of Corrections and Rehabilitation Conservation (Fire) Camp (with a
maximum capacity of 120 inmates).

 The Connect Anza project will increase Internet capacity and enable local
students to take advantage of open-sourced educational materials, thus helping
the area bridge the digital divide. The local public schools already have a
fiber connection through the CENIC12 network. However, the schools have
expressed support for this project due to the opportunities provided to the
students. A robust internet connection will allow students to utilize online
teaching materials and techniques which they cannot currently access and use at
home. Students and parents will be able to utilize online services to organize
class assignments, check grades and communicate with teachers. Given the rural
nature of the community and the substantial distances between schools and
residences, reliable broadband access will allow students to learn at home
without the need to travel to the school. Additionally free Internet access will
be available at the local library and community hall.13

 12 See the CENIC website for a description of their network
(http://cenic.org/about/about-overview).

 13 AEC has committed to providing free Internet access for the community hall
and community park.

 Resolution T-17503 DRAFT 12/17/2015

 CD/WG1

 7

 Olivet University is a religious institution located in the project area.
Olivet University has stated to the applicant that they will leverage the Anza
project fiber network to enable online access and education at the university, a
service that is not currently available.

 CD has received 70 letters of support for the Connect Anza project. CD's review
of the letters of support revealed numerous complaints about the poor quality of
Internet service in the area as well as the lack of broadband choices. Another
theme portrayed in the letters of support for this CASF proposed project was
AEC's dependability for affordable and reliable energy utility service,
including the community's overarching confidence in AEC.

 Further, the Inland Empire Regional Broadband Consortium recommended the
communities of Anza and Aguanga as priority areas for CASF funding and fully
supports the proposed project. They noted how vital this project is to the
area's long term viability given the needs and opportunities that this project
will address related to telemedicine, education, economic development, fire and
police communications as well as benefiting the Cahuilla Native American tribes.
The project is also supported by elected officials at the local, state and
federal level.

 Pricing and Affordability. AEC has committed to a broadband pricing plan under
the terms shown below, for four years starting from the beginning date of
service. There is no long-term commitment required by the consumer.

 Service Type

 Broadband Speed

 (in Mbps)

 Monthly Charge: Standalone Broadband

 Monthly Charge:

 Bundled with Voice

 Residential

 50 down / 50 up

 $49.99

 $69.99

 Small Business

 100 down / 50 up

 $109.99

 $144.99

 Commercial

 500 down / 500 up

 $2,000.00

 $2,000.00

 Activation and installation (all types): Waived

 Modem charge: No monthly residential or business equipment fee.

 Voice service includes unlimited calling in the United States and to Canada.

 The applicant estimates that about 40 percent of households in the area would
purchase AEC's service because of the area's underserved status. This take
rate14 may actually be

 14 The &ldquo;take rate&rdquo; is the percentage of potential subscribers who
are offered the service that actually do subscribe to the service.

 Resolution T-17503 DRAFT 12/17/2015

 CD/WG1

 8

 higher for a number of reasons. Given that AEC is the long-standing local
utility for electrical service, area residents are familiar with the AEC. AEC is
member-owned and the members voted to change the company's by-laws for the
purpose of providing this service. Given the large percentage of residents who
commute out of the area, robust broadband access would provide an opportunity
for telecommuting.

 The Applicant. AEC is a not-for-profit business with six decades of experience
providing affordable and reliable energy service. AEC owns and maintains over
10,000 poles and other structures necessary for the installation of the cable,
as well as easements necessary to route the system through. AEC already has a
3-mile segment of fiber installed in the downtown Anza area that provides
Internet service free of charge to the Anza Civic Improvement League, the
Community Center Building and a fire station.15 Based on this information, CD
determined that AEC has relevant experience and infrastructure for successfully
installing and operating a high speed fiber optic network to the premises.

 Financial Viability. AEC determined that the project is economically feasible
with a CASF grant of $2,662,450, which is 60 percent of the total project costs,
to match AEC's investment of $1,774,967.

 CD reviewed submitted balance sheet, income, cash flow statements and other
financial viability variables for AEC and concluded that AEC has the existing
capital resources for the 40 percent required matching funds to construct the
Connect Anza project, as well as a sound financial framework for future
operations. Therefore, staff determined that the risk that this project would
encounter financial problems, such as the project not being completed or
maintained over time, is minimal.

 Key Characteristics. CD found that the Connect Anza Project meets CASF funding
requirements with respect to the following factors:

 [#xf0b7] Speed - the proposed speed offering of 50 Mbps download and 50 Mbps
upload (for residential customers) significantly exceeds the 6/1.5 benchmark set
by the Commission;

 [#xf0b7] Service area - is determined to be underserved and covers 213 square
miles;

 [#xf0b7] Matching Funds(40 percent of project cost) - the applicant will use
existing capital; the submitted balance sheet, income and cash flow statements
show that the applicant is financially viable and has the financial capability
to match the funds;

 15 The Connect Anza broadband project would continue to provide complementary
broadband to these organizations and to the other fire stations in the area.

 Resolution T-17503 DRAFT 12/17/2015

 CD/WG1

 9

 [#xf0b7] Price Commitment Period - the applicant has committed to a pricing
plan of four years, which is two years more than required;

 [#xf0b7] Deployment Schedule - the applicant has submitted detailed planning
documents, including a schedule with clear milestones to indicate that it will
be completed within the required 24-month construction timeline;

 [#xf0b7] Number of Households - This project will potentially reach 3,751
households;

 [#xf0b7] Low Income - The median household income ($48,038) is 79 percent of
the State's median value.

 This project is economical and provides a wide benefit. The CASF per-household
subsidy is $710 per household (based on 3,751 households that will have access).
This state subsidy, when compared to previous subsidies provided through the
CASF program for fiber projects, is low.16 The number of households that Anza
proposes to pass would be the fourth largest CASF last-mile project in terms of
households served and the area served in terms of square miles would be the
highest for all approved CASF last-mile projects.

 Based on its review, CD determined that AEC's grant application for the Connect
Anza Project qualifies for funding as an underserved area and meets the
requirements of D.12-02-015. CD staff further finds that funding the Connect
Anza Project aligns with CASF's goal to encourage the deployment of high-quality
advanced information and communications technologies to all Californians to
promote economic growth, job creation, and substantial social benefits.

 D. Safety Considerations

 The CASF program encourages the deployment of broadband throughout the State
which can enable the public to access important information in the event of an
emergency, access to emergency services, and allow first responders to
communicate with each other and collaborate during emergencies. As the
Governor's Broadband Task Force stated in its 2007 report, ubiquitous broadband
will play a key role in enhancing public safety operations and applications in
law enforcement, disaster relief, traffic management, and virtually every other
aspect of public safety.

 The census-designated communities of Anza and Aguanga and the communities of
Lake Riverside Estates, and Reed Valley have no local medical clinics. The
nearest facilities are located either in Hemet or Murrieta, both of which are
50-plus minutes by

 16 In reference of the cost of fiber projects funded through the CASF grant
program, the subsidy provided to the Connect Anza project when compared to the
per household subsidy for the other funded fiber projects, is18 percent of the
median and 8 percent of the mean cost per household.

 Resolution T-17503 DRAFT 12/17/2015

 CD/WG1

 10

 car on windy 2-lane roads. Telephone and broadband allows access to these
facilities and providers and can be a critical factor in health and safety
emergencies.

 Additionally, voice service provided as a part of this project would meet all
safety standards, including battery backup, E911 data and access to local PSAPs.


 V. Compliance Requirements

 AEC is required to comply with all the guidelines, requirements, and conditions
associated with the grant of CASF funds as specified in D.12-02-015. Such
compliance includes, but is not limited to:

 A. California Environmental Quality Act (CEQA)

 All CASF grants are subject to CEQA requirements. The Commission must complete
environmental review before funding construction projects, unless the projects
are statutorily or categorically exempt pursuant to the CEQA Guidelines.

 AEC has provided the Commission with their plan to use existing infrastructure
for the installation of a fiber-to-the-premises (FTTP) system in their service
area. Existing electrical infrastructure (with over 700 miles of line and
associated poles) provides power to area residents and businesses. AEC has been
providing power to the area since 1955 and owns most of the existing towers,
buildings, conduits, ducts, rights-of-way, trenches and other facilities (some
poles are owned by Verizon who currently provides telephone service for the
area). AEC will construct its fiber backbone using these existing facilities.
AEC will likewise construct last mile segments in or on existing facilities,
including replacement utility poles (when necessary to meet applicable
engineering and safety standards). AEC anticipates that the only underground
construction that may be required is for short utility extensions. In these
limited instances, AEC may engage in relatively minor ground-disturbing
activities primarily in existing, well-used rights-of-ways and utility easements
in its electric service territory.

 Based on the above information the project qualifies for the following
categorical exemptions from CEQA: This project meets the criteria of the CEQA
categorical exemption for existing facilities (CEQA Guidelines &sect; 15301) and
CEQA Guidelines Section &sect; 15303 - New Construction or Conversion of Small
Structures, involving construction, installation, and/or conversion of limited
numbers of new and/or existing facilities/structures.

 Resolution T-17503 DRAFT 12/17/2015

 CD/WG1

 11

 B. Deployment Schedule

 The Commission expects AEC to complete the project within 24 months from start
date (as determined by the procedure below). If the applicant is unable to
complete the proposed project within the 24 month timeframe requirement
established by the Commission, it must notify the Director of CD as soon as AEC
becomes aware of this possibility. If such notice is not provided, the
Commission may reduce payment for failure to satisfy the requirement by timely
notifying CD's Director.

 C. Execution and Performance

 CD and AEC shall determine a project start date after the CASF grant recipient
has obtained all approvals. Should AEC or any Contractor it retains fail to
commence work by the designated date, upon five days written notice to AEC, the
Commission may terminate the grant. In the event that AEC fails to complete the
project in accordance with the terms of CPUC approval as set forth in this
resolution, AEC shall reimburse some or all of the CASF funds that it has
received.

 AEC must complete all construction covered by the grant on or before the
termination date.

 D. Performance Bond

 The Commission does not require a performance bond if the applicant is a
CPCN/WIR holder and if the applicant certifies that the percentage of the total
project costs it is providing comes from their capital budget and is not
obtained from outside financing. In its application, AEC certified that the
percentage of the total project costs will come from its existing capital
budget.

 On July 17, 2015, AEC also filed an application for a CPCN, which is currently
pending before the Commission.

 If the Commission grants the CPCN, a performance bond is not required for this
project. However, in the event that the Commission does not award AEC a CPCN,
AEC must provide evidence of an executed performance bond equal to the total
amount payable under the CASF award at the time of the first payment request.

 Resolution T-17503 DRAFT 12/17/2015

 CD/WG1

 12

 D. Price Commitment Period

 The minimum required price commitment period for broadband service to all
households within the project area is two years. AEC exceeds the minimum period
and guarantees the price of service offered in the project area for four years.

 E. Project Audit

 The Commission has the right to conduct any necessary audit, verification, and
discovery during project implementation/construction to ensure that CASF funds
are spent in accordance with Commission approval.

 The recipient's invoices will be subject to a financial audit by the Commission
at any time within three years of completion of the work.

 F. Providing Voice Service

 The proposed project will allow AEC to provide landline voice service via Voice
over Internet Protocol (VoIP). AEC commits to adhere to all FCC requirements in
regards to E911 service and must provide equipment with battery backup.

 G. Reporting

 All grantees must submit quarterly progress reports on the status of the
project irrespective of whether grantees request reimbursement or payment.
Before full payment of the project, AEC must submit a project completion report.
Progress reports shall use the schedule for deployment, major construction
milestones and costs submitted in the proposal; indicate the actual date of
completion of each task/milestone as well as problems and issues encountered,
and the actions taken to resolve these problems and issues during project
implementation and construction; and identify future risks to the project.

 Recipients shall also include test results on the download and upload speeds on
a CBG and zip code basis in the final completion report. AEC must certify that
each progress report is true and correct under penalty of perjury.

 H. Submission of Form 477

 The FCC currently requires broadband providers to biannually submit the Form
477, which includes speed data. While there is an imperfect match between the
data that is

 Resolution T-17503 DRAFT 12/17/2015

 CD/WG1

 13

 reported in the Form 477 and to the CASF, the Form 477 data will be useful in
documenting CASF deployment for the service providers new service. Pursuant to
General Order 66-C, service providers in California must submit a copy of their
Form 477 data directly to the CPUC concurrent with their submission of the same
data to the FCC for a five-year period after completion of the project.17

 VI. Compliance Requirements

 Submission of invoices from and payments to AEC shall be made at 25-percent
completion intervals, in accordance with Section XI of Appendix 1 of D.12-02-015
and according to the guidelines and supporting documentation required in
D.12-02-015.

 Payment to AEC shall follow the process adopted for funds created under P. U.
Code &sect;270. Payments are generally processed by the Commission, including CD
and Administrative Services review time, within 20-25 business days. The State
Controller's Office (SCO) requires an additional 14- 21 days to issue payment
from the day that requests are received by SCO from Administrative Services.

 VII. Comments on Draft Resolution

 In compliance with Public Utilities Code &sect; 311(g), a notice letter was
e-mailed on MMM DD, 2015, informing all parties on the CASF Distribution List of
the availability of the draft of this resolution for public comments at the
Commission's website at http://www.cpuc.ca.gov/PUC/documents/. This letter also
informed parties that the final conformed Resolution adopted by the Commission
will be posted and available at this same website.

 VIII. Findings

 1. AEC filed an application for CASF funding for its Connect Anza Project on
July 16, 2015. The proposed project will improve speeds by installing a
fiber-to-the-premise system capable of symmetrical 50 Mbps download/upload
service to upwards of 3,751 households in the unincorporated communities of
Anza, Aguanga, Lake Riverside Estates, and Reed Valley in Western Riverside
County. This system would provide broadband Internet service to an area that is

 17 Approval of the California Advanced Services Fund (CASF) Application
Requirements and Scoring Criteria for Awarding CASF Funds (2008) Cal. P.U.C.
Res. No. T-17143 at 4.

 Resolution T-17503 DRAFT 12/17/2015

 CD/WG1

 14

 currently underserved. The CBGs impacted by the project are 060650444021,
060650444022, 060650444023, 060650444031, 060650444032 and 060650444033.

 2. CD posted the proposed project area map, CBGs and zip codes by county for
the AEC Connect Anza Project on the Commission's CASF webpage under &ldquo;CASF
Application Project Summaries&rdquo; on July 17, 2015. CD received no challenges
to this project.

 3. CD reviewed and analyzed data submitted for the AEC Connect Anza Project's
CASF grant application to determine the project's eligibility for CASF funding.
This data included, but was not limited to: descriptions of current and proposed
broadband infrastructure; geographic information system (GIS) formatted
shapefiles mapping the project areas; assertion that the area is underserved;
number of potential subscriber households and average incomes; project
construction schedule; project budget; proposed pricing and commitment period
for new subscribers; and financial viability of the applicant.

 4. CD reviewed the submitted shapefiles, which mapped the proposed broadband
deployment using United States 2010 Census data and the California Interactive
Broadband Availability Maps, with availability data current as of June 30, 2014.
These maps helped to verify the availability and speed of any broadband service,
where available. The project area was determined to be underserved.

 5. Based on its review, CD determined that the project qualifies for funding
under D. 12-02-015 and recommends Commission approval of CASF funding for AEC's
Connect Anza Project.

 6. AEC is required to comply with all guidelines, requirements, and conditions
associated with the granting of CASF funds as specified in D.12-02-015 and must
submit the FCC Form 477, as specified in T-17143.

 7. The Commission finds CD's recommendation to fund AEC's project, as
summarized in Appendix A, to be reasonable and consistent with Commission orders
and, therefore, adopts such recommendation.

 8. The Commission has determined that the project is categorically exempt from
CEQA review, under Sections 15301, 15303 and 15304 of the CEQA Guidelines
because the project involves minor modifications to existing structures and
facilities and possibly a minor amount of trenching where the surface will be
restored to existing conditions.

 Resolution T-17503 DRAFT 12/17/2015

 CD/WG1

 15

 9. AEC will be required to show evidence of a performance bond at time of first
payment if its CPCN application is not been granted. If the CPCN is granted, AEC
is not required to post a performance bond because 40% of the total project cost
will be financed through AEC's existing capital budget.

 10. A notice letter was e-mailed on November 13, 2015, informing all applicants
filing for CASF funding, parties on the CASF distribution list of the
availability of the draft of this Resolution for public comments at the
Commission's website http://www.cpuc.ca.gov/PUC/documents/. This letter also
informed parties that the final confirmed Resolution adopted by the Commission
will be posted and available at this same website.

 THEREFORE, IT IS ORDERED that:

 1. The Commission shall award $2,662,450 to AEC for the Connect Anza Project as
described herein and summarized in Appendix A of this Resolution.

 2. The program fund payment of $2,662,450 for this project in underserved areas
shall be paid out of the CASF Infrastructure Grant Account in accordance with
the guidelines adopted in D.12-02-015, including compliance with CEQA.

 3. Payments to the CASF recipient shall be in accordance with Section XI of
Appendix 1 of D.12-02-015 and in accordance with the process defined in the
&ldquo;Payments to CASF Recipients&rdquo; section of this Resolution.

 4. The CASF fund recipient, AEC, shall comply with all guidelines, requirements
and conditions associated with the CASF funds award as specified in D.12-02-015
and must submit the FCC Form 477 to the Commission, as specified in Resolution
T-17143.

 Resolution T-17503 DRAFT 12/17/2015

 CD/WG1

 16

 This Resolution is effective today.

 I hereby certify that this Resolution was adopted by the Public Utilities
Commission at its regular meeting on December 17, 2015. The following
Commissioners approved it:

 TIMOTHY J. SULLIVAN

 Executive Director

 Resolution T-17503

 CD/WG1

 APPENDIX

 Resolution T-17503

 CD/WG1

 Appendix A-1

 APPENDIX A

 Resolution T-17503

 Anza Electric Cooperative, Connect Anza Project

 CASF Applicant Key Information Project Name AEC Connect Anza Project

 Project Plan

 Connect Anza will deploy a fiber optic cable on existing poles and rights of
way and establish a network of sufficient capacity to establish high speed,
quality Internet service for Anza Electric Cooperatives (AEC's) existing service
territory located wholly within western Riverside County.

 Project Size (in square miles)

 213

 Download/Upload speed

 50 Mbps / 50 Mbps

 Location

 Riverside County

 Community Names

 The unincorporated communities of Anza, Aguanga, Lake Riverside Estates, and
Reed Valley

 Census Block Groups

 060650444021, 060650444022, 060650444023, 060650444031, 060650444032,
060650444033

 Weighted Median Household Income

 $48,038

 Zip Codes

 92536, 92539, 92544

 Estimated potential subscriber size

 3,751 households

 Applicant expectations

 1,500 households

 Pricing Plan

 Residential Monthly Charge:

 Standalone: $ 49.99/mo

 With Voice: $ 69.99/mo

 Small Business Charge:

 Standard: $109.99/mo

 With Voice: Additional $35 per line

 (no installation or modem fees)

 Deployment Schedule (from Commission approval date)

 24 months

 Proposed Project Budget (Total)

 $4,437,418.02

 Amount of CASF funds requested (60 percent)

 $2,662,450.81

 Applicant funded (40 percent)

 $1,774,967.21

 Resolution T-17503

 CD/WG1

 Appendix B-1

 Appendix B

 Resolution T-17503 AEC Connect Anza

 Project location map

 Resolution T-17503

 CD/WG1

 Appendix C-1

 Appendix C

 Resolution T-17503 AEC Connect Anza

 Existing broadband download speeds

 Resolution T-17503

 CD/WG1

 Appendix C-1

 Appendix D - Applicant Provided Mobile Speed Tests

 Resolution T-17503

 CD/WG1

 Appendix A-1

 Resolution T-17503

 CD/WG1

 Appendix A-1

 Resolution T-17503

 CD/WG1

 Appendix A-1



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: November 21, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              576 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                            December 18, 2009 Friday
                                Suburban Edition

Projects will extend broadband to rural areas;
Administration to spend $7.4 billion in stimulus funds

BYLINE: Cecilia Kang

SECTION: A-SECTION; Pg. A28

LENGTH: 504 words


The Obama administration named 18 projects Thursday that would receive a portion
of the $7.4 billion in stimulus funds set aside to bring high-speed Internet to
poor and rural areas that have been overlooked by Internet service providers.

Analysts say the first batch of funds suggests the federal government is
targeting "middle mile" projects that may not bring lines directly to the home,
but could have even greater impact by connecting entire communities that have
been off the Internet grid. Bringing pipes into homes aren't always as helpful,
some say, if those homes aren't connected to the Internet pipelines that connect
their communities to the rest of the nation.

"Clearly the administration is viewing the middle mile as a way to have a
multiplier effect on broadband distribution," said Paul Gallant, an analyst at
Concept Capital in the District. "In some cases, that the is biggest choke point
preventing broadband deployment to rural areas."

Indeed, of the $183 million in grants announced Thursday, $121 million go to
middle-mile projects. The National Telecommunications and Information
Administration and Department of Agriculture said they would give $51.4 million
in grants that would directly connect homes, hospitals and schools in
Minneapolis; Spokane, Wash.; and Boston. The New Mexico State Library will get
$1.46 million for a project to give Hispanics and Native Americans in 15
communities training on how to use the Web, particularly for Spanish, Navajo and
Pueblo-speaking populations.

Vice President Biden announced the awards during a speech in Dawsonville, Ga.
The government plans to distribute about $2 billion over the next 2 1/2  months.
The remainder of the $7.4 billion has been spent on mapping projects or will be
distributed in a final round of grants in coming months.

"New broadband access means more capacity and better reliability in rural areas
and underserved urban communities around the country. Businesses will be able to
improve their customer service and better compete around the world," Biden said.
"This is what the Recovery Act is all about -- sparking new growth, tapping into
the ingenuity of the American people and giving folks the tools they need to
help build a new economy in the 21st century."

Despite those lofty ambitions, some critics have said the process has taken too
long -- stimulus money was supposed to be used to create jobs quickly, but with
winter setting in, the first fiber-optic lines in many areas cannot be laid
until the ground thaws in the spring.

The administration has tried to speed up the funding process by consolidating
its rounds of funding from three to two. Among the projects to receive funding
in this round is one for $39.7 million that would bring high-speed Internet
service to about 70 rural communities in upstate New York, Pennsylvania and
Vermont.

In northern Georgia, at the foot of the Blue Ridge Mountains, about $33 million
is to be spent on a project to help bring the area's 40,000 homes into the
high-speed Internet age.

LOAD-DATE: December 18, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Maryland

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2009 The Washington Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                              577 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                           Alaska Journal of Commerce

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                            July 29, 2015 Wednesday

Federal grant connects rural hospitals through telecoms

BYLINE: Dj Summers, Alaska Journal of Commerce, Anchorage

SECTION: BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL NEWS

LENGTH: 781 words


July 29--In rural Alaska, primary medical care can be as inaccessible as fast
food. Partnerships between federal government, telecommunications providers, and
medical organizations, however, can ease the isolation and bring primary and
even psychiatric care to the most far-flung Alaska communities.

Alaska Communications Systems Inc., has partnered with the Juneau Alliance for
Mental Health, Inc., or JAMHI, and Sitka Community Hospital to provide the
equipment and necessary bandwidth to give rural patients behavioral and primary
healthcare access.

ACS has a program specifically geared toward coordinating such partnerships in
tandem with its telecommunications services. It also has an existing partnership
with Chugachmiut, a medical and social care tribal consortium that provides care
to Southcentral locations.

The partnership is made possible by a grant from the Department of Health and
Human Services, which receives funds for its Rural Veterans Health Access
Program from the U.S. Health Resources and Services Administration, or HRSA.
Within HRSA is the Office for the Advancement of Telehealth, which subsidizes
telemedicine developments for rural areas.

While the grant focuses on veterans, the expansion of services is community
wide.

"The rationale for this project for rural veterans is that rural veterans don't
have access to behavioral forms of health care," said Susan Maley, who
coordinates the Rural Veterans Health Access Program. "But the system stays in
place. By providing primary care for veterans, it makes it an accessible system
for the entire community."

Telehealth, or telemedicine, administers medical care remotely through internet
or traditional telephone connections. Through video and digitally-enabled
biomedical readings, physicians and nurses in one area are able to provide
primary, urgent, psychiatric, and even intensive care to rural patients without
needing expensive transit for themselves or the patient.

Carts are equipped with hodoscopes and stethoscopes that can instantly send
patient vital signs from remote villages to more fully equipped medical
facilities with expert staff.

"A physician in Miami can listen to your heartbeat in real time," said Alaska
Communications vice president Bill Bishop.

The speedier ACS connection also decreases the lag time for services that
medical facilities already use. According to Bishop, Sitka Community Hospital
used to wait 50 minutes to transmit x-rays to Seattle hospitals for
consultation. With the new connection, the transmission now takes five minutes.

"At the highest level, our telehealth boils down to using technology to improve
medical care to remote villages of Alaska," said Bishop. "Because of the
ruralness of Alaska and its vast size, something like this had to happen."

Maley said most isolated areas simply have no choice but to link patients
through telecoms. Attracting primary care physicians to places like Tanakee
Springs, where JAHMI has installed a medical cart to link veterans with
behavioral care specialists, can be a daunting and expensive task.

"It is the only option," said Maley. "When you have low population rural areas,
there's not the base that would support a higher level of medical practice.
Establishing and maintaining connectivity is a huge issue."

Aside from being less equipped for primary care due to the difficulty of
attracting medical professionals, merely getting patients is cost prohibitive.
In Southeast Alaska, 10 percent of the population is veterans, according to the
most recent U.S. Census data, but only 32 percent of the area is accessible by
roads. Air charter from Prince of Wales to the nearest primary care facility in
Wrangell costs $600.

JAMHI and Sitka Community Hospital, through Alaska Communications-procured
medical carts and connectivity boosts, can cancel out some of the necessary
travel. Apart from the altruism of expanding care, Bishop said hospitals have a
monetary incentive to allow for telehealth operations not only because of the
federal grants money attached, but also because of the opportunities to cut
those costs.

"There's two sides of the price coin," said Bishop. "Where we have a lot of play
is what the federal government will subsidize these rural providers when they
use technology. The second area is not only how it saves them money from federal
subsidy, but how do they practice when they don't have to fly primary care
physicians out to these remote areas. It eliminates most of that travel and
gives that level of care."

___ (c)2015 the Alaska Journal of Commerce (Anchorage, Alaska) Visit the Alaska
Journal of Commerce (Anchorage, Alaska) at www.alaskajournal.com Distributed by
Tribune Content Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: August 3, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20150729-JA-Federal-grant-connects
-rural-hospitals-through-telecoms-0729-20150729

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: JA


                   Copyright 2015 Alaska Journal of Commerce


                              578 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                           The Ledger (Lakeland, FL)

                             July 1, 2003, Tuesday

$ 200,000 GRANT TO HELP EXTEND AUBURNDALE TRAIL; THE MONEY WILL ALSO GO TOWARD
PAVING ANOTHER 2.5 MILES OF THE 7.8-MILE PATH.

BYLINE: MERISSA GREEN The Ledger

SECTION: East Polk; Pg. F1

LENGTH: 512 words


AUBURNDALE -- The Parks and Recreation Department has been awarded a $ 200,000
state grant that will help extend the Auburndale Trail.

Once Auburndale receives the money, which it will have to match, another 2.5
miles of the trail will be paved, said Cindy Hummel, parks and recreation
director.

The sooner Auburndale can connect to the Van Fleet Trail in Polk City, the
better, Hummel said.

"It's good for our citizens," she said. "This will enable them to do more in our
community instead of going someplace else."

Auburndale is the only municipality from Polk to receive the allocation from the
Florida Recreation Development Assistance Program this year, said Terri Messler,
community program administrator for the Florida Department of Environmental
Protection.

Other Polk cities that applied for grant funds include Winter Haven, Haines
City, Davenport, Frostproof, Lake Wales, Dundee and Eagle Lake. The county and
the Lake Region Lakes Management District also applied. Haines City almost made
the list before the Legislature reduced the FRDAP's budget from $ 12 million to
$ 6 million, Messsler said. Statewide, 265 projects were submitted, but only 40
were funded, she said.

"This is a tight budget year," Messler said. "We're happy to have those projects
that were approved."

The city completed a 1.2-mile section of the Auburndale Trail last year. This
year's grant will mean 3.7 miles of the trail will be paved.

The trail will eventually connect to the Van Fleet Trail in Polk City, making
the total distance 7.8 miles, Hummel said. She hopes to have the project
completed by 2005.

The Van Fleet Trail is 29 miles long, ending at State Road 50 in Sumter County.

The city has worked for several years with Tampa Electric Co. and other agencies
on the trail development of the abandoned CSX railroad right of way west of
Berkley Road. The city bought a portion of the right of way between Lake Myrtle
and Braddock Road in 1998.

TECO owns the balance of right of way between the city's property and the Van
Fleet Trail in Polk City. The property was annexed in January 2001. Both TECO
and the city have utilities in the 100-foot-wide parcels between Braddock Road
and an area just south of I-4.

In 2002, Auburndale entered a 30-year lease with TECO that will allow the city
to develop 51/2 miles of property between Braddock Road and I-4.

The lease will cost the city $ 1 per year.

TECO is in discussions with the state Rails-to-Trails program regarding donation
of the 100-foot-wide parcels north of the interstate that would connect with
state property at the Van Fleet Trail.

The Florida Rails-to-Trails program, started in 1987, was designed to purchase
abandoned railroad corridors and other areas.

In addition to hiking paths, such trails are typically used for such
recreational activities as bicycling, horseback riding and wildlife observation.

Later this year, the city will construct parking and restrooms at the trail.

Merissa Green can be reached at merissa.green@theledger.com or at 863-401-6968.


LOAD-DATE: July 2, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PAUL JOHNSON/ The Ledger: With the help of a $ 200,000 state grant, the
Auburndale Trail will be extended in its goal to connect with the Van Fleet
Trail in Polk City.

             Copyright 2003 Lakeland Ledger Publishing Corporation


                              579 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          September 12, 2013 Thursday

Massachusetts: Patrick Administration Announces $4 Million In Funding For Third
Round Of Community Innovation Challenge Grants

LENGTH: 542  words

DATELINE: Boston


Department of Administration and Finance, The State of Massachusetts has issued
the following news release:

Secretary of Administration and Finance Glen Shor today announced the third
round of Community Innovation Challenge (CIC) grants at the September meeting of
the Local Government Advisory Commission. Building on two successful rounds of
CIC grant funding, this round of grants totaling $4 million will help support
local government regionalization projects and other initiatives designed to
deliver local services more effectively and efficiently.

"As a Commonwealth, it is in our shared interest to provide communities with
tools and resources to enhance local government services," said Secretary Shor.
"Governor Patrick is committed to working with cities and towns as well as our
partners in the state legislature to increase local cooperation and make
government at all levels more efficient and effective in the delivery of
services for our residents."

CIC grants provide financial support for one-time or transition costs related to
innovative regionalization and other efficiency initiatives in local
governments. Since 2012, the Patrick Administration has provided $6.25 million
to fund 49 unique projects involving 197 cities and towns across the
Commonwealth. These projects include facilities management, public safety,
public health, education, environmental protection, financial services,
information technology, public works, transportation, library services,
veterans' services, and housing. Examples of successful programs to date
include:

The Manchester-Essex Regional School District received funding to develop an
in-district program for upper elementary school students with dyslexia.  In the
first year of the program, the District saved an estimated $165,000.
    The City of Boston received a grant to expand their Commonwealth Connect App
to 53 other municipalities. Commonwealth Connect is a smart phone app that
encourages civic engagement by allowing residents to interact with municipal
governments by reporting issues such as potholes and down street signs.  The
program also allows municipalities to track how quickly they respond to citizen
requests.
    The Franklin Regional Council of Governments received a $19,900 grant to
work with the Franklin County Sheriff's Office to develop a regional dog officer
and kennel program that serves 10 municipalities.  In the first seven months of
the kennel's operation, 90 dogs were kenneled, 23 were adopted, and the kennel
raised $5,000 in donations.

Regionalization and other efforts to streamline government services have been
increasingly important at the local level. Providing municipalities with the
resources to collaborate on shared initiatives allows for reduced costs,
improved services and increased efficiency. Through programs like the CIC grants
and the 5th Annual Regionalization Conference, state and local officials are
better able to build consensus and increase cooperation necessary to implement
regional services. By improving the effectiveness of shared programs and
services, the Patrick Administration is able to assist municipalities in
maximizing the impact of every dollar spent.

For further information please visit: http://www.mass.gov/anf

LOAD-DATE: September 13, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              580 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           September 10, 2013 Tuesday

Massachusetts: Patrick Administration Announces $4 Million In Funding For Third
Round Of Community Innovation Challenge Grants

LENGTH: 542  words

DATELINE: Boston


Department of Administration and Finance, The State of Massachusetts has issued
the following news release:

Secretary of Administration and Finance Glen Shor today announced the third
round of Community Innovation Challenge (CIC) grants at the September meeting of
the Local Government Advisory Commission. Building on two successful rounds of
CIC grant funding, this round of grants totaling $4 million will help support
local government regionalization projects and other initiatives designed to
deliver local services more effectively and efficiently.

"As a Commonwealth, it is in our shared interest to provide communities with
tools and resources to enhance local government services," said Secretary Shor.
"Governor Patrick is committed to working with cities and towns as well as our
partners in the state legislature to increase local cooperation and make
government at all levels more efficient and effective in the delivery of
services for our residents."

CIC grants provide financial support for one-time or transition costs related to
innovative regionalization and other efficiency initiatives in local
governments. Since 2012, the Patrick Administration has provided $6.25 million
to fund 49 unique projects involving 197 cities and towns across the
Commonwealth. These projects include facilities management, public safety,
public health, education, environmental protection, financial services,
information technology, public works, transportation, library services,
veterans' services, and housing. Examples of successful programs to date
include:

The Manchester-Essex Regional School District received funding to develop an
in-district program for upper elementary school students with dyslexia.  In the
first year of the program, the District saved an estimated $165,000.
    The City of Boston received a grant to expand their Commonwealth Connect App
to 53 other municipalities. Commonwealth Connect is a smart phone app that
encourages civic engagement by allowing residents to interact with municipal
governments by reporting issues such as potholes and down street signs.  The
program also allows municipalities to track how quickly they respond to citizen
requests.
    The Franklin Regional Council of Governments received a $19,900 grant to
work with the Franklin County Sheriff's Office to develop a regional dog officer
and kennel program that serves 10 municipalities.  In the first seven months of
the kennel's operation, 90 dogs were kenneled, 23 were adopted, and the kennel
raised $5,000 in donations.

Regionalization and other efforts to streamline government services have been
increasingly important at the local level. Providing municipalities with the
resources to collaborate on shared initiatives allows for reduced costs,
improved services and increased efficiency. Through programs like the CIC grants
and the 5th Annual Regionalization Conference, state and local officials are
better able to build consensus and increase cooperation necessary to implement
regional services. By improving the effectiveness of shared programs and
services, the Patrick Administration is able to assist municipalities in
maximizing the impact of every dollar spent.

For further information please visit: http://www.mass.gov/anf

LOAD-DATE: September 11, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              581 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                         Gallipolis Daily Tribune, Ohio

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             May 19, 2011 Thursday

Gallia Co. now part of Every Citizen Online project

BYLINE: Gallipolis Daily Tribune, Ohio

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 648 words


May 19--COLUMBUS -- Connect Ohio has announced that Gallia County Economic
Development is now a partner in the statewide Every Citizen Online broadband
training project.

The program received $6.9 million in federal funding, as well as more than $3
million in assistance and contributions from a number of participating entities
across the state, to increase the sustainable adoption of broadband services for
more than 200,000 state residents. Free computer training sessions will be
provided at locations throughout Ohio to introduce new users to a wide range of
communication, education and healthcare tools available online. Interested Ohio
adults are eligible to participate in the program, which is geared toward
first-time computer and broadband users.

"Gallia County Economic Development is thrilled to be partnering with Connect
Ohio and their Every Citizen Online program," director Melissa Clark said. "This
program will provide everyone in the community the opportunity to realize and
take advantage of all the uses and benefits the Internet has to offer. Broadband
expansion is a continued focus for Gallia County Economic Development and we
appreciate the efforts and programs Connect Ohio has put forward to further that
initiative."

Classes are forming now at the Gallia County Job and Family Services Work
Opportunity Center, located at 848 Third Avenue, Gallipolis.

The coursework includes two three-hour sessions covering computer basics, an
introduction to the Internet and discussions about how broadband can be helpful
in daily life.

Participants can register by calling (740) 446-4612, ext. 257.

"This is an incredibly exciting program for Ohio. Currently, just 66 percent of
Ohio households subscribe to broadband service, leaving more than three million
Ohioans on the wrong side of the digital divide," Connect Ohio Executive
Director Tom Fritz said. "The Every Citizen Online program is an opportunity to
close the gap between those who have computer technology at home and those who
do not, preparing state residents without high-speed Internet for a
technologically-driven society."

Connect Ohio is a non-profit public-private partnership, whose mission is to see
all Ohioans connected to the benefits of high-speed Internet service. Through
the Every Citizen Online program,Connect Ohio is assisting libraries, community
colleges and educational centers with the cost of instructors, computers and
public awareness to provide training to as many as 200,000 new users over the
next two years.

Other partners in the program include the State Library of Ohio, the Ohio
Association of Broadcasters, Ohio Public Television Stations, Ohio Public Radio,
Groundwork Group, the Ohio Public Library Information Network, and a wide
variety of libraries and community colleges across the state. Computer
companies, such as Intel and Microsoft, have expressed interest in the project
and many broadband service providers across Ohio are working to ensure that
participants can easily get online by providing special incentives to first-time
broadband subscribers who complete the training.

Connect Ohio's American Recovery and Reinvestment Act (ARRA) matching grant is
awarded by the U.S. Department ofCommerce's National Telecommunications and
Information Administration's (NTIA) Broadband Technology Opportunities Program
(BTOP). BTOP provides grants to support the deployment of broadband
infrastructure, enhance and expand public computer centers, and encourage
sustainable adoption of broadband service.

For more information visit http://www.connectohio.org.

To see more of the Gallipolis Daily Tribune, go to
http://www.mydailytribune.com/. Copyright (c) 2011, Gallipolis Daily Tribune,
Ohio Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For more information
about the content services offered by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services
(MCT), visit www.mctinfoservices.com.

LOAD-DATE: May 20, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20110519-YQ-Gallia-Co-now-part-of-Every-Citizen-Online-project-0519-20110519

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: YQ


                                 Copyright 2011


                              582 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            December 18, 2015 Friday

California Public Utilities Commission notice; The Communications Division has
prepared Resolution T-17503 for the December 17, 2015, Commission Meeting.

LENGTH: 6201  words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Sacramento: California Public Utilities Commission has issued the following
notice:



 Resolution T-17503 DRAFT Agenda ID# 14468

 CD/WG1

 154995389

 PUBLIC UTILITIES COMMISSION OF THE STATE OF CALIFORNIA

 Communications Division

 RESOLUTION T-17503

 Broadband, Policy and Analysis Branch

 DATE December 17, 2015

 R E S O L U T I O N

 Resolution T-17503: Approval of funding for the grant application of Anza
Electric Cooperative, Inc. from the California Advanced Services Fund (CASF) in
the amount of $2,662,450 for the Connect Anza Project, located in a CASF
"priority area."

 __________________________________________________________________

 I. Summary

 This Resolution approves funding in the amount of $2,662,450 from the
California Advanced Service Fund (CASF) in response to the grant application
from Anza Electric Cooperative, Inc.

(AEC) which proposes to install a fiber-to-the-premises (FTTP) system in the
unincorporated communities of Anza, Aguanga, Lake Riverside Estates, and Reed
Valley in Western Riverside County (Connect Anza Project). The Connect Anza
Project will extend 50 Mbps and above broadband service to approximately 3,751
households spread over 213 square miles in the Anza Valley at a cost of $710 per
household in CASF subsidies. The Anza Valley is located 13 miles south of
Idyllwild, approximately 35 miles southwest of Palm Springs and 120 miles
southeast of Los Angeles. The Connect Anza project will also provide substantial
safety and health benefits including, but not limited to, resilient high
capacity broadband infrastructure that will provide access to e-health services
and voice service that will meet all safety standards, including E911.

 II. Background

 On December 20, 2007, the California Public Utilities Commission, in Decision
(D.) 07-12-054, established the CASF program as a two-year program to provide
funds for the

 Resolution T-17503 DRAFT 12/17/2015

 CD/WG1

 2

 deployment of broadband infrastructure in unserved and underserved areas in
California.

 On September 25, 2010, Governor Schwarzenegger signed Senate Bill (SB) 1040,1
which codified the CASF program and expanded it to include three accounts: (1)
the Infra-structure Grant Account, (2) the Consortia Grant Account, and (3) the
Revolving Loan Account. The latter two accounts are intended to address the
needs that were unmet under the original CASF program. SB 1040 also expanded the
CASF fund from $100 million to $225 million, adding $100 million to the
Infrastructure Grant Account and allocating $10 million and $15 million to the
Consortia Grant Account and the Revolving Loan Account, respectively.2

 On February 1, 2012, the Commission approved D.12-02-015 to implement new
guidelines for the Infrastructure Grant and Revolving Loan Accounts. Key
provisions of the decision include:

 [#xf0b7] A maximum CASF grant award of 70 percent of project costs for unserved
areas and 60 percent for underserved areas; and,

 [#xf0b7] A definition of an underserved area, "where broadband is available,
but no wireline or wireless facilities-based provider offers service at
advertised speeds of at least 6 megabits per second (Mbps) downstream and 1.5
Mbps upstream (6 Mbps /1.5 Mbps)."

 Subsequently, on June 26, 2014, the Commission approved Resolution T-17443,
which (relevant to this resolution) opened the CASF Broadband Infrastructure
Grant Account to new applications as of December 1, 2014, and offered existing
providers a "right of first refusal" to upgrade service in unserved and
underserved areas.3

 On July 16, 2015, AEC submitted an application for CASF funding to bring
symmetrical 50 Mbps and above broadband service to the homes and businesses of
the unincorporated communities of Anza, Aguanga, Lake Riverside Estates, and
Reed Valley via a FTTP connection. No existing provider made a commitment to
upgrade service before the November 1, 2014, "first refusal" deadline. Because
of this, CD

 1 Stats. 2010, c. 317, codified at Public Utilities (P.U.) Code § 281

 2 P.U. Code § 281(b)(1).

 3 The Commission later issued D.14-02-018 to implement provisions in Senate
Bill 740 (Padilla, Stats 2013, Chapter 522), which amended P.U. Code § 281 and
expanded eligibility for CASF Infrastructure Grants/Loans to non-telephone
corporations.

 Resolution T-17503 DRAFT 12/17/2015

 CD/WG1

 3

 determined the proposed project area to be "underserved" and eligible for new
applications.

 On September 17, 2015, Anza modified their application. The initial application
proposed to serve a 319 square mile area which includes the California State
Route 74 'Pines to Palms' state scenic highway. Given that a categorical CEQA
exemption cannot be granted for above-ground fiber projects along scenic
highways, Anza modified their application to exclude the Highway 74 corridor.
This modification reduced the total project area to 213 square miles. The
applicant estimates a 10 percent reduction in the number of households to be
served (an estimated 375 households) given the 106 mile modification.

 III. Notice/Protests

 On July 17, 2015, CD posted the proposed project area map, census block groups
(CBGs) and zip codes for the Connect Anza Project on the Commission's CASF
webpage under "CASF Application Project Summaries" and also sent notice
regarding the project to its electronic service list. CD did not receive any
challenges to the proposed project.4

 IV. Discussion

 This Resolution adopts CD's recommended award of $2,662,450 in a CASF grant for
the Connect Anza Project. This award represents 60 percent of the applicant's
estimated total project cost of $4,437,418. Key project information and maps are
shown in Appendix A.

 A. Applicant and Project Overview

 AEC5 currently owns and distributes electricity using over 700 miles of line in
Southwest Riverside County covering the areas of Anza, Garner Valley, Pinyon,
Alpine Village, Royal Carrizo and parts of Aguanga. AEC proposes to deploy a
fiber optic

 4 CD received an email after the challenge period from an individual who has a
small fixed wireless and satellite reseller business in Anza, CA. He did not
challenge the project but, instead, expressed opposition to the fixed wireless
portion of the project, noting the presence of the two small local wireless
providers (MtPalomar.net and Wireless Internet Pro) who do advertise up to
served speeds in some locations. The two providers do not provide data to the
Commission and staff has no way of validating their service.

 5 AEC is an incorporated non-profit 501(c) (12) electricity (member-owned)
cooperative. According to the AEC website
(http://www.anzaelectric.org/content/about-us), AEC provides power to 3900
homes, schools, businesses and 20 irrigation loads.

 Resolution T-17503 DRAFT 12/17/2015

 CD/WG1

 4

 network on its existing poles and rights of way and establish a network of
sufficient capacity to establish high speed, quality Internet service for
customers in AEC's electrical service territory. Anza also proposes to serve
approximately 170 transient residences (trailer homes) using a fixed wireless
installation6.

 AEC requested a CASF grant of $2,662,450.81, which is 60 percent of the total
project costs ($4,437,418.02), with matching AEC funding of $1,774,967. If this
project is approved, the project will reach an estimated 3,751 households,7 with
all customers capable of achieving speeds of at least 50 Mbps on both downloads
and uploads which is above the Commission-defined "served" threshold of 6 Mbps
download/1.5 Mbps upload.

 The Connect Anza project will directly benefit the Cahuilla band of Indians
whose reservation in within the project area. The reservation contains an
estimated8 70 households as well as the Cahuilla Creek Casino and tribal
buildings.

 B. Project Qualification

 To qualify for the CASF program, an applicant is required to submit proof that
the area is unserved or underserved by submitting shapefiles of the proposed
project. CD reviews the submitted shapefiles and compares them with United
States 2010 Census data and the California Interactive Broadband Availability
map.9 Once CD determines that the area is eligible either as an unserved or
underserved area, CD evaluates all other information the applicant has submitted
to determine if the project meets the requirements outlined in D.12-02-015. CD
reviews other information including: descriptions of current and proposed
broadband infrastructure; number of potential subscriber households and average
income; project construction schedule; project budget; proposed pricing and
commitment period for new subscribers; and financial viability of the applicant.


 As an initial step in the review of AEC's application, CD reviewed the CBGs
submitted in the project application and determined that the project was indeed
not served at adequate speeds via wireline or fixed wireless providers. With
regard to mobile service,

 6 The number of trailer homes served and the information that the residents who
live in the trailer homes are transient was stated by the applicant.

 7 The total number of households as recorded in the US 2010 census for census
block group areas to be served by the proposed project.

 8 Total number of households on the Cahuilla Reservation estimated by the
applicant.

 9 Here, CD consulted the latest version of the California Interactive Broadband
Availability Map, with data current as of June 30, 2014.

 Resolution T-17503 DRAFT 12/17/2015

 CD/WG1

 5

 however, the California Interactive Broadband Availability Map indicates that
55% of the proposed project area may be served by Verizon and/or AT&T Mobility
wireless service10. The applicant disputed that the area is served by providing
mobile field tests using the CalSPEED app.11

 The applicant provided 43 CalSPEED tests conducted on July 3, 2015 (see
Appendix D for a list of speed test results). All of the test results showed
unserved or underserved speeds within the project area. This finding, when
combined with the fact that there were no challenges to the project, led staff
to recommend that the area be considered underserved by mobile broadband.

 C. Project Evaluation and Recommendation for Funding

 CD evaluated AEC's application with respect to the scoring criteria defined in
D.12-02-015, Appendix 1, Section VIII (Scoring Criteria). The scoring criteria
includes: (i) Funds Requested per Potential Customer; (ii) Speed, (iii)
Financial Viability; (iv) Pricing; (v) Total Number of Households in the
Proposed Area; (vi) Timeliness of Completion of Project; (vii) Guaranteed
Pricing Period; and (viii) Low-Income Areas. Five bonus points are also added to
an applicant's score if local government and community endorsements or letters
of support are submitted. CD also conducted qualitative evaluation of the
project area, existing infrastructure, and community needs.

 The Community. The unincorporated communities of Anza, Aguanga, Lake Riverside
Estates and Reed Valley are located in the high desert southwest of the San
Jacinto Mountains. Anza Valley is located in the high desert southwest of the
San Jacinto Mountains. Coachella Valley (which includes the city of Palm
Springs) lies on the east side of the San Jacinto Mountains. Los Angeles is
approximately 120 miles northwest and San Diego is approximately 75 miles to the
southwest of the proposed project area. The project area is just north of the
San Diego County border in southwestern Riverside County.

 The communities within the project boundary have approximately 3,751 households
with a total population of 9,701 (using 2010 US Census data). For the Census
Designated Place (CDP) of Anza (population 3,040 as reported in the 2010 US
Census), 8.3 percent of the population is 18 years of age or younger, 66 percent
is between the

 10 Mobile broadband coverage is based on either the advertised maximum mobile
provider speed or the speed interpolated from CPUC mobile speed testing points
(using the mean - 1 standard deviation of all speed readings for that point),
whichever is least.

 11 CalSPEED is the Commission's mobile application that is used to test mobile
broadband speeds.

 Resolution T-17503 DRAFT 12/17/2015

 CD/WG1

 6

 ages of 18 and 62, and 26 percent is 62 years and above. The smaller CDP of
Aguanga (population 1,128 per the 2010 Census) had an even higher percentage of
the population 62 years and older (41 percent). The applicant noted that there
is large number of retired people in the community. The Cahuilla Indian
Reservation is within the project area.

 Based on the information provided in AEC's application, local economic activity
is minimal and a large percentage of the working population commutes out of the
area. Referring to the census data for Anza CDP, 65 percent of the working
population's commute time is 30 minutes or more, with the mean travel time to
work at 41 minutes. The US 2010 Census reported the median household income
(MHI) (per census block data) is $48,038 which is 79 percent of the state MHI
average. However, the poverty rate for Anza CDP is reported at 11.5 percent
which is below the state average (15.9 percent).

 The Connect Anza project area includes two public schools; the Hamilton High
School and the Hamilton Elementary School. According to the California
Department of Education, total enrollment at Hamilton High School is 326 and at
the Elementary School it is 445. The proposed project area also includes a small
K-12 Christian school and a private religious university (Olivet University)
whose current enrollment is 120 students and a projected enrollment of 2,000.
There is also a public library, two fire stations and large California
Department of Corrections and Rehabilitation Conservation (Fire) Camp (with a
maximum capacity of 120 inmates).

 The Connect Anza project will increase Internet capacity and enable local
students to take advantage of open-sourced educational materials, thus helping
the area bridge the digital divide. The local public schools already have a
fiber connection through the CENIC12 network. However, the schools have
expressed support for this project due to the opportunities provided to the
students. A robust internet connection will allow students to utilize online
teaching materials and techniques which they cannot currently access and use at
home. Students and parents will be able to utilize online services to organize
class assignments, check grades and communicate with teachers. Given the rural
nature of the community and the substantial distances between schools and
residences, reliable broadband access will allow students to learn at home
without the need to travel to the school. Additionally free Internet access will
be available at the local library and community hall.13

 12 See the CENIC website for a description of their network
(http://cenic.org/about/about-overview).

 13 AEC has committed to providing free Internet access for the community hall
and community park.

 Resolution T-17503 DRAFT 12/17/2015

 CD/WG1

 7

 Olivet University is a religious institution located in the project area.
Olivet University has stated to the applicant that they will leverage the Anza
project fiber network to enable online access and education at the university, a
service that is not currently available.

 CD has received 70 letters of support for the Connect Anza project. CD's review
of the letters of support revealed numerous complaints about the poor quality of
Internet service in the area as well as the lack of broadband choices. Another
theme portrayed in the letters of support for this CASF proposed project was
AEC's dependability for affordable and reliable energy utility service,
including the community's overarching confidence in AEC.

 Further, the Inland Empire Regional Broadband Consortium recommended the
communities of Anza and Aguanga as priority areas for CASF funding and fully
supports the proposed project. They noted how vital this project is to the
area's long term viability given the needs and opportunities that this project
will address related to telemedicine, education, economic development, fire and
police communications as well as benefiting the Cahuilla Native American tribes.
The project is also supported by elected officials at the local, state and
federal level.

 Pricing and Affordability. AEC has committed to a broadband pricing plan under
the terms shown below, for four years starting from the beginning date of
service. There is no long-term commitment required by the consumer.

 Service Type

 Broadband Speed

 (in Mbps)

 Monthly Charge: Standalone Broadband

 Monthly Charge:

 Bundled with Voice

 Residential

 50 down / 50 up

 $49.99

 $69.99

 Small Business

 100 down / 50 up

 $109.99

 $144.99

 Commercial

 500 down / 500 up

 $2,000.00

 $2,000.00

 Activation and installation (all types): Waived

 Modem charge: No monthly residential or business equipment fee.

 Voice service includes unlimited calling in the United States and to Canada.

 The applicant estimates that about 40 percent of households in the area would
purchase AEC's service because of the area's underserved status. This take
rate14 may actually be

 14 The "take rate" is the percentage of potential subscribers who are offered
the service that actually do subscribe to the service.

 Resolution T-17503 DRAFT 12/17/2015

 CD/WG1

 8

 higher for a number of reasons. Given that AEC is the long-standing local
utility for electrical service, area residents are familiar with the AEC. AEC is
member-owned and the members voted to change the company's by-laws for the
purpose of providing this service. Given the large percentage of residents who
commute out of the area, robust broadband access would provide an opportunity
for telecommuting.

 The Applicant. AEC is a not-for-profit business with six decades of experience
providing affordable and reliable energy service. AEC owns and maintains over
10,000 poles and other structures necessary for the installation of the cable,
as well as easements necessary to route the system through. AEC already has a
3-mile segment of fiber installed in the downtown Anza area that provides
Internet service free of charge to the Anza Civic Improvement League, the
Community Center Building and a fire station.15 Based on this information, CD
determined that AEC has relevant experience and infrastructure for successfully
installing and operating a high speed fiber optic network to the premises.

 Financial Viability. AEC determined that the project is economically feasible
with a CASF grant of $2,662,450, which is 60 percent of the total project costs,
to match AEC's investment of $1,774,967.

 CD reviewed submitted balance sheet, income, cash flow statements and other
financial viability variables for AEC and concluded that AEC has the existing
capital resources for the 40 percent required matching funds to construct the
Connect Anza project, as well as a sound financial framework for future
operations. Therefore, staff determined that the risk that this project would
encounter financial problems, such as the project not being completed or
maintained over time, is minimal.

 Key Characteristics. CD found that the Connect Anza Project meets CASF funding
requirements with respect to the following factors:

 [#xf0b7] Speed - the proposed speed offering of 50 Mbps download and 50 Mbps
upload (for residential customers) significantly exceeds the 6/1.5 benchmark set
by the Commission;

 [#xf0b7] Service area - is determined to be underserved and covers 213 square
miles;

 [#xf0b7] Matching Funds(40 percent of project cost) - the applicant will use
existing capital; the submitted balance sheet, income and cash flow statements
show that the applicant is financially viable and has the financial capability
to match the funds;

 15 The Connect Anza broadband project would continue to provide complementary
broadband to these organizations and to the other fire stations in the area.

 Resolution T-17503 DRAFT 12/17/2015

 CD/WG1

 9

 [#xf0b7] Price Commitment Period - the applicant has committed to a pricing
plan of four years, which is two years more than required;

 [#xf0b7] Deployment Schedule - the applicant has submitted detailed planning
documents, including a schedule with clear milestones to indicate that it will
be completed within the required 24-month construction timeline;

 [#xf0b7] Number of Households - This project will potentially reach 3,751
households;

 [#xf0b7] Low Income - The median household income ($48,038) is 79 percent of
the State's median value.

 This project is economical and provides a wide benefit. The CASF per-household
subsidy is $710 per household (based on 3,751 households that will have access).
This state subsidy, when compared to previous subsidies provided through the
CASF program for fiber projects, is low.16 The number of households that Anza
proposes to pass would be the fourth largest CASF last-mile project in terms of
households served and the area served in terms of square miles would be the
highest for all approved CASF last-mile projects.

 Based on its review, CD determined that AEC's grant application for the Connect
Anza Project qualifies for funding as an underserved area and meets the
requirements of D.12-02-015. CD staff further finds that funding the Connect
Anza Project aligns with CASF's goal to encourage the deployment of high-quality
advanced information and communications technologies to all Californians to
promote economic growth, job creation, and substantial social benefits.

 D. Safety Considerations

 The CASF program encourages the deployment of broadband throughout the State
which can enable the public to access important information in the event of an
emergency, access to emergency services, and allow first responders to
communicate with each other and collaborate during emergencies. As the
Governor's Broadband Task Force stated in its 2007 report, ubiquitous broadband
will play a key role in enhancing public safety operations and applications in
law enforcement, disaster relief, traffic management, and virtually every other
aspect of public safety.

 The census-designated communities of Anza and Aguanga and the communities of
Lake Riverside Estates, and Reed Valley have no local medical clinics. The
nearest facilities are located either in Hemet or Murrieta, both of which are
50-plus minutes by

 16 In reference of the cost of fiber projects funded through the CASF grant
program, the subsidy provided to the Connect Anza project when compared to the
per household subsidy for the other funded fiber projects, is18 percent of the
median and 8 percent of the mean cost per household.

 Resolution T-17503 DRAFT 12/17/2015

 CD/WG1

 10

 car on windy 2-lane roads. Telephone and broadband allows access to these
facilities and providers and can be a critical factor in health and safety
emergencies.

 Additionally, voice service provided as a part of this project would meet all
safety standards, including battery backup, E911 data and access to local PSAPs.


 V. Compliance Requirements

 AEC is required to comply with all the guidelines, requirements, and conditions
associated with the grant of CASF funds as specified in D.12-02-015. Such
compliance includes, but is not limited to:

 A. California Environmental Quality Act (CEQA)

 All CASF grants are subject to CEQA requirements. The Commission must complete
environmental review before funding construction projects, unless the projects
are statutorily or categorically exempt pursuant to the CEQA Guidelines.

 AEC has provided the Commission with their plan to use existing infrastructure
for the installation of a fiber-to-the-premises (FTTP) system in their service
area. Existing electrical infrastructure (with over 700 miles of line and
associated poles) provides power to area residents and businesses. AEC has been
providing power to the area since 1955 and owns most of the existing towers,
buildings, conduits, ducts, rights-of-way, trenches and other facilities (some
poles are owned by Verizon who currently provides telephone service for the
area). AEC will construct its fiber backbone using these existing facilities.
AEC will likewise construct last mile segments in or on existing facilities,
including replacement utility poles (when necessary to meet applicable
engineering and safety standards). AEC anticipates that the only underground
construction that may be required is for short utility extensions. In these
limited instances, AEC may engage in relatively minor ground-disturbing
activities primarily in existing, well-used rights-of-ways and utility easements
in its electric service territory.

 Based on the above information the project qualifies for the following
categorical exemptions from CEQA: This project meets the criteria of the CEQA
categorical exemption for existing facilities (CEQA Guidelines § 15301) and CEQA
Guidelines Section § 15303 - New Construction or Conversion of Small Structures,
involving construction, installation, and/or conversion of limited numbers of
new and/or existing facilities/structures.

 Resolution T-17503 DRAFT 12/17/2015

 CD/WG1

 11

 B. Deployment Schedule

 The Commission expects AEC to complete the project within 24 months from start
date (as determined by the procedure below). If the applicant is unable to
complete the proposed project within the 24 month timeframe requirement
established by the Commission, it must notify the Director of CD as soon as AEC
becomes aware of this possibility. If such notice is not provided, the
Commission may reduce payment for failure to satisfy the requirement by timely
notifying CD's Director.

 C. Execution and Performance

 CD and AEC shall determine a project start date after the CASF grant recipient
has obtained all approvals. Should AEC or any Contractor it retains fail to
commence work by the designated date, upon five days written notice to AEC, the
Commission may terminate the grant. In the event that AEC fails to complete the
project in accordance with the terms of CPUC approval as set forth in this
resolution, AEC shall reimburse some or all of the CASF funds that it has
received.

 AEC must complete all construction covered by the grant on or before the
termination date.

 D. Performance Bond

 The Commission does not require a performance bond if the applicant is a
CPCN/WIR holder and if the applicant certifies that the percentage of the total
project costs it is providing comes from their capital budget and is not
obtained from outside financing. In its application, AEC certified that the
percentage of the total project costs will come from its existing capital
budget.

 On July 17, 2015, AEC also filed an application for a CPCN, which is currently
pending before the Commission.

 If the Commission grants the CPCN, a performance bond is not required for this
project. However, in the event that the Commission does not award AEC a CPCN,
AEC must provide evidence of an executed performance bond equal to the total
amount payable under the CASF award at the time of the first payment request.

 Resolution T-17503 DRAFT 12/17/2015

 CD/WG1

 12

 D. Price Commitment Period

 The minimum required price commitment period for broadband service to all
households within the project area is two years. AEC exceeds the minimum period
and guarantees the price of service offered in the project area for four years.

 E. Project Audit

 The Commission has the right to conduct any necessary audit, verification, and
discovery during project implementation/construction to ensure that CASF funds
are spent in accordance with Commission approval.

 The recipient's invoices will be subject to a financial audit by the Commission
at any time within three years of completion of the work.

 F. Providing Voice Service

 The proposed project will allow AEC to provide landline voice service via Voice
over Internet Protocol (VoIP). AEC commits to adhere to all FCC requirements in
regards to E911 service and must provide equipment with battery backup.

 G. Reporting

 All grantees must submit quarterly progress reports on the status of the
project irrespective of whether grantees request reimbursement or payment.
Before full payment of the project, AEC must submit a project completion report.
Progress reports shall use the schedule for deployment, major construction
milestones and costs submitted in the proposal; indicate the actual date of
completion of each task/milestone as well as problems and issues encountered,
and the actions taken to resolve these problems and issues during project
implementation and construction; and identify future risks to the project.

 Recipients shall also include test results on the download and upload speeds on
a CBG and zip code basis in the final completion report. AEC must certify that
each progress report is true and correct under penalty of perjury.

 H. Submission of Form 477

 The FCC currently requires broadband providers to biannually submit the Form
477, which includes speed data. While there is an imperfect match between the
data that is

 Resolution T-17503 DRAFT 12/17/2015

 CD/WG1

 13

 reported in the Form 477 and to the CASF, the Form 477 data will be useful in
documenting CASF deployment for the service providers new service. Pursuant to
General Order 66-C, service providers in California must submit a copy of their
Form 477 data directly to the CPUC concurrent with their submission of the same
data to the FCC for a five-year period after completion of the project.17

 VI. Compliance Requirements

 Submission of invoices from and payments to AEC shall be made at 25-percent
completion intervals, in accordance with Section XI of Appendix 1 of D.12-02-015
and according to the guidelines and supporting documentation required in
D.12-02-015.

 Payment to AEC shall follow the process adopted for funds created under P. U.
Code §270. Payments are generally processed by the Commission, including CD and
Administrative Services review time, within 20-25 business days. The State
Controller's Office (SCO) requires an additional 14- 21 days to issue payment
from the day that requests are received by SCO from Administrative Services.

 VII. Comments on Draft Resolution

 In compliance with Public Utilities Code § 311(g), a notice letter was e-mailed
on MMM DD, 2015, informing all parties on the CASF Distribution List of the
availability of the draft of this resolution for public comments at the
Commission's website at http://www.cpuc.ca.gov/PUC/documents/. This letter also
informed parties that the final conformed Resolution adopted by the Commission
will be posted and available at this same website.

 VIII. Findings

 1. AEC filed an application for CASF funding for its Connect Anza Project on
July 16, 2015. The proposed project will improve speeds by installing a
fiber-to-the-premise system capable of symmetrical 50 Mbps download/upload
service to upwards of 3,751 households in the unincorporated communities of
Anza, Aguanga, Lake Riverside Estates, and Reed Valley in Western Riverside
County. This system would provide broadband Internet service to an area that is

 17 Approval of the California Advanced Services Fund (CASF) Application
Requirements and Scoring Criteria for Awarding CASF Funds (2008) Cal. P.U.C.
Res. No. T-17143 at 4.

 Resolution T-17503 DRAFT 12/17/2015

 CD/WG1

 14

 currently underserved. The CBGs impacted by the project are 060650444021,
060650444022, 060650444023, 060650444031, 060650444032 and 060650444033.

 2. CD posted the proposed project area map, CBGs and zip codes by county for
the AEC Connect Anza Project on the Commission's CASF webpage under "CASF
Application Project Summaries" on July 17, 2015. CD received no challenges to
this project.

 3. CD reviewed and analyzed data submitted for the AEC Connect Anza Project's
CASF grant application to determine the project's eligibility for CASF funding.
This data included, but was not limited to: descriptions of current and proposed
broadband infrastructure; geographic information system (GIS) formatted
shapefiles mapping the project areas; assertion that the area is underserved;
number of potential subscriber households and average incomes; project
construction schedule; project budget; proposed pricing and commitment period
for new subscribers; and financial viability of the applicant.

 4. CD reviewed the submitted shapefiles, which mapped the proposed broadband
deployment using United States 2010 Census data and the California Interactive
Broadband Availability Maps, with availability data current as of June 30, 2014.
These maps helped to verify the availability and speed of any broadband service,
where available. The project area was determined to be underserved.

 5. Based on its review, CD determined that the project qualifies for funding
under D. 12-02-015 and recommends Commission approval of CASF funding for AEC's
Connect Anza Project.

 6. AEC is required to comply with all guidelines, requirements, and conditions
associated with the granting of CASF funds as specified in D.12-02-015 and must
submit the FCC Form 477, as specified in T-17143.

 7. The Commission finds CD's recommendation to fund AEC's project, as
summarized in Appendix A, to be reasonable and consistent with Commission orders
and, therefore, adopts such recommendation.

 8. The Commission has determined that the project is categorically exempt from
CEQA review, under Sections 15301, 15303 and 15304 of the CEQA Guidelines
because the project involves minor modifications to existing structures and
facilities and possibly a minor amount of trenching where the surface will be
restored to existing conditions.

 Resolution T-17503 DRAFT 12/17/2015

 CD/WG1

 15

 9. AEC will be required to show evidence of a performance bond at time of first
payment if its CPCN application is not been granted. If the CPCN is granted, AEC
is not required to post a performance bond because 40% of the total project cost
will be financed through AEC's existing capital budget.

 10. A notice letter was e-mailed on November 13, 2015, informing all applicants
filing for CASF funding, parties on the CASF distribution list of the
availability of the draft of this Resolution for public comments at the
Commission's website http://www.cpuc.ca.gov/PUC/documents/. This letter also
informed parties that the final confirmed Resolution adopted by the Commission
will be posted and available at this same website.

 THEREFORE, IT IS ORDERED that:

 1. The Commission shall award $2,662,450 to AEC for the Connect Anza Project as
described herein and summarized in Appendix A of this Resolution.

 2. The program fund payment of $2,662,450 for this project in underserved areas
shall be paid out of the CASF Infrastructure Grant Account in accordance with
the guidelines adopted in D.12-02-015, including compliance with CEQA.

 3. Payments to the CASF recipient shall be in accordance with Section XI of
Appendix 1 of D.12-02-015 and in accordance with the process defined in the
"Payments to CASF Recipients" section of this Resolution.

 4. The CASF fund recipient, AEC, shall comply with all guidelines, requirements
and conditions associated with the CASF funds award as specified in D.12-02-015
and must submit the FCC Form 477 to the Commission, as specified in Resolution
T-17143.

 Resolution T-17503 DRAFT 12/17/2015

 CD/WG1

 16

 This Resolution is effective today.

 I hereby certify that this Resolution was adopted by the Public Utilities
Commission at its regular meeting on December 17, 2015. The following
Commissioners approved it:

 TIMOTHY J. SULLIVAN

 Executive Director

 Resolution T-17503

 CD/WG1

 APPENDIX

 Resolution T-17503

 CD/WG1

 Appendix A-1

 APPENDIX A

 Resolution T-17503

 Anza Electric Cooperative, Connect Anza Project

 CASF Applicant Key Information Project Name AEC Connect Anza Project

 Project Plan

 Connect Anza will deploy a fiber optic cable on existing poles and rights of
way and establish a network of sufficient capacity to establish high speed,
quality Internet service for Anza Electric Cooperatives (AEC's) existing service
territory located wholly within western Riverside County.

 Project Size (in square miles)

 213

 Download/Upload speed

 50 Mbps / 50 Mbps

 Location

 Riverside County

 Community Names

 The unincorporated communities of Anza, Aguanga, Lake Riverside Estates, and
Reed Valley

 Census Block Groups

 060650444021, 060650444022, 060650444023, 060650444031, 060650444032,
060650444033

 Weighted Median Household Income

 $48,038

 Zip Codes

 92536, 92539, 92544

 Estimated potential subscriber size

 3,751 households

 Applicant expectations

 1,500 households

 Pricing Plan

 Residential Monthly Charge:

 Standalone: $ 49.99/mo

 With Voice: $ 69.99/mo

 Small Business Charge:

 Standard: $109.99/mo

 With Voice: Additional $35 per line

 (no installation or modem fees)

 Deployment Schedule (from Commission approval date)

 24 months

 Proposed Project Budget (Total)

 $4,437,418.02

 Amount of CASF funds requested (60 percent)

 $2,662,450.81

 Applicant funded (40 percent)

 $1,774,967.21

 Resolution T-17503

 CD/WG1

 Appendix B-1

 Appendix B

 Resolution T-17503 AEC Connect Anza

 Project location map

 Resolution T-17503

 CD/WG1

 Appendix C-1

 Appendix C

 Resolution T-17503 AEC Connect Anza

 Existing broadband download speeds

 Resolution T-17503

 CD/WG1

 Appendix C-1

 Appendix D - Applicant Provided Mobile Speed Tests

 Resolution T-17503

 CD/WG1

 Appendix A-1

 Resolution T-17503

 CD/WG1

 Appendix A-1

 Resolution T-17503

 CD/WG1

 Appendix A-1



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: December 19, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              583 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            December 18, 2015 Friday

California Public Utilities Commission notice; The Communications Division has
prepared Resolution T-17503 for the December 17, 2015, Commission Meeting.

LENGTH: 6201  words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Sacramento: California Public Utilities Commission has issued the following
notice:



 Resolution T-17503 DRAFT Agenda ID# 14468

 CD/WG1

 154995389

 PUBLIC UTILITIES COMMISSION OF THE STATE OF CALIFORNIA

 Communications Division

 RESOLUTION T-17503

 Broadband, Policy and Analysis Branch

 DATE December 17, 2015

 R E S O L U T I O N

 Resolution T-17503: Approval of funding for the grant application of Anza
Electric Cooperative, Inc. from the California Advanced Services Fund (CASF) in
the amount of $2,662,450 for the Connect Anza Project, located in a CASF
"priority area."

 __________________________________________________________________

 I. Summary

 This Resolution approves funding in the amount of $2,662,450 from the
California Advanced Service Fund (CASF) in response to the grant application
from Anza Electric Cooperative, Inc.

(AEC) which proposes to install a fiber-to-the-premises (FTTP) system in the
unincorporated communities of Anza, Aguanga, Lake Riverside Estates, and Reed
Valley in Western Riverside County (Connect Anza Project). The Connect Anza
Project will extend 50 Mbps and above broadband service to approximately 3,751
households spread over 213 square miles in the Anza Valley at a cost of $710 per
household in CASF subsidies. The Anza Valley is located 13 miles south of
Idyllwild, approximately 35 miles southwest of Palm Springs and 120 miles
southeast of Los Angeles. The Connect Anza project will also provide substantial
safety and health benefits including, but not limited to, resilient high
capacity broadband infrastructure that will provide access to e-health services
and voice service that will meet all safety standards, including E911.

 II. Background

 On December 20, 2007, the California Public Utilities Commission, in Decision
(D.) 07-12-054, established the CASF program as a two-year program to provide
funds for the

 Resolution T-17503 DRAFT 12/17/2015

 CD/WG1

 2

 deployment of broadband infrastructure in unserved and underserved areas in
California.

 On September 25, 2010, Governor Schwarzenegger signed Senate Bill (SB) 1040,1
which codified the CASF program and expanded it to include three accounts: (1)
the Infra-structure Grant Account, (2) the Consortia Grant Account, and (3) the
Revolving Loan Account. The latter two accounts are intended to address the
needs that were unmet under the original CASF program. SB 1040 also expanded the
CASF fund from $100 million to $225 million, adding $100 million to the
Infrastructure Grant Account and allocating $10 million and $15 million to the
Consortia Grant Account and the Revolving Loan Account, respectively.2

 On February 1, 2012, the Commission approved D.12-02-015 to implement new
guidelines for the Infrastructure Grant and Revolving Loan Accounts. Key
provisions of the decision include:

 [#xf0b7] A maximum CASF grant award of 70 percent of project costs for unserved
areas and 60 percent for underserved areas; and,

 [#xf0b7] A definition of an underserved area, "where broadband is available,
but no wireline or wireless facilities-based provider offers service at
advertised speeds of at least 6 megabits per second (Mbps) downstream and 1.5
Mbps upstream (6 Mbps /1.5 Mbps)."

 Subsequently, on June 26, 2014, the Commission approved Resolution T-17443,
which (relevant to this resolution) opened the CASF Broadband Infrastructure
Grant Account to new applications as of December 1, 2014, and offered existing
providers a "right of first refusal" to upgrade service in unserved and
underserved areas.3

 On July 16, 2015, AEC submitted an application for CASF funding to bring
symmetrical 50 Mbps and above broadband service to the homes and businesses of
the unincorporated communities of Anza, Aguanga, Lake Riverside Estates, and
Reed Valley via a FTTP connection. No existing provider made a commitment to
upgrade service before the November 1, 2014, "first refusal" deadline. Because
of this, CD

 1 Stats. 2010, c. 317, codified at Public Utilities (P.U.) Code § 281

 2 P.U. Code § 281(b)(1).

 3 The Commission later issued D.14-02-018 to implement provisions in Senate
Bill 740 (Padilla, Stats 2013, Chapter 522), which amended P.U. Code § 281 and
expanded eligibility for CASF Infrastructure Grants/Loans to non-telephone
corporations.

 Resolution T-17503 DRAFT 12/17/2015

 CD/WG1

 3

 determined the proposed project area to be "underserved" and eligible for new
applications.

 On September 17, 2015, Anza modified their application. The initial application
proposed to serve a 319 square mile area which includes the California State
Route 74 'Pines to Palms' state scenic highway. Given that a categorical CEQA
exemption cannot be granted for above-ground fiber projects along scenic
highways, Anza modified their application to exclude the Highway 74 corridor.
This modification reduced the total project area to 213 square miles. The
applicant estimates a 10 percent reduction in the number of households to be
served (an estimated 375 households) given the 106 mile modification.

 III. Notice/Protests

 On July 17, 2015, CD posted the proposed project area map, census block groups
(CBGs) and zip codes for the Connect Anza Project on the Commission's CASF
webpage under "CASF Application Project Summaries" and also sent notice
regarding the project to its electronic service list. CD did not receive any
challenges to the proposed project.4

 IV. Discussion

 This Resolution adopts CD's recommended award of $2,662,450 in a CASF grant for
the Connect Anza Project. This award represents 60 percent of the applicant's
estimated total project cost of $4,437,418. Key project information and maps are
shown in Appendix A.

 A. Applicant and Project Overview

 AEC5 currently owns and distributes electricity using over 700 miles of line in
Southwest Riverside County covering the areas of Anza, Garner Valley, Pinyon,
Alpine Village, Royal Carrizo and parts of Aguanga. AEC proposes to deploy a
fiber optic

 4 CD received an email after the challenge period from an individual who has a
small fixed wireless and satellite reseller business in Anza, CA. He did not
challenge the project but, instead, expressed opposition to the fixed wireless
portion of the project, noting the presence of the two small local wireless
providers (MtPalomar.net and Wireless Internet Pro) who do advertise up to
served speeds in some locations. The two providers do not provide data to the
Commission and staff has no way of validating their service.

 5 AEC is an incorporated non-profit 501(c) (12) electricity (member-owned)
cooperative. According to the AEC website
(http://www.anzaelectric.org/content/about-us), AEC provides power to 3900
homes, schools, businesses and 20 irrigation loads.

 Resolution T-17503 DRAFT 12/17/2015

 CD/WG1

 4

 network on its existing poles and rights of way and establish a network of
sufficient capacity to establish high speed, quality Internet service for
customers in AEC's electrical service territory. Anza also proposes to serve
approximately 170 transient residences (trailer homes) using a fixed wireless
installation6.

 AEC requested a CASF grant of $2,662,450.81, which is 60 percent of the total
project costs ($4,437,418.02), with matching AEC funding of $1,774,967. If this
project is approved, the project will reach an estimated 3,751 households,7 with
all customers capable of achieving speeds of at least 50 Mbps on both downloads
and uploads which is above the Commission-defined "served" threshold of 6 Mbps
download/1.5 Mbps upload.

 The Connect Anza project will directly benefit the Cahuilla band of Indians
whose reservation in within the project area. The reservation contains an
estimated8 70 households as well as the Cahuilla Creek Casino and tribal
buildings.

 B. Project Qualification

 To qualify for the CASF program, an applicant is required to submit proof that
the area is unserved or underserved by submitting shapefiles of the proposed
project. CD reviews the submitted shapefiles and compares them with United
States 2010 Census data and the California Interactive Broadband Availability
map.9 Once CD determines that the area is eligible either as an unserved or
underserved area, CD evaluates all other information the applicant has submitted
to determine if the project meets the requirements outlined in D.12-02-015. CD
reviews other information including: descriptions of current and proposed
broadband infrastructure; number of potential subscriber households and average
income; project construction schedule; project budget; proposed pricing and
commitment period for new subscribers; and financial viability of the applicant.


 As an initial step in the review of AEC's application, CD reviewed the CBGs
submitted in the project application and determined that the project was indeed
not served at adequate speeds via wireline or fixed wireless providers. With
regard to mobile service,

 6 The number of trailer homes served and the information that the residents who
live in the trailer homes are transient was stated by the applicant.

 7 The total number of households as recorded in the US 2010 census for census
block group areas to be served by the proposed project.

 8 Total number of households on the Cahuilla Reservation estimated by the
applicant.

 9 Here, CD consulted the latest version of the California Interactive Broadband
Availability Map, with data current as of June 30, 2014.

 Resolution T-17503 DRAFT 12/17/2015

 CD/WG1

 5

 however, the California Interactive Broadband Availability Map indicates that
55% of the proposed project area may be served by Verizon and/or AT&T Mobility
wireless service10. The applicant disputed that the area is served by providing
mobile field tests using the CalSPEED app.11

 The applicant provided 43 CalSPEED tests conducted on July 3, 2015 (see
Appendix D for a list of speed test results). All of the test results showed
unserved or underserved speeds within the project area. This finding, when
combined with the fact that there were no challenges to the project, led staff
to recommend that the area be considered underserved by mobile broadband.

 C. Project Evaluation and Recommendation for Funding

 CD evaluated AEC's application with respect to the scoring criteria defined in
D.12-02-015, Appendix 1, Section VIII (Scoring Criteria). The scoring criteria
includes: (i) Funds Requested per Potential Customer; (ii) Speed, (iii)
Financial Viability; (iv) Pricing; (v) Total Number of Households in the
Proposed Area; (vi) Timeliness of Completion of Project; (vii) Guaranteed
Pricing Period; and (viii) Low-Income Areas. Five bonus points are also added to
an applicant's score if local government and community endorsements or letters
of support are submitted. CD also conducted qualitative evaluation of the
project area, existing infrastructure, and community needs.

 The Community. The unincorporated communities of Anza, Aguanga, Lake Riverside
Estates and Reed Valley are located in the high desert southwest of the San
Jacinto Mountains. Anza Valley is located in the high desert southwest of the
San Jacinto Mountains. Coachella Valley (which includes the city of Palm
Springs) lies on the east side of the San Jacinto Mountains. Los Angeles is
approximately 120 miles northwest and San Diego is approximately 75 miles to the
southwest of the proposed project area. The project area is just north of the
San Diego County border in southwestern Riverside County.

 The communities within the project boundary have approximately 3,751 households
with a total population of 9,701 (using 2010 US Census data). For the Census
Designated Place (CDP) of Anza (population 3,040 as reported in the 2010 US
Census), 8.3 percent of the population is 18 years of age or younger, 66 percent
is between the

 10 Mobile broadband coverage is based on either the advertised maximum mobile
provider speed or the speed interpolated from CPUC mobile speed testing points
(using the mean - 1 standard deviation of all speed readings for that point),
whichever is least.

 11 CalSPEED is the Commission's mobile application that is used to test mobile
broadband speeds.

 Resolution T-17503 DRAFT 12/17/2015

 CD/WG1

 6

 ages of 18 and 62, and 26 percent is 62 years and above. The smaller CDP of
Aguanga (population 1,128 per the 2010 Census) had an even higher percentage of
the population 62 years and older (41 percent). The applicant noted that there
is large number of retired people in the community. The Cahuilla Indian
Reservation is within the project area.

 Based on the information provided in AEC's application, local economic activity
is minimal and a large percentage of the working population commutes out of the
area. Referring to the census data for Anza CDP, 65 percent of the working
population's commute time is 30 minutes or more, with the mean travel time to
work at 41 minutes. The US 2010 Census reported the median household income
(MHI) (per census block data) is $48,038 which is 79 percent of the state MHI
average. However, the poverty rate for Anza CDP is reported at 11.5 percent
which is below the state average (15.9 percent).

 The Connect Anza project area includes two public schools; the Hamilton High
School and the Hamilton Elementary School. According to the California
Department of Education, total enrollment at Hamilton High School is 326 and at
the Elementary School it is 445. The proposed project area also includes a small
K-12 Christian school and a private religious university (Olivet University)
whose current enrollment is 120 students and a projected enrollment of 2,000.
There is also a public library, two fire stations and large California
Department of Corrections and Rehabilitation Conservation (Fire) Camp (with a
maximum capacity of 120 inmates).

 The Connect Anza project will increase Internet capacity and enable local
students to take advantage of open-sourced educational materials, thus helping
the area bridge the digital divide. The local public schools already have a
fiber connection through the CENIC12 network. However, the schools have
expressed support for this project due to the opportunities provided to the
students. A robust internet connection will allow students to utilize online
teaching materials and techniques which they cannot currently access and use at
home. Students and parents will be able to utilize online services to organize
class assignments, check grades and communicate with teachers. Given the rural
nature of the community and the substantial distances between schools and
residences, reliable broadband access will allow students to learn at home
without the need to travel to the school. Additionally free Internet access will
be available at the local library and community hall.13

 12 See the CENIC website for a description of their network
(http://cenic.org/about/about-overview).

 13 AEC has committed to providing free Internet access for the community hall
and community park.

 Resolution T-17503 DRAFT 12/17/2015

 CD/WG1

 7

 Olivet University is a religious institution located in the project area.
Olivet University has stated to the applicant that they will leverage the Anza
project fiber network to enable online access and education at the university, a
service that is not currently available.

 CD has received 70 letters of support for the Connect Anza project. CD's review
of the letters of support revealed numerous complaints about the poor quality of
Internet service in the area as well as the lack of broadband choices. Another
theme portrayed in the letters of support for this CASF proposed project was
AEC's dependability for affordable and reliable energy utility service,
including the community's overarching confidence in AEC.

 Further, the Inland Empire Regional Broadband Consortium recommended the
communities of Anza and Aguanga as priority areas for CASF funding and fully
supports the proposed project. They noted how vital this project is to the
area's long term viability given the needs and opportunities that this project
will address related to telemedicine, education, economic development, fire and
police communications as well as benefiting the Cahuilla Native American tribes.
The project is also supported by elected officials at the local, state and
federal level.

 Pricing and Affordability. AEC has committed to a broadband pricing plan under
the terms shown below, for four years starting from the beginning date of
service. There is no long-term commitment required by the consumer.

 Service Type

 Broadband Speed

 (in Mbps)

 Monthly Charge: Standalone Broadband

 Monthly Charge:

 Bundled with Voice

 Residential

 50 down / 50 up

 $49.99

 $69.99

 Small Business

 100 down / 50 up

 $109.99

 $144.99

 Commercial

 500 down / 500 up

 $2,000.00

 $2,000.00

 Activation and installation (all types): Waived

 Modem charge: No monthly residential or business equipment fee.

 Voice service includes unlimited calling in the United States and to Canada.

 The applicant estimates that about 40 percent of households in the area would
purchase AEC's service because of the area's underserved status. This take
rate14 may actually be

 14 The "take rate" is the percentage of potential subscribers who are offered
the service that actually do subscribe to the service.

 Resolution T-17503 DRAFT 12/17/2015

 CD/WG1

 8

 higher for a number of reasons. Given that AEC is the long-standing local
utility for electrical service, area residents are familiar with the AEC. AEC is
member-owned and the members voted to change the company's by-laws for the
purpose of providing this service. Given the large percentage of residents who
commute out of the area, robust broadband access would provide an opportunity
for telecommuting.

 The Applicant. AEC is a not-for-profit business with six decades of experience
providing affordable and reliable energy service. AEC owns and maintains over
10,000 poles and other structures necessary for the installation of the cable,
as well as easements necessary to route the system through. AEC already has a
3-mile segment of fiber installed in the downtown Anza area that provides
Internet service free of charge to the Anza Civic Improvement League, the
Community Center Building and a fire station.15 Based on this information, CD
determined that AEC has relevant experience and infrastructure for successfully
installing and operating a high speed fiber optic network to the premises.

 Financial Viability. AEC determined that the project is economically feasible
with a CASF grant of $2,662,450, which is 60 percent of the total project costs,
to match AEC's investment of $1,774,967.

 CD reviewed submitted balance sheet, income, cash flow statements and other
financial viability variables for AEC and concluded that AEC has the existing
capital resources for the 40 percent required matching funds to construct the
Connect Anza project, as well as a sound financial framework for future
operations. Therefore, staff determined that the risk that this project would
encounter financial problems, such as the project not being completed or
maintained over time, is minimal.

 Key Characteristics. CD found that the Connect Anza Project meets CASF funding
requirements with respect to the following factors:

 [#xf0b7] Speed - the proposed speed offering of 50 Mbps download and 50 Mbps
upload (for residential customers) significantly exceeds the 6/1.5 benchmark set
by the Commission;

 [#xf0b7] Service area - is determined to be underserved and covers 213 square
miles;

 [#xf0b7] Matching Funds(40 percent of project cost) - the applicant will use
existing capital; the submitted balance sheet, income and cash flow statements
show that the applicant is financially viable and has the financial capability
to match the funds;

 15 The Connect Anza broadband project would continue to provide complementary
broadband to these organizations and to the other fire stations in the area.

 Resolution T-17503 DRAFT 12/17/2015

 CD/WG1

 9

 [#xf0b7] Price Commitment Period - the applicant has committed to a pricing
plan of four years, which is two years more than required;

 [#xf0b7] Deployment Schedule - the applicant has submitted detailed planning
documents, including a schedule with clear milestones to indicate that it will
be completed within the required 24-month construction timeline;

 [#xf0b7] Number of Households - This project will potentially reach 3,751
households;

 [#xf0b7] Low Income - The median household income ($48,038) is 79 percent of
the State's median value.

 This project is economical and provides a wide benefit. The CASF per-household
subsidy is $710 per household (based on 3,751 households that will have access).
This state subsidy, when compared to previous subsidies provided through the
CASF program for fiber projects, is low.16 The number of households that Anza
proposes to pass would be the fourth largest CASF last-mile project in terms of
households served and the area served in terms of square miles would be the
highest for all approved CASF last-mile projects.

 Based on its review, CD determined that AEC's grant application for the Connect
Anza Project qualifies for funding as an underserved area and meets the
requirements of D.12-02-015. CD staff further finds that funding the Connect
Anza Project aligns with CASF's goal to encourage the deployment of high-quality
advanced information and communications technologies to all Californians to
promote economic growth, job creation, and substantial social benefits.

 D. Safety Considerations

 The CASF program encourages the deployment of broadband throughout the State
which can enable the public to access important information in the event of an
emergency, access to emergency services, and allow first responders to
communicate with each other and collaborate during emergencies. As the
Governor's Broadband Task Force stated in its 2007 report, ubiquitous broadband
will play a key role in enhancing public safety operations and applications in
law enforcement, disaster relief, traffic management, and virtually every other
aspect of public safety.

 The census-designated communities of Anza and Aguanga and the communities of
Lake Riverside Estates, and Reed Valley have no local medical clinics. The
nearest facilities are located either in Hemet or Murrieta, both of which are
50-plus minutes by

 16 In reference of the cost of fiber projects funded through the CASF grant
program, the subsidy provided to the Connect Anza project when compared to the
per household subsidy for the other funded fiber projects, is18 percent of the
median and 8 percent of the mean cost per household.

 Resolution T-17503 DRAFT 12/17/2015

 CD/WG1

 10

 car on windy 2-lane roads. Telephone and broadband allows access to these
facilities and providers and can be a critical factor in health and safety
emergencies.

 Additionally, voice service provided as a part of this project would meet all
safety standards, including battery backup, E911 data and access to local PSAPs.


 V. Compliance Requirements

 AEC is required to comply with all the guidelines, requirements, and conditions
associated with the grant of CASF funds as specified in D.12-02-015. Such
compliance includes, but is not limited to:

 A. California Environmental Quality Act (CEQA)

 All CASF grants are subject to CEQA requirements. The Commission must complete
environmental review before funding construction projects, unless the projects
are statutorily or categorically exempt pursuant to the CEQA Guidelines.

 AEC has provided the Commission with their plan to use existing infrastructure
for the installation of a fiber-to-the-premises (FTTP) system in their service
area. Existing electrical infrastructure (with over 700 miles of line and
associated poles) provides power to area residents and businesses. AEC has been
providing power to the area since 1955 and owns most of the existing towers,
buildings, conduits, ducts, rights-of-way, trenches and other facilities (some
poles are owned by Verizon who currently provides telephone service for the
area). AEC will construct its fiber backbone using these existing facilities.
AEC will likewise construct last mile segments in or on existing facilities,
including replacement utility poles (when necessary to meet applicable
engineering and safety standards). AEC anticipates that the only underground
construction that may be required is for short utility extensions. In these
limited instances, AEC may engage in relatively minor ground-disturbing
activities primarily in existing, well-used rights-of-ways and utility easements
in its electric service territory.

 Based on the above information the project qualifies for the following
categorical exemptions from CEQA: This project meets the criteria of the CEQA
categorical exemption for existing facilities (CEQA Guidelines § 15301) and CEQA
Guidelines Section § 15303 - New Construction or Conversion of Small Structures,
involving construction, installation, and/or conversion of limited numbers of
new and/or existing facilities/structures.

 Resolution T-17503 DRAFT 12/17/2015

 CD/WG1

 11

 B. Deployment Schedule

 The Commission expects AEC to complete the project within 24 months from start
date (as determined by the procedure below). If the applicant is unable to
complete the proposed project within the 24 month timeframe requirement
established by the Commission, it must notify the Director of CD as soon as AEC
becomes aware of this possibility. If such notice is not provided, the
Commission may reduce payment for failure to satisfy the requirement by timely
notifying CD's Director.

 C. Execution and Performance

 CD and AEC shall determine a project start date after the CASF grant recipient
has obtained all approvals. Should AEC or any Contractor it retains fail to
commence work by the designated date, upon five days written notice to AEC, the
Commission may terminate the grant. In the event that AEC fails to complete the
project in accordance with the terms of CPUC approval as set forth in this
resolution, AEC shall reimburse some or all of the CASF funds that it has
received.

 AEC must complete all construction covered by the grant on or before the
termination date.

 D. Performance Bond

 The Commission does not require a performance bond if the applicant is a
CPCN/WIR holder and if the applicant certifies that the percentage of the total
project costs it is providing comes from their capital budget and is not
obtained from outside financing. In its application, AEC certified that the
percentage of the total project costs will come from its existing capital
budget.

 On July 17, 2015, AEC also filed an application for a CPCN, which is currently
pending before the Commission.

 If the Commission grants the CPCN, a performance bond is not required for this
project. However, in the event that the Commission does not award AEC a CPCN,
AEC must provide evidence of an executed performance bond equal to the total
amount payable under the CASF award at the time of the first payment request.

 Resolution T-17503 DRAFT 12/17/2015

 CD/WG1

 12

 D. Price Commitment Period

 The minimum required price commitment period for broadband service to all
households within the project area is two years. AEC exceeds the minimum period
and guarantees the price of service offered in the project area for four years.

 E. Project Audit

 The Commission has the right to conduct any necessary audit, verification, and
discovery during project implementation/construction to ensure that CASF funds
are spent in accordance with Commission approval.

 The recipient's invoices will be subject to a financial audit by the Commission
at any time within three years of completion of the work.

 F. Providing Voice Service

 The proposed project will allow AEC to provide landline voice service via Voice
over Internet Protocol (VoIP). AEC commits to adhere to all FCC requirements in
regards to E911 service and must provide equipment with battery backup.

 G. Reporting

 All grantees must submit quarterly progress reports on the status of the
project irrespective of whether grantees request reimbursement or payment.
Before full payment of the project, AEC must submit a project completion report.
Progress reports shall use the schedule for deployment, major construction
milestones and costs submitted in the proposal; indicate the actual date of
completion of each task/milestone as well as problems and issues encountered,
and the actions taken to resolve these problems and issues during project
implementation and construction; and identify future risks to the project.

 Recipients shall also include test results on the download and upload speeds on
a CBG and zip code basis in the final completion report. AEC must certify that
each progress report is true and correct under penalty of perjury.

 H. Submission of Form 477

 The FCC currently requires broadband providers to biannually submit the Form
477, which includes speed data. While there is an imperfect match between the
data that is

 Resolution T-17503 DRAFT 12/17/2015

 CD/WG1

 13

 reported in the Form 477 and to the CASF, the Form 477 data will be useful in
documenting CASF deployment for the service providers new service. Pursuant to
General Order 66-C, service providers in California must submit a copy of their
Form 477 data directly to the CPUC concurrent with their submission of the same
data to the FCC for a five-year period after completion of the project.17

 VI. Compliance Requirements

 Submission of invoices from and payments to AEC shall be made at 25-percent
completion intervals, in accordance with Section XI of Appendix 1 of D.12-02-015
and according to the guidelines and supporting documentation required in
D.12-02-015.

 Payment to AEC shall follow the process adopted for funds created under P. U.
Code §270. Payments are generally processed by the Commission, including CD and
Administrative Services review time, within 20-25 business days. The State
Controller's Office (SCO) requires an additional 14- 21 days to issue payment
from the day that requests are received by SCO from Administrative Services.

 VII. Comments on Draft Resolution

 In compliance with Public Utilities Code § 311(g), a notice letter was e-mailed
on MMM DD, 2015, informing all parties on the CASF Distribution List of the
availability of the draft of this resolution for public comments at the
Commission's website at http://www.cpuc.ca.gov/PUC/documents/. This letter also
informed parties that the final conformed Resolution adopted by the Commission
will be posted and available at this same website.

 VIII. Findings

 1. AEC filed an application for CASF funding for its Connect Anza Project on
July 16, 2015. The proposed project will improve speeds by installing a
fiber-to-the-premise system capable of symmetrical 50 Mbps download/upload
service to upwards of 3,751 households in the unincorporated communities of
Anza, Aguanga, Lake Riverside Estates, and Reed Valley in Western Riverside
County. This system would provide broadband Internet service to an area that is

 17 Approval of the California Advanced Services Fund (CASF) Application
Requirements and Scoring Criteria for Awarding CASF Funds (2008) Cal. P.U.C.
Res. No. T-17143 at 4.

 Resolution T-17503 DRAFT 12/17/2015

 CD/WG1

 14

 currently underserved. The CBGs impacted by the project are 060650444021,
060650444022, 060650444023, 060650444031, 060650444032 and 060650444033.

 2. CD posted the proposed project area map, CBGs and zip codes by county for
the AEC Connect Anza Project on the Commission's CASF webpage under "CASF
Application Project Summaries" on July 17, 2015. CD received no challenges to
this project.

 3. CD reviewed and analyzed data submitted for the AEC Connect Anza Project's
CASF grant application to determine the project's eligibility for CASF funding.
This data included, but was not limited to: descriptions of current and proposed
broadband infrastructure; geographic information system (GIS) formatted
shapefiles mapping the project areas; assertion that the area is underserved;
number of potential subscriber households and average incomes; project
construction schedule; project budget; proposed pricing and commitment period
for new subscribers; and financial viability of the applicant.

 4. CD reviewed the submitted shapefiles, which mapped the proposed broadband
deployment using United States 2010 Census data and the California Interactive
Broadband Availability Maps, with availability data current as of June 30, 2014.
These maps helped to verify the availability and speed of any broadband service,
where available. The project area was determined to be underserved.

 5. Based on its review, CD determined that the project qualifies for funding
under D. 12-02-015 and recommends Commission approval of CASF funding for AEC's
Connect Anza Project.

 6. AEC is required to comply with all guidelines, requirements, and conditions
associated with the granting of CASF funds as specified in D.12-02-015 and must
submit the FCC Form 477, as specified in T-17143.

 7. The Commission finds CD's recommendation to fund AEC's project, as
summarized in Appendix A, to be reasonable and consistent with Commission orders
and, therefore, adopts such recommendation.

 8. The Commission has determined that the project is categorically exempt from
CEQA review, under Sections 15301, 15303 and 15304 of the CEQA Guidelines
because the project involves minor modifications to existing structures and
facilities and possibly a minor amount of trenching where the surface will be
restored to existing conditions.

 Resolution T-17503 DRAFT 12/17/2015

 CD/WG1

 15

 9. AEC will be required to show evidence of a performance bond at time of first
payment if its CPCN application is not been granted. If the CPCN is granted, AEC
is not required to post a performance bond because 40% of the total project cost
will be financed through AEC's existing capital budget.

 10. A notice letter was e-mailed on November 13, 2015, informing all applicants
filing for CASF funding, parties on the CASF distribution list of the
availability of the draft of this Resolution for public comments at the
Commission's website http://www.cpuc.ca.gov/PUC/documents/. This letter also
informed parties that the final confirmed Resolution adopted by the Commission
will be posted and available at this same website.

 THEREFORE, IT IS ORDERED that:

 1. The Commission shall award $2,662,450 to AEC for the Connect Anza Project as
described herein and summarized in Appendix A of this Resolution.

 2. The program fund payment of $2,662,450 for this project in underserved areas
shall be paid out of the CASF Infrastructure Grant Account in accordance with
the guidelines adopted in D.12-02-015, including compliance with CEQA.

 3. Payments to the CASF recipient shall be in accordance with Section XI of
Appendix 1 of D.12-02-015 and in accordance with the process defined in the
"Payments to CASF Recipients" section of this Resolution.

 4. The CASF fund recipient, AEC, shall comply with all guidelines, requirements
and conditions associated with the CASF funds award as specified in D.12-02-015
and must submit the FCC Form 477 to the Commission, as specified in Resolution
T-17143.

 Resolution T-17503 DRAFT 12/17/2015

 CD/WG1

 16

 This Resolution is effective today.

 I hereby certify that this Resolution was adopted by the Public Utilities
Commission at its regular meeting on December 17, 2015. The following
Commissioners approved it:

 TIMOTHY J. SULLIVAN

 Executive Director

 Resolution T-17503

 CD/WG1

 APPENDIX

 Resolution T-17503

 CD/WG1

 Appendix A-1

 APPENDIX A

 Resolution T-17503

 Anza Electric Cooperative, Connect Anza Project

 CASF Applicant Key Information Project Name AEC Connect Anza Project

 Project Plan

 Connect Anza will deploy a fiber optic cable on existing poles and rights of
way and establish a network of sufficient capacity to establish high speed,
quality Internet service for Anza Electric Cooperatives (AEC's) existing service
territory located wholly within western Riverside County.

 Project Size (in square miles)

 213

 Download/Upload speed

 50 Mbps / 50 Mbps

 Location

 Riverside County

 Community Names

 The unincorporated communities of Anza, Aguanga, Lake Riverside Estates, and
Reed Valley

 Census Block Groups

 060650444021, 060650444022, 060650444023, 060650444031, 060650444032,
060650444033

 Weighted Median Household Income

 $48,038

 Zip Codes

 92536, 92539, 92544

 Estimated potential subscriber size

 3,751 households

 Applicant expectations

 1,500 households

 Pricing Plan

 Residential Monthly Charge:

 Standalone: $ 49.99/mo

 With Voice: $ 69.99/mo

 Small Business Charge:

 Standard: $109.99/mo

 With Voice: Additional $35 per line

 (no installation or modem fees)

 Deployment Schedule (from Commission approval date)

 24 months

 Proposed Project Budget (Total)

 $4,437,418.02

 Amount of CASF funds requested (60 percent)

 $2,662,450.81

 Applicant funded (40 percent)

 $1,774,967.21

 Resolution T-17503

 CD/WG1

 Appendix B-1

 Appendix B

 Resolution T-17503 AEC Connect Anza

 Project location map

 Resolution T-17503

 CD/WG1

 Appendix C-1

 Appendix C

 Resolution T-17503 AEC Connect Anza

 Existing broadband download speeds

 Resolution T-17503

 CD/WG1

 Appendix C-1

 Appendix D - Applicant Provided Mobile Speed Tests

 Resolution T-17503

 CD/WG1

 Appendix A-1

 Resolution T-17503

 CD/WG1

 Appendix A-1

 Resolution T-17503

 CD/WG1

 Appendix A-1



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: December 19, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              584 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               India Energy News

                       July 16, 2015 Thursday 6:30 AM EST

ComEd, Openlands Provide Grants to Illinois Communities to Advance Clean-Green
Environmental Projects

LENGTH: 1436  words


July 16 -- ComEd and Openlands today announced they are awarding almost $200,000
in Green Region grants to 23 municipalities throughout northern Illinois to
support their continuing efforts to conserve and protect open spaces. These
grants help local municipalities facilitate environmental initiatives that
otherwise would be sacrificed due to budget constraints.

This is the third year of the Green Region program in Illinois, a joint effort
by ComEd and Openlands to fund municipal conservation and environmental
projects. The Green Region grants are one of the ways ComEd and Openlands
partner to give back to our communities and help them improve their green
footprints. The grants subsidize existing open space projects at the municipal
level focusing on conservation, preservation, protecting endangered species, and
improvements to local parks and recreation resources. Each grant applicant was
eligible for a maximum of $10,000 per project.

"At ComEd, we are committed to doing all that we can to advance clean and green
initiatives that help to protect the environment and communities now and into
the future. Supporting our local communities who are doing great work to
preserve and enhance our resources is a natural fit," said Fidel Marquez, senior
vice president of Governmental and External Affairs, ComEd. "We're proud to
partner with Openlands on this program and we congratulate the winning
communities on their Green Region grants awards."

Openlands, a Chicago-based nonprofit focused on land conservation, is
administering the Green Region program. Municipalities throughout northern
Illinois submitted their applications for a Green Region grant earlier this
year. The applications were reviewed by an advisory committee of local
environmental leaders selected by ComEd and Openlands.

"Working closely with partners like ComEd is vital to the work Openlands does to
ensure that everyone in our region has access to nature," said Openlands
President and CEO Jerry Adelmann. "The grants that are part of the Green Region
program make it possible for projects throughout northern Illinois to move
forward immediately, benefiting neighborhoods, communities, and ultimately all
of us."

The grants will be distributed by ComEd over the next two years. Openlands will
monitor the 23 projects by developing reports, guidelines and a scorecard to
track and measure the impact of each project.

The 23 Green Region grant recipients for 2015 are:

* City of Lake Forest

* This is a collaborative restoration project to remove invasive plants along a
popular, heavily-traveled 2.5-mile section of the Robert McClory Bike Bath in
Lake Forest.

* City of Sycamore

* This project will connect the Peace Road Trail extension from the South
Prairie Elementary School to the main trail next to Peace Road. This new
connecting trail will allow safer access to the trail north of Prairie Drive on
Peace Road, increasing the enjoyment of all who use the trail.

* DeKalb County Forest Preserve District

* This grant will assist the City of Genoa to connect Russell Woods Forest
Preserve with a multi-use trail.

* Forest Preserves of Cook County

* This grant will allow the expansion of Hermitage Street Community Gardens so
that more families can use allotment beds, and that a wide cross section of the
community will be invested in the use of this open green space that employs
environmental best practices.

* Frankfort Square Park District

* This project will allow the Frankfort Square Park District to expand public
access into the Island Prairie Park wetlands by creating a boardwalk extension.

* Homewood Flossmoor Park District

* This project will provide funding for the planning, designing, surveying and
permitting necessary to determine the best course of action to restore water
filtration and quality to the Irons Oaks pond.

* Kendall County Forest Preserve District

* This project will establish approved management plans for Maramech Forest
Preserve and Tucker-Millington Fen to implement enhanced natural area monitoring
and restoration activities, with primary focus on removal of non-native species
from core habitat areas.

* Lee County

* This project includes the design, fabrication and installation of one kiosk
and 15 signs to help potential visitors find the 80-acre Headwaters property,
orient themselves, and learn about its key natural and historic features.

* Lockport Township Park District

* Dellwood Park West and the adjacent Lockport Prairie East contain rare
dolomite prairie and sage meadow. The Lockport Township Park District and the
Will County Forest Preserve District plan to collectively manage the site in an
attempt to save the rare and Federally Endangered Species located at the site.

* Richard Burton High School District - 157

* This project will include the restoration of a 20-acre oak woodland complex
that connects two fragmented woodlands, restoring a 160-acre oak woodland
community.

* Village of Diamond

* The Village of Diamond is installing an 8-foot asphalt multi-use path with an
8-foot pre-fabricated bridge, lighting, and signage. A Boy Scout is doing his
Eagle Scout Project which will include 2 wooden benches that will be installed
adjacent to the bridge.

* Village of Grant Park

* This project will create a hill prairie and a natural playground learning
environment that is safe, cognitively challenging, and utilizes native plants
and natural elements to create a beautiful, sustainable, wildlife area with a
low carbon footprint.

* Village of Lemont

* Heritage Quarries Recreation Area, situated along the historic I & M Canal in
Lemont, offers visitors 100+ acres of nature to explore. This project will
include installation of a boat dock on one of the Great Lakes Quarries as part
of an ongoing effort to increase passive recreation opportunities.

* Village of Midlothian

* This project is a green infrastructure implementation project to increase
community awareness of water quality Best Management Practices, providing water
quality and aesthetic improvements along Midlothian Creek.

* Village of Oakwood Hills

* This project is part of a larger, 2-year project that will stabilize severe
ecosystem degradation at the Oakwood Hills Fed Illinois State Nature Preserve.

* Village of Villa Park

* This project will allow the Village of Villa Park and its partners in the Grow
Healthy Villa Park coalition to create a community garden on a vacant site and
engage partners and residents in establishing an edible, teaching garden.

* Channahon Park District

* This grant will allow the Channahon Park District to develop the 56-acre
wetland located adjacent to an existing park. Development will include trails,
an interpretive boardwalk at a Native American Mound, an interpretive kiosk
adjacent to a parking lot, and interpretive signage and benches.

* City of Woodstock

* This grant will fund new wetlands walkways, will ensure the William C. Donato
Conservation Area is a safe and accessible outdoor learning lab for Woodstock
High School students, and is enjoyable for all park visitors.

* Village of Wayne

* This project will include the preservation of 38+ acres of undeveloped meadow
for walking, horseback riding, bird watching and exercise of unleashed dogs,
traversed by two creeks which for Norton Creek, a tributary to the Fox River.

* Village of Orangeville

* This project will involve the construction of an observation deck to enhance
community interaction with the Village's restored wetland along the Jane Addams
Trail.

* Village of Poplar Grove

* This project is a part of an ongoing effort to develop an accessible,
passive-use park shelter adjacent to Long Prairie Trail. The shelter and path
will be enjoyed by residents, cyclists, and recreational enthusiasts, and it
will be used as a space for organized events, scouting, and community wide
activities.

* Village of Green Oaks

* The Dennis A. Dorsey Conservation Area is a new restoration project focusing
on a rare habitat that is globally imperiled - 12 acres of northern Flatwoods,
oak savanna and vernal ponds to be restored by volunteer stewards and adjacent
homeowners as a citizen model.

* Chicago Park District - Independence Park

* The Independence Park Teaching Garden is an applied approach to nutritional
and biological sciences, reinforcing education for children enrolled in the
summer day camp.

The Green Region grants will be presented to the 23 municipalities during a
reception in Chicago this fall.

To date, ComEd has distributed nearly a half million dollars to open space
projects in the Chicagoland area.

Additional information on the Green Region program can be found at
www.openlands.org/greenregion.

Source: ComEd

LOAD-DATE: July 17, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


                           Copyright 2015 Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              585 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                           Glanbrook / Sachem Gazette

                           September 21, 2012 Friday
                                  ONT Edition

Haldimand County now part of the TransCanada Trail

SECTION: Pg. 0

LENGTH: 310  words


In 2009, Haldimand County council approved a Trails Master Plan devoted to the
ongoing creation, maintenance and promotion of a recreational trail system
within Haldimand.

The provision of an integrated trail system offers the ability to highlight and
promote all of Haldimand County's natural and cultural resources. The County's
work in this area corresponds with an ongoing Canada-wide initiative, the
"TransCanada Trail".

The TransCanada Trail is the world's longest network of trails, which will
stretch from the Atlantic to the Pacific to the Arctic Oceans- over 23,000
kilometres in length.

Once complete, this trail network will connect 1,000 communities across Canada.
And now, the TransCanada Trail system will include a second section in Haldimand
County.

Recently, Haldimand County applied for grant funding under the TransCanada Trail
initiative, to assist in the completion of a section of Haldimand's trail
network. On September 10, 2012, Sheila Wilson, manager of community development
and partnerships for the County, received notification that Haldimand County's
grant application was successful, with the County to receive $124,000.

These funds will be used to offset costs to complete the connection to Hamilton
Chippewa Trail from Caledonia. The trail will be developed from Haldibrook Road
to Burke Park and will connect to the Rotary trail from Burke Park utilizing
existing streets. "Trails offer an opportunity for Haldimand residents to pursue
healthy outdoor activities," stated Wilson.

Mayor Hewitt was very pleased by this announcement. He noted that the extension
of Haldimand County's trail network will further "promote the beauty of
Haldimand County by enhancing opportunities to enjoy our many natural amenities,
and help in the ongoing development of infrastructure capable of providing a
pleasurable resident and tourist experience."

LOAD-DATE: September 22, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2012 Toronto Star Newspapers, Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              586 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                            Dayton Daily News (Ohio)

                             March 10, 2006 Friday

Historic sites get $70,000 grant to study ways to connect them;
Part of $3.5 million given to 45 communities

BYLINE: By Jessica Wehrman jwehrman@coxnews.com

SECTION: LOCAL; Pg. B3

LENGTH: 353 words


WASHINGTON - Dayton area heritage sites received a $70,000 federal grant on
Thursday, part of $3.5 million given to 45 communities around the country that
want to preserve their historic sites.

Wright Dunbar Inc., representing a coalition of Dayton area organizations
involved in cultural heritage tourism, accepted the grant. First lady Laura Bush
attended the ceremony, which was led by U.S. Reps. Mike Turner, R-Centerville
and Brad Miller, D-N.C., who chair the Congressional Historic Preservation
Caucus.

The grant will help pay for a study of how to best connect sites, including the
Wright-Dunbar Business Village, Carillon Historical Park, the National Museum of
the United States Air Force and other Dayton sites.

Jen Stoecker, director of communications and development for the Wright-Dunbar
Business Village, said the study could examine providing transportation from one
spot to the next or developing a marketing plan to link the sites.

"Obviously, we've got all these great resources in the community that people can
visit, but moving visitors to different sites has always been the issue," she
said. "We're not sure on the best way to capitalize on that."

For example, she said, 1 million people come to the Air Force museum every year,
but go home immediately afterward. The study will look at what would happen if
those visitors went on to visit other famous Dayton sites.

The grant will be matched by in-kind and cash contributions from organizations,
including the Aviation Heritage Foundation Inc., National Park Service, Air
Force Museum, city of Dayton, Montgomery County and the Dayton Development
Coalition, among others.

Dayton is one of 352 communities in 46 states that have been named Preserve
America communities, a designation that makes them eligible for the grants.

Other Ohio Preserve America communities include Delaware, Georgetown, Granville,
Medina and Oberlin.

Turner said he pushed the case for Dayton to get its grant during an August 2004
Dayton visit by John Nau, co-chair of the Preserve America Steering Committee.
Dayton was named a Preserve America community a month after Nau's visit.

LOAD-DATE: March 10, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2006 Dayton Newspapers, Inc.


                              587 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                        Sunbury & Macedon Ranges Weekly

                             April 2, 2013 Tuesday
                                 FIRST Edition

Towns shine light on autism

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 5

LENGTH: 318 words


ROMSEY and Lancefield residents will embrace Autism Awareness Month by turning
their communities blue.

As part of the international awareness campaign, landmarks throughout the shire,
including the Woodend clocktower and Gisborne fountain, will be lit up in blue.

Visual displays and information will be presented in shop windows in Romsey and
Lancefield.

Today is Autism Awareness Day, but celebrations for autism spectrum disorders
continue throughout April.

Ingrid Mooy, the organiser of activities in Lancefield, said driving down High
Street at night seeing the town lit up in blue would be an amazing sight.

"We hope that by the end of the week residents will be more aware and informed
of autism and the difficulties associated with autism as well as the joys."

Cobaw Community Health has organised activities throughout the month to raise
awareness about autism. A community barbecue will be held at noon this Saturday
at the Romsey Lions Reserve. There will be face-painting and children's
activities.

CCH children's services co-ordinator Prue Southey said a fund-raising dinner
would be held at Sicilian Vespers restaurant in Romsey on Thursday for the Play
Connect group, an autism-specific playgroup.

She said the group was for newly diagnosed children and their parents. "Families
are often very raw, confused and vulnerable. This group offers reliable
information and support."

It's run by Shantelle Grant, who has an eight-year-old autistic daughter and
built the group from two families last year to more than 15 now.

Mrs Grant says the families - from the Macedon Ranges, Sunbury, Kilmore and
Wallan areas - come in every week to share stories and offer support. "We
structure the play so it's a safe environment and mums can come and connect with
other mums going through the same process. During diagnosis, it's a draining,
scary process."

Playgroup details: Shantelle Grant, 0411 444 447

-Angela Valente

LOAD-DATE: April 1, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Blow the blues away: Shantelle Grant with Romsey Primary School pupils
Grace, Charli and Neisha, sitting on the school's blue friendship chair.
Picture: Paul Rovere

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


             Copyright 2013 Fairfax Media Publications Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              588 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                US Official News

                           November 14, 2015 Saturday

Regulatory update: California Public Utilities Commission; California Public
Utilities , has submitted (T-17503) T-17503_Res-C_CASF_Connect_Anza.docx

LENGTH: 6277 words

DATELINE: Lahore



    Sacramento: California Public Utilities Commission has issued the following
document (Comment Resolution):



 Resolution T-17503 DRAFT Agenda ID# 14468

 CD/WG1

 154995389

 PUBLIC UTILITIES COMMISSION OF THE STATE OF CALIFORNIA

 Communications Division

 RESOLUTION T-17503

 Broadband, Policy and Analysis Branch

 DATE December 17, 2015

 R E S O L U T I O N

 Resolution T-17503: Approval of funding for the grant application of Anza
Electric Cooperative, Inc. from the California Advanced Services Fund (CASF) in
the amount of $2,662,450 for the Connect Anza Project, located in a CASF
&ldquo;priority area.&rdquo;



    __________________________________________________________________

 I. Summary

 This Resolution approves funding in the amount of $2,662,450 from the
California Advanced Service Fund (CASF) in response to the grant application
from Anza Electric Cooperative, Inc. (AEC) which proposes to install a
fiber-to-the-premises (FTTP) system in the unincorporated communities of Anza,
Aguanga, Lake Riverside Estates, and Reed Valley in Western Riverside County (
Connect Anza Project). The Connect Anza Project will extend 50 Mbps and above
broadband service to approximately 3,751 households spread over 213 square miles
in the Anza Valley at a cost of $710 per household in CASF subsidies. The Anza
Valley is located 13 miles south of Idyllwild, approximately 35 miles southwest
of Palm Springs and 120 miles southeast of Los Angeles. The Connect Anza project
will also provide substantial safety and health benefits including, but not
limited to, resilient high capacity broadband infrastructure that will provide
access to e-health services and voice service that will meet all safety
standards, including E911.

 II. Background

 On December 20, 2007, the California Public Utilities Commission, in Decision
(D.) 07-12-054, established the CASF program as a two-year program to provide
funds for the

 Resolution T-17503 DRAFT 12/17/2015

 CD/WG1

 2

 deployment of broadband infrastructure in unserved and underserved areas in
California.

 On September 25, 2010, Governor Schwarzenegger signed Senate Bill (SB) 1040,1
which codified the CASF program and expanded it to include three accounts: (1)
the Infra-structure Grant Account, (2) the Consortia Grant Account, and (3) the
Revolving Loan Account. The latter two accounts are intended to address the
needs that were unmet under the original CASF program. SB 1040 also expanded the
CASF fund from $100 million to $225 million, adding $100 million to the
Infrastructure Grant Account and allocating $10 million and $15 million to the
Consortia Grant Account and the Revolving Loan Account, respectively.2

 On February 1, 2012, the Commission approved D.12-02-015 to implement new
guidelines for the Infrastructure Grant and Revolving Loan Accounts. Key
provisions of the decision include:

 [#xf0b7] A maximum CASF grant award of 70 percent of project costs for unserved
areas and 60 percent for underserved areas; and,

 [#xf0b7] A definition of an underserved area, &ldquo;where broadband is
available, but no wireline or wireless facilities-based provider offers service
at advertised speeds of at least 6 megabits per second (Mbps) downstream and 1.5
Mbps upstream (6 Mbps /1.5 Mbps).&rdquo;

 Subsequently, on June 26, 2014, the Commission approved Resolution T-17443,
which (relevant to this resolution) opened the CASF Broadband Infrastructure
Grant Account to new applications as of December 1, 2014, and offered existing
providers a &ldquo;right of first refusal&rdquo; to upgrade service in unserved
and underserved areas.3

 On July 16, 2015, AEC submitted an application for CASF funding to bring
symmetrical 50 Mbps and above broadband service to the homes and businesses of
the unincorporated communities of Anza, Aguanga, Lake Riverside Estates, and
Reed Valley via a FTTP connection. No existing provider made a commitment to
upgrade service before the November 1, 2014, &ldquo;first refusal&rdquo;
deadline. Because of this, CD

 1 Stats. 2010, c. 317, codified at Public Utilities (P.U.) Code &sect; 281

 2 P.U. Code &sect; 281(b)(1).

 3 The Commission later issued D.14-02-018 to implement provisions in Senate
Bill 740 (Padilla, Stats 2013, Chapter 522), which amended P.U. Code &sect; 281
and expanded eligibility for CASF Infrastructure Grants/Loans to non-telephone
corporations.

 Resolution T-17503 DRAFT 12/17/2015

 CD/WG1

 3

 determined the proposed project area to be &ldquo;underserved&rdquo; and
eligible for new applications.

 On September 17, 2015, Anza modified their application. The initial application
proposed to serve a 319 square mile area which includes the California State
Route 74 &lsquo;Pines to Palms&rsquo; state scenic highway. Given that a
categorical CEQA exemption cannot be granted for above-ground fiber projects
along scenic highways, Anza modified their application to exclude the Highway 74
corridor. This modification reduced the total project area to 213 square miles.
The applicant estimates a 10 percent reduction in the number of households to be
served (an estimated 375 households) given the 106 mile modification.

 III. Notice/Protests

 On July 17, 2015, CD posted the proposed project area map, census block groups
(CBGs) and zip codes for the Connect Anza Project on the Commission&rsquo;s CASF
webpage under &ldquo;CASF Application Project Summaries&rdquo; and also sent
notice regarding the project to its electronic service list. CD did not receive
any challenges to the proposed project.4

 IV. Discussion

 This Resolution adopts CD&rsquo;s recommended award of $2,662,450 in a CASF
grant for the Connect Anza Project. This award represents 60 percent of the
applicant&rsquo;s estimated total project cost of $4,437,418. Key project
information and maps are shown in Appendix A.

 A. Applicant and Project Overview

 AEC5 currently owns and distributes electricity using over 700 miles of line in
Southwest Riverside County covering the areas of Anza, Garner Valley, Pinyon,
Alpine Village, Royal Carrizo and parts of Aguanga. AEC proposes to deploy a
fiber optic

 4 CD received an email after the challenge period from an individual who has a
small fixed wireless and satellite reseller business in Anza, CA. He did not
challenge the project but, instead, expressed opposition to the fixed wireless
portion of the project, noting the presence of the two small local wireless
providers (MtPalomar.net and Wireless Internet Pro) who do advertise up to
served speeds in some locations. The two providers do not provide data to the
Commission and staff has no way of validating their service.

 5 AEC is an incorporated non-profit 501(c) (12) electricity (member-owned)
cooperative. According to the AEC website
(http://www.anzaelectric.org/content/about-us), AEC provides power to 3900
homes, schools, businesses and 20 irrigation loads.

 Resolution T-17503 DRAFT 12/17/2015

 CD/WG1

 4

 network on its existing poles and rights of way and establish a network of
sufficient capacity to establish high speed, quality Internet service for
customers in AEC&rsquo;s electrical service territory. Anza also proposes to
serve approximately 170 transient residences (trailer homes) using a fixed
wireless installation6.

 AEC requested a CASF grant of $2,662,450.81, which is 60 percent of the total
project costs ($4,437,418.02), with matching AEC funding of $1,774,967. If this
project is approved, the project will reach an estimated 3,751 households,7 with
all customers capable of achieving speeds of at least 50 Mbps on both downloads
and uploads which is above the Commission-defined &ldquo;served&rdquo; threshold
of 6 Mbps download/1.5 Mbps upload.

 The Connect Anza project will directly benefit the Cahuilla band of Indians
whose reservation in within the project area. The reservation contains an
estimated8 70 households as well as the Cahuilla Creek Casino and tribal
buildings.

 B. Project Qualification

 To qualify for the CASF program, an applicant is required to submit proof that
the area is unserved or underserved by submitting shapefiles of the proposed
project. CD reviews the submitted shapefiles and compares them with United
States 2010 Census data and the California Interactive Broadband Availability
map.9 Once CD determines that the area is eligible either as an unserved or
underserved area, CD evaluates all other information the applicant has submitted
to determine if the project meets the requirements outlined in D.12-02-015. CD
reviews other information including: descriptions of current and proposed
broadband infrastructure; number of potential subscriber households and average
income; project construction schedule; project budget; proposed pricing and
commitment period for new subscribers; and financial viability of the applicant.


 As an initial step in the review of AEC&rsquo;s application, CD reviewed the
CBGs submitted in the project application and determined that the project was
indeed not served at adequate speeds via wireline or fixed wireless providers.
With regard to mobile service,

 6 The number of trailer homes served and the information that the residents who
live in the trailer homes are transient was stated by the applicant.

 7 The total number of households as recorded in the US 2010 census for census
block group areas to be served by the proposed project.

 8 Total number of households on the Cahuilla Reservation estimated by the
applicant.

 9 Here, CD consulted the latest version of the California Interactive Broadband
Availability Map, with data current as of June 30, 2014.

 Resolution T-17503 DRAFT 12/17/2015

 CD/WG1

 5

 however, the California Interactive Broadband Availability Map indicates that
55% of the proposed project area may be served by Verizon and/or AT&T Mobility
wireless service10. The applicant disputed that the area is served by providing
mobile field tests using the CalSPEED app.11

 The applicant provided 43 CalSPEED tests conducted on July 3, 2015 (see
Appendix D for a list of speed test results). All of the test results showed
unserved or underserved speeds within the project area. This finding, when
combined with the fact that there were no challenges to the project, led staff
to recommend that the area be considered underserved by mobile broadband.

 C. Project Evaluation and Recommendation for Funding

 CD evaluated AEC&rsquo;s application with respect to the scoring criteria
defined in D.12-02-015, Appendix 1, Section VIII (Scoring Criteria). The scoring
criteria includes: (i) Funds Requested per Potential Customer; (ii) Speed, (iii)
Financial Viability; (iv) Pricing; (v) Total Number of Households in the
Proposed Area; (vi) Timeliness of Completion of Project; (vii) Guaranteed
Pricing Period; and (viii) Low-Income Areas. Five bonus points are also added to
an applicant&rsquo;s score if local government and community endorsements or
letters of support are submitted. CD also conducted qualitative evaluation of
the project area, existing infrastructure, and community needs.

 The Community. The unincorporated communities of Anza, Aguanga, Lake Riverside
Estates and Reed Valley are located in the high desert southwest of the San
Jacinto Mountains. Anza Valley is located in the high desert southwest of the
San Jacinto Mountains. Coachella Valley (which includes the city of Palm
Springs) lies on the east side of the San Jacinto Mountains. Los Angeles is
approximately 120 miles northwest and San Diego is approximately 75 miles to the
southwest of the proposed project area. The project area is just north of the
San Diego County border in southwestern Riverside County.

 The communities within the project boundary have approximately 3,751 households
with a total population of 9,701 (using 2010 US Census data). For the Census
Designated Place (CDP) of Anza (population 3,040 as reported in the 2010 US
Census), 8.3 percent of the population is 18 years of age or younger, 66 percent
is between the

 10 Mobile broadband coverage is based on either the advertised maximum mobile
provider speed or the speed interpolated from CPUC mobile speed testing points
(using the mean &ndash; 1 standard deviation of all speed readings for that
point), whichever is least.

 11 CalSPEED is the Commission&rsquo;s mobile application that is used to test
mobile broadband speeds.

 Resolution T-17503 DRAFT 12/17/2015

 CD/WG1

 6

 ages of 18 and 62, and 26 percent is 62 years and above. The smaller CDP of
Aguanga (population 1,128 per the 2010 Census) had an even higher percentage of
the population 62 years and older (41 percent). The applicant noted that there
is large number of retired people in the community. The Cahuilla Indian
Reservation is within the project area.

 Based on the information provided in AEC&rsquo;s application, local economic
activity is minimal and a large percentage of the working population commutes
out of the area. Referring to the census data for Anza CDP, 65 percent of the
working population&rsquo;s commute time is 30 minutes or more, with the mean
travel time to work at 41 minutes. The US 2010 Census reported the median
household income (MHI) (per census block data) is $48,038 which is 79 percent of
the state MHI average. However, the poverty rate for Anza CDP is reported at
11.5 percent which is below the state average (15.9 percent).

 The Connect Anza project area includes two public schools; the Hamilton High
School and the Hamilton Elementary School. According to the California
Department of Education, total enrollment at Hamilton High School is 326 and at
the Elementary School it is 445. The proposed project area also includes a small
K-12 Christian school and a private religious university (Olivet University)
whose current enrollment is 120 students and a projected enrollment of 2,000.
There is also a public library, two fire stations and large California
Department of Corrections and Rehabilitation Conservation (Fire) Camp (with a
maximum capacity of 120 inmates).

 The Connect Anza project will increase Internet capacity and enable local
students to take advantage of open-sourced educational materials, thus helping
the area bridge the digital divide. The local public schools already have a
fiber connection through the CENIC12 network. However, the schools have
expressed support for this project due to the opportunities provided to the
students. A robust internet connection will allow students to utilize online
teaching materials and techniques which they cannot currently access and use at
home. Students and parents will be able to utilize online services to organize
class assignments, check grades and communicate with teachers. Given the rural
nature of the community and the substantial distances between schools and
residences, reliable broadband access will allow students to learn at home
without the need to travel to the school. Additionally free Internet access will
be available at the local library and community hall.13

 12 See the CENIC website for a description of their network
(http://cenic.org/about/about-overview).

 13 AEC has committed to providing free Internet access for the community hall
and community park.

 Resolution T-17503 DRAFT 12/17/2015

 CD/WG1

 7

 Olivet University is a religious institution located in the project area.
Olivet University has stated to the applicant that they will leverage the Anza
project fiber network to enable online access and education at the university, a
service that is not currently available.

 CD has received 70 letters of support for the Connect Anza project. CD&rsquo;s
review of the letters of support revealed numerous complaints about the poor
quality of Internet service in the area as well as the lack of broadband
choices. Another theme portrayed in the letters of support for this CASF
proposed project was AEC&rsquo;s dependability for affordable and reliable
energy utility service, including the community&rsquo;s overarching confidence
in AEC.

 Further, the Inland Empire Regional Broadband Consortium recommended the
communities of Anza and Aguanga as priority areas for CASF funding and fully
supports the proposed project. They noted how vital this project is to the
area&rsquo;s long term viability given the needs and opportunities that this
project will address related to telemedicine, education, economic development,
fire and police communications as well as benefiting the Cahuilla Native
American tribes. The project is also supported by elected officials at the
local, state and federal level.

 Pricing and Affordability. AEC has committed to a broadband pricing plan under
the terms shown below, for four years starting from the beginning date of
service. There is no long-term commitment required by the consumer.

 Service Type

 Broadband Speed

 (in Mbps)

 Monthly Charge: Standalone Broadband

 Monthly Charge:

 Bundled with Voice

 Residential

 50 down / 50 up

 $49.99

 $69.99

 Small Business

 100 down / 50 up

 $109.99

 $144.99

 Commercial

 500 down / 500 up

 $2,000.00

 $2,000.00

 Activation and installation (all types): Waived

 Modem charge: No monthly residential or business equipment fee.

 Voice service includes unlimited calling in the United States and to Canada.

 The applicant estimates that about 40 percent of households in the area would
purchase AEC&rsquo;s service because of the area&rsquo;s underserved status.
This take rate14 may actually be

 14 The &ldquo;take rate&rdquo; is the percentage of potential subscribers who
are offered the service that actually do subscribe to the service.

 Resolution T-17503 DRAFT 12/17/2015

 CD/WG1

 8

 higher for a number of reasons. Given that AEC is the long-standing local
utility for electrical service, area residents are familiar with the AEC. AEC is
member-owned and the members voted to change the company&rsquo;s by-laws for the
purpose of providing this service. Given the large percentage of residents who
commute out of the area, robust broadband access would provide an opportunity
for telecommuting.

 The Applicant. AEC is a not-for-profit business with six decades of experience
providing affordable and reliable energy service. AEC owns and maintains over
10,000 poles and other structures necessary for the installation of the cable,
as well as easements necessary to route the system through. AEC already has a
3-mile segment of fiber installed in the downtown Anza area that provides
Internet service free of charge to the Anza Civic Improvement League, the
Community Center Building and a fire station.15 Based on this information, CD
determined that AEC has relevant experience and infrastructure for successfully
installing and operating a high speed fiber optic network to the premises.

 Financial Viability. AEC determined that the project is economically feasible
with a CASF grant of $2,662,450, which is 60 percent of the total project costs,
to match AEC&rsquo;s investment of $1,774,967.

 CD reviewed submitted balance sheet, income, cash flow statements and other
financial viability variables for AEC and concluded that AEC has the existing
capital resources for the 40 percent required matching funds to construct the
Connect Anza project, as well as a sound financial framework for future
operations. Therefore, staff determined that the risk that this project would
encounter financial problems, such as the project not being completed or
maintained over time, is minimal.

 Key Characteristics. CD found that the Connect Anza Project meets CASF funding
requirements with respect to the following factors:

 [#xf0b7] Speed &ndash; the proposed speed offering of 50 Mbps download and 50
Mbps upload (for residential customers) significantly exceeds the 6/1.5
benchmark set by the Commission;

 [#xf0b7] Service area &ndash; is determined to be underserved and covers 213
square miles;

 [#xf0b7] Matching Funds(40 percent of project cost) &ndash; the applicant will
use existing capital; the submitted balance sheet, income and cash flow
statements show that the applicant is financially viable and has the financial
capability to match the funds;

 15 The Connect Anza broadband project would continue to provide complementary
broadband to these organizations and to the other fire stations in the area.

 Resolution T-17503 DRAFT 12/17/2015

 CD/WG1

 9

 [#xf0b7] Price Commitment Period &ndash; the applicant has committed to a
pricing plan of four years, which is two years more than required;

 [#xf0b7] Deployment Schedule &ndash; the applicant has submitted detailed
planning documents, including a schedule with clear milestones to indicate that
it will be completed within the required 24-month construction timeline;

 [#xf0b7] Number of Households &ndash; This project will potentially reach 3,751
households;

 [#xf0b7] Low Income &ndash; The median household income ($48,038) is 79 percent
of the State&rsquo;s median value.

 This project is economical and provides a wide benefit. The CASF per-household
subsidy is $710 per household (based on 3,751 households that will have access).
This state subsidy, when compared to previous subsidies provided through the
CASF program for fiber projects, is low.16 The number of households that Anza
proposes to pass would be the fourth largest CASF last-mile project in terms of
households served and the area served in terms of square miles would be the
highest for all approved CASF last-mile projects.

 Based on its review, CD determined that AEC&rsquo;s grant application for the
Connect Anza Project qualifies for funding as an underserved area and meets the
requirements of D.12-02-015. CD staff further finds that funding the Connect
Anza Project aligns with CASF&rsquo;s goal to encourage the deployment of
high-quality advanced information and communications technologies to all
Californians to promote economic growth, job creation, and substantial social
benefits.

 D. Safety Considerations

 The CASF program encourages the deployment of broadband throughout the State
which can enable the public to access important information in the event of an
emergency, access to emergency services, and allow first responders to
communicate with each other and collaborate during emergencies. As the
Governor&rsquo;s Broadband Task Force stated in its 2007 report, ubiquitous
broadband will play a key role in enhancing public safety operations and
applications in law enforcement, disaster relief, traffic management, and
virtually every other aspect of public safety.

 The census-designated communities of Anza and Aguanga and the communities of
Lake Riverside Estates, and Reed Valley have no local medical clinics. The
nearest facilities are located either in Hemet or Murrieta, both of which are
50-plus minutes by

 16 In reference of the cost of fiber projects funded through the CASF grant
program, the subsidy provided to the Connect Anza project when compared to the
per household subsidy for the other funded fiber projects, is18 percent of the
median and 8 percent of the mean cost per household.

 Resolution T-17503 DRAFT 12/17/2015

 CD/WG1

 10

 car on windy 2-lane roads. Telephone and broadband allows access to these
facilities and providers and can be a critical factor in health and safety
emergencies.

 Additionally, voice service provided as a part of this project would meet all
safety standards, including battery backup, E911 data and access to local PSAPs.


 V. Compliance Requirements

 AEC is required to comply with all the guidelines, requirements, and conditions
associated with the grant of CASF funds as specified in D.12-02-015. Such
compliance includes, but is not limited to:

 A. California Environmental Quality Act (CEQA)

 All CASF grants are subject to CEQA requirements. The Commission must complete
environmental review before funding construction projects, unless the projects
are statutorily or categorically exempt pursuant to the CEQA Guidelines.

 AEC has provided the Commission with their plan to use existing infrastructure
for the installation of a fiber-to-the-premises (FTTP) system in their service
area. Existing electrical infrastructure (with over 700 miles of line and
associated poles) provides power to area residents and businesses. AEC has been
providing power to the area since 1955 and owns most of the existing towers,
buildings, conduits, ducts, rights-of-way, trenches and other facilities (some
poles are owned by Verizon who currently provides telephone service for the
area). AEC will construct its fiber backbone using these existing facilities.
AEC will likewise construct last mile segments in or on existing facilities,
including replacement utility poles (when necessary to meet applicable
engineering and safety standards). AEC anticipates that the only underground
construction that may be required is for short utility extensions. In these
limited instances, AEC may engage in relatively minor ground-disturbing
activities primarily in existing, well-used rights-of-ways and utility easements
in its electric service territory.

 Based on the above information the project qualifies for the following
categorical exemptions from CEQA: This project meets the criteria of the CEQA
categorical exemption for existing facilities (CEQA Guidelines &sect; 15301) and
CEQA Guidelines Section &sect; 15303 &ndash; New Construction or Conversion of
Small Structures, involving construction, installation, and/or conversion of
limited numbers of new and/or existing facilities/structures.

 Resolution T-17503 DRAFT 12/17/2015

 CD/WG1

 11

 B. Deployment Schedule

 The Commission expects AEC to complete the project within 24 months from start
date (as determined by the procedure below). If the applicant is unable to
complete the proposed project within the 24 month timeframe requirement
established by the Commission, it must notify the Director of CD as soon as AEC
becomes aware of this possibility. If such notice is not provided, the
Commission may reduce payment for failure to satisfy the requirement by timely
notifying CD&rsquo;s Director.

 C. Execution and Performance

 CD and AEC shall determine a project start date after the CASF grant recipient
has obtained all approvals. Should AEC or any Contractor it retains fail to
commence work by the designated date, upon five days written notice to AEC, the
Commission may terminate the grant. In the event that AEC fails to complete the
project in accordance with the terms of CPUC approval as set forth in this
resolution, AEC shall reimburse some or all of the CASF funds that it has
received.

 AEC must complete all construction covered by the grant on or before the
termination date.

 D. Performance Bond

 The Commission does not require a performance bond if the applicant is a
CPCN/WIR holder and if the applicant certifies that the percentage of the total
project costs it is providing comes from their capital budget and is not
obtained from outside financing. In its application, AEC certified that the
percentage of the total project costs will come from its existing capital
budget.

 On July 17, 2015, AEC also filed an application for a CPCN, which is currently
pending before the Commission.

 If the Commission grants the CPCN, a performance bond is not required for this
project. However, in the event that the Commission does not award AEC a CPCN,
AEC must provide evidence of an executed performance bond equal to the total
amount payable under the CASF award at the time of the first payment request.

 Resolution T-17503 DRAFT 12/17/2015

 CD/WG1

 12

 D. Price Commitment Period

 The minimum required price commitment period for broadband service to all
households within the project area is two years. AEC exceeds the minimum period
and guarantees the price of service offered in the project area for four years.

 E. Project Audit

 The Commission has the right to conduct any necessary audit, verification, and
discovery during project implementation/construction to ensure that CASF funds
are spent in accordance with Commission approval.

 The recipient&rsquo;s invoices will be subject to a financial audit by the
Commission at any time within three years of completion of the work.

 F. Providing Voice Service

 The proposed project will allow AEC to provide landline voice service via Voice
over Internet Protocol (VoIP). AEC commits to adhere to all FCC requirements in
regards to E911 service and must provide equipment with battery backup.

 G. Reporting

 All grantees must submit quarterly progress reports on the status of the
project irrespective of whether grantees request reimbursement or payment.
Before full payment of the project, AEC must submit a project completion report.
Progress reports shall use the schedule for deployment, major construction
milestones and costs submitted in the proposal; indicate the actual date of
completion of each task/milestone as well as problems and issues encountered,
and the actions taken to resolve these problems and issues during project
implementation and construction; and identify future risks to the project.

 Recipients shall also include test results on the download and upload speeds on
a CBG and zip code basis in the final completion report. AEC must certify that
each progress report is true and correct under penalty of perjury.

 H. Submission of Form 477

 The FCC currently requires broadband providers to biannually submit the Form
477, which includes speed data. While there is an imperfect match between the
data that is

 Resolution T-17503 DRAFT 12/17/2015

 CD/WG1

 13

 reported in the Form 477 and to the CASF, the Form 477 data will be useful in
documenting CASF deployment for the service providers new service. Pursuant to
General Order 66-C, service providers in California must submit a copy of their
Form 477 data directly to the CPUC concurrent with their submission of the same
data to the FCC for a five-year period after completion of the project.17

 VI. Compliance Requirements

 Submission of invoices from and payments to AEC shall be made at 25-percent
completion intervals, in accordance with Section XI of Appendix 1 of D.12-02-015
and according to the guidelines and supporting documentation required in
D.12-02-015.

 Payment to AEC shall follow the process adopted for funds created under P. U.
Code &sect;270. Payments are generally processed by the Commission, including CD
and Administrative Services review time, within 20-25 business days. The State
Controller&rsquo;s Office (SCO) requires an additional 14- 21 days to issue
payment from the day that requests are received by SCO from Administrative
Services.

 VII. Comments on Draft Resolution

 In compliance with Public Utilities Code &sect; 311(g), a notice letter was
e-mailed on MMM DD, 2015, informing all parties on the CASF Distribution List of
the availability of the draft of this resolution for public comments at the
Commission's website at http://www.cpuc.ca.gov/PUC/documents/. This letter also
informed parties that the final conformed Resolution adopted by the Commission
will be posted and available at this same website.

 VIII. Findings

 1. AEC filed an application for CASF funding for its Connect Anza Project on
July 16, 2015. The proposed project will improve speeds by installing a
fiber-to-the-premise system capable of symmetrical 50 Mbps download/upload
service to upwards of 3,751 households in the unincorporated communities of
Anza, Aguanga, Lake Riverside Estates, and Reed Valley in Western Riverside
County. This system would provide broadband Internet service to an area that is

 17 Approval of the California Advanced Services Fund (CASF) Application
Requirements and Scoring Criteria for Awarding CASF Funds (2008) Cal. P.U.C.
Res. No. T-17143 at 4.

 Resolution T-17503 DRAFT 12/17/2015

 CD/WG1

 14

 currently underserved. The CBGs impacted by the project are 060650444021,
060650444022, 060650444023, 060650444031, 060650444032 and 060650444033.

 2. CD posted the proposed project area map, CBGs and zip codes by county for
the AEC Connect Anza Project on the Commission&rsquo;s CASF webpage under
&ldquo;CASF Application Project Summaries&rdquo; on July 17, 2015. CD received
no challenges to this project.

 3. CD reviewed and analyzed data submitted for the AEC Connect Anza
Project&rsquo;s CASF grant application to determine the project&rsquo;s
eligibility for CASF funding. This data included, but was not limited to:
descriptions of current and proposed broadband infrastructure; geographic
information system (GIS) formatted shapefiles mapping the project areas;
assertion that the area is underserved; number of potential subscriber
households and average incomes; project construction schedule; project budget;
proposed pricing and commitment period for new subscribers; and financial
viability of the applicant.

 4. CD reviewed the submitted shapefiles, which mapped the proposed broadband
deployment using United States 2010 Census data and the California Interactive
Broadband Availability Maps, with availability data current as of June 30, 2014.
These maps helped to verify the availability and speed of any broadband service,
where available. The project area was determined to be underserved.

 5. Based on its review, CD determined that the project qualifies for funding
under D. 12-02-015 and recommends Commission approval of CASF funding for
AEC&rsquo;s Connect Anza Project.

 6. AEC is required to comply with all guidelines, requirements, and conditions
associated with the granting of CASF funds as specified in D.12-02-015 and must
submit the FCC Form 477, as specified in T-17143.

 7. The Commission finds CD&rsquo;s recommendation to fund AEC&rsquo;s project,
as summarized in Appendix A, to be reasonable and consistent with Commission
orders and, therefore, adopts such recommendation.

 8. The Commission has determined that the project is categorically exempt from
CEQA review, under Sections 15301, 15303 and 15304 of the CEQA Guidelines
because the project involves minor modifications to existing structures and
facilities and possibly a minor amount of trenching where the surface will be
restored to existing conditions.

 Resolution T-17503 DRAFT 12/17/2015

 CD/WG1

 15

 9. AEC will be required to show evidence of a performance bond at time of first
payment if its CPCN application is not been granted. If the CPCN is granted, AEC
is not required to post a performance bond because 40% of the total project cost
will be financed through AEC&rsquo;s existing capital budget.

 10. A notice letter was e-mailed on November 13, 2015, informing all applicants
filing for CASF funding, parties on the CASF distribution list of the
availability of the draft of this Resolution for public comments at the
Commission&rsquo;s website http://www.cpuc.ca.gov/PUC/documents/. This letter
also informed parties that the final confirmed Resolution adopted by the
Commission will be posted and available at this same website.

 THEREFORE, IT IS ORDERED that:

 1. The Commission shall award $2,662,450 to AEC for the Connect Anza Project as
described herein and summarized in Appendix A of this Resolution.

 2. The program fund payment of $2,662,450 for this project in underserved areas
shall be paid out of the CASF Infrastructure Grant Account in accordance with
the guidelines adopted in D.12-02-015, including compliance with CEQA.

 3. Payments to the CASF recipient shall be in accordance with Section XI of
Appendix 1 of D.12-02-015 and in accordance with the process defined in the
&ldquo;Payments to CASF Recipients&rdquo; section of this Resolution.

 4. The CASF fund recipient, AEC, shall comply with all guidelines, requirements
and conditions associated with the CASF funds award as specified in D.12-02-015
and must submit the FCC Form 477 to the Commission, as specified in Resolution
T-17143.

 Resolution T-17503 DRAFT 12/17/2015

 CD/WG1

 16

 This Resolution is effective today.

 I hereby certify that this Resolution was adopted by the Public Utilities
Commission at its regular meeting on December 17, 2015. The following
Commissioners approved it:

 TIMOTHY J. SULLIVAN

 Executive Director

 Resolution T-17503

 CD/WG1

 APPENDIX

 Resolution T-17503

 CD/WG1

 Appendix A-1

 APPENDIX A

 Resolution T-17503

 Anza Electric Cooperative, Connect Anza Project

 CASF Applicant Key Information Project Name AEC Connect Anza Project

 Project Plan

 Connect Anza will deploy a fiber optic cable on existing poles and rights of
way and establish a network of sufficient capacity to establish high speed,
quality Internet service for Anza Electric Cooperatives (AEC&rsquo;s) existing
service territory located wholly within western Riverside County.

 Project Size (in square miles)

 213

 Download/Upload speed

 50 Mbps / 50 Mbps

 Location

 Riverside County

 Community Names

 The unincorporated communities of Anza, Aguanga, Lake Riverside Estates, and
Reed Valley

 Census Block Groups

 060650444021, 060650444022, 060650444023, 060650444031, 060650444032,
060650444033

 Weighted Median Household Income

 $48,038

 Zip Codes

 92536, 92539, 92544

 Estimated potential subscriber size

 3,751 households

 Applicant expectations

 1,500 households

 Pricing Plan

 Residential Monthly Charge:

 Standalone: $ 49.99/mo

 With Voice: $ 69.99/mo

 Small Business Charge:

 Standard: $109.99/mo

 With Voice: Additional $35 per line

 (no installation or modem fees)

 Deployment Schedule (from Commission approval date)

 24 months

 Proposed Project Budget (Total)

 $4,437,418.02

 Amount of CASF funds requested (60 percent)

 $2,662,450.81

 Applicant funded (40 percent)

 $1,774,967.21

 Resolution T-17503

 CD/WG1

 Appendix B-1

 Appendix B

 Resolution T-17503 AEC Connect Anza

 Project location map

 Resolution T-17503

 CD/WG1

 Appendix C-1

 Appendix C

 Resolution T-17503 AEC Connect Anza

 Existing broadband download speeds

 Resolution T-17503

 CD/WG1

 Appendix C-1

 Appendix D &ndash; Applicant Provided Mobile Speed Tests

 Resolution T-17503

 CD/WG1

 Appendix A-1

 Resolution T-17503

 CD/WG1

 Appendix A-1

 Resolution T-17503

 CD/WG1

 Appendix A-1



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: November 14, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

               Copyright2015Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              589 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                           The Chronicle (Australia)

                           November 11, 2008 Tuesday
                                 Final Edition

It's all about sustaining life on earth

BYLINE: The Chronicle

SECTION: A; Pg. 32

LENGTH: 633  words


YOU can generate renewable energy and make an immediate and significant
difference to CO2 emissions.

With the new 3.88:1 ACT Feed in tariff law now passed, and a National Gross Feed
In Tariff Bill already introduced into Parliament by the Federal Greens, each
building roof top represents an investment opportunity and relief for the
environment.

Commercial and government building owners, community groups, churches, schools
and residents can all take part and benefit from excellent returns. Being paid
at the 60c per kilowatt hour rate for all solar energy generated, represents
huge savings for consumers and the environment, which is in desperate need of
immediate and responsible management at all levels.

Established Canberra family business, Sophia Moody and Phil May of Solartec
Renewables have been lobbying all levels of Government to reduce the number of
hurdles in front of grid connect solar becoming mainstream, to enable large
scale positive impact on carbon emissions.

With more than 250 Solartec systems already generating green power locally at a
residential level, the possibilities are endless when every building has the
potential to contribute to the environment and community.

Each Grid Connect solar generation plant connects into the existing electricity
lines to provide local renewable energy into the electricity network or grid.
There is no requirement for new infrastructure, no transmission losses and the
need to keep up with demand by continuing to build new coal energy plants is
negated.

Each school in Australia is now eligible to receive a $50,000 grant to install
sustainable products, allowing sizeable solar and wind grid connect systems to
reduce their carbon footprint at no cost to the school.

Solartec Renewables now has a Special Program for schools, community buildings
and churches, which involves larger capacity solar and wind systems with
expansion capabilities for the future.

Churches and community buildings are eligible to receive a 50 per cent rebate
for 2kW systems or greater, while residents are entitled to receive an $8000
rebate for their own Grid Connect systems.

From a background and passion of living on solar power, Phil May and Sophia
Moody of Solartec Renewables provide an effortless transition to generating
renewable energy. The entire process is taken care of, from submitting all
documentation and authority's liaison, to tailored system designs and quality
installation being the foundation of their network of proud Solartec producers.

Extensive experience and involvement in the renewable energy industry provides
comprehensive local technical support.

Customers happily keep in touch with Phil and Sophia post installation providing
updated generation and CO2 saving figures, as well as arranging their system
upgrades as their desire to produce more renewable energy can be realised.

Solar power is effective - a typical system saves over 4.6 tonnes of CO2 every
year at a fraction of the cost, from $6,500.

It is also immediate - Solartec Grid Connect customers experience a sense of
pride and satisfaction with their grid connect systems in operation, knowing
they can typically increase their system size three fold if they wish to in the
future. Their data screens show daily CO2 savings and solar energy production
from their roof.

Owners can typically expect a 50 per cent reduction in their own consumption.

Electricity bills can be greatly reduced or replaced by cheques, as more energy
efficient practices are implemented. Visit Phil May and Sophia Moody of Solartec
Renewables and their working full sized solar display, powering the event at the
Future Footprints Sustainability Expo on Saturday, November 15, at Margaret
Timpson Park Belconnen, from 10am- 5pm.

For more information, phone 6232 9430 or visit www.solartec.com.au

LOAD-DATE: November 10, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Papers


       Copyright 2008 The Federal Capital Press of Australia PTY Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              590 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                        Hervey Bay Observer (Queensland)

                                February 8, 2012

Karen connects with community

SECTION: Pg. 6

LENGTH: 297  words


How long have you lived in Hervey Bay?

Fourteen years.

What community groups do you belong to and why?

Currently co-ordinator of Bay Connect and secretary of Hervey Bay Arts Council
and 13 years with Hervey Bay Information Centre.

Until late last year I worked on the committee of Hervey Bay Neighbourhood
Centre and volunteered for the Athletics and Uniform shop of Sandy Strait State
School.

Describe your role of co-ordinator at Bay Connect?

The co-ordinator's role is to assist as many clients as possible, but at the
same time work any role the same as our volunteers. If we have a sausage sizzle
fundraiser I will be out there with my volunteers.

If we run a raffle or fashion parade I will be working with everyone. Currently
we work with the job networks in providing computer training for the unemployed
and up-skilling programs.

Why should Fraser Coast offer this kind of service?

This program was started in 1998 when computers were new to the public. Our
clients then were mainly aged or Centrelink clients.

Today we assist many who still don't own a computer, whether they're aged,
unemployed or from the general public and the queries still come in as new
programs or operating systems come out. The need grows as new technology
evolves.

What do you love most about Hervey Bay?

The people, the community spirit and the ideal surroundings. But I miss Kathryn
(my daughter), who is currently studying in Canada.

Is there anything else you would like to add?

We are part of the new Community Centre and as we now have PBI status I would
love to look for sponsorship.

I know these are difficult times but if every business took out an ad on Fraser
Coast Online at $49.95 per year we could potentially generate enough income to
stop applying for grants and keep our doors open forever.

LOAD-DATE: February 7, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: FHB


                    Copyright 2012 APN Newspapers Pty. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              591 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       East Torrens Messenger (Australia)

                            June 26, 2013 Wednesday
                          EastTorrensMessenger Edition

Help people to better connect

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 15

LENGTH: 53  words


COMMUNITY organisations and registered charities can apply for funding under
Australia Postâ[#x20ac][TM]s Our Neighbourhood Community Grants program.

Grants of $1000 to $25,000 will be awarded for projects that help connect
communities. Applications are open until Friday (June 28).

For more information visit ourneighbourhood.com.au

LOAD-DATE: June 24, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: East Torrens Messenger


                   Copyright 2013 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              592 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       San Jose Mercury News (California)

                            March 28, 2013 Thursday

Redwood City's only charter school to debut in August

BYLINE: By Bonnie Eslinger Daily News Staff Writer

SECTION: BREAKING; Communities; Peninsula; News; Local

LENGTH: 385 words


A new charter school that will open in Redwood City in August has picked a
principal and enrolled its first wave of students.

Teachers are being hired and details such as lunch and after-school programs are
being worked out, said Whitney Wood, one of the parents who created the school
and worked to get it approved by the Redwood City School District last year.

"We have a huge amount of work ahead of us, there's no doubt about that," Wood
said. "But now we have a parent population to help."

Connect Community Charter School -- the district's only charter -- expects to
open with 140 students in kindergarten, first, second and sixth grades and to
add students and grades each following year until it eventually grows to 300
students in grades K-6. For now, the school will consist of six classrooms and
an administrative office on the Fair Oaks School campus at 2950 Fair Oaks Ave.

More than 240 families applied and students were chosen through a lottery system
administered with the help of Redwood City Mayor Alicia Aguirre on March 3.
Because it recruited students who reflect the school district's general
population, Connect Community ended up with a first-year group that is 59
percent Latino, 31 percent Caucasian and 10 percent other or mixed races,
according to school officials.

Last week, the charter school announced it hired Mary Katayama as the founding
principal. She is a curriculum specialist at the private Mulberry Elementary
School in Los Gatos. Katayama has a master's degree in education and teaching
credential from the University of California, Los Angeles. She has taught in
public elementary schools for 14 years, according to the charter school
announcement.

Katayama was chosen through an extensive search process, Wood said. She and two
other finalists were interviewed by several school panels that included board
members, teachers, parents and even children.

Connect Community promotes itself as a school that will provide hands-on
learning, where students will feel connected to their teachers and each other.

As with all charter schools in California, Connect Community will receive
student-based state funding. It also has applied for a $250,000 state grant
available to charter schools.

Email Bonnie Eslinger atbeslinger@dailynewsgroup.com ; follow her
attwitter.com/bonnieeslinger .

LOAD-DATE: March 29, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2013 San Jose Mercury News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              593 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                      Copyright 2016 Zoom Information Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                            Zoom Company Information

                                   July 2016

                      Labor's Community Service Agency Inc

                      1125 SE Madison Street  Suite #103-B
                              Portland,  OR 97214
                                 United States

* * * * * * * * * * COMMUNICATIONS * * * * * * * * * *
TELEPHONE: (503) 231-4962
FAX: (503) 231-4963
URL: csain1001.qwestoffice.net

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
EMPLOYEES: 12

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *

   LCSA is a partnership of the United Way of the Columbia-Willamette and
organized labor (AFL-CIO). Active in the community since 1974, LCSA engages in
cooperative relationships with community-based partners to develop, sponsor, and
participate in a wide range of health and human services.  LCSA is funded by
United Way of the Columbia-Willamette, state and federally funded grants, and
dontions from local organizations and individuals.  Through funding and
partnership with Worksystems, Inc. and WorkSource Portland Metro, LCSA's WIA
Labor Liaison Grant connects workers facing job loss with local dislocated
worker services, including skill identification and upgrades, job resources, and
information on how to file unemployment claims. The Labor Liaison also promotes
apprenticeship programs in the building and construction trades. When needed,
LCSA provides "Peer Advocates" who can offer personalized support and resources
to workers affected by layoff.  The Agency also partners with Community
Solutions for Clackamas County on its Hire Oregon Veterans (HOV) grant. The HOV
grant helps Vets connect with family-wage jobs and Veterans services.

* * * * * * * * * * FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *

REVENUE: USD 2,400,000

LOAD-DATE: July 14, 2016


                              594 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            February 6, 2017 Monday

Washington: 21 New National Park Projects Promote Community Building &
Exploration

LENGTH: 1087  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: National Park Foundation has issued the following news release:



 Twenty-one new projects at national parks across the country will give kids and
adults the opportunity to come together with their neighbors to recreate, learn,
and have fun thanks to Active Trails grants from the National Park Foundation,
the official charity of America's national parks.





 The 21 grants announced today total $485,000 and provide funding for parks
across the country to collaborate with community partners to offer a variety of
activities for people of all ages.



 "National parks offer great spaces to build community. Whether it is admiring a
dark night sky, walking in the footsteps of your ancestors, or taking part in a
fun outdoor challenge, our Active Trails grants make it possible for people from
all backgrounds to engage in activities that bring us together in national
parks," said Susan Newton, senior vice president of grants & programs at the
National Park Foundation.



 "As the National Park Service enters its second century of service, connecting
more people to parks, trails, and heritage areas builds on the success of our
centennial and prepares us for the 50th anniversary of the National Trails
System in 2018," said Rita Hennessy, the National Park Service National Trails
System program manager. "These grants will encourage new generations of visitors
to build their own connections to America's remarkable places, where they can be
active and inspired."



 Since 2008, the National Park Foundation has granted nearly $3.8 million
through its Active Trails program. As of early 2016, Active Trails has engaged
more than 15,000 volunteers and nearly 900 project partners.



 Collaborations between schools, teachers, youth groups, Friends Groups, and
other partner organizations make each grantee's project possible. Examples
include:



     Freedom's Frontier National Heritage Area (Kansas) Students from Topeka,
Kansas will kick-start the development of a heritage trail that spans five miles
through four urban neighborhoods and connects ten heritage sites including Brown
v. Board of Education National Historic Site, two Network to Freedom sites,
multiple National Register of Historic Places sites, the Kansas River National
Water Trail, and a future Oregon-California Trail park. Students will research,
design, and paint interpretive sidewalk murals that depict the historic
connections between each of the heritage sites along the trail. They will also
collect oral histories from cross-generational audiences during a community
event.

     Grand Canyon National Park (Arizona) The park and Grand Canyon School will
host "Phantom Challenge" (named in honor of Phantom Ranch at the base of the
canyon) to encourage underserved community members to get outdoors and explore
the park. The challenge is a race to see who can exercise the length of the
Grand Canyon (277 miles!) over the course of a year. A display board at the
local school will visually track the student miles. They can walk, run,
snowshoe, bike, etc. to get the miles, as long as they do it outside. Each month
the school will host 1-2 weekend activities designed for the community to get
outside together and recreate.

     Katahdin Woods and Waters National Monument (Maine) In partnership with the
Bangor YMCA, the park will offer youth and seniors of eastern Maine a variety of
activities including snowshoeing, hiking, biking, canoeing, trail restoration,
and camping under the stars.

     Little Bighorn Battlefield National Monument (Montana) and Mammoth Cave
National Park (Kentucky) Both parks will implement new "Night Sky" programs. At
Mammoth Cave, the thick forest canopy blocks city lights along the horizon
making nighttime in the park very dark - a rarity in the eastern United States.
Visitors to Little Bighorn can witness the soldiers' last night sky before their
fateful encounter at the Battle of Little Bighorn, and learn how American
Indians would have interpreted the sky in their own cultures.

     War in the Pacific National Historical Park (Guam) This "Discovery" project
will engage at-risk youth in trail and habitat improvement activities to protect
the park's resources and connect them to their heritage. Additionally, the
project will engage a terrestrial biologist and other traditional plant use
experts to develop interpretive signage and an app, and to present at field days
to educate locals and visitors about these vital plant resources.



 The entire list of the 2017 Active Trails recipients can be found here.



 The Active Trails projects are great examples of the countless ways there are
to #FindYourPark. Launched in March 2015, Find Your Park/Encuentra Tu Parque is
a public awareness and education movement to inspire people from all backgrounds
to connect with, celebrate, and support America's national parks and community
-based programs. #FindYourPark invites people to discover and share their own
unique connections to our nation's natural landscapes, vibrant culture, and rich
history.



 The National Park Foundation wishes to thank The Coca-Cola Company and The
Coca-Cola Foundation for their generous support of the Active Trails program.



 ABOUT THE NATIONAL PARK SERVICE

 More than 25,000 National Park Service employees care for America's 417
national parks and work with communities across the nation to help preserve
local history and create close-to-home recreational opportunities. Visit us at
www.nps.gov, on Facebook www.facebook.com /nationalparkservice, Twitter
www.twitter.com /natlparkservice, and YouTube www.youtube.com
/nationalparkservice.



 ABOUT THE NATIONAL PARK FOUNDATION

 The National Park Foundation is the official charity of America's national
parks and nonprofit partner to the National Park Service.  Chartered by Congress
in 1967, the National Park Foundation raises private funds to help PROTECT more
than 84 million acres of national parks through critical conservation and
preservation efforts, CONNECT all Americans with their incomparable natural
landscapes, vibrant culture and rich history, and INSPIRE the next generation of
park stewards. In 2016, commemorating the National Park Service's 100th
anniversary, the Foundation launched The Centennial Campaign for America's
National Parks, a $350 million comprehensive fundraising campaign to strengthen
and enhance the future of these national treasures for the next hundred years.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:

 editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: February 7, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2017 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              595 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            February 6, 2017 Monday

Washington: 21 New National Park Projects Promote Community Building &
Exploration

LENGTH: 1087  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: National Park Foundation has issued the following news release:



 Twenty-one new projects at national parks across the country will give kids and
adults the opportunity to come together with their neighbors to recreate, learn,
and have fun thanks to Active Trails grants from the National Park Foundation,
the official charity of America's national parks.





 The 21 grants announced today total $485,000 and provide funding for parks
across the country to collaborate with community partners to offer a variety of
activities for people of all ages.



 "National parks offer great spaces to build community. Whether it is admiring a
dark night sky, walking in the footsteps of your ancestors, or taking part in a
fun outdoor challenge, our Active Trails grants make it possible for people from
all backgrounds to engage in activities that bring us together in national
parks," said Susan Newton, senior vice president of grants & programs at the
National Park Foundation.



 "As the National Park Service enters its second century of service, connecting
more people to parks, trails, and heritage areas builds on the success of our
centennial and prepares us for the 50th anniversary of the National Trails
System in 2018," said Rita Hennessy, the National Park Service National Trails
System program manager. "These grants will encourage new generations of visitors
to build their own connections to America's remarkable places, where they can be
active and inspired."



 Since 2008, the National Park Foundation has granted nearly $3.8 million
through its Active Trails program. As of early 2016, Active Trails has engaged
more than 15,000 volunteers and nearly 900 project partners.



 Collaborations between schools, teachers, youth groups, Friends Groups, and
other partner organizations make each grantee's project possible. Examples
include:



     Freedom's Frontier National Heritage Area (Kansas) Students from Topeka,
Kansas will kick-start the development of a heritage trail that spans five miles
through four urban neighborhoods and connects ten heritage sites including Brown
v. Board of Education National Historic Site, two Network to Freedom sites,
multiple National Register of Historic Places sites, the Kansas River National
Water Trail, and a future Oregon-California Trail park. Students will research,
design, and paint interpretive sidewalk murals that depict the historic
connections between each of the heritage sites along the trail. They will also
collect oral histories from cross-generational audiences during a community
event.

     Grand Canyon National Park (Arizona) The park and Grand Canyon School will
host "Phantom Challenge" (named in honor of Phantom Ranch at the base of the
canyon) to encourage underserved community members to get outdoors and explore
the park. The challenge is a race to see who can exercise the length of the
Grand Canyon (277 miles!) over the course of a year. A display board at the
local school will visually track the student miles. They can walk, run,
snowshoe, bike, etc. to get the miles, as long as they do it outside. Each month
the school will host 1-2 weekend activities designed for the community to get
outside together and recreate.

     Katahdin Woods and Waters National Monument (Maine) In partnership with the
Bangor YMCA, the park will offer youth and seniors of eastern Maine a variety of
activities including snowshoeing, hiking, biking, canoeing, trail restoration,
and camping under the stars.

     Little Bighorn Battlefield National Monument (Montana) and Mammoth Cave
National Park (Kentucky) Both parks will implement new "Night Sky" programs. At
Mammoth Cave, the thick forest canopy blocks city lights along the horizon
making nighttime in the park very dark - a rarity in the eastern United States.
Visitors to Little Bighorn can witness the soldiers' last night sky before their
fateful encounter at the Battle of Little Bighorn, and learn how American
Indians would have interpreted the sky in their own cultures.

     War in the Pacific National Historical Park (Guam) This "Discovery" project
will engage at-risk youth in trail and habitat improvement activities to protect
the park's resources and connect them to their heritage. Additionally, the
project will engage a terrestrial biologist and other traditional plant use
experts to develop interpretive signage and an app, and to present at field days
to educate locals and visitors about these vital plant resources.



 The entire list of the 2017 Active Trails recipients can be found here.



 The Active Trails projects are great examples of the countless ways there are
to #FindYourPark. Launched in March 2015, Find Your Park/Encuentra Tu Parque is
a public awareness and education movement to inspire people from all backgrounds
to connect with, celebrate, and support America's national parks and community
-based programs. #FindYourPark invites people to discover and share their own
unique connections to our nation's natural landscapes, vibrant culture, and rich
history.



 The National Park Foundation wishes to thank The Coca-Cola Company and The
Coca-Cola Foundation for their generous support of the Active Trails program.



 ABOUT THE NATIONAL PARK SERVICE

 More than 25,000 National Park Service employees care for America's 417
national parks and work with communities across the nation to help preserve
local history and create close-to-home recreational opportunities. Visit us at
www.nps.gov, on Facebook www.facebook.com /nationalparkservice, Twitter
www.twitter.com /natlparkservice, and YouTube www.youtube.com
/nationalparkservice.



 ABOUT THE NATIONAL PARK FOUNDATION

 The National Park Foundation is the official charity of America's national
parks and nonprofit partner to the National Park Service.  Chartered by Congress
in 1967, the National Park Foundation raises private funds to help PROTECT more
than 84 million acres of national parks through critical conservation and
preservation efforts, CONNECT all Americans with their incomparable natural
landscapes, vibrant culture and rich history, and INSPIRE the next generation of
park stewards. In 2016, commemorating the National Park Service's 100th
anniversary, the Foundation launched The Centennial Campaign for America's
National Parks, a $350 million comprehensive fundraising campaign to strengthen
and enhance the future of these national treasures for the next hundred years.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:

 editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: February 6, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2017 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              596 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            February 6, 2017 Monday

Washington: 21 New National Park Projects Promote Community Building &
Exploration

LENGTH: 1087  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: National Park Foundation has issued the following news release:



 Twenty-one new projects at national parks across the country will give kids and
adults the opportunity to come together with their neighbors to recreate, learn,
and have fun thanks to Active Trails grants from the National Park Foundation,
the official charity of America's national parks.





 The 21 grants announced today total $485,000 and provide funding for parks
across the country to collaborate with community partners to offer a variety of
activities for people of all ages.



 "National parks offer great spaces to build community. Whether it is admiring a
dark night sky, walking in the footsteps of your ancestors, or taking part in a
fun outdoor challenge, our Active Trails grants make it possible for people from
all backgrounds to engage in activities that bring us together in national
parks," said Susan Newton, senior vice president of grants & programs at the
National Park Foundation.



 "As the National Park Service enters its second century of service, connecting
more people to parks, trails, and heritage areas builds on the success of our
centennial and prepares us for the 50th anniversary of the National Trails
System in 2018," said Rita Hennessy, the National Park Service National Trails
System program manager. "These grants will encourage new generations of visitors
to build their own connections to America's remarkable places, where they can be
active and inspired."



 Since 2008, the National Park Foundation has granted nearly $3.8 million
through its Active Trails program. As of early 2016, Active Trails has engaged
more than 15,000 volunteers and nearly 900 project partners.



 Collaborations between schools, teachers, youth groups, Friends Groups, and
other partner organizations make each grantee's project possible. Examples
include:



     Freedom's Frontier National Heritage Area (Kansas) Students from Topeka,
Kansas will kick-start the development of a heritage trail that spans five miles
through four urban neighborhoods and connects ten heritage sites including Brown
v. Board of Education National Historic Site, two Network to Freedom sites,
multiple National Register of Historic Places sites, the Kansas River National
Water Trail, and a future Oregon-California Trail park. Students will research,
design, and paint interpretive sidewalk murals that depict the historic
connections between each of the heritage sites along the trail. They will also
collect oral histories from cross-generational audiences during a community
event.

     Grand Canyon National Park (Arizona) The park and Grand Canyon School will
host "Phantom Challenge" (named in honor of Phantom Ranch at the base of the
canyon) to encourage underserved community members to get outdoors and explore
the park. The challenge is a race to see who can exercise the length of the
Grand Canyon (277 miles!) over the course of a year. A display board at the
local school will visually track the student miles. They can walk, run,
snowshoe, bike, etc. to get the miles, as long as they do it outside. Each month
the school will host 1-2 weekend activities designed for the community to get
outside together and recreate.

     Katahdin Woods and Waters National Monument (Maine) In partnership with the
Bangor YMCA, the park will offer youth and seniors of eastern Maine a variety of
activities including snowshoeing, hiking, biking, canoeing, trail restoration,
and camping under the stars.

     Little Bighorn Battlefield National Monument (Montana) and Mammoth Cave
National Park (Kentucky) Both parks will implement new "Night Sky" programs. At
Mammoth Cave, the thick forest canopy blocks city lights along the horizon
making nighttime in the park very dark - a rarity in the eastern United States.
Visitors to Little Bighorn can witness the soldiers' last night sky before their
fateful encounter at the Battle of Little Bighorn, and learn how American
Indians would have interpreted the sky in their own cultures.

     War in the Pacific National Historical Park (Guam) This "Discovery" project
will engage at-risk youth in trail and habitat improvement activities to protect
the park's resources and connect them to their heritage. Additionally, the
project will engage a terrestrial biologist and other traditional plant use
experts to develop interpretive signage and an app, and to present at field days
to educate locals and visitors about these vital plant resources.



 The entire list of the 2017 Active Trails recipients can be found here.



 The Active Trails projects are great examples of the countless ways there are
to #FindYourPark. Launched in March 2015, Find Your Park/Encuentra Tu Parque is
a public awareness and education movement to inspire people from all backgrounds
to connect with, celebrate, and support America's national parks and community
-based programs. #FindYourPark invites people to discover and share their own
unique connections to our nation's natural landscapes, vibrant culture, and rich
history.



 The National Park Foundation wishes to thank The Coca-Cola Company and The
Coca-Cola Foundation for their generous support of the Active Trails program.



 ABOUT THE NATIONAL PARK SERVICE

 More than 25,000 National Park Service employees care for America's 417
national parks and work with communities across the nation to help preserve
local history and create close-to-home recreational opportunities. Visit us at
www.nps.gov, on Facebook www.facebook.com /nationalparkservice, Twitter
www.twitter.com /natlparkservice, and YouTube www.youtube.com
/nationalparkservice.



 ABOUT THE NATIONAL PARK FOUNDATION

 The National Park Foundation is the official charity of America's national
parks and nonprofit partner to the National Park Service.  Chartered by Congress
in 1967, the National Park Foundation raises private funds to help PROTECT more
than 84 million acres of national parks through critical conservation and
preservation efforts, CONNECT all Americans with their incomparable natural
landscapes, vibrant culture and rich history, and INSPIRE the next generation of
park stewards. In 2016, commemorating the National Park Service's 100th
anniversary, the Foundation launched The Centennial Campaign for America's
National Parks, a $350 million comprehensive fundraising campaign to strengthen
and enhance the future of these national treasures for the next hundred years.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:

 editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: February 7, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2017 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              597 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                           Bangor Daily News (Maine)

                             May 29, 2008 Thursday
                          State Edition; Final Edition

High school gets grant for college programs

SECTION: Pg. B2

LENGTH: 151 words

DATELINE: GUILFORD


A $44,000 MELMAC-Connect Aspirations to a Plan grant awarded to Piscataquis
Community High School will fund programs that connect students to a college plan
while attending high school.

The three-year grant focuses on college visits, grade-level transitions,
PSAT-SAT preparation, financial aid education, community education and college
data systems. It also will help fund a part-time teacher to assist the school's
guidance department with implementing the new program.

PCHS received a MELMAC grant last fall that afforded the school the opportunity
to apply for this grant. The school used the planning portion to fund a
University of Maine tour for sophomores and juniors. Jim Chasse, school
principal, and Kelly MacFayden, guidance counselor, co-wrote the grant.

The MELMAC Education Foundation was established in January 2001 as a foundation
dedicated to advance the cause of education for all Mainers.

LOAD-DATE: May 29, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2008 Bangor Daily News


                              598 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                  The State Journal-Register (Springfield, IL)

                           August 22, 2001 Wednesday

Bike trails' next link will be a short one

BYLINE: RALPH LOOS OUTDOORS EDITOR

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 399 words


Creating a network of recreational trails in Springfield at times seems like a
game of "connect the dots."

The latest addition appears to be a short bike trail to be built by the Sangamon
County Highway Department that will run parallel to East Lake Shore Drive. It
will begin just east of Spaulding Dam, near the boat launch, and end at
Rochester Road. The proposed trail is less than a mile in length - 3,757 feet to
be exact - and has a price tag of $260,465.

Half of that money is coming from the state Department of Natural Resources'
Bike Path Grant Program.

Ron Hallberg of Natural Resources' grant administration office says the plan is
for a paved, 12-foot-wide trail on the lake side of East Lake Shore Drive. A
three-mile bike lane addition to Rochester Road would allow the unnamed trail to
connect with Rochester City Park and subsequently Lost Bridge Trail, a five-mile
bike-and-hike path from the park to the Illinois Department of Transportation
Building in Springfield.

When the Bunn Park Trail - running from Stanford Avenue through Dreamland Park
and to Ash Street on the city's east side - is completed, the short stretch on
East Lake Shore Drive will connect the Bunn Park Trail to Lost Bridge Trail.

Although he wasn't aware of the latest addition to the local trail network, Karl
Kohlrus of the Sangamon Valley Trails Coalition was happy to hear about it.

"It's not a big trail, but every little bit helps," said Kohlrus.

The state on Tuesday awarded a total of $3.2 million in grants for 22 community
bicycle path projects statewide. More than 832 miles of trails have been funded
as part of the Bike Path Grant Program, which was established in 1989.

Brent Manning, director of Natural Resources, said his agency received 49
applications seeking $7 million in funding.

"This matching-grant program for trails and greenways is very competitive
because community leaders know their citizens want more safe places to ride,
skate and hike," said Manning.

Hallberg said there is hope that the trail along East Lake Shore Drive can
someday be extended.

"We'd love Sangamon County or City Water, Light and Power to come in and want to
continue the trail on down the lake," he said. "That's our goal."

Hallberg said no timeline has been established for construction of the trail.
County officials were not available for comment Tuesday.

LOAD-DATE: August 28, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES: ON WEB SITE

TYPE: LOCAL

                   Copyright 2001 The State Journal-Register


                              599 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          Brimbank Leader (Australia)

                           February 23, 2010 Tuesday
                                 1 - BM Edition

New shop to promote participation

BYLINE: Community | Linh Ly

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 11

LENGTH: 214  words


PLANS to develop wellbeing within the St Albans community are moving along with
the St Albans Connect Shopfront now open for business.

The shopfront, at 10C East Esplanade, is part of a $1.2 million renewal program
to increase social and economic activity.

Brimbank administrator Peter Lewinsky encouraged members of the community to
drop by to talk about projects in the area.

``We believe community participation is essential to the success of the project
and therefore there will be many opportunities for the community to be involved
in one-off projects or ongoing planning and decision-making forums,'' he said.

Two staff members will be at the shopfront between 10am and 2pm, Monday to
Friday.

They will be available for residents and businesses to discuss State and Local
Government projects or seek information about opportunities they could be
eligible for, such as a recent council grant available for shopfront makeovers.

Shop owners can apply for funding of up to $1000 to give their shopfronts a
facelift, with the council matching their spending dollar for dollar. Applicants
will also be available for an $800 bonus to remove existing roller shutters.

Applications will be accepted until March 12. Shop owners can call 9310 7341 for
information or drop into the Connect Shopfront.

LOAD-DATE: February 23, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Magazine

JOURNAL-CODE: BMV


                   Copyright 2010 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              600 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                           The Decorah Journal (Iowa)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                               September 26, 2013

NICC committed to sound fiscal stewardship

BYLINE: The Decorah Journal staff

LENGTH: 1089  words


N1CC is in a good financial position.

Northeast Iowa Community College officials recently presented their financial
report for fiscal year 2013.

The report shared many indicators showing the College's overall financial health
and ongoing commitment to sound fiscal steward ship.

Highlights from the annual fi nancial report, presented by NICC Executive
Director of Finance Tom Ridout, included the refinancing of the 260E New Jobs
Training bonds by NICC that saved the state of Iowa $1.1 million in interest
expense; the freezing of fiscal year 2014 tuition and fees at the fiscal year
2014 level; the conclusion of seven major infrastructure projects supported by
the $35 million facilities bond levy that voters approved in 2007 and the
maintaining of an appropriate unrestricted general fund balance.

This month, NICC district voters also passed the College's 2014-cent levy by a
wide margin of 78 percent, the highest voter approval since the creation of the
levy for Iowa community colleges in 1966. The levy, which will help fund
equipment and technology purchases, library acquisitions, utilities payments and
maintenance for 10 years, is a portion of the total 6 percent in annual local
support to NICC.

Board elections

In school district elections Sept. 10, voters elected Bob Shafer, of Dubuque, to
serve a four-year term as an NICC Trustee. Shafer ran for the open District 9
seat vacated by Ronda Kirkegaard, who retired after 15 years of service on the
board. Shafer will represent the Dubuque Community School District. He is vice
president of finance and chief financial officer for Mercy Medical Center.

Other NICC Trustees re-elected by district voters included: John Rothlisberger,
of Fredericksburg, District 1; Kathy Gunderson, of Postville, District 2; Gene
Fuelling, of Oelwein, District 4; and David Schueller, of Peosta, District 6.

Enrollment gains

NICC experienced modest stu dent enrollment gains in headcount compared to fall
2012.

The fall 2013 enrollment report demonstrated that high school stu dents
throughout the district ac counted for a larger portion of over all enrollment.

In fall 2012, district enrollment headcount was 5,018, compared to this
semester's figure of 5,201, a gain of 3.65 percent. The enrollment numbers also
show a larger proportion of students are enrolled part-time than full-time: 64
percent of NICC students are part-time, en rolled in 12 credits or fewer, and 36
percent of students have full-time status.

Kathy Nacos-Burds, vice president of academic affairs explained that students
with work and family responsibilities are often not able to attend NICC on a
full-time basis. Credit hour enrollment is down 2.55 percent from the previous
fall semester, from 45,545 to 44,382 this fall.

Open house

At the Calmar campus, a new health simulation lab and cosmetology salon open
house will take place at Max Clark Hall Monday, Oct. 14, from 4-7 p.m. Visitors
may tour the new lab and learn about the new instructional technology. The
renovated cosmetology salon event will offer tours, door prizes and
opportunities to earndiscounts for services at the full-service salon, which is
open to the public throughout the year.

On Monday, Oct. 21, the Calmar campus will honor two outstanding alumni and an
outstanding NICC retiree for their career success and service to the community.

The event will celebrate the achievements of alumni members Tami Brincks, of
Calmar; Dr. John Pleggenkuhle, of West Union; and retiree Darwin Schrage, of
West Union.

The Board approved a preliminary 260E Iowa New Jobs Training Program agreement
with Feather lite, Inc., of Cresco. The manu facturer plans to hire 50 new
employees for an estimated bond issuance of $195,000. The College is cur rently
working on 109 similar 260E agreements for the next two years with a total
estimated training value of $12 million. Through more than $74 million in job
training agreements, over 14,000 new jobs have been created within the
College's' district since 1985, according to< NICC Vice President of Business;
and Community Solutions Wendy Mihm-Herold, Ph.D.

Mihm-Herold presented fiscal year 2013 goals and outcomes for Business and
Community Solutions to the Trustees. During the past1 year, the division met its
goals and. surpassed student registration goals, of 32,000 with 39,500
registrations;, and expanded upon an initial goal of 3,600 individual classes by
offering 4,868 classes in fiscal year 2013.. The course offerings range from
re-certification in a profession, to, computer skills, interpersonal development
and certificates that lead to employment in advanced manufacturing, health and
information technology.

In her report, Mihm-Herold shared news on the official closing of a Department
of Labor State Energy Sector Partnership (SESP) grant this year that showed re
marktble outcomes. The SESP grant awarded to NICC on behalf of Iowa Workforce
Development, along with economic development boards, employers and workforce
agencies as members of the North east Iowa Energy Sector Team, achieved training
and job placement outcomes far higher than initially anticipated.

Mihm-Herold credited Kyra Bellrichard, NICC Business and Community Solutions
program manager, for coordinating the successful SESP grant training programs
and their exceptional out comes.

Total participants the grant planned to serve was 84 and the grant served 221
participants, 263 percent higher than anticipated; 211 participants received a
credential out of 84 proposed, an increase of 264 percent; and 183 individuals
who completed the training entered or retained employment out of 75 originally
proposed, which is an increase of 244 percent. The SESP grant funded training in
BPI Building Analyst, solar thermal in stallation, solar photovoltaic and other
green sector jobs training.

Career Connect

This fall, NICC will launch Career Connect, an online career management system
for students, alumni and employers in Northeast Iowa.

With the support of federal Department of Education Title III grant funds,
Career Connect will offer online resume assistance for students and alumni;
resources and links to job listing services from Access Dubuque, Decorah Jobs
and Iowa Workforce Development; an online portal for employers to list job
postings and many other features through the Career Services offices at NICC.

The Trustees approved full-time employment assignments at the Calmar campus for
Randi Burns, counselor; Lisa Fiorucci adult education and literacy academy
instructor; and Gena Gesing, high school partnerships coordinator.

LOAD-DATE: July 31, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Local Government

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: DEC

                      Copyright 2013 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                         Copyright 2013 Decorah Journal


                              601 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                           Bangor Daily News (Maine)

                              July 18, 2016 Monday

HUD awards Caribou portion of federal grant

LENGTH: 359 words

DATELINE: BOSTON


- The U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development (HUD) on July 18 awarded
$439,537 in Maine to help families living in public housing and those
participating in HUD's Housing Choice Voucher Program connect with services to
further their education, find good jobs, and to set them on a path to
self-sufficiency.


Of $75 million being awarded nationwide, Maine will receive $439,537; in
Aroostook County, the city of Caribou will get $48,729.


Funded through HUD's Family Self-Sufficiency Program (FSS), these grants allow
public housing agencies (PHAs) to work with social service agencies, community
colleges, businesses and other local partners to help public housing residents
and individuals participating in HUD's Housing Choice Voucher Program advance
their education or gain marketable skills that will help them get a job or
advance in their current workplace. As of fiscal year 2015, recipients of
Project-Based Rental Assistance are also eligible to participate.


The FSS program helps local public housing authorities hire service coordinators
who work directly with residents to connect them with programs and services that
already exist in the local community, thereby helping participating families to
find jobs, increase earned income, reduce or eliminate the need for rental
and/or welfare assistance, and make progress toward achieving economic
independence and housing self-sufficiency.


Participants in the program sign a five-year contract that requires the head of
the household to obtain employment. At the end of the five years no one in the
family is to receive cash welfare assistance. Families in the FSS program have
an interest-bearing escrow account established for them. The amount credited to
the family's escrow account is based on increases in the family's earned income
during the term of the FSS contract.


If the family successfully completes the contract, they receive the escrow funds
that it can use for any purpose, including improving credit scores, paying
educational expenses, or a down-payment on a home.


HUD is currently conducting a longitudinal study on the program, with the first
set of results expected in 2018.

LOAD-DATE: July 19, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2016 Bangor Daily News


                              602 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                           Bangor Daily News (Maine)

                              July 18, 2016 Monday

HUD awards Caribou portion of federal grant

LENGTH: 359 words

DATELINE: BOSTON


- The U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development (HUD) on July 18 awarded
$439,537 in Maine to help families living in public housing and those
participating in HUD's Housing Choice Voucher Program connect with services to
further their education, find good jobs, and to set them on a path to
self-sufficiency.


Of $75 million being awarded nationwide, Maine will receive $439,537; in
Aroostook County, the city of Caribou will get $48,729.


Funded through HUD's Family Self-Sufficiency Program (FSS), these grants allow
public housing agencies (PHAs) to work with social service agencies, community
colleges, businesses and other local partners to help public housing residents
and individuals participating in HUD's Housing Choice Voucher Program advance
their education or gain marketable skills that will help them get a job or
advance in their current workplace. As of fiscal year 2015, recipients of
Project-Based Rental Assistance are also eligible to participate.


The FSS program helps local public housing authorities hire service coordinators
who work directly with residents to connect them with programs and services that
already exist in the local community, thereby helping participating families to
find jobs, increase earned income, reduce or eliminate the need for rental
and/or welfare assistance, and make progress toward achieving economic
independence and housing self-sufficiency.


Participants in the program sign a five-year contract that requires the head of
the household to obtain employment. At the end of the five years no one in the
family is to receive cash welfare assistance. Families in the FSS program have
an interest-bearing escrow account established for them. The amount credited to
the family's escrow account is based on increases in the family's earned income
during the term of the FSS contract.


If the family successfully completes the contract, they receive the escrow funds
that it can use for any purpose, including improving credit scores, paying
educational expenses, or a down-payment on a home.


HUD is currently conducting a longitudinal study on the program, with the first
set of results expected in 2018.

LOAD-DATE: July 19, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2016 Bangor Daily News


                              603 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       TELEGRAM & GAZETTE (Massachusetts)

                             May 24, 2006 Wednesday
                                 NORTH EDITION

Athol park begun;
State grant providing access to Millers River

BYLINE: George Barnes, TELEGRAM & GAZETTE STAFF

SECTION: LOCAL NEWS; Pg. B1

LENGTH: 552 words

DATELINE: ATHOL


A Canada goose and several ducks played along the banks of the Millers River
Monday afternoon, just a short distance from bulldozers and excavators.

The heavy equipment was removing old foundations and brush to make way for a new
town park that will create, for the first time, a direct connection between the
community and the river that runs through it.

Brian Dodge and his company, Royal Oak Builders, started work last week clearing
land for what will be known as the Alan E. Rich Environmental Park, to be named
after the late former selectman and educator who promoted creating better access
to the river.

Town Manager David Ames said the project had been delayed a short time until
bonding issues could be worked out. The work is now on schedule and should be
completed by June 30, the end of the fiscal year.

The contract for the project calls for spending $148,750. Mr. Dodge said the
project will not have any impact on the Athol tax rate.

"It's not being paid for through local taxes. It's through a state grant."

The project will be paid for entirely with a $185,171 Urban River Visions grant
the town received in September from the state Executive Office of Environmental
Affairs. When it is done it will provide parking in three locations along the
river, hiking trails and improved access to the river for canoeists and
fishermen. The park will be on the east side of the river near the South Main
Street Bridge, which serves as the starting line for the annual Athol to Orange
River Rat Race, the community's signature event.

The terms of the state grant require that the park be done by the end of the
fiscal year. Mr. Ames said once it gets closer to completion, he will plan a
grand opening event to celebrate the completion of the work.

The park is part of an overall plan for the area being developed under the state
Urban River Visions program, which did a study of the community and its
connection to the river. The new park will include a trail to connect it to the
rest of Cass Meadow that is on the east side of the river. The town hopes
eventually to build a walking bridge over the river to connect the east and west
sides of the meadow.

On the west side of the river the land is owned by the state Division of
Fisheries & Wildlife, which recently cleared that section of the meadow of brush
and invasive plants. The work was an effort under the agency's upland program to
restore wildlife habitat.

That section of the meadow is near where the Tully River meets the Millers
River.

As a part of the park project, parking lots will also be built on North Orange
Road and Shore Drive. Mr. Dodge said the lots will be small and geared more
toward people looking for a place to view the river rather than for canoe
access.

Mr. Ames said the park project is one of two major projects under way in town.
North Pack Construction Co., which was the contractor for the first phase of the
police station project, returned to work at the 280 Exchange St. project this
week to repair trusses that were out of alignment when a new roof was put on the
former supermarket building.

The town manager said the town is still completing a contract with M. O'Connor
Contracting of Roxbury for the second phase of the project. The company had a
winning bid of $1,647,700 for what is a majority of the work on the station.

LOAD-DATE: May 25, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO
Brian Dodge, owner of Royal Oak Builders, works on a parking lot at the future
Alan E. Rich Environmental Park in Athol.
T&G Staff/RICK CINCLAIR

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2006 Worcester Telegram & Gazette, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              604 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                             Government Technology

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                            March 29, 2017 Wednesday

Anthony Foxx

BYLINE: Ryan McCauley, Government Technology

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 517 words


March 29--Growing up in the shadow of two major Charlotte, N.C., freeways shaped
how Anthony Foxx, former U.S. secretary of transportation, viewed
infrastructure: both its power to connect communities to job centers and
education and the danger it held to segregate communities. It became clear to
him that the decision to route the freeway through his community was intended to
carry people through the neighborhood, but not to his neighborhood. This early
observation influenced Foxx's thinking about the power of infrastructure.

Foxx got his start in politics at the local level, serving as a City Council
member and later as the mayor of Charlotte. When asked by President Obama to
head the Department of Transportation (DOT), Foxx recognized the opportunity to
shift the paradigm in transportation, embracing technology to maximize
infrastructure's capacity to serve communities.

"I have made it a leading priority to ensure that we are using transportation in
ways that connect historically underserved communities and people with
opportunities, jobs, education and more," Foxx said in his farewell message
earlier this year.

Evidence of this commitment can be found in the 2014 DOT Ladders of Opportunity
grant program, which awarded funds to local transit agencies, prioritizing
connecting disadvantaged and low-income individuals with job and educational
opportunities, health care, and other vital services. But there's more to it
than building more roads and freeways. Foxx has championed the idea of embracing
breakthroughs in technology to create a multimodal transportation system that
works for everyone.

Under Foxx, the U.S. DOT released the Federal Automated Vehicles Policy, which
outlines how autonomous vehicles can be safely integrated into the market, while
citing the potential for driverless vehicles to increase mobility options for
the aging, disabled and otherwise underserved. During his tenure, the department
also recognized the potential for vehicle-to-vehicle communication to reduce
roadway accidents.

The department's Smart City Challenge, a $50 million competition aimed at
getting local governments thinking about smart, integrated transportation
systems, also benefited from Foxx's leadership. The winning submission from
Columbus, Ohio, included provisions for self-driving cars, connected vehicles
and integrated smart sensors. But the 76 other cities that competed in the
challenge advanced their plans for smart infrastructure too, exploring
opportunities and forging new partnerships to develop next-generation
transportation systems. And that was exactly the point.

Ryan McCauley is a staff writer for Government Technology magazine, and
previously served as the publication's editorial assistant. He was born and
raised in the San Francisco Bay Area and holds a bachelor's degree in political
science from the University of California, Berkeley. He currently lives in
Davis, Calif., with his girlfriend and their dog -- who dislikes most people.

___ (c)2017 Government Technology Visit Government Technology at www.govtech.com
Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: March 30, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20170329-1GT-Anthony-Foxx-20170329

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1GT


                                 Copyright 2017


                              605 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                        The Hawk Eye (Burlington, Iowa)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                           January 22, 2015 Thursday

Push to extend trail along Gear Ave. supported by WB, SCC and GRMC

BYLINE: Kathleen Sloan, The Hawk Eye, Burlington, Iowa

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 422 words


Jan. 22--WEST BURLINGTON -- If at first you don't succeed, try, try again. The
effort to get people walking, jogging and biking is the goal of the latest grant
application submitted by the city of West Burlington to the state's
Transportation Alternative Grant Program.

The West Burlington City Council approved the grant application at a Wednesday
meeting with no discussion.

The first and second tries to get funding for this trail, as well as a crosswalk
at the intersection of Roosevelt and West avenues, were written by Zach James,
the Planning Director for Southeast Iowa Regional Planning Commission and a
member of the Des Moines County Living Well organization. The applications were
rejected by the state's Recreational Trails and Resource Enhancement and
Protection granting agencies.

Since SEIRPC must judge and give points for the Transportation Alternative
Grant, the city is submitting the third application, not James.

The West Burlington application has narrowed the scope of James' application to
the trail within city jurisdiction. The crosswalk is in Burlington.

If awarded, the grant would pay for 80 percent of the trail built along Gear
Avenue from Division Street to the U.S. 34 interchange.

The trail goes in front of Southeastern Community College and Great River
Medical Center. Both agencies will support the project's construction by each
paying one-third of the 20 percent grant match and by helping maintain the trail
in the future, according to West Burlington City Administrator Dan Gifford.

Gifford estimates the trail's cost at about $350,000.

It would connect to an already existing trail on Division Street, that, in turn,
connects the RecPlex and continues on to West Avenue.

James and SCC President Michael Ash attended the Wednesday meeting.

"I come wearing my Des Moines County Living Well hat," James said.

The organization's goal is to provide opportunities for healthy living to the
community, he said.

A trail plan was designed by the group, which was adopted by West Burlington and
Burlington in 2013, James said.

Within that plan, "The priority is the Gear Avenue trail," he said.

Ash said SCC supports Gov. Terry Branstad's Healthy Iowa plan, which includes
encouraging exercise.

"The trail adds value for our citizens," he said. "Students, faculty and staff
will be able to use and enjoy it."

He affirmed SCC will help fund the match if the grant is awarded.

___ (c)2015 The Hawk Eye (Burlington, Iowa) Visit The Hawk Eye (Burlington,
Iowa) at www.thehawkeye.com Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC

LOAD-DATE: January 22, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20150122-QW-Push-to-extend-trail-along-Gear-Ave-supported-by-WB-SCC-and-GRMC-012
2-20150122

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: QW


                          Copyright 2015 The Hawk Eye


                              606 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                            Crain's Detroit Business
                                 Print Version

                                December 7, 2015

City youth summer jobs program seeks employers

BYLINE: Sherri Welch; swelch@crain.com

SECTION: Pg. 25 Vol. 31

LENGTH: 791  words


Grow Detroit's Young Talent, a public-private effort to provide summer jobs for
the city's youth, has set a goal to get 8,000 young people into jobs next
summer. And it's looking for commitments from 1,000 local companies to hire
them.

The Downtown Detroit Partnership is leading efforts to engage companies in the
program with a $100,000 grant from the Detroit-based Skillman Foundation.

It also has hired Edward Duggan - son of Detroit Mayor Mike Duggan - as chief
recruitment officer, youth summer employment.

As the program enters its second year, "we believed it was critically important
to bring in an organization that has deep relationships ... (with) the corporate
community in Detroit," said Kristen McDonald, vice president, program and
policy, at Skillman.

Edward Duggan had been doing similar recruitment work during his recent tenure
with Belfor USA Group Inc., said DDP CEO Eric Larson. And as a part of his
father's mayoral campaign, he had met many businesses and community leaders.

"Quite frankly, (it) does not hurt, as we're trying to connect with these
organizations, to have someone who has been in the community and has a
reputation and the background he has," Larson said.

According to his LinkedIn profile, Duggan, 27, was a property restorer at Belfor
for two years before joining the DDP. Before that, he was director of campaign
coordination for his father's mayoral campaign and a law clerk at Allen Bros.,
Attorneys and Counselors PLLC in Detroit, and held roles with a number of
political, ballot initiative and advocacy campaigns before that.

Need for speed

"This is a program that needs to move quickly," Larson said. "Minimizing the
learning curve and understanding the landscape was very important."

Grow Detroit's Young Talent matches employers with Detroit young people for
summer jobs and provides work readiness training, transportation and employer
support services.

It launched this summer with an online platform at GDYT.org to manage youth
recruitment, screening, placement and payroll for employers and allow employers
to log on to provide employee reviews.

Participating companies were also provided one of 50 youth employment
specialists through City Connect Detroit to help match students with jobs and
employers and to manage any issues.

Detroit young people looking for summer jobs can apply through the website to
get free rides on city buses during the summer to get to their jobs.

While City Connect and the Detroit Economic Growth Corp. administered the
program this year, the city is selecting a lead agency through a
request-for-proposals process for a $1.5 million Community Development Block
Grant contract.

For next summer, the goal is to place 8,000 or more young people in summer jobs
with local companies and nonprofits, up from a goal of 5,000 this past summer.
In 2015, about 5,600 youths were employed through the program at 107 companies
and 92 nonprofits, McDonald said.

The need, she said, "is probably close to 15,000, based on the interest we saw
last year."

20 firms pledge 1,600 jobs

So far, 20 companies have verbally committed to hire a total of 1,600 youths for
summer 2016, said Kailey Poort, director, communications and marketing, at the
DDP.

In tandem with securing corporate commitments to hire the city's youth next
summer, the program will seek to raise $7 million to $8 million to cover work
readiness training, transportation, wages and program administration, McDonald
said.

Administration of the public-private effort this past summer was supported by
Skillman, the W.K. Kellogg Foundation, the DTE Energy Foundation, J.P. Morgan
Chase, philanthropist Marjorie Fisher and the Bank of America Foundation. For
this past summer's program, Detroit Mayor Mike Duggan committed $1,000 in
Community Development Block Grant funding - or half of the amount each young
person could earn during the six-week program - as a match for every $1,000 that
local companies contributed.

For the 2016 program, the city will fund a lead agency to administer it with
$1.5 million or more in block grant funding, said Alexis Wiley, the mayor's
chief of staff.

Last week, the city named Ricardo Marble its new youth services director to help
lead the continued expansion of Grow Detroit's Young Talent on behalf of the
city and to expand the Goal Detroit Soccer League, a joint effort between the
mayor's office, Detroit PAL and local schools.

Marble, 43, previously was manager of outreach services at Teen Hype in Detroit.

"The city has been a deep and critical partner in helping to build and grow the
youth employment system so we can scale it across the city and serve the number
of kids we need to serve," McDonald said. "The kids need summer jobs to develop
and be successful adults."

Twitter: @SherriWelch

LOAD-DATE: December 10, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: CD


                      Copyright 2015 Crain Communications
                              All Rights Reserved


                              607 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                            Pittsburgh Post-Gazette

                           January 22, 2015 Thursday
                                 SOUTH EDITION

SPROUT GRANT FUNDS STUDENT COLLABORATION ON WATER ISSUES

BYLINE: Harry Funk

SECTION: METRO; Pg. S-1

LENGTH: 506 words


An educational initiative spearheaded by a group of Mt. Lebanon School District
teachers has received a $13,500 grant.

Water Design Challenge: Dive In! is designed to take students through the
process of designing and creating solutions for local and global water issues.
The project will involve about 80 to 100 high school students from Mt. Lebanon,
Chartiers Valley, Elizabeth Forward and McKeesport.

The grant was awarded by the Hive Fund for Connected Learning, a program of the
Sprout Fund. The Sprout fund is a Pittsburgh-based nonprofit that funds
community initiatives in the early stages of development.

"This program, for us, represents exactly the type of learning experience we're
trying to support through the Hive program," said Ryan Coon, program officer for
the Sprout Fund. "It connects what kids are interested in to what they're
learning in school and out of school."

Tina Raspanti, Mt. Lebanon High School social studies teacher and department
chairwoman, led the team of educators applying for the grant. Other team members
are Erin Crimone, the high school's Unit II principal; Sue Quintero, world
languages teacher; and social studies teachers Jeff Holliday and Julianne
Slogick.

"The goal of the Water Design Challenge is to ... [teach] about global
citizenship through problem-based learning," said Ms. Raspanti.

Students are working in the context of an "international water task force,"
designing products to tackle a real-world global water crisis. The project
culminates with participation in the Water Design Challenge scheduled for March
11-12 at the University of Pittsburgh, also addressing local and global water
problems.

"Our hope is that the Water Design Challenge will become an annual event and an
ongoing collaborative effort for students in the region to engage in developing
solutions for global and community problems," said Ms. Quintero.

During the project, students are collaborating with organizations including the
University of Pittsburgh Global Studies Center, World Affairs Council of
Pittsburgh, Heinz History Center, Clean Water Action and 3 Rivers Wet Weather
Inc.

The project involves students from various schools working together instead of
competing against each other.

"This provides them with really meaningful opportunity to connect with other
teens in their communities," Mr. Coon said. "The aspect of bringing multiple
schools together is exciting. It's a new source of motivation for students."

The Sprout Fund started the Hive Fund two years ago as a means to provide young
people with learning opportunities that have real-world applications.

"We've had a great response," said Mr. Coon. "It definitely seems to resonate
with teachers working in schools, and also educators in museums, libraries and
after-school programs."

Applications for Hive funding are accepted on the first Friday of every
even-numbered month. The next deadline is Feb. 6. For more information, visit
www.sproutfund.org/apply/catalytic-funding/hive.

Harry Funk, freelance writer: suburbanliving@post-gazette.com

LOAD-DATE: January 22, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2015 P.G. Publishing Co.


                              608 of 998 DOCUMENTS


           The Evening News and The Tribune (Jeffersonville, Indiana)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                            January 20, 2017 Friday

One Southern Indiana adds director of talent development

BYLINE: Danielle Grady, The Evening News and the Tribune, Jeffersonville, Ind.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 581 words


Jan. 20--SOUTHERN INDIANA -- One Southern Indiana has added a new position to
its staff that will concentrate on workforce development, one of the local
economic development organization's top goals.

Paul Holba, a former senior training consultant with NIKE in Memphis, Tenn.,
will be joining 1si as its new Director of Talent Development and Skills Up
Partnerships on Monday, according to a news release.

The position will involve developing, building and maintaining workforce talent
development coordination services for 1si, the Region 10 Partners in the Skill
UP Grant and the OSI Foundation.

As a NIKE consultant, Holba led a training development team, which was
responsible for developing current and new hiring training content for all
employees located in the company's Memphis market distribution centers.

One of Holba's responsibilities at 1si -- workforce development -- involves
making sure that Southern Indiana has the right employees to support the
businesses in the area.

Wendy Dant Chesser, CEO and president of 1si, has talked with the News and
Tribune in the past about the nation and Southern Indiana's potential challenges
with filling the jobs -- particularly ones in the manufacturing industry
requiring extra education-- that it has or will gain in the future.

1si recently listed career-ready workforce and educational initiatives as one of
its 2017 priorities for the organization's advocacy council.

Holba will head 1si's Talent Development Initiative, which will focus on the
needs of the business community with regards to the increasing need for skilled
labor.

Paul Perkins, Chairman of the 1si Board of Directors and President of
Jeffersonville's Amatrol Inc., said in a statement that talent development is a
"major concern" among many employers in the region.

Holba's job will also involve coordinating a $1.4 million grant from the Indiana
Department of Workforce Development that will connect local schools and
community organizations to develop training and education programs addressing
area employer's needs.

The Region 10 Skill UP Partners grant involves Greater Clark County Schools,
West Clark Community Schools, the New Albany-Floyd County Consolidated School
District and the South Harrison Community School Corporation.

The grant will bring advanced manufacturing curriculum to more of the high
schools, connect more students to the Prosser Career Education Center and expand
the partnership between WorkOne and Ivy Tech to identify and train more adults
for careers in advanced manufacturing, said Andrew Melin, superintendent of
Greater Clark County Schools, in a statement.

"It is a great deal of responsibility with far reaching positive effects for our
community," Melin said about Holba's new position. "I am confident that Paul is
the right man for this important endeavor and look forward to working with him."

Holba also has experience at other companies, such as PPG Industries, Humana,
Thornton's and BP.

"Once our selection panel met Paul, we were sure his extensive experience in
cross-functional collaborative efforts regarding the development and
implementation of new policies, procedures, and program offerings would be
indispensable to 1si as we attack the workforce shortage with talent development
solutions," said Dant Chesser in a statement.

___ (c)2017 The Evening News and The Tribune (Jeffersonville, Ind.) Visit The
Evening News and The Tribune (Jeffersonville, Ind.) at newsandtribune.com
Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: January 23, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20170120-JB-One-Southern-Indiana-adds-director-of-talent-development-0120-201701
20

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: JB


                Copyright 2017 The Evening News and The Tribune


                              609 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                             Parry Sound North Star

                           September 16, 2016 Friday
                                 Final Edition

Nobel Public School receives grants to support local foods program

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 247  words


NOBEL - Nobel Public School is getting a boost to the tune of $14,350 to help
get local and nutritious foods into the school. The school will receive funds
from Farm to Cafeteria Canada, supported by funds from the Canada Post Community
Foundation to expand their meal program to provide students with low cost,
locally-sourced and healthy sandwich and salad lunch options once per week.

The program is aligned with Nobel's EcoSchool plan and the student nutrition
policy. It is designed to expand upon student's knowledge of local, nutritious
and traditional foods and connect students with the pathways local food travels
between the farm and school. With support of the Georgian Bay Biosphere, a local
First Nations liaison, local food producers, school council, staff and parent
volunteers, and student volunteers, students will be engaged in the entire
process of food production; from the planting of seeds in their school vegetable
garden to the composting of organics in their vermicomposting bins. Farm to
Cafeteria Canada selected Nobel as one of 700 schools in Canada to receive their
Farm to School Grant. The school will receive $10,000 to use to set up the
infrastructure required to get, prepare and serve the food to the students as
well as connect with local farmers and food producers. Nobel will also receive a
Canada Post Community Grant in the amount of $4,350 which will be used to
purchase an industrial dishwasher to clean reusable dishes to support the
program.

LOAD-DATE: September 18, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2016 Toronto Star Newspapers, Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              610 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       San Jose Mercury News (California)

                             July 14, 2009 Tuesday

'Ambassadors' vow to continue family program in Sunnyvale area

BYLINE: By Tiffany Carney Sunnyvale Sun

SECTION: COMMUNITIES; News

LENGTH: 582 words


In September, funding will disappear for the Family Ambassador Program   but
trained volunteers will not.

Volunteers at the unique, grassroots program, which helps connect parents to
family resources in Sunnyvale and the surrounding cities, have vowed to continue
the program after its grant money runs out in the fall.

Commissioners from First 5 Santa Clara County, which had provided funding for
the program through a grant since 2006, decided at their June 29 budget workshop
not to continue long-term funding for some programs after the grant expired June
30.

Dawn Bussey, communications director for First 5 Santa Clara County, said the
commission agreed to extend the grant for an additional three months "to provide
transition time, in light of the difficult economic climate." The program costs
approximately $150,000 a year for training, community resource binders and pins
to identify ambassadors.

"The Ambassador Program should be commended for their excellent work in the
community, and we hope that through their collaborative partners, they will be
able to sustain this program," said Jolene Smith, executive director for First 5
Santa Clara County.

The commission's decision will not deter volunteers like Nancy Newkirk, an
ambassador since 2007, from continuing to reach out to families.

"My advocacy won't stop, and I can tell you that the rest of the ambassadors who
have been trained by the program will continue to share the information,"
Newkirk said.

The program is a collaborative effort among First 5 Santa Clara County, Jewish
Family & Children's Services and the cities of Mountain View, Sunnyvale and Palo
Alto. The program heavily relies on volunteers to interact with parents and help
connect them with family resources that promote healthy development of children
from before birth through age 5.

Through the program, volunteer ambassadors complete a six-session training where
they learn health, community safety, nutrition, childcare, literacy and special
needs resources.

In Sunnyvale, there are 65 active ambassadors who work in various neighborhoods
and help maintain resource binders available to families at Sunnyvale City Hall,
the library, schools and community centers.

The program seeks to "empower members of the community to be able to reach out
to members of their own community," said Beth Schecter, director for the
Peninsula region of Jewish Family and Children Services, whose Parents Place
program oversees the Family Ambassador Program.

"For families that don't have resources and don't know where to turn, this
program could be their lifeline," she added.

Ambassadors target those living in vulnerable, lower-income neighborhoods with
few resources, including the area surrounding Columbia Neighborhood Center.

Newkirk is also an early childhood educator and a youth bowling coach who has
reached out to families in bowling alleys, parks and grocery stores.

"In your daily life you see that people have needs. Instead of giving advice,
you can actually give informed knowledge of resources that they can choose to
access," she said.

Sunnyvale Mayor Anthony Spitaleri spoke highly of the dedicated ambassadors at
the June 23 city council meeting before the First 5 decision was made.

"It is an outstanding program," he said, as he thanked the volunteer ambassadors
who made the program successful.

According to Bussey, over the next few months, First 5 will work with community
partners to locate additional funding.

For more information, visit www.first5kids.org .

LOAD-DATE: July 14, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2009 San Jose Mercury News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              611 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                 The Australian

                              July 29, 2013 Monday
                             o - SA Country Edition

YOUR STATE - WA, SA & NT -

SECTION: LOCAL; Pg. 2

LENGTH: 451  words


Snelling defends mental health beds

SOUTH Australian Health Minister Jack Snelling has defended the state's failure
to increase acute mental health beds at the opening of the $139 million revamped
Glenside Health Service. Premier Jay Weatherill and Mr Snelling opened the
129-bed centre yesterday, which has transformed the state's original mental
health hospital into a new site with modern expanded buildings. Mr Snelling said
the treatment model had changed to ensure there were better treatment processes
including more step-down and sub-acute rooms, with open spaces and increased
rehabilitation services. ``Instead of basically locking people away and having
lots and lots of beds in institution-like facilities where people were put away
and forgotten, the way that we now treat people with mental illness is to treat
them in their community,'' Mr Snelling said.

Grants to connect farmers, consumers

THE Greens have announced an $85 million plan to allow farmers to bypass
Australia's major supermarkets and sell directly to the public. In Perth
yesterday, Greens leader Christine Milne said the $85m in grants over four years
would connect farmers and local communities by helping create more farmer's
markets, mobile markets and community food-box schemes. Ms Milne also hoped the
creation and support for producer co-operatives, and a new regional food brand
would ease the pressures on struggling farmers. ``Farmers aren't getting decent
farm-gate prices, and the supermarkets are putting downward pressure on
farmers,'' Ms Milne said.

Missing fishermen found safe and well

TWO South Australian men missing for more than 24 hours after a night fishing
trip off southern Yorke Peninsula, three hours from Adelaide, have been found
safe and well. Haiden Flanagan-Cox, 27, and Lee Eccles, 29, went fishing from
Edithburgh at about 10pm on Friday night, and sent texts to their partners about
4am on Saturday morning to signal ``engine trouble, get help''. They did not
know if the messages had been received and thought they could die after waves
twice their height began crashing over their cabin. The pair drifted for more
than 30 hours across Investigator Strait before a rescue helicopter spotted the
pair in their boat in the Bay of Shoals on the north coast of Kangaroo Island,
22 nautical miles away.

$3m for airport,

Perth CBD link

CANBERRA has pledged $3 million to fund planning for a Perth airport rail link.
Transport Minister Anthony Albanese yesterday said the money would help the
project to improve links between the airport and Perth's CBD become ``shovel
ready''. ``Perth is one of Australia's fastest growing cities and its airport
will continue to experience substantial passenger growth.''

LOAD-DATE: July 28, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: AUS


                   Copyright 2013 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              612 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                     Sun Journal (New Bern, North Carolina)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                            February 15, 2015 Sunday

Foundation awards $140,000 to Craven organizations

BYLINE: Crystal Garrett, Sun Journal, New Bern, N.C.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 1026 words


Feb. 15--Three organizations have been awarded $140,000 with the commitment of
building the cultural, entrepreneurial and academic communities in Craven
County.

Trustees of the Z. Smith Reynolds Foundation awarded one-year grants to
Community Artist Will and Craven Community College in the amount of $25,000.
Craven County Schools will also receive $90,000 throughout the next two years
for a leadership proficiency program, which has the potential to affect every
student in the school system.

When contacted about being awarded the grant, each agency's representative
expressed gratitude. They also expressed determination that with the aid of the
funds received, each agency will be able to meet the challenges ahead.

"Craven County is a perfect example of an area that is committed to implementing
creative and diverse strategies to strengthen community in a variety of ways,"
said Leslie Winner, executive director of the Z. Smith Reynolds Foundation. "We
are thrilled to partner with these organizations, all of whom are addressing
local challenges and creating opportunities for this Eastern North Carolina
community to thrive."

Craven County Schools, which received the bulk of the funds, has developed a
three-tiered leadership proficiency program, according to Darlene Brown, grant
coordinator and executive director of Craven County Partners in Education. The
program known as the LEAD (Leadership Engagement and Development) project has a
goal to prepare teachers, assistant principals and principals to be "excellent"
academic providers and leaders so that the school system will have a
"well-qualified" internal leadership pipeline.

"It is extremely critical to our school system to invest in our educators to
become future leaders," said Superintendent Lane Mills. "The skills acquired
will be utilized throughout their career and will help create a culture that is
both rewarding and empowering for learning."

The training model, focused on improvements with teachers and administration,
will ultimately have the most impact on students' performance, Brown said.

For Craven Community College, the funds came at a time when budget issues are a
major concern.

Just two months ago, the Office of State Budget and Management targeted several
strategies in an effort to spend less money. One of those options included
closing Small Business Center Network programs across the state.

The $25,000 grant received by the college will be used to plan a new
Entrepreneur and Resource Center. Through its Small Business Center, the
community college has partnered with several county entities to create a small
business incubator in New Bern.

The goal of the incubator is to support entrepreneurs by providing training and
other assistance to businesses as they develop, grow and graduate from the
facility into traditional industrial and commercial space.

"This grant is a collaboration of local and governmental agencies that will work
together to give aspiring entrepreneurs the best possible start to make their
business sustainable and successful," said Rebecca Moorer, interim director of
the college's Small Business Center.

Finally, Community Artist Will (CAW) plans to use their $25,000 grant to
continue building the creative and cultural economy of New Bern, said Executive
Director Samrae Duke. It accomplishes this by providing artists and audiences of
all kinds with the practical support needed to launch great ideas.

The grant will specifically target local, low-income artists with publicity and
connect them with potential revenue opportunities in the area.

"Throughout human history, civilizations have been judged by their culture's
art; therefore, arts should be for the entire community, not just those with
resources," said Co-founder and President Ben Watford of Community Artist Will.
"This is why CAW's mission is to provide creative, cultural, educational
programming that encourages understanding, arts appreciation and economic growth
by helping artists of all ages, genders and races find the audiences and patrons
they need to be successful."

The grant awarded to CAW by the Foundation recognizes the impact of artists in a
community. National research has documented how the state's cultural heritage
contributes to both the quality of life and economic stability.

Crystal Garrett can be contacted at 635-5671 or at crystal.garrett@newbernsj.com

Breakout Box

The Z. Smith Reynolds Foundation recently awarded $140,000 in grants to Craven
County organizations. So, where will the money be spent and how will it affect
residents?

Craven County Schools

--Will receive $90,000 throughout the next two years.

--School system will implement the Leadership Engagement and Development (LEAD)
project.

--Project's aim is to create a three-tiered program targeting teachers,
assistant principals and principals in a mentoring program.

--The ultimate goal -- Create a program for leaders to master academic content
and critical thinking skills.

--Affect on the community -- Potential for improved quality of instruction and
higher performance of students.

Craven Community College

--Will receive a one-time allocation of $25,000.

--The college plans to create a new Entrepreneur and Resource Center.

--Project's aim is to support entrepreneurs in the county by providing training
and other assistance as businesses grow. --The ultimate goal -- Increase the
success rate and number of viable small businesses.

--Affect on the community -- Successful small businesses create new jobs and add
to the local tax base.

Community Artist Will

--Will receive a one-time grant of $25,000.

--Organization plans to provide local, low-income artists with publicity and
potential revenue opportunities.

--Purpose of grant use will be to connect artists with the audiences and patrons
needed to be successful.

--The ultimate goal -- Helping artists thrive economically with a special focus
on those with limited resources.

--Affect on the community -- Project is committed to building the creative and
cultural economy of New Bern.

___ (c)2015 the Sun Journal (New Bern, N.C.) Visit the Sun Journal (New Bern,
N.C.) at http://www.newbernsj.com Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC

LOAD-DATE: February 15, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20150215-NS-Foundation-awards-140,000-to-Craven-organizations-0215-20150215

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: NS


                           Copyright 2015 Sun Journal


                              613 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                     Sun Journal (New Bern, North Carolina)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                           February 14, 2015 Saturday

Foundation awards $140,000 to Craven organizations

BYLINE: Crystal Garrett, Sun Journal, New Bern, N.C.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 1026 words


Feb. 14--Three organizations have been awarded $140,000 with the commitment of
building the cultural, entrepreneurial and academic communities in Craven
County.

Trustees of the Z. Smith Reynolds Foundation awarded one-year grants to
Community Artist Will and Craven Community College in the amount of $25,000.
Craven County Schools will also receive $90,000 throughout the next two years
for a leadership proficiency program, which has the potential to affect every
student in the school system.

When contacted about being awarded the grant, each agency's representative
expressed gratitude. They also expressed determination that with the aid of the
funds received, each agency will be able to meet the challenges ahead.

"Craven County is a perfect example of an area that is committed to implementing
creative and diverse strategies to strengthen community in a variety of ways,"
said Leslie Winner, executive director of the Z. Smith Reynolds Foundation. "We
are thrilled to partner with these organizations, all of whom are addressing
local challenges and creating opportunities for this Eastern North Carolina
community to thrive."

Craven County Schools, which received the bulk of the funds, has developed a
three-tiered leadership proficiency program, according to Darlene Brown, grant
coordinator and executive director of Craven County Partners in Education. The
program known as the LEAD (Leadership Engagement and Development) project has a
goal to prepare teachers, assistant principals and principals to be "excellent"
academic providers and leaders so that the school system will have a
"well-qualified" internal leadership pipeline.

"It is extremely critical to our school system to invest in our educators to
become future leaders," said Superintendent Lane Mills. "The skills acquired
will be utilized throughout their career and will help create a culture that is
both rewarding and empowering for learning."

The training model, focused on improvements with teachers and administration,
will ultimately have the most impact on students' performance, Brown said.

For Craven Community College, the funds came at a time when budget issues are a
major concern.

Just two months ago, the Office of State Budget and Management targeted several
strategies in an effort to spend less money. One of those options included
closing Small Business Center Network programs across the state.

The $25,000 grant received by the college will be used to plan a new
Entrepreneur and Resource Center. Through its Small Business Center, the
community college has partnered with several county entities to create a small
business incubator in New Bern.

The goal of the incubator is to support entrepreneurs by providing training and
other assistance to businesses as they develop, grow and graduate from the
facility into traditional industrial and commercial space.

"This grant is a collaboration of local and governmental agencies that will work
together to give aspiring entrepreneurs the best possible start to make their
business sustainable and successful," said Rebecca Moorer, interim director of
the college's Small Business Center.

Finally, Community Artist Will (CAW) plans to use their $25,000 grant to
continue building the creative and cultural economy of New Bern, said Executive
Director Samrae Duke. It accomplishes this by providing artists and audiences of
all kinds with the practical support needed to launch great ideas.

The grant will specifically target local, low-income artists with publicity and
connect them with potential revenue opportunities in the area.

"Throughout human history, civilizations have been judged by their culture's
art; therefore, arts should be for the entire community, not just those with
resources," said Co-founder and President Ben Watford of Community Artist Will.
"This is why CAW's mission is to provide creative, cultural, educational
programming that encourages understanding, arts appreciation and economic growth
by helping artists of all ages, genders and races find the audiences and patrons
they need to be successful."

The grant awarded to CAW by the Foundation recognizes the impact of artists in a
community. National research has documented how the state's cultural heritage
contributes to both the quality of life and economic stability.

Crystal Garrett can be contacted at 635-5671 or at crystal.garrett@newbernsj.com

Breakout Box

The Z. Smith Reynolds Foundation recently awarded $140,000 in grants to Craven
County organizations. So, where will the money be spent and how will it affect
residents?

Craven County Schools

--Will receive $90,000 throughout the next two years.

--School system will implement the Leadership Engagement and Development (LEAD)
project.

--Project's aim is to create a three-tiered program targeting teachers,
assistant principals and principals in a mentoring program.

--The ultimate goal -- Create a program for leaders to master academic content
and critical thinking skills.

--Affect on the community -- Potential for improved quality of instruction and
higher performance of students.

Craven Community College

--Will receive a one-time allocation of $25,000.

--The college plans to create a new Entrepreneur and Resource Center.

--Project's aim is to support entrepreneurs in the county by providing training
and other assistance as businesses grow. --The ultimate goal -- Increase the
success rate and number of viable small businesses.

--Affect on the community -- Successful small businesses create new jobs and add
to the local tax base.

Community Artist Will

--Will receive a one-time grant of $25,000.

--Organization plans to provide local, low-income artists with publicity and
potential revenue opportunities.

--Purpose of grant use will be to connect artists with the audiences and patrons
needed to be successful.

--The ultimate goal -- Helping artists thrive economically with a special focus
on those with limited resources.

--Affect on the community -- Project is committed to building the creative and
cultural economy of New Bern.

___ (c)2015 the Sun Journal (New Bern, N.C.) Visit the Sun Journal (New Bern,
N.C.) at http://www.newbernsj.com Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC

LOAD-DATE: February 15, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20150214-NS-Foundation-awards-140,000-to-Craven-organizations-0214-20150214

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: NS


                           Copyright 2015 Sun Journal


                              614 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                 Wells Journal

                                August 18, 2011

Youth boost with £15k grant

SECTION: Pg. 5

LENGTH: 174 words


Wells Youth Club has received the biggest grant  handed out so far by Somerset
County Council to keep services for young people operating.

Councillor John Osman says he secured a £15,000 initial grant from a special
county council fund. It was set up to help communities take over county council
services axed during a wave of deficit reduction cutbacks.

Mr Osman said he was also able to secure the handover of some furniture and
equipment at the former county council-run youth centre, which closed earlier
this year in an effort to save more than £50,000 a year.

The centre will re-open in October operated by the Elim Connect Centre.

Mr Osman said: "We have been working with the Connect Centre and managed to
secure £15,000 in county council funding.

"It was the biggest grant we have yet handed out. There is a £15,000 limit on
the size of grants.

"Negotiations elsewhere in the county are still ongoing, but Wells came first
because the Connect Centre was so enthusiastic and so proactive in the way it
has moved to get the centre open again."

LOAD-DATE: August 19, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 71


                    Copyright 2011 Northcliffe Media Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              615 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                             Parry Sound North Star

                          September 17, 2016 Saturday
                                 Final Edition

Nobel Public School receives grants to support local foods program

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 247  words


NOBEL - Nobel Public School is getting a boost to the tune of $14,350 to help
get local and nutritious foods into the school.

The school will receive funds from Farm to Cafeteria Canada, supported by funds
from the Canada Post Community Foundation to expand their meal program to
provide students with low cost, locally-sourced and healthy sandwich and salad
lunch options once per week.

The program is aligned with Nobel's EcoSchool plan and the student nutrition
policy. It is designed to expand upon student's knowledge of local, nutritious
and traditional foods and connect students with the pathways local food travels
between the farm and school. With support of the Georgian Bay Biosphere, a local
First Nations liaison, local food producers, school council, staff and parent
volunteers, and student volunteers, students will be engaged in the entire
process of food production; from the planting of seeds in their school vegetable
garden to the composting of organics in their vermicomposting bins.

Farm to Cafeteria Canada selected Nobel as one of 700 schools in Canada to
receive their Farm to School Grant. The school will receive $10,000 to use to
set up the infrastructure required to get, prepare and serve the food to the
students as well as connect with local farmers and food producers.

Nobel will also receive a Canada Post Community Grant in the amount of $4,350
which will be used to purchase an industrial dishwasher to clean reusable dishes
to support the program.

LOAD-DATE: September 19, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2016 Toronto Star Newspapers, Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              616 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                            Pittsburgh Post-Gazette

                            November 25, 2013 Monday
                                 SOONER EDITION

PEDUTO PUSHING SHARED SERVICES;
MUNICIPALITIES FACE SIMILAR PROBLEMS

BYLINE: Andrew McGill, Pittsburgh Post-Gazette

SECTION: LOCAL; Pg. A-9

LENGTH: 603 words


Young Bill Peduto never forgot the snowplows. As a kid living at the edge of
Scott, Pittsburgh's mayor-elect once watched Carnegie trucks barrel down his
street with their plows raised, only to lower them and get back to work at the
corner.

After all, heaven forbid they would plow snow in Scott.

Speaking before the Congress of Neighboring Communities (CONNECT) last week, Mr.
Peduto pledged to put those days behind him, supporting efforts to share
services among municipalities big and small.

"We're very proud of who we are and where our neighborhoods are -- we have some
of the most beautiful parades in America because of all the police departments
we have," Mr. Peduto joked. "It really does come to one thing -- how we deliver
services to the people we represent. There are ways we can do it together."

It isn't easy in the famously fractured Allegheny County, which holds 130
independent municipalities within its borders. Some communities have banded
together to form councils of governments -- bidding together on road salt
contracts and the like -- but those efforts have always excluded Pittsburgh.

Enter CONNECT, which held its fifth annual legislative meeting Thursday in
Oakland's Twentieth Century Club. A foundation-supported project within the
University of Pittsburgh, CONNECT has worked since 2008 to foster connections
between the city of Pittsburgh and its bordering municipalities.

"Our problems are basically the same," Mr. Peduto said. "We may just have a
couple more zeros behind them."

Among this year's initiatives, the organization is pushing to form a
multi-municipality land bank, which would acquire abandoned properties across
several communities for later development. Pittsburgh is already pursuing its
own land bank proposal, and CONNECT executive director Kathy Risko thinks a
wider partnership could prove more profitable.

The congress also is concerned about upcoming sewer upgrades, suggesting the
creation of a countywide wastewater coordinator position and a revamp of the
Allegheny County Sanitary Authority board to better represent municipalities.

Over the past year, the group helped craft regional solar panel standards, using
a U.S. Department of Energy grant to create a model solar panel zoning ordinance
that can be adopted by local municipalities. In 2012, it wrote a model
intergovernmental agreement template, removing a legal hurdle for smaller towns
that want to work together.

But Ms. Risko is particularly proud of a new community paramedic program, which
sends off-duty paramedics on social work missions to help out frequent visitors
to hospital emergency rooms. Funded by a two-year grant from UPMC and Highmark,
paramedics already have installed a ramp to help an overweight woman leave her
house, among other cases.

The insurers have pitched the project as a way to cut medical costs in the long
term.

"Give me until March, and we'll have the first round of data," Ms. Risko said.
"If we're successful, we'd like to see this expand across the county, if not the
state."

But some of the biggest gains in regionalization may come from partnerships
between Pittsburgh and Allegheny County, cemented by the close political bonds
between Mr. Peduto and Allegheny County Executive Rich Fitzgerald. Mr. Peduto
already has promised to pursue joint bulk-purchasing agreements and to
consolidate management of some parks; he'd also like to see a unified police
academy at some point in the future.

"This place is changing in ways that I don't know that all of us know," said Mr.
Fitzgerald, who sits on the agency's board. "Cooperation is really the hallmark
of what we need to do."

LOAD-DATE: November 25, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES: Andrew McGill: amcgill@post-gazette.com or 412-263-1497./

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2013 P.G. Publishing Co.


                              617 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                        The Legal Ledger (St. Paul, MN)

                           February 8, 2012 Wednesday

St. Paul after-school system gets big grant

BYLINE: Kevin Featherly

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 306  words


The Wallace Foundation, a New York-based philanthropic organization devoted to
improving education, is awarding St. Paul a $765,000 grant to improve its
after-school programs.

Though the grant does not specifically target the money to Sprockets, the
citywide network of out-of-school programs, that is where the money will be
directed, said Sprockets director Kari Denissen Cunnien. She expects the money
to be delivered by March 15.

Cunnien says that Wallace does not allow funds to be directed at specific
programs. Instead, some of the money will be used on training and consulting
services that will help gauge the effectiveness of and improve various
out-of-school programs.

Another portion of the grant will be used to create a keyword-searchable
"program locator" that will help parents and children in various St. Paul
communities more easily connect to programs that are of interest to them.
Currently Sprockets' program finder is searchable only by ZIP code and results
in queries spilling out long lists of program opportunities that families have
to cull through on their own.

The rest of the money will fund a citywide database that will connect all
programs together, making it possible to find out how many children are using
Sprockets' programs and whether particular ethnic communities are being
underserved.

"Wallace will fund those kinds of data systems and the research and evaluations
that will help us all make better decisions about how to use the resources we
have," Cunnien says. "That will be a big place that we use the money from
Wallace. "

The Wallace grant application process is by invitation only, Cunnien says.
Wallace selected St. Paul and eight other cities that have made substantial
progress in setting up citywide after-school programs. The grant money is to be
spread out over three years, Cunnien says.

LOAD-DATE: February 15, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Government activity

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2012 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved


                              618 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                    Columbia Basin Herald, Moses Lake, Wash.

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                            January 30, 2017 Monday

Helping those in need

BYLINE: Richard Byrd, Columbia Basin Herald, Moses Lake, Wash.

SECTION: LIFESTYLE

LENGTH: 438 words


Jan. 30--MOSES LAKE -- Walking through the doors at Our Lady of Fatima Catholic
Church's Fatima Center Thursday afternoon, all you could hear was chatter. The
type of good, genuine conversation that occurs when people share a good meal
with people they feel comfortable with in a space they feel at ease in. That
ease and comfort is what Project Homeless Connect was all about; connecting
those in need with services that can help them improve their lives.

The outreach was held in conjunction with Our Lady of Fatima's regularly
scheduled weekly outreach, which offers free meals, hot showers and clothes
every Thursday afternoon to everyone who walks into the cafeteria.

Homeless Connect goes a step further and connects attendees with local services
and agencies. From the Housing Authority of Grant County, to Serve Moses Lake,
New Hope Domestic Violence and Sexual Assault Services and the Department of
Social and Health Services, attendees connected with representatives from the
various agencies and learned about the services they provide.

"We just want to come together as a community and do an outreach for the poor
and the people in need across Grant County," shelter-advocate Nicole Cedillo
said.

In addition to Project Homeless Connect, Grant County's annual survey of the
local homeless population, dubbed the Point in Time Homeless Count, kicked off
on Thursday. Volunteers panned out and did a field count and survey around Grant
County to gather data and hand out important supplies.

"Every year we have groups of people going out to different areas of Grant
County. So it can be like Mattawa, Royal City, Ephrata, Soap Lake, Grand Coulee,
and Moses Lake, and they are out there doing a count and seeing how many people
are homeless," Cedillo explained. "They take food, clothing for them, whatever
is donated, they go out and offer them the same services that we have here at
Project Homeless Connect."

Cedillo said homelessness is a bigger problem in Grant County than most people
realize. When the volunteers came back after last year's count and the numbers
were tallied, they found that 135 people were homeless throughout the county.

"Homelessness in Grant County is growing year by year," Cedillo stated. "It's a
big problem and not a lot of people want to talk about it, but it's a problem
that is happening. And as (places like) Moses Lake are growing, it's happening
more and more."

Richard Byrd can be reached via email at city@columbiabasinherald.com

___ (c)2017 the Columbia Basin Herald, Wash. Visit the Columbia Basin Herald,
Wash. at www.columbiabasinherald.com Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: January 30, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20170130-1CO-Helping-those-in-need-0130-20170130

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1CO


                      Copyright 2017 Columbia Basin Herald


                              619 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               The Queanbeyan Age

                            January 17, 2017 Tuesday
                           Print & Internet Editions

EDE approval granted, grants up for grabs

BYLINE: Kimberley Le Lievre

SECTION: OPINION; Pg. 4

LENGTH: 388 words


The captain of the Australian Rugby Sevens team will be in Queanbeyan as the
Australia Day ambassador to celebrate with recipients of citizens of the year
awards and with those becoming citizens at a citizenship ceremony. There will be
a family event in town park from 6pm, with live music, food, children's
entertainment and fireworks at 9pm. There will be Australia Day awards
ceremonies at a breakfast in Bungendore, morning tea at Captains Flat and lunch
in Braidwood. Further details available on the council website.

Ellerton Drive Extension

The council received the final environmental approval for Ellerton Drive
Extension and preliminary clearing work has begun in preparation for the
construction in mid-2017. The Australian and NSW governments have each committed
$25 million towards the project which will improve travel efficiency in
Queanbeyan. The Ellerton Drive Extension will connect east Queanbeyan, where the
existing Ellerton Drive ends with Karabar at the Edwin Land Parkway intersection
with Old Cooma Road. The preliminary clearing work is expected to be completed
by the end of January. More information is available on the council's website.

Summer fun with Q-One

The week of summer fun kicks off next week. The family events start at 4.30pm
and are jam-packed with a jumping castle, safe archery, water volleyball,
bubbles, soccer, mini tennis, bean bag toss and cricket equipment to have fun
with. A kids movie will then be played on an inflatable outdoor cinema screen.
Captains Flat pool starts all the fun on Wednesday January 25, with Finding Nemo
from 8pm. On Thursday January 26, Bungendore pool will be the venue and
Despicable Me 2 will be the movie. On Friday January 27, the Braidwood pool will
be Frozen from 8pm. The Queanbeyan Aquatic Centre will then show Finding Nemo on
Saturday January 28.

Litter grants

Keep NSW Beautiful is again advertising for community groups to apply for grants
to clean up a space in their local area. Any community group can apply for a
litter grant: youth groups, scouts and guides, surf clubs, pony clubs - not just
your usual environmentally-focused teams. These are projects designed to connect
groups with the world they live in and the community they love. Visit the Keep
NSW Beautiful website or chat with the council's environment staff for more
information.

LOAD-DATE: January 16, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


             Copyright 2017 Fairfax Media Publications Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              620 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                      Coventry Evening Telegraph (England)

                           September 27, 2011 Tuesday
                                Nuneaton Edition

CHARITY DEFIES CUTS TO EXPAND SERVICES;
Deal means more can be helped

BYLINE: Les Reid

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 18

LENGTH: 415 words


A COVENTRY charity for people with learning disabilities is launching a new
service after its future was threatened by council cuts.

Grapevine in Spon End says its new service, called Help and Connect, will be an
example of how a council avoiding heavy cuts to charities could stand to benefit
from new services in communities.

The service, to be launched on October 3, follows months of negotiations between
the charity and Coventry City Council, which is facing unprecedented 27 per cent
cuts in government funding by 2015.

While other councils have already implemented large cuts in grants to charities,
the council's Labour leaders decided to protect charities in this year's budget.

While bigger cuts cannot be ruled out next year and beyond, most city charities
have seen a reduction in council grant of just 1.5 per cent - the same as in
recent years.

Others, such as those providing job training for the young unemployed, have been
exempt from cuts altogether.

Grapevine directors say six months ago the future looked bleak for its clubs,
drop-in services and other work designed to connect people with learning
disabilities to the wider community.

After months of negotiations, council commissioners worked out a deal which has
enabled Grapevine to not only maintain its service, but extend it to new people.

Help and Connect will comprise clubs, training sessions, one-to-one support and
drop-in services, helping people with learning disabilities to build confidence
and learn how to look after themselves in the world.

It aims to encourage them to become more independent, use mainstream facilities,
stay safe, keep positive mental health, cope with benefits changes, make
friends, and deal with hate crime.

Grapevine director, Clare Wightman, said: "The council wants as many people as
possible to benefit from the funds available, and Grapevine does too.

"In our new arrangements, we'll be able to keep doing what we're good at -
helping people with a learning disability to have a life they want in ordinary
places in the community.

"But we can also reach out to meet new people - those with additional mental
health issues or autism, and people who are losing support because of cuts
elsewhere, such as in adult education and Arts Council funding."

Helen Chamberlain, who has used Grapevine's support, said: "I have loads of
support. It's one-to-one and friendly. At Grapevine they listen to what you say
and understand. They treat you with respect and help you make the changes you
want."

LOAD-DATE: September 27, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2011 Coventry Newspapers Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              621 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                                The Denver Post

                       June 3, 1998 Wednesday 2D EDITION

Network to link rural schools First phase of 'Connect Colorado' plan

BYLINE: By Jason Blevins, Denver Post Staff Writer

SECTION: DENVER & THE WEST; Pg. B-06

LENGTH: 903 words


A unique collaboration of public and private organizations is bringing the
information superhighway to the country roads of southeast Colorado.

The Colorado Community College and Occupational Education System has joined
forces with the Southeast Colorado Power Association to connect nine counties
with a state-of-the-art high-speed computer network. The $ 4 million project is
funded in part by a $ 20 million technology grant mandated by the 1996 Colorado
Legislature.

More than 13,000 square miles of rural southeastern terrain will be
interconnected with almost 450 miles of fiber-optic cable, which is capable of
transmitting information exponentially faster than a regular telephone line.

An agreement between the community college organization and the power provider
is scheduled to be signed today in La Junta. The system is expected to be fully
operational by October. The Arkansas Valley, known for long expanses of highway
and remote communities, will soon be traveling at the speed of light.

"The potential impact of this on the whole state is going to be tremendous,"
said Don Williamson, the vice president of information technologies at the
Colorado Community College and Occupational Education System.

The project, the first phase of Gov. Roy Romer's "Connect Colorado" plan, will
join 46 schools in 22 school districts, 11 public libraries, four hospitals, six
Colorado State Extension offices, the University of Colorado, Colorado State
University, Otero Junior College and Lamar Community College in a single
high-speed network of linked computers.

"I think we have only begun to imagine the power of what this network can do,"
said Bill Richards, president of Otero Junior College in La Junta and a
principle force behind the project. "What we can do is really limited only by
our imagination."

Rural high schools and middle schools will have access to the Internet as well
as the ability to import information from a system of libraries and
universities.

Health-care professionals will be able to take classes over the network and
share information. Universities will offer undergraduate and graduate-level
courses online.

And the potential for upgrading is built into the system.

"I think the children in public schools in the Arkansas Valley will have access
to everything the kids in Denver will have, plus more, and it's going to be
faster," Richards said.  And the power company is benefitting also. Via
fiber-optic cable, the company can immediately reroute power to avoid outages
and read meters automatically.

LOAD-DATE: June 04, 1998

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:  The Denver Post High-tech connection (map)

                        Copyright 1998 The Denver Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                              622 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                  The Islander

                           February 23, 2017 Thursday
                                 Print Edition

Connect, grow, build, belong

SECTION: COMMUNITY NEWS; Pg. 9

LENGTH: 152 words


Community groups can now apply for a share of $1 million available through the
State Government's Fund My Community grant program.

Grants of between $10,000 and $100,000 are available for projects aimed at
supporting disadvantaged, isolated or vulnerable people in their local
communities and build foundations for positive change.

Non-profit, incorporated organisations can apply for the program which this year
has a focus on 'Connect, Grow, Build, Belong'.

The public will then play an important role by voting for the projects they
think should receive a share of the funding.

The approach involves citizens in government decision making and ultimately has
a greater impact on the community.

Applications close on March 31 and the public can vote online from April 17
until May 29.

Eligibility criteria and the types of projects that can be funded are available
at: yoursay.sa.gov.au/fmc_rounds/fund-my-community-2017.

LOAD-DATE: February 22, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


             Copyright 2017 Fairfax Media Publications Pty. Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              623 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                              March 9, 2015 Monday

Arizona: FACT SHEET: President Obama Launches New TechHire Initiative

LENGTH: 2725  words

DATELINE: Phoenix


State of Arizona has issued the following news release:

President Obama Announces Multi-Sector Effort and Call to Action to Give
Americans Pathways to Well-Paying Technology Jobs; Makes Available $100 Million
in Grants

The President and his Administration are focused on promoting middle class
economics to ensure that all Americans can contribute to and benefit from our
American resurgence. Part of that effort requires empowering every American with
the education and training they need to earn higher wages. Today's announcement
is the latest part of that effort: In his remarks to the National League of
Cities, the President will announce his TechHire initiative, including a new
campaign to work with communities to get more Americans rapidly trained for
well-paying technology jobs.

Middle class economics has driven the President from day one, and it is what has
fueled our comeback. On Friday, we learned that our economy created nearly
300,000 new jobs in February. American businesses have now added more than
200,000 jobs a month for the past 12 months, the longest streak of job creation
at that pace in 37 years. All told, over the past five years, our businesses
have created 12 million new jobs.

While we are seeing an economic resurgence, the President has made clear that
there is still work left to do. America has about 5 million open jobs today,
more than at any point since 2001. Over half a million of those job openings are
in information technology fields like software development, network
administration, and cybersecurity- many of which did not even exist just a
decade ago. The average salary in a job that requires information technology
(IT) skills - whether in manufacturing, advertising, retail or banking - is 50
percent higher than the average private-sector American job. Helping more
Americans train and connect to these jobs is a key element of the President's
middle-class economics agenda.

As part of that agenda, TechHire is a bold multi-sector effort and call to
action to empower Americans with the skills they need, through universities and
community colleges but also nontraditional approaches like "coding bootcamps,"
and high-quality online courses that can rapidly train workers for a well-paying
job, often in just a few months. Employers across the United States are in
critical need of talent with these skills. Many of these programs do not require
a four-year degree. Key elements of the initiative include:

Over twenty forward-leaning communities are committing to take action - working
with each other and with national employers - to expand access to tech jobs. To
kick off TechHire, 20 regions, with over 120,000 open technology jobs and more
than 300 employer partners in need of this workforce, are announcing plans to
work together to new ways to recruit and place applicants based on their actual
skills and to create more fast track tech training opportunities. The President
is challenging other communities across the country to follow their lead.

$100 million in new Federal investments to train and connect more workers to a
good job in technology and other in-demand fields. The Administration will
launch a $100 million H-1B grant competition by the Department of Labor to
support innovative approaches to training and successfully employing low-skill
individuals with barriers to training and employment including those with child
care responsibilities, people with disabilities, disconnected youth, and limited
English proficient workers, among others. This grant competition will support
the scaling up of evidence-based strategies such as accelerated learning,
work-based learning, and Registered Apprenticeships.

Private sector boosts tools and resources to support and expand continued
innovation in technology training, with a focus on reaching under-served
populations. Private sector leaders are announcing commitments to provide free
training through online training slots and expanding "coding bootcamps" - which
provide intensive training for well-paying jobs, often in the course of just a
few months - to low-income and underserved Americans including women,
minorities, and veterans across the nation. National organizations are
committing to work with interested cities to share job and skills information,
job-matching tools, and other resources to help support the growth, adoption,
and creation of promising practices across the United States.

Details on the Tech Hire Initiative

The TechHire initiative builds on work communities like Louisville, St. Louis,
Philadelphia, New York City and the State of Delaware are doing to connect more
Americans to well-paying technology jobs through a potent combination of new
tools and training models:

Over twenty forward-leaning communities are committing to take action - with
each other and with national employers - to expand access to tech jobs: The
TechHire initiative will achieve its goals by connecting communities together so
promising ideas happening in one community can be rapidly adopted by other
regions. Today, 21 communities are stepping up and responding to the President's
call-to-action, including:

Louisville  New York City    Philadelphia     Delaware        City of Kearney
and Buffalo County, NE
Colorado                       St. Louis                 Salt Lake City
San Antonio
Los Angeles            Minneapolis          Kansas City         Memphis
Rural Eastern Kentucky
Nashville         Rochester            Detroit            San Francisco
Albuquerque
Chattanooga                     Portland

Building on the promising work already underway in their communities, they are
all committing to three actions:

Using data and innovative hiring practices to expand openness to non-traditional
hiring: Having a data-driven assessment of employer demand is critical to
building a successful regional strategy. Communities are committing to work with
employers to build robust data on where they have greatest needs and what skills
they are looking for; communities will work with employers to build willingness
to hire from both nontraditional and traditional training programs; and
communities will work with employers to review -and upgrade -their recruiting
and hiring practices to enable non-traditional hiring.

    Expanding models for training that prepare students in months, not years:
Communities will recruit, incubate and expand accelerated tech learning programs
- such as coding bootcamps and innovative online training - which enable
interested non-tech-experienced students to gain coding skills in months, not
years. These new models also have potential to reaching to a broader set of
students than have traditionally chosen to pursue tech careers. These new
training programs can be run both independently or embedded as part of a local
community college or university education offering.

    Active local leadership to connect people to jobs with hiring on ramp
programs: Communities will build local strategies and partnerships to connect
people to jobs, with steps ranging from investing in and working with
industry-trusted organizations, which will vouch for those who have the skills
to do the job but who may lack the typical profile of degrees and career
experience. They will host local tech community gatherings with engaged
employers, attract new non-traditional training providers to their regions, and
bring visibility to existing local activities such as tech meet-ups, startup
co-working spaces or startup-weekends - which are already in place in most
middle-size cities or encouraging the founding of these groups if they are not
available locally.

The Administration is encouraging more communities and employers to follow in
their lead with similar innovative strategies to advance these goals.

Examples of TechHire Community Commitments

St. Louis, MO. A network of over 150 employers in St. Louis' rapidly expanding
innovation ecosystem will build on a successful Mastercard pilot to partner with
local non-profit Launchcode, to build the skills of women and underrepresented
minorities for tech jobs, and will also place 250 apprentices in jobs in 2015 at
employers like Monsanto, CitiBank, Enterprise Rent-a-Car, and Anheuser Busch.

New York City, NY. With employers including Microsoft, Verizon, Goldman Sachs,
Google, and Facebook, the Tech Talent Pipeline is announcing new commitments to
prepare college students in the City University of New York (CUNY) system for
and connect them to paid internship opportunities at local tech companies. NYC
will also expand successful models like the NYC Web Development Fellowship
serving 18-26 year olds without a college degree in partnership with the
Flatiron School.

State of Delaware. The new Delaware TechHire initiative is committing to
training entry-level developers in a new accelerated coding bootcamp and Java
and .Net accelerated community college programs giving financial institutions
and healthcare employers, throughout the state, access to a new cohort of
skilled software talent in a matter of months. Capital One, Bank of America,
Christiana Care and others are committing to placing people trained in these
programs this year.

Louisville, KY. Louisville has convened over 20 IT employers as part of the Code
Louisville initiative to train and place new software developers, including
Glowtouch, Appriss, Humana, Zirmed, and Indatus. Louisville will build on this
work in support of the TechHire Initiative: the city will recruit a high-quality
coding bootcamp to Louisville and establish a new partnership between Code
Louisville and local degree granting institutions to further standardize
employer recognition of software development skillsets.

A $100 million competition for innovative approaches to connect Americans with
disabilities, disconnected youth, and others to the fastest path to a good job
in technology and other in-demand fields.

Today the Administration is announcing its commitment to make $100 million
available through the Department of Labor to support innovative approaches to
moving lower skilled workers with barriers to training and employment on the
fastest paths to well-paying information technology and high growth jobs in
industries like healthcare, advanced manufacturing, financial services and other
in-demand sectors. The grant will focus on providing workers the skills for a
pathway to the middle class while providing employers with the skilled
technology workers need to grow and expand. This grant will serve people with
barriers to accessing training including people with childcare responsibilities,
people with disabilities, people with limited English proficiency, and
disconnected youth, among others. It will serve both unemployed and low skilled
front line workers.

Grants will pilot and scale innovative partnerships between employers, workforce
boards, training institutions, non-profit organizations, and cities and states
across the country. These partnerships will support the implementation of
job-driven training strategies to help workers complete basic and technical
skills training using evidence-based strategies such as accelerated learning,
work-based learning and Registered Apprenticeships. A solicitation for
applications for these partnerships will be available this fall and awards will
be made next year. These grants will be financed by a user fee paid by employers
to bring foreign workers into the United States under the H-1B nonimmigrant visa
program.

Private sector leaders are announcing tools and resources to scale continued
innovation in technology training, with a focus on reaching under-served
populations.

Expanding accelerated models for training in months not years:

A group of 10 bootcamps are jointly announcing a shared, third-party validated
format for annually publishing completion and employment outcomes to help
continue to drive innovation in the bootcamp model.

The accelerated training providers Dev Bootcamp, Hack Reactor, Microsoft,
Treehouse Island, Inc., and Udacity will all be expanding free or discounted
training slots for underserved communities and individuals.

General Assembly will work with community colleges, other training providers,
and employers with the aim of further standardizing web development training
    .
    Flatiron School, Hackbright Academy, and Rural Sourcing are announcing they
will provide pro bono consulting to help interested communities expand and
improve training.

Cisco will provide select individuals interested in career opportunities in IT
with free access to online IT networking skills including hundreds of online
training assets.

Support for local leaders:

Opportunity@Work, a national civic enterprise that is launching at New America
today, will aim to connect policy to action and will collaborate with private
and philanthropic partners to create freely available tools to scale-up employer
commitments to inclusive hiring practices, to facilitate a nationwide learning
network for communities, and to create new financing to help lower-income
Americans be trained and placed into technology jobs.

Capital One, through its FutureEdge initiative, a $150 million effort that will
help increase tech skills and hiring, will collaborate with Opportunity@Work to
provide support tailored to the needs of communities.

#YesWeCode commits to delivering $10 million in scholarships for 2,000
underserved minorities across the nation, to attend coding bootcamps over the
next ten years.

Using data and innovative hiring practices to expand hiring to include
non-traditional training paths:

CEB will develop their own best practices playbook for employers with guidance
to private and public employers on how to recruit tech talent from
non-traditional sources.

LinkedIn will provide free data about the supply and demand of IT skills to
communities to help them identify shortages and focus training resources on
skills most in-demand.

Knack will for the first time make its aptitude test technology available free
of charge to employers, communities, and accelerated training providers that are
launching inclusive training and hiring campaigns aimed at underserved
minorities, women, and veterans.

A complete list of private sector commitments can be found here.

The President's Agenda to Create Pathways to the Middle-Class Through
High-Quality, Job-Driven Training. TechHire is part of the President's broader
agenda to invest in job-driven training:

Vice-President Biden's Job-Driven Training Review. The President's TechHire
initiative builds on the job-driven training review that the President asked the
Vice President to lead in the 2013 State of the Union. Amongst other findings,
the Vice President's review identified information technology generally and
cybersecurity in particular as an emerging area of growth that requires
job-driven training strategies to meet business needs and provide more workers
with a path to the middle class.

VA Accelerated Learning Competition. To ensure that Veterans can take full
advantage of innovative learning models, VA will apply $10M in innovation
funding to leverage accelerated learning and test its effectiveness for
transitioning Servicemembers and Veterans over the next two years. VA will
concentrate this initiative in communities where conditions are conducive for VA
to provide industry-specific and place-based support to Veterans and
transitioning Servicemembers

American Apprenticeship Grant Competition. Last year, DOL opened a $100 million
competition to spur partnerships between employers, labor, training providers,
and local governments to expand apprenticeships into high-growth fields like
information technology and scale models that work. The deadline for this
application is April 30, 2015, and more information is available at the Grants.
gov application page.

Information Technology Industry-Credentialing partnerships. The President's
FY2016 budget proposes $300 million to fund IT jobs partnerships between
regional employers to develop and adopt assessments and credentials that will
give more people the chance to qualify for a better, higher-paying tech job
regardless of their pedigree.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: May 6, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              624 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       Charleston Gazette (West Virginia)

                          January 11, 2012, Wednesday

AEP employees receive grant for service to Skyview Garden Club

BYLINE: Clint Thomas

SECTION: METRO EAST; Pg. P1

LENGTH: 556 words


cthomas@cnpapers.com 304-348-1232

John and Scott Rader have received an AEP Connects grant from Appalachian Power,
an affiliate of American Electric Power, for their significant volunteer service
with the Skyview Garden Club and its numerous community projects.

Recently, the Raders presented checks for "Dollars for Doers" grants, totaling
$300, to Skyview Garden Club Treasurer Annette Snedegar.

Snedegar expressed the appreciation of the club to the Raders and AEP for the
checks which will be used for future projects by the garden club, which is based
between Charleston and Mink Shoals in the Knollwood area.

The AEP Connects program recognizes the commitment of AEP employees and retirees
to their communities and supports causes that are important to groups such as
the Skyview Garden Club and the projects with which they work.

Among the foremost Skyview Garden Club projects are those done with the hearing-
and speech-impaired students at nearby Shoals Elementary School. Recently, club
members assisted the students in planting pansies after the current school year
began.

The club also helped with the beautification of the grounds at the Knollwood
community playground. Club members planted additional trees last spring and
summer. They also made improvements to the wooden structures at the playground
and graveled the playground parking lot. The playground is maintained and
improved annually by the garden club.

At the October Skyview Garden Club meeting, Snedegar addressed her fellow
members on the possibility of receiving wild yard registry certification. The
West Virginia Wild Yards Registry is sponsored by the West Virginia Division of
Natural Resources for the purpose of creating wildlife habitats statewide.

Snedegar explained many individuals may already be eligible to receive a
certificate for the program and not realize it. She also covered the criteria
for those who do not currently qualify.

Establishing a backyard habitat requires four necessary components: water, food,
shelter and space. According to WVDNR Wild Yards materials, this may be
accomplished by providing feeders, birdbaths, nesting boxes or creating an
undisturbed area where native plants and wildlife may flourish.

Skyview Garden Club members are striving for a 100 percent participation in this
program and encouraging others in the community to do so, as well. Those
interested in learning more about the program, may contact the West Virginia
Wild Yards coordinator at 304-637-0245 or rsullivan@dnr.state.wv.us

Furthering their goal of neighborhood beautification, Skyview Garden Club
completed their annual litter pickup in the Knollwood Subdivision in late
September. Commemorative clocks were presented to the eight club members who
participated.

Michael Morris, chairman, president and chief executive officer of AEP, said
that more than 780 grants, representing 130,000 volunteer hours donated by AEP
employees and retirees and their families, were made last year across AEP's
11-state service territory.

"Although no monetary grant can compare to the value of the time our employees
and retirees give to worthwhile clauses," Morris said, "the $150 grants made by
this program in the names of AEP volunteers will help schools and nonprofit
organizations, such as Skyview Garden Club, meet the challenges of fulfilling
important human needs."

LOAD-DATE: January 11, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2012 Charleston Newspapers


                              625 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            March 5, 2014 Wednesday

Utah: Cleveland Museum of Art Receives Anonymous $10 Million Gift

LENGTH: 287  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Foundation Center, The State of Utah has issued the following news release:

The gift already has enabled the museum to establish two endowments -- one to
fund community engagement activities and the other to support interpretation of
the museum's collections. The endowment for community engagement will be used to
advance a comprehensive, multifaceted effort to connect the museum with the life
of the community. The interpretation endowment, which completes the match
portion of a challenge grant from the National Endowment for the Humanities,
will support the development of interpretive materials and tools, program
modifications, and interactive technology updates designed to help museum
visitors connect with various perspectives on works in the collection and their
histories.

The funds also helped make possible the acquisition last December of the
Catherine Glynn Benkaim and Ralph Benkaim Collection of Deccan and Mughal
Paintings, a private collection of ninety-five works from royal Islamic courts
in India that juxtaposes Christian subjects alongside Hindu and Muslim themes.

"This incredibly generous gift really touches upon the fundamental initiatives
of the Cleveland Museum of Art," said Fred Bidwell, the museum's interim
director. "The establishment of the two endowments and the Benkaim Collection
acquisition reflect the museum's mission and help to leverage this vision to
optimally benefit its diverse communities. Adhering to the highest standards of
excellence in scholarship, artistic excellence and community engagement, the
museum can contribute to and enhance the quality of life of Northeast Ohio
citizens and beyond."

For further information please visit: http://www.philanthropynewsdigest.org/

LOAD-DATE: March 6, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              626 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       The Indianapolis Business Journal

                                October 11, 2010

Aboite New Trails, Inc.;
Fort Wayne

LENGTH: 706 words


Aboite New Trails, Inc. Fort Wayne

Considered America's new front porch, community greenways do more than connect
people to places. They connect people to each other.

In 2001, Ft. Wayne's suburban and developing areas were sprawling. Communities
were showing symptoms of a disconnected, auto-centric society - traffic
congestion, declining health, rising obesity rates and the growing isolation of
disadvantaged populations with few transportation alternatives. It was so
dangerous to walk or bike to school that some school districts actually banned
the practice.

Cities including Madison, WI, and Indianapolis were cultivating thriving trail
systems, and sub "area volunteers" in Ft. Wayne wanted their citizens to enjoy
the same benefits. With a groundswell of public support, Aboite New Trails (ANT)
was founded and began work on a regional trail system that would serve to
improve area health, safety, and overall quality of life for area citizens.

With national statistics showing 42% of trips at a walkable or bikeable two
miles or less, the Aboite Trails and their connections provide an alternative to
driving and bring newfound independence to people who can't drive or who don't
own cars. Trails now provide nursing homes, underserved neighborhoods and many
previously unconnected communities with safe pedestrian avenues that allow
residents to walk to the store or the doctor, to church or the park.

The trails encourage a more active lifestyle, winning them the ardent support of
area healthcare providers. When Lutheran Hospital CEO Joe Dorko spoke at
Lutheran Loop ribbon cutting, he offered, "We can't think of any better way to
give back to the community than to help build a trail system that everyone can
use to improve their health and their lives."

ANT is funded 100 percent by donations, grants and in-kind support from
individuals, foundations, corporations and government agencies. To keep the
trail system visible in the public eye, ANT's strategic plan calls for
aggressive public relations efforts. In 2008, those efforts won Aboite a $10,000
grant through its local ABC affiliate, Indiana's News Center, during ABC's
nationwide Oprah's Big Give. Grantees were challenged to grow that seed money
and demonstrate significant community impact in five short weeks.

Working closely with the City of Ft. Wayne, ANT staged a community-wide trails
event featuring Colts' coach Tony Dungy and his players, and raised more than
$1.2 million. Ft. Wayne was recognized during the Oprah Winfrey Show as the
national winner, raising more money than any of the other 90 participants across
the country.

Today, ANT reaches out to stakeholders across the fencepost and via its website,
email and social media. All trail projects are backed by a public relations plan
that places great value on grassroots "spreading the good word" conversation.
ANT diligently collects testimonials from trail neighbors and trail users, and
regularly posts quotes on its website and Facebook fan page. Some of the trail's
most consistent users are the schools, neighborhoods, and employees and
clientele of local businesses that now connect to the trails.

ANT relies on the leadership of an experienced board (75 percent of the original
members remain on the board today) and a full-time Executive Director, Lori
Keys. She's a frequent speaker at regional and national trail conferences where
she enthusiastically shares the group's grassroots success story. The
communities of South Bend, Granger and Evansville, IN, have all consulted with
ANT and use it as a model of a grassrootsdriven trail system while developing
their own programs and trail networks.

"We want to improve quality of life for area citizens," Keys says. "Through
daily, free use of these safe, interconnected trails, citizens from all walks of
life can participate in a broader, connected and ultimately healthier community.
"

Trails foster a sense of belonging and help form relationships between people of
all ages, races, abilities and socioeconomic backgrounds. The thousands of
letters, emails, phone calls, website visits and social media comments from
people happy to share and support the trails prove to ANT that a connected
community is a happy, healthy and vibrant community.

LOAD-DATE: December 10, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2010 IBJ Corporation
                              All Rights Reserved


                              627 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                     News-Journal (Daytona Beach, Florida)

                           November 6, 2010 Saturday
                            N-j West Volusia Edition

Downtown DeLand path nearly done

BYLINE: KELLY CUCULIANSKY, KELLY CUCULIANSKY - STAFF WRITER

SECTION: SECTION C; Pg. 1C

LENGTH: 559  words

DATELINE: DELAND


DELAND -- A few more finishing touches and all the Alabama Avenue Greenway will
need is some bicycles, strollers, skates or just plain old sneakers treading
away to call it complete.

After six months of construction, newly planted palms, magnolias and live oaks
now flank the nearly finished Greenway. Some concrete ramps need to be poured
and set, and additional trees will be planted in time for city leaders to
celebrate the official opening early next month.

The 1.3-mile trail is part of the city's effort to encourage alternative
transportation and a product of DeLand's strategic plan to create a connected
community with paths that allow residents to move about the city in a
"pedestrian" fashion. It's designed to add to DeLand's sense of community and
eventually connect to other trail networks, such as Volusia County's Spring to
Spring Trail and other city trails.

The first phase cost about $611,000 and the project is almost entirely grant
-funded by the Volusia County ECHO program and the Florida Department of
Transportation. The city pitched in its right of way land as a match for the
grant, and spent about $117,000 for design and engineering.

The Greenway starts at Beresford Road and Amelia Avenue and connects to Alabama
Avenue, where it runs past several recreation areas, such as tennis courts, Earl
Brown Park, the city skateboard park and athletic fields. For now, it ends at
Painter's Park on Wisconsin Avenue, though a second phase is planned.

There's a lot of nice destinations on the trail," said Keith Riger, city
engineer and public services director.

The trail is a mix of asphalt and concrete and is mostly 12 feet wide, although
some areas are more narrow due to space constraints.

Steven Tonjes, a local cyclist who bikes about two miles to work, said it's the
type of amenity that attracts companies to communities. He's been trying to
encourage DeLand to pursue bicycle/ pedestrian improvements and funding to get
those projects going.

I've been eagerly watching it since it's right behind where I work at FDOT and
occasionally I'll take that route," said Tonjes, a Planning and Zoning Board
member.

And while it's not officially open, some folks are already getting use out of
it, mostly near Earl Brown Park, where it connects to a path that loops around a
pond.

Velia Garcia said she's already walked a section of it. It's good for DeLand to
invest in trails, she said, "especially right now with the obesity problem," in
this country, she said. "People need to walk and exercise."

The second phase will be about half as long, to connect the existing section to
the Stetson University campus. The Greenway will pick up through Painter's Pond
and enter the campus on Ohio Avenue, ending on Garfield Avenue.

The proposal has been well-received by Stetson's Board of Trustees, said Al
Allen, associate vice president of Stetson's Department of Facilities
Management. It's good for public safety, he said.

We want our campus to be bike-friendly," he said. "This just enhances the
appearance of the campus and the ability of people to move through the campus,"
he said.

DeLand will be coordinating with Stetson to donate easements and rights of way
for the project, he said.

There's about $300,000 of grant funding left to spend on construction of the
next phase, city officials said. Construction may start in the next couple of
months.

LOAD-DATE: November 18, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Caption: Photo 1: Several miles of the Alabama Avenue Greenway are
almost complete. The trail is almost entirely funded by grant money from Volusia
County's ECHO program and the Florida Department of Transportation.
News-Journal/ KELLY CUCULIANSKYNews-Journal Graphic of locator map of "Alabama
Avenue Greenway"

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: DBNJ

                Copyright 2010 ProQuest Information and Learning
                              All Rights Reserved
                               ProQuest SuperText
                    Copyright 2010 News-Journal Corporation


                              628 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                     News-Journal (Daytona Beach, Florida)

                           November 6, 2010 Saturday
                            N-j West Volusia Edition

Downtown DeLand path nearly done

BYLINE: KELLY CUCULIANSKY, KELLY CUCULIANSKY - STAFF WRITER

SECTION: SECTION C; Pg. 1C

LENGTH: 559  words

DATELINE: DELAND


DELAND -- A few more finishing touches and all the Alabama Avenue Greenway will
need is some bicycles, strollers, skates or just plain old sneakers treading
away to call it complete.

After six months of construction, newly planted palms, magnolias and live oaks
now flank the nearly finished Greenway. Some concrete ramps need to be poured
and set, and additional trees will be planted in time for city leaders to
celebrate the official opening early next month.

The 1.3-mile trail is part of the city's effort to encourage alternative
transportation and a product of DeLand's strategic plan to create a connected
community with paths that allow residents to move about the city in a
"pedestrian" fashion. It's designed to add to DeLand's sense of community and
eventually connect to other trail networks, such as Volusia County's Spring to
Spring Trail and other city trails.

The first phase cost about $611,000 and the project is almost entirely grant
-funded by the Volusia County ECHO program and the Florida Department of
Transportation. The city pitched in its right of way land as a match for the
grant, and spent about $117,000 for design and engineering.

The Greenway starts at Beresford Road and Amelia Avenue and connects to Alabama
Avenue, where it runs past several recreation areas, such as tennis courts, Earl
Brown Park, the city skateboard park and athletic fields. For now, it ends at
Painter's Park on Wisconsin Avenue, though a second phase is planned.

There's a lot of nice destinations on the trail," said Keith Riger, city
engineer and public services director.

The trail is a mix of asphalt and concrete and is mostly 12 feet wide, although
some areas are more narrow due to space constraints.

Steven Tonjes, a local cyclist who bikes about two miles to work, said it's the
type of amenity that attracts companies to communities. He's been trying to
encourage DeLand to pursue bicycle/ pedestrian improvements and funding to get
those projects going.

I've been eagerly watching it since it's right behind where I work at FDOT and
occasionally I'll take that route," said Tonjes, a Planning and Zoning Board
member.

And while it's not officially open, some folks are already getting use out of
it, mostly near Earl Brown Park, where it connects to a path that loops around a
pond.

Velia Garcia said she's already walked a section of it. It's good for DeLand to
invest in trails, she said, "especially right now with the obesity problem," in
this country, she said. "People need to walk and exercise."

The second phase will be about half as long, to connect the existing section to
the Stetson University campus. The Greenway will pick up through Painter's Pond
and enter the campus on Ohio Avenue, ending on Garfield Avenue.

The proposal has been well-received by Stetson's Board of Trustees, said Al
Allen, associate vice president of Stetson's Department of Facilities
Management. It's good for public safety, he said.

We want our campus to be bike-friendly," he said. "This just enhances the
appearance of the campus and the ability of people to move through the campus,"
he said.

DeLand will be coordinating with Stetson to donate easements and rights of way
for the project, he said.

There's about $300,000 of grant funding left to spend on construction of the
next phase, city officials said. Construction may start in the next couple of
months.

LOAD-DATE: November 17, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Caption: Photo 1: Several miles of the Alabama Avenue Greenway are
almost complete. The trail is almost entirely funded by grant money from Volusia
County's ECHO program and the Florida Department of Transportation.
News-Journal/ KELLY CUCULIANSKYNews-Journal Graphic of locator map of "Alabama
Avenue Greenway"

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: DBNJ

                Copyright 2010 ProQuest Information and Learning
                              All Rights Reserved
                               ProQuest SuperText
                    Copyright 2010 News-Journal Corporation


                              629 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                     News-Journal (Daytona Beach, Florida)

                           November 6, 2010 Saturday
                            N-j West Volusia Edition

Downtown DeLand path nearly done

BYLINE: KELLY CUCULIANSKY, KELLY CUCULIANSKY - STAFF WRITER

SECTION: SECTION C; Pg. 1C

LENGTH: 559  words

DATELINE: DELAND


DELAND -- A few more finishing touches and all the Alabama Avenue Greenway will
need is some bicycles, strollers, skates or just plain old sneakers treading
away to call it complete.

After six months of construction, newly planted palms, magnolias and live oaks
now flank the nearly finished Greenway. Some concrete ramps need to be poured
and set, and additional trees will be planted in time for city leaders to
celebrate the official opening early next month.

The 1.3-mile trail is part of the city's effort to encourage alternative
transportation and a product of DeLand's strategic plan to create a connected
community with paths that allow residents to move about the city in a
"pedestrian" fashion. It's designed to add to DeLand's sense of community and
eventually connect to other trail networks, such as Volusia County's Spring to
Spring Trail and other city trails.

The first phase cost about $611,000 and the project is almost entirely grant
-funded by the Volusia County ECHO program and the Florida Department of
Transportation. The city pitched in its right of way land as a match for the
grant, and spent about $117,000 for design and engineering.

The Greenway starts at Beresford Road and Amelia Avenue and connects to Alabama
Avenue, where it runs past several recreation areas, such as tennis courts, Earl
Brown Park, the city skateboard park and athletic fields. For now, it ends at
Painter's Park on Wisconsin Avenue, though a second phase is planned.

There's a lot of nice destinations on the trail," said Keith Riger, city
engineer and public services director.

The trail is a mix of asphalt and concrete and is mostly 12 feet wide, although
some areas are more narrow due to space constraints.

Steven Tonjes, a local cyclist who bikes about two miles to work, said it's the
type of amenity that attracts companies to communities. He's been trying to
encourage DeLand to pursue bicycle/ pedestrian improvements and funding to get
those projects going.

I've been eagerly watching it since it's right behind where I work at FDOT and
occasionally I'll take that route," said Tonjes, a Planning and Zoning Board
member.

And while it's not officially open, some folks are already getting use out of
it, mostly near Earl Brown Park, where it connects to a path that loops around a
pond.

Velia Garcia said she's already walked a section of it. It's good for DeLand to
invest in trails, she said, "especially right now with the obesity problem," in
this country, she said. "People need to walk and exercise."

The second phase will be about half as long, to connect the existing section to
the Stetson University campus. The Greenway will pick up through Painter's Pond
and enter the campus on Ohio Avenue, ending on Garfield Avenue.

The proposal has been well-received by Stetson's Board of Trustees, said Al
Allen, associate vice president of Stetson's Department of Facilities
Management. It's good for public safety, he said.

We want our campus to be bike-friendly," he said. "This just enhances the
appearance of the campus and the ability of people to move through the campus,"
he said.

DeLand will be coordinating with Stetson to donate easements and rights of way
for the project, he said.

There's about $300,000 of grant funding left to spend on construction of the
next phase, city officials said. Construction may start in the next couple of
months.

LOAD-DATE: November 16, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Caption: Photo 1: Several miles of the Alabama Avenue Greenway are
almost complete. The trail is almost entirely funded by grant money from Volusia
County's ECHO program and the Florida Department of Transportation.
News-Journal/ KELLY CUCULIANSKYNews-Journal Graphic of locator map of "Alabama
Avenue Greenway"

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: DBNJ

                Copyright 2010 ProQuest Information and Learning
                              All Rights Reserved
                               ProQuest SuperText
                    Copyright 2010 News-Journal Corporation


                              630 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                         Albert Lea Tribune (Minnesota)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                            August 25, 2016 Thursday

Library receives $72K grant for mobile hotspots, iPads

BYLINE: Sam Wilmes, Albert Lea Tribune, Minn.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 467 words


Aug. 25--The Minnesota Department of Education announced Monday the Albert Lea
Public Library was awarded a large grant to add mobile hotspots and iPad
tablets.

The library was awarded a $72,504 Library Services and Technology grant for its
Check Out the Internet@ALPL project. This will bring an additional 60 mobile
hotspots and 25 mobile iPad tablets to its collection for 12 months.

The devices will be available starting Sept. 7. Balloons, treats and device
demonstrations provided by Friends of the Albert Lea Public Library are planned
for that day at the library.

According to a press release, the library will offer a Wi-Fi hotspot and mobile
tablet lending program to Albert Lea Public Library patrons who are Freeborn
County residents. Patrons will be able to borrow Wi-Fi hotspots or mobile
tablets for up to three weeks. Users will be able to connect the Wi-Fi hotspot
to personal devices or to a borrowed mobile iPad tablet from the library.

The project will "provide patrons with equal access to technology and tools they
need to connect to not only their community, but to the world," the release
stated.

"On any given day you can find individuals in the library's parking lot after
closing hours on their laptops and tablets so they can use the library's Wi-Fi,"
Albert Lea Public Library Director Peggy Havener said. "Now we can let them
check it out and take it home."

The application for the grant was submitted in May. Havener said she attributes
the awarding of the grant to the library's status as the only public library in
Freeborn County, along with the county's large rural population and work the
library has been doing in the community.

The library will offer free computer classes this fall, including digital
literacy and basic computer classes, as well as introductory classes on how to
use hotspots and tablets. Registration is required.

More than one-third of K-12 students from low-income and rural households are
unable to access the internet at home for homework and education, the release
stated.

"Access is also important for jobs, banking, bill paying, continuing education
and staying connected to distant friends and family," the release stated.
"Internet access is no longer a luxury; it is an essential service."

The Check Out the Internet@ALPL project was made possible in part by funding
from the Minnesota Department of Education through a Library Services and
Technology Act grant from the Institute of Museum and Library Services.

An earlier plan by library staff to distribute mobile hotspots and tablets was
discontinued because the new grant provides more hotspots and tablets, Havener
said.

___ (c)2016 the Albert Lea Tribune (Albert Lea, Minn.) Visit the Albert Lea
Tribune (Albert Lea, Minn.) at www.albertleatribune.com Distributed by Tribune
Content Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: August 25, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20160825-1AL-Library-receives-72K-grant
-for-mobile-hotspots-iPads-0825-20160825

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1AL


                       Copyright 2016 Albert Lea Tribune


                              631 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                US Official News

                            November 20, 2015 Friday

California Public Utilities Commission notice; The Communications Division has
prepared Resolution T-17503 for the December 17, 2015, Commission Meeting.

LENGTH: 6273 words

DATELINE: Lahore



    Sacramento: California Public Utilities Commission has issued the following
notice:



 Resolution T-17503 DRAFT Agenda ID# 14468

 CD/WG1

 154995389

 PUBLIC UTILITIES COMMISSION OF THE STATE OF CALIFORNIA

 Communications Division

 RESOLUTION T-17503

 Broadband, Policy and Analysis Branch

 DATE December 17, 2015

 R E S O L U T I O N

 Resolution T-17503: Approval of funding for the grant application of Anza
Electric Cooperative, Inc. from the California Advanced Services Fund (CASF) in
the amount of $2,662,450 for the Connect Anza Project, located in a CASF
&ldquo;priority area.&rdquo;



    __________________________________________________________________

 I. Summary

 This Resolution approves funding in the amount of $2,662,450 from the
California Advanced Service Fund (CASF) in response to the grant application
from Anza Electric Cooperative, Inc. (AEC) which proposes to install a
fiber-to-the-premises (FTTP) system in the unincorporated communities of Anza,
Aguanga, Lake Riverside Estates, and Reed Valley in Western Riverside County (
Connect Anza Project). The Connect Anza Project will extend 50 Mbps and above
broadband service to approximately 3,751 households spread over 213 square miles
in the Anza Valley at a cost of $710 per household in CASF subsidies. The Anza
Valley is located 13 miles south of Idyllwild, approximately 35 miles southwest
of Palm Springs and 120 miles southeast of Los Angeles. The Connect Anza project
will also provide substantial safety and health benefits including, but not
limited to, resilient high capacity broadband infrastructure that will provide
access to e-health services and voice service that will meet all safety
standards, including E911.

 II. Background

 On December 20, 2007, the California Public Utilities Commission, in Decision
(D.) 07-12-054, established the CASF program as a two-year program to provide
funds for the

 Resolution T-17503 DRAFT 12/17/2015

 CD/WG1

 2

 deployment of broadband infrastructure in unserved and underserved areas in
California.

 On September 25, 2010, Governor Schwarzenegger signed Senate Bill (SB) 1040,1
which codified the CASF program and expanded it to include three accounts: (1)
the Infra-structure Grant Account, (2) the Consortia Grant Account, and (3) the
Revolving Loan Account. The latter two accounts are intended to address the
needs that were unmet under the original CASF program. SB 1040 also expanded the
CASF fund from $100 million to $225 million, adding $100 million to the
Infrastructure Grant Account and allocating $10 million and $15 million to the
Consortia Grant Account and the Revolving Loan Account, respectively.2

 On February 1, 2012, the Commission approved D.12-02-015 to implement new
guidelines for the Infrastructure Grant and Revolving Loan Accounts. Key
provisions of the decision include:

 [#xf0b7] A maximum CASF grant award of 70 percent of project costs for unserved
areas and 60 percent for underserved areas; and,

 [#xf0b7] A definition of an underserved area, &ldquo;where broadband is
available, but no wireline or wireless facilities-based provider offers service
at advertised speeds of at least 6 megabits per second (Mbps) downstream and 1.5
Mbps upstream (6 Mbps /1.5 Mbps).&rdquo;

 Subsequently, on June 26, 2014, the Commission approved Resolution T-17443,
which (relevant to this resolution) opened the CASF Broadband Infrastructure
Grant Account to new applications as of December 1, 2014, and offered existing
providers a &ldquo;right of first refusal&rdquo; to upgrade service in unserved
and underserved areas.3

 On July 16, 2015, AEC submitted an application for CASF funding to bring
symmetrical 50 Mbps and above broadband service to the homes and businesses of
the unincorporated communities of Anza, Aguanga, Lake Riverside Estates, and
Reed Valley via a FTTP connection. No existing provider made a commitment to
upgrade service before the November 1, 2014, &ldquo;first refusal&rdquo;
deadline. Because of this, CD

 1 Stats. 2010, c. 317, codified at Public Utilities (P.U.) Code &sect; 281

 2 P.U. Code &sect; 281(b)(1).

 3 The Commission later issued D.14-02-018 to implement provisions in Senate
Bill 740 (Padilla, Stats 2013, Chapter 522), which amended P.U. Code &sect; 281
and expanded eligibility for CASF Infrastructure Grants/Loans to non-telephone
corporations.

 Resolution T-17503 DRAFT 12/17/2015

 CD/WG1

 3

 determined the proposed project area to be &ldquo;underserved&rdquo; and
eligible for new applications.

 On September 17, 2015, Anza modified their application. The initial application
proposed to serve a 319 square mile area which includes the California State
Route 74 &lsquo;Pines to Palms&rsquo; state scenic highway. Given that a
categorical CEQA exemption cannot be granted for above-ground fiber projects
along scenic highways, Anza modified their application to exclude the Highway 74
corridor. This modification reduced the total project area to 213 square miles.
The applicant estimates a 10 percent reduction in the number of households to be
served (an estimated 375 households) given the 106 mile modification.

 III. Notice/Protests

 On July 17, 2015, CD posted the proposed project area map, census block groups
(CBGs) and zip codes for the Connect Anza Project on the Commission&rsquo;s CASF
webpage under &ldquo;CASF Application Project Summaries&rdquo; and also sent
notice regarding the project to its electronic service list. CD did not receive
any challenges to the proposed project.4

 IV. Discussion

 This Resolution adopts CD&rsquo;s recommended award of $2,662,450 in a CASF
grant for the Connect Anza Project. This award represents 60 percent of the
applicant&rsquo;s estimated total project cost of $4,437,418. Key project
information and maps are shown in Appendix A.

 A. Applicant and Project Overview

 AEC5 currently owns and distributes electricity using over 700 miles of line in
Southwest Riverside County covering the areas of Anza, Garner Valley, Pinyon,
Alpine Village, Royal Carrizo and parts of Aguanga. AEC proposes to deploy a
fiber optic

 4 CD received an email after the challenge period from an individual who has a
small fixed wireless and satellite reseller business in Anza, CA. He did not
challenge the project but, instead, expressed opposition to the fixed wireless
portion of the project, noting the presence of the two small local wireless
providers (MtPalomar.net and Wireless Internet Pro) who do advertise up to
served speeds in some locations. The two providers do not provide data to the
Commission and staff has no way of validating their service.

 5 AEC is an incorporated non-profit 501(c) (12) electricity (member-owned)
cooperative. According to the AEC website
(http://www.anzaelectric.org/content/about-us), AEC provides power to 3900
homes, schools, businesses and 20 irrigation loads.

 Resolution T-17503 DRAFT 12/17/2015

 CD/WG1

 4

 network on its existing poles and rights of way and establish a network of
sufficient capacity to establish high speed, quality Internet service for
customers in AEC&rsquo;s electrical service territory. Anza also proposes to
serve approximately 170 transient residences (trailer homes) using a fixed
wireless installation6.

 AEC requested a CASF grant of $2,662,450.81, which is 60 percent of the total
project costs ($4,437,418.02), with matching AEC funding of $1,774,967. If this
project is approved, the project will reach an estimated 3,751 households,7 with
all customers capable of achieving speeds of at least 50 Mbps on both downloads
and uploads which is above the Commission-defined &ldquo;served&rdquo; threshold
of 6 Mbps download/1.5 Mbps upload.

 The Connect Anza project will directly benefit the Cahuilla band of Indians
whose reservation in within the project area. The reservation contains an
estimated8 70 households as well as the Cahuilla Creek Casino and tribal
buildings.

 B. Project Qualification

 To qualify for the CASF program, an applicant is required to submit proof that
the area is unserved or underserved by submitting shapefiles of the proposed
project. CD reviews the submitted shapefiles and compares them with United
States 2010 Census data and the California Interactive Broadband Availability
map.9 Once CD determines that the area is eligible either as an unserved or
underserved area, CD evaluates all other information the applicant has submitted
to determine if the project meets the requirements outlined in D.12-02-015. CD
reviews other information including: descriptions of current and proposed
broadband infrastructure; number of potential subscriber households and average
income; project construction schedule; project budget; proposed pricing and
commitment period for new subscribers; and financial viability of the applicant.


 As an initial step in the review of AEC&rsquo;s application, CD reviewed the
CBGs submitted in the project application and determined that the project was
indeed not served at adequate speeds via wireline or fixed wireless providers.
With regard to mobile service,

 6 The number of trailer homes served and the information that the residents who
live in the trailer homes are transient was stated by the applicant.

 7 The total number of households as recorded in the US 2010 census for census
block group areas to be served by the proposed project.

 8 Total number of households on the Cahuilla Reservation estimated by the
applicant.

 9 Here, CD consulted the latest version of the California Interactive Broadband
Availability Map, with data current as of June 30, 2014.

 Resolution T-17503 DRAFT 12/17/2015

 CD/WG1

 5

 however, the California Interactive Broadband Availability Map indicates that
55% of the proposed project area may be served by Verizon and/or AT&T Mobility
wireless service10. The applicant disputed that the area is served by providing
mobile field tests using the CalSPEED app.11

 The applicant provided 43 CalSPEED tests conducted on July 3, 2015 (see
Appendix D for a list of speed test results). All of the test results showed
unserved or underserved speeds within the project area. This finding, when
combined with the fact that there were no challenges to the project, led staff
to recommend that the area be considered underserved by mobile broadband.

 C. Project Evaluation and Recommendation for Funding

 CD evaluated AEC&rsquo;s application with respect to the scoring criteria
defined in D.12-02-015, Appendix 1, Section VIII (Scoring Criteria). The scoring
criteria includes: (i) Funds Requested per Potential Customer; (ii) Speed, (iii)
Financial Viability; (iv) Pricing; (v) Total Number of Households in the
Proposed Area; (vi) Timeliness of Completion of Project; (vii) Guaranteed
Pricing Period; and (viii) Low-Income Areas. Five bonus points are also added to
an applicant&rsquo;s score if local government and community endorsements or
letters of support are submitted. CD also conducted qualitative evaluation of
the project area, existing infrastructure, and community needs.

 The Community. The unincorporated communities of Anza, Aguanga, Lake Riverside
Estates and Reed Valley are located in the high desert southwest of the San
Jacinto Mountains. Anza Valley is located in the high desert southwest of the
San Jacinto Mountains. Coachella Valley (which includes the city of Palm
Springs) lies on the east side of the San Jacinto Mountains. Los Angeles is
approximately 120 miles northwest and San Diego is approximately 75 miles to the
southwest of the proposed project area. The project area is just north of the
San Diego County border in southwestern Riverside County.

 The communities within the project boundary have approximately 3,751 households
with a total population of 9,701 (using 2010 US Census data). For the Census
Designated Place (CDP) of Anza (population 3,040 as reported in the 2010 US
Census), 8.3 percent of the population is 18 years of age or younger, 66 percent
is between the

 10 Mobile broadband coverage is based on either the advertised maximum mobile
provider speed or the speed interpolated from CPUC mobile speed testing points
(using the mean &ndash; 1 standard deviation of all speed readings for that
point), whichever is least.

 11 CalSPEED is the Commission&rsquo;s mobile application that is used to test
mobile broadband speeds.

 Resolution T-17503 DRAFT 12/17/2015

 CD/WG1

 6

 ages of 18 and 62, and 26 percent is 62 years and above. The smaller CDP of
Aguanga (population 1,128 per the 2010 Census) had an even higher percentage of
the population 62 years and older (41 percent). The applicant noted that there
is large number of retired people in the community. The Cahuilla Indian
Reservation is within the project area.

 Based on the information provided in AEC&rsquo;s application, local economic
activity is minimal and a large percentage of the working population commutes
out of the area. Referring to the census data for Anza CDP, 65 percent of the
working population&rsquo;s commute time is 30 minutes or more, with the mean
travel time to work at 41 minutes. The US 2010 Census reported the median
household income (MHI) (per census block data) is $48,038 which is 79 percent of
the state MHI average. However, the poverty rate for Anza CDP is reported at
11.5 percent which is below the state average (15.9 percent).

 The Connect Anza project area includes two public schools; the Hamilton High
School and the Hamilton Elementary School. According to the California
Department of Education, total enrollment at Hamilton High School is 326 and at
the Elementary School it is 445. The proposed project area also includes a small
K-12 Christian school and a private religious university (Olivet University)
whose current enrollment is 120 students and a projected enrollment of 2,000.
There is also a public library, two fire stations and large California
Department of Corrections and Rehabilitation Conservation (Fire) Camp (with a
maximum capacity of 120 inmates).

 The Connect Anza project will increase Internet capacity and enable local
students to take advantage of open-sourced educational materials, thus helping
the area bridge the digital divide. The local public schools already have a
fiber connection through the CENIC12 network. However, the schools have
expressed support for this project due to the opportunities provided to the
students. A robust internet connection will allow students to utilize online
teaching materials and techniques which they cannot currently access and use at
home. Students and parents will be able to utilize online services to organize
class assignments, check grades and communicate with teachers. Given the rural
nature of the community and the substantial distances between schools and
residences, reliable broadband access will allow students to learn at home
without the need to travel to the school. Additionally free Internet access will
be available at the local library and community hall.13

 12 See the CENIC website for a description of their network
(http://cenic.org/about/about-overview).

 13 AEC has committed to providing free Internet access for the community hall
and community park.

 Resolution T-17503 DRAFT 12/17/2015

 CD/WG1

 7

 Olivet University is a religious institution located in the project area.
Olivet University has stated to the applicant that they will leverage the Anza
project fiber network to enable online access and education at the university, a
service that is not currently available.

 CD has received 70 letters of support for the Connect Anza project. CD&rsquo;s
review of the letters of support revealed numerous complaints about the poor
quality of Internet service in the area as well as the lack of broadband
choices. Another theme portrayed in the letters of support for this CASF
proposed project was AEC&rsquo;s dependability for affordable and reliable
energy utility service, including the community&rsquo;s overarching confidence
in AEC.

 Further, the Inland Empire Regional Broadband Consortium recommended the
communities of Anza and Aguanga as priority areas for CASF funding and fully
supports the proposed project. They noted how vital this project is to the
area&rsquo;s long term viability given the needs and opportunities that this
project will address related to telemedicine, education, economic development,
fire and police communications as well as benefiting the Cahuilla Native
American tribes. The project is also supported by elected officials at the
local, state and federal level.

 Pricing and Affordability. AEC has committed to a broadband pricing plan under
the terms shown below, for four years starting from the beginning date of
service. There is no long-term commitment required by the consumer.

 Service Type

 Broadband Speed

 (in Mbps)

 Monthly Charge: Standalone Broadband

 Monthly Charge:

 Bundled with Voice

 Residential

 50 down / 50 up

 $49.99

 $69.99

 Small Business

 100 down / 50 up

 $109.99

 $144.99

 Commercial

 500 down / 500 up

 $2,000.00

 $2,000.00

 Activation and installation (all types): Waived

 Modem charge: No monthly residential or business equipment fee.

 Voice service includes unlimited calling in the United States and to Canada.

 The applicant estimates that about 40 percent of households in the area would
purchase AEC&rsquo;s service because of the area&rsquo;s underserved status.
This take rate14 may actually be

 14 The &ldquo;take rate&rdquo; is the percentage of potential subscribers who
are offered the service that actually do subscribe to the service.

 Resolution T-17503 DRAFT 12/17/2015

 CD/WG1

 8

 higher for a number of reasons. Given that AEC is the long-standing local
utility for electrical service, area residents are familiar with the AEC. AEC is
member-owned and the members voted to change the company&rsquo;s by-laws for the
purpose of providing this service. Given the large percentage of residents who
commute out of the area, robust broadband access would provide an opportunity
for telecommuting.

 The Applicant. AEC is a not-for-profit business with six decades of experience
providing affordable and reliable energy service. AEC owns and maintains over
10,000 poles and other structures necessary for the installation of the cable,
as well as easements necessary to route the system through. AEC already has a
3-mile segment of fiber installed in the downtown Anza area that provides
Internet service free of charge to the Anza Civic Improvement League, the
Community Center Building and a fire station.15 Based on this information, CD
determined that AEC has relevant experience and infrastructure for successfully
installing and operating a high speed fiber optic network to the premises.

 Financial Viability. AEC determined that the project is economically feasible
with a CASF grant of $2,662,450, which is 60 percent of the total project costs,
to match AEC&rsquo;s investment of $1,774,967.

 CD reviewed submitted balance sheet, income, cash flow statements and other
financial viability variables for AEC and concluded that AEC has the existing
capital resources for the 40 percent required matching funds to construct the
Connect Anza project, as well as a sound financial framework for future
operations. Therefore, staff determined that the risk that this project would
encounter financial problems, such as the project not being completed or
maintained over time, is minimal.

 Key Characteristics. CD found that the Connect Anza Project meets CASF funding
requirements with respect to the following factors:

 [#xf0b7] Speed &ndash; the proposed speed offering of 50 Mbps download and 50
Mbps upload (for residential customers) significantly exceeds the 6/1.5
benchmark set by the Commission;

 [#xf0b7] Service area &ndash; is determined to be underserved and covers 213
square miles;

 [#xf0b7] Matching Funds(40 percent of project cost) &ndash; the applicant will
use existing capital; the submitted balance sheet, income and cash flow
statements show that the applicant is financially viable and has the financial
capability to match the funds;

 15 The Connect Anza broadband project would continue to provide complementary
broadband to these organizations and to the other fire stations in the area.

 Resolution T-17503 DRAFT 12/17/2015

 CD/WG1

 9

 [#xf0b7] Price Commitment Period &ndash; the applicant has committed to a
pricing plan of four years, which is two years more than required;

 [#xf0b7] Deployment Schedule &ndash; the applicant has submitted detailed
planning documents, including a schedule with clear milestones to indicate that
it will be completed within the required 24-month construction timeline;

 [#xf0b7] Number of Households &ndash; This project will potentially reach 3,751
households;

 [#xf0b7] Low Income &ndash; The median household income ($48,038) is 79 percent
of the State&rsquo;s median value.

 This project is economical and provides a wide benefit. The CASF per-household
subsidy is $710 per household (based on 3,751 households that will have access).
This state subsidy, when compared to previous subsidies provided through the
CASF program for fiber projects, is low.16 The number of households that Anza
proposes to pass would be the fourth largest CASF last-mile project in terms of
households served and the area served in terms of square miles would be the
highest for all approved CASF last-mile projects.

 Based on its review, CD determined that AEC&rsquo;s grant application for the
Connect Anza Project qualifies for funding as an underserved area and meets the
requirements of D.12-02-015. CD staff further finds that funding the Connect
Anza Project aligns with CASF&rsquo;s goal to encourage the deployment of
high-quality advanced information and communications technologies to all
Californians to promote economic growth, job creation, and substantial social
benefits.

 D. Safety Considerations

 The CASF program encourages the deployment of broadband throughout the State
which can enable the public to access important information in the event of an
emergency, access to emergency services, and allow first responders to
communicate with each other and collaborate during emergencies. As the
Governor&rsquo;s Broadband Task Force stated in its 2007 report, ubiquitous
broadband will play a key role in enhancing public safety operations and
applications in law enforcement, disaster relief, traffic management, and
virtually every other aspect of public safety.

 The census-designated communities of Anza and Aguanga and the communities of
Lake Riverside Estates, and Reed Valley have no local medical clinics. The
nearest facilities are located either in Hemet or Murrieta, both of which are
50-plus minutes by

 16 In reference of the cost of fiber projects funded through the CASF grant
program, the subsidy provided to the Connect Anza project when compared to the
per household subsidy for the other funded fiber projects, is18 percent of the
median and 8 percent of the mean cost per household.

 Resolution T-17503 DRAFT 12/17/2015

 CD/WG1

 10

 car on windy 2-lane roads. Telephone and broadband allows access to these
facilities and providers and can be a critical factor in health and safety
emergencies.

 Additionally, voice service provided as a part of this project would meet all
safety standards, including battery backup, E911 data and access to local PSAPs.


 V. Compliance Requirements

 AEC is required to comply with all the guidelines, requirements, and conditions
associated with the grant of CASF funds as specified in D.12-02-015. Such
compliance includes, but is not limited to:

 A. California Environmental Quality Act (CEQA)

 All CASF grants are subject to CEQA requirements. The Commission must complete
environmental review before funding construction projects, unless the projects
are statutorily or categorically exempt pursuant to the CEQA Guidelines.

 AEC has provided the Commission with their plan to use existing infrastructure
for the installation of a fiber-to-the-premises (FTTP) system in their service
area. Existing electrical infrastructure (with over 700 miles of line and
associated poles) provides power to area residents and businesses. AEC has been
providing power to the area since 1955 and owns most of the existing towers,
buildings, conduits, ducts, rights-of-way, trenches and other facilities (some
poles are owned by Verizon who currently provides telephone service for the
area). AEC will construct its fiber backbone using these existing facilities.
AEC will likewise construct last mile segments in or on existing facilities,
including replacement utility poles (when necessary to meet applicable
engineering and safety standards). AEC anticipates that the only underground
construction that may be required is for short utility extensions. In these
limited instances, AEC may engage in relatively minor ground-disturbing
activities primarily in existing, well-used rights-of-ways and utility easements
in its electric service territory.

 Based on the above information the project qualifies for the following
categorical exemptions from CEQA: This project meets the criteria of the CEQA
categorical exemption for existing facilities (CEQA Guidelines &sect; 15301) and
CEQA Guidelines Section &sect; 15303 &ndash; New Construction or Conversion of
Small Structures, involving construction, installation, and/or conversion of
limited numbers of new and/or existing facilities/structures.

 Resolution T-17503 DRAFT 12/17/2015

 CD/WG1

 11

 B. Deployment Schedule

 The Commission expects AEC to complete the project within 24 months from start
date (as determined by the procedure below). If the applicant is unable to
complete the proposed project within the 24 month timeframe requirement
established by the Commission, it must notify the Director of CD as soon as AEC
becomes aware of this possibility. If such notice is not provided, the
Commission may reduce payment for failure to satisfy the requirement by timely
notifying CD&rsquo;s Director.

 C. Execution and Performance

 CD and AEC shall determine a project start date after the CASF grant recipient
has obtained all approvals. Should AEC or any Contractor it retains fail to
commence work by the designated date, upon five days written notice to AEC, the
Commission may terminate the grant. In the event that AEC fails to complete the
project in accordance with the terms of CPUC approval as set forth in this
resolution, AEC shall reimburse some or all of the CASF funds that it has
received.

 AEC must complete all construction covered by the grant on or before the
termination date.

 D. Performance Bond

 The Commission does not require a performance bond if the applicant is a
CPCN/WIR holder and if the applicant certifies that the percentage of the total
project costs it is providing comes from their capital budget and is not
obtained from outside financing. In its application, AEC certified that the
percentage of the total project costs will come from its existing capital
budget.

 On July 17, 2015, AEC also filed an application for a CPCN, which is currently
pending before the Commission.

 If the Commission grants the CPCN, a performance bond is not required for this
project. However, in the event that the Commission does not award AEC a CPCN,
AEC must provide evidence of an executed performance bond equal to the total
amount payable under the CASF award at the time of the first payment request.

 Resolution T-17503 DRAFT 12/17/2015

 CD/WG1

 12

 D. Price Commitment Period

 The minimum required price commitment period for broadband service to all
households within the project area is two years. AEC exceeds the minimum period
and guarantees the price of service offered in the project area for four years.

 E. Project Audit

 The Commission has the right to conduct any necessary audit, verification, and
discovery during project implementation/construction to ensure that CASF funds
are spent in accordance with Commission approval.

 The recipient&rsquo;s invoices will be subject to a financial audit by the
Commission at any time within three years of completion of the work.

 F. Providing Voice Service

 The proposed project will allow AEC to provide landline voice service via Voice
over Internet Protocol (VoIP). AEC commits to adhere to all FCC requirements in
regards to E911 service and must provide equipment with battery backup.

 G. Reporting

 All grantees must submit quarterly progress reports on the status of the
project irrespective of whether grantees request reimbursement or payment.
Before full payment of the project, AEC must submit a project completion report.
Progress reports shall use the schedule for deployment, major construction
milestones and costs submitted in the proposal; indicate the actual date of
completion of each task/milestone as well as problems and issues encountered,
and the actions taken to resolve these problems and issues during project
implementation and construction; and identify future risks to the project.

 Recipients shall also include test results on the download and upload speeds on
a CBG and zip code basis in the final completion report. AEC must certify that
each progress report is true and correct under penalty of perjury.

 H. Submission of Form 477

 The FCC currently requires broadband providers to biannually submit the Form
477, which includes speed data. While there is an imperfect match between the
data that is

 Resolution T-17503 DRAFT 12/17/2015

 CD/WG1

 13

 reported in the Form 477 and to the CASF, the Form 477 data will be useful in
documenting CASF deployment for the service providers new service. Pursuant to
General Order 66-C, service providers in California must submit a copy of their
Form 477 data directly to the CPUC concurrent with their submission of the same
data to the FCC for a five-year period after completion of the project.17

 VI. Compliance Requirements

 Submission of invoices from and payments to AEC shall be made at 25-percent
completion intervals, in accordance with Section XI of Appendix 1 of D.12-02-015
and according to the guidelines and supporting documentation required in
D.12-02-015.

 Payment to AEC shall follow the process adopted for funds created under P. U.
Code &sect;270. Payments are generally processed by the Commission, including CD
and Administrative Services review time, within 20-25 business days. The State
Controller&rsquo;s Office (SCO) requires an additional 14- 21 days to issue
payment from the day that requests are received by SCO from Administrative
Services.

 VII. Comments on Draft Resolution

 In compliance with Public Utilities Code &sect; 311(g), a notice letter was
e-mailed on MMM DD, 2015, informing all parties on the CASF Distribution List of
the availability of the draft of this resolution for public comments at the
Commission's website at http://www.cpuc.ca.gov/PUC/documents/. This letter also
informed parties that the final conformed Resolution adopted by the Commission
will be posted and available at this same website.

 VIII. Findings

 1. AEC filed an application for CASF funding for its Connect Anza Project on
July 16, 2015. The proposed project will improve speeds by installing a
fiber-to-the-premise system capable of symmetrical 50 Mbps download/upload
service to upwards of 3,751 households in the unincorporated communities of
Anza, Aguanga, Lake Riverside Estates, and Reed Valley in Western Riverside
County. This system would provide broadband Internet service to an area that is

 17 Approval of the California Advanced Services Fund (CASF) Application
Requirements and Scoring Criteria for Awarding CASF Funds (2008) Cal. P.U.C.
Res. No. T-17143 at 4.

 Resolution T-17503 DRAFT 12/17/2015

 CD/WG1

 14

 currently underserved. The CBGs impacted by the project are 060650444021,
060650444022, 060650444023, 060650444031, 060650444032 and 060650444033.

 2. CD posted the proposed project area map, CBGs and zip codes by county for
the AEC Connect Anza Project on the Commission&rsquo;s CASF webpage under
&ldquo;CASF Application Project Summaries&rdquo; on July 17, 2015. CD received
no challenges to this project.

 3. CD reviewed and analyzed data submitted for the AEC Connect Anza
Project&rsquo;s CASF grant application to determine the project&rsquo;s
eligibility for CASF funding. This data included, but was not limited to:
descriptions of current and proposed broadband infrastructure; geographic
information system (GIS) formatted shapefiles mapping the project areas;
assertion that the area is underserved; number of potential subscriber
households and average incomes; project construction schedule; project budget;
proposed pricing and commitment period for new subscribers; and financial
viability of the applicant.

 4. CD reviewed the submitted shapefiles, which mapped the proposed broadband
deployment using United States 2010 Census data and the California Interactive
Broadband Availability Maps, with availability data current as of June 30, 2014.
These maps helped to verify the availability and speed of any broadband service,
where available. The project area was determined to be underserved.

 5. Based on its review, CD determined that the project qualifies for funding
under D. 12-02-015 and recommends Commission approval of CASF funding for
AEC&rsquo;s Connect Anza Project.

 6. AEC is required to comply with all guidelines, requirements, and conditions
associated with the granting of CASF funds as specified in D.12-02-015 and must
submit the FCC Form 477, as specified in T-17143.

 7. The Commission finds CD&rsquo;s recommendation to fund AEC&rsquo;s project,
as summarized in Appendix A, to be reasonable and consistent with Commission
orders and, therefore, adopts such recommendation.

 8. The Commission has determined that the project is categorically exempt from
CEQA review, under Sections 15301, 15303 and 15304 of the CEQA Guidelines
because the project involves minor modifications to existing structures and
facilities and possibly a minor amount of trenching where the surface will be
restored to existing conditions.

 Resolution T-17503 DRAFT 12/17/2015

 CD/WG1

 15

 9. AEC will be required to show evidence of a performance bond at time of first
payment if its CPCN application is not been granted. If the CPCN is granted, AEC
is not required to post a performance bond because 40% of the total project cost
will be financed through AEC&rsquo;s existing capital budget.

 10. A notice letter was e-mailed on November 13, 2015, informing all applicants
filing for CASF funding, parties on the CASF distribution list of the
availability of the draft of this Resolution for public comments at the
Commission&rsquo;s website http://www.cpuc.ca.gov/PUC/documents/. This letter
also informed parties that the final confirmed Resolution adopted by the
Commission will be posted and available at this same website.

 THEREFORE, IT IS ORDERED that:

 1. The Commission shall award $2,662,450 to AEC for the Connect Anza Project as
described herein and summarized in Appendix A of this Resolution.

 2. The program fund payment of $2,662,450 for this project in underserved areas
shall be paid out of the CASF Infrastructure Grant Account in accordance with
the guidelines adopted in D.12-02-015, including compliance with CEQA.

 3. Payments to the CASF recipient shall be in accordance with Section XI of
Appendix 1 of D.12-02-015 and in accordance with the process defined in the
&ldquo;Payments to CASF Recipients&rdquo; section of this Resolution.

 4. The CASF fund recipient, AEC, shall comply with all guidelines, requirements
and conditions associated with the CASF funds award as specified in D.12-02-015
and must submit the FCC Form 477 to the Commission, as specified in Resolution
T-17143.

 Resolution T-17503 DRAFT 12/17/2015

 CD/WG1

 16

 This Resolution is effective today.

 I hereby certify that this Resolution was adopted by the Public Utilities
Commission at its regular meeting on December 17, 2015. The following
Commissioners approved it:

 TIMOTHY J. SULLIVAN

 Executive Director

 Resolution T-17503

 CD/WG1

 APPENDIX

 Resolution T-17503

 CD/WG1

 Appendix A-1

 APPENDIX A

 Resolution T-17503

 Anza Electric Cooperative, Connect Anza Project

 CASF Applicant Key Information Project Name AEC Connect Anza Project

 Project Plan

 Connect Anza will deploy a fiber optic cable on existing poles and rights of
way and establish a network of sufficient capacity to establish high speed,
quality Internet service for Anza Electric Cooperatives (AEC&rsquo;s) existing
service territory located wholly within western Riverside County.

 Project Size (in square miles)

 213

 Download/Upload speed

 50 Mbps / 50 Mbps

 Location

 Riverside County

 Community Names

 The unincorporated communities of Anza, Aguanga, Lake Riverside Estates, and
Reed Valley

 Census Block Groups

 060650444021, 060650444022, 060650444023, 060650444031, 060650444032,
060650444033

 Weighted Median Household Income

 $48,038

 Zip Codes

 92536, 92539, 92544

 Estimated potential subscriber size

 3,751 households

 Applicant expectations

 1,500 households

 Pricing Plan

 Residential Monthly Charge:

 Standalone: $ 49.99/mo

 With Voice: $ 69.99/mo

 Small Business Charge:

 Standard: $109.99/mo

 With Voice: Additional $35 per line

 (no installation or modem fees)

 Deployment Schedule (from Commission approval date)

 24 months

 Proposed Project Budget (Total)

 $4,437,418.02

 Amount of CASF funds requested (60 percent)

 $2,662,450.81

 Applicant funded (40 percent)

 $1,774,967.21

 Resolution T-17503

 CD/WG1

 Appendix B-1

 Appendix B

 Resolution T-17503 AEC Connect Anza

 Project location map

 Resolution T-17503

 CD/WG1

 Appendix C-1

 Appendix C

 Resolution T-17503 AEC Connect Anza

 Existing broadband download speeds

 Resolution T-17503

 CD/WG1

 Appendix C-1

 Appendix D &ndash; Applicant Provided Mobile Speed Tests

 Resolution T-17503

 CD/WG1

 Appendix A-1

 Resolution T-17503

 CD/WG1

 Appendix A-1

 Resolution T-17503

 CD/WG1

 Appendix A-1



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: November 20, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

               Copyright2015Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              632 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                US Official News

                           November 19, 2015 Thursday

California Public Utilities Commission notice; The Communications Division has
prepared Resolution T-17503 for the December 17, 2015, Commission Meeting

LENGTH: 6273 words

DATELINE: Lahore



    Sacramento: California Public Utilities Commission has issued the following
notice:



 Resolution T-17503 DRAFT Agenda ID# 14468

 CD/WG1

 154995389

 PUBLIC UTILITIES COMMISSION OF THE STATE OF CALIFORNIA

 Communications Division

 RESOLUTION T-17503

 Broadband, Policy and Analysis Branch

 DATE December 17, 2015

 R E S O L U T I O N

 Resolution T-17503: Approval of funding for the grant application of Anza
Electric Cooperative, Inc. from the California Advanced Services Fund (CASF) in
the amount of $2,662,450 for the Connect Anza Project, located in a CASF
&ldquo;priority area.&rdquo;



    __________________________________________________________________

 I. Summary

 This Resolution approves funding in the amount of $2,662,450 from the
California Advanced Service Fund (CASF) in response to the grant application
from Anza Electric Cooperative, Inc. (AEC) which proposes to install a
fiber-to-the-premises (FTTP) system in the unincorporated communities of Anza,
Aguanga, Lake Riverside Estates, and Reed Valley in Western Riverside County (
Connect Anza Project). The Connect Anza Project will extend 50 Mbps and above
broadband service to approximately 3,751 households spread over 213 square miles
in the Anza Valley at a cost of $710 per household in CASF subsidies. The Anza
Valley is located 13 miles south of Idyllwild, approximately 35 miles southwest
of Palm Springs and 120 miles southeast of Los Angeles. The Connect Anza project
will also provide substantial safety and health benefits including, but not
limited to, resilient high capacity broadband infrastructure that will provide
access to e-health services and voice service that will meet all safety
standards, including E911.

 II. Background

 On December 20, 2007, the California Public Utilities Commission, in Decision
(D.) 07-12-054, established the CASF program as a two-year program to provide
funds for the

 Resolution T-17503 DRAFT 12/17/2015

 CD/WG1

 2

 deployment of broadband infrastructure in unserved and underserved areas in
California.

 On September 25, 2010, Governor Schwarzenegger signed Senate Bill (SB) 1040,1
which codified the CASF program and expanded it to include three accounts: (1)
the Infra-structure Grant Account, (2) the Consortia Grant Account, and (3) the
Revolving Loan Account. The latter two accounts are intended to address the
needs that were unmet under the original CASF program. SB 1040 also expanded the
CASF fund from $100 million to $225 million, adding $100 million to the
Infrastructure Grant Account and allocating $10 million and $15 million to the
Consortia Grant Account and the Revolving Loan Account, respectively.2

 On February 1, 2012, the Commission approved D.12-02-015 to implement new
guidelines for the Infrastructure Grant and Revolving Loan Accounts. Key
provisions of the decision include:

 [#xf0b7] A maximum CASF grant award of 70 percent of project costs for unserved
areas and 60 percent for underserved areas; and,

 [#xf0b7] A definition of an underserved area, &ldquo;where broadband is
available, but no wireline or wireless facilities-based provider offers service
at advertised speeds of at least 6 megabits per second (Mbps) downstream and 1.5
Mbps upstream (6 Mbps /1.5 Mbps).&rdquo;

 Subsequently, on June 26, 2014, the Commission approved Resolution T-17443,
which (relevant to this resolution) opened the CASF Broadband Infrastructure
Grant Account to new applications as of December 1, 2014, and offered existing
providers a &ldquo;right of first refusal&rdquo; to upgrade service in unserved
and underserved areas.3

 On July 16, 2015, AEC submitted an application for CASF funding to bring
symmetrical 50 Mbps and above broadband service to the homes and businesses of
the unincorporated communities of Anza, Aguanga, Lake Riverside Estates, and
Reed Valley via a FTTP connection. No existing provider made a commitment to
upgrade service before the November 1, 2014, &ldquo;first refusal&rdquo;
deadline. Because of this, CD

 1 Stats. 2010, c. 317, codified at Public Utilities (P.U.) Code &sect; 281

 2 P.U. Code &sect; 281(b)(1).

 3 The Commission later issued D.14-02-018 to implement provisions in Senate
Bill 740 (Padilla, Stats 2013, Chapter 522), which amended P.U. Code &sect; 281
and expanded eligibility for CASF Infrastructure Grants/Loans to non-telephone
corporations.

 Resolution T-17503 DRAFT 12/17/2015

 CD/WG1

 3

 determined the proposed project area to be &ldquo;underserved&rdquo; and
eligible for new applications.

 On September 17, 2015, Anza modified their application. The initial application
proposed to serve a 319 square mile area which includes the California State
Route 74 &lsquo;Pines to Palms&rsquo; state scenic highway. Given that a
categorical CEQA exemption cannot be granted for above-ground fiber projects
along scenic highways, Anza modified their application to exclude the Highway 74
corridor. This modification reduced the total project area to 213 square miles.
The applicant estimates a 10 percent reduction in the number of households to be
served (an estimated 375 households) given the 106 mile modification.

 III. Notice/Protests

 On July 17, 2015, CD posted the proposed project area map, census block groups
(CBGs) and zip codes for the Connect Anza Project on the Commission&rsquo;s CASF
webpage under &ldquo;CASF Application Project Summaries&rdquo; and also sent
notice regarding the project to its electronic service list. CD did not receive
any challenges to the proposed project.4

 IV. Discussion

 This Resolution adopts CD&rsquo;s recommended award of $2,662,450 in a CASF
grant for the Connect Anza Project. This award represents 60 percent of the
applicant&rsquo;s estimated total project cost of $4,437,418. Key project
information and maps are shown in Appendix A.

 A. Applicant and Project Overview

 AEC5 currently owns and distributes electricity using over 700 miles of line in
Southwest Riverside County covering the areas of Anza, Garner Valley, Pinyon,
Alpine Village, Royal Carrizo and parts of Aguanga. AEC proposes to deploy a
fiber optic

 4 CD received an email after the challenge period from an individual who has a
small fixed wireless and satellite reseller business in Anza, CA. He did not
challenge the project but, instead, expressed opposition to the fixed wireless
portion of the project, noting the presence of the two small local wireless
providers (MtPalomar.net and Wireless Internet Pro) who do advertise up to
served speeds in some locations. The two providers do not provide data to the
Commission and staff has no way of validating their service.

 5 AEC is an incorporated non-profit 501(c) (12) electricity (member-owned)
cooperative. According to the AEC website
(http://www.anzaelectric.org/content/about-us), AEC provides power to 3900
homes, schools, businesses and 20 irrigation loads.

 Resolution T-17503 DRAFT 12/17/2015

 CD/WG1

 4

 network on its existing poles and rights of way and establish a network of
sufficient capacity to establish high speed, quality Internet service for
customers in AEC&rsquo;s electrical service territory. Anza also proposes to
serve approximately 170 transient residences (trailer homes) using a fixed
wireless installation6.

 AEC requested a CASF grant of $2,662,450.81, which is 60 percent of the total
project costs ($4,437,418.02), with matching AEC funding of $1,774,967. If this
project is approved, the project will reach an estimated 3,751 households,7 with
all customers capable of achieving speeds of at least 50 Mbps on both downloads
and uploads which is above the Commission-defined &ldquo;served&rdquo; threshold
of 6 Mbps download/1.5 Mbps upload.

 The Connect Anza project will directly benefit the Cahuilla band of Indians
whose reservation in within the project area. The reservation contains an
estimated8 70 households as well as the Cahuilla Creek Casino and tribal
buildings.

 B. Project Qualification

 To qualify for the CASF program, an applicant is required to submit proof that
the area is unserved or underserved by submitting shapefiles of the proposed
project. CD reviews the submitted shapefiles and compares them with United
States 2010 Census data and the California Interactive Broadband Availability
map.9 Once CD determines that the area is eligible either as an unserved or
underserved area, CD evaluates all other information the applicant has submitted
to determine if the project meets the requirements outlined in D.12-02-015. CD
reviews other information including: descriptions of current and proposed
broadband infrastructure; number of potential subscriber households and average
income; project construction schedule; project budget; proposed pricing and
commitment period for new subscribers; and financial viability of the applicant.


 As an initial step in the review of AEC&rsquo;s application, CD reviewed the
CBGs submitted in the project application and determined that the project was
indeed not served at adequate speeds via wireline or fixed wireless providers.
With regard to mobile service,

 6 The number of trailer homes served and the information that the residents who
live in the trailer homes are transient was stated by the applicant.

 7 The total number of households as recorded in the US 2010 census for census
block group areas to be served by the proposed project.

 8 Total number of households on the Cahuilla Reservation estimated by the
applicant.

 9 Here, CD consulted the latest version of the California Interactive Broadband
Availability Map, with data current as of June 30, 2014.

 Resolution T-17503 DRAFT 12/17/2015

 CD/WG1

 5

 however, the California Interactive Broadband Availability Map indicates that
55% of the proposed project area may be served by Verizon and/or AT&T Mobility
wireless service10. The applicant disputed that the area is served by providing
mobile field tests using the CalSPEED app.11

 The applicant provided 43 CalSPEED tests conducted on July 3, 2015 (see
Appendix D for a list of speed test results). All of the test results showed
unserved or underserved speeds within the project area. This finding, when
combined with the fact that there were no challenges to the project, led staff
to recommend that the area be considered underserved by mobile broadband.

 C. Project Evaluation and Recommendation for Funding

 CD evaluated AEC&rsquo;s application with respect to the scoring criteria
defined in D.12-02-015, Appendix 1, Section VIII (Scoring Criteria). The scoring
criteria includes: (i) Funds Requested per Potential Customer; (ii) Speed, (iii)
Financial Viability; (iv) Pricing; (v) Total Number of Households in the
Proposed Area; (vi) Timeliness of Completion of Project; (vii) Guaranteed
Pricing Period; and (viii) Low-Income Areas. Five bonus points are also added to
an applicant&rsquo;s score if local government and community endorsements or
letters of support are submitted. CD also conducted qualitative evaluation of
the project area, existing infrastructure, and community needs.

 The Community. The unincorporated communities of Anza, Aguanga, Lake Riverside
Estates and Reed Valley are located in the high desert southwest of the San
Jacinto Mountains. Anza Valley is located in the high desert southwest of the
San Jacinto Mountains. Coachella Valley (which includes the city of Palm
Springs) lies on the east side of the San Jacinto Mountains. Los Angeles is
approximately 120 miles northwest and San Diego is approximately 75 miles to the
southwest of the proposed project area. The project area is just north of the
San Diego County border in southwestern Riverside County.

 The communities within the project boundary have approximately 3,751 households
with a total population of 9,701 (using 2010 US Census data). For the Census
Designated Place (CDP) of Anza (population 3,040 as reported in the 2010 US
Census), 8.3 percent of the population is 18 years of age or younger, 66 percent
is between the

 10 Mobile broadband coverage is based on either the advertised maximum mobile
provider speed or the speed interpolated from CPUC mobile speed testing points
(using the mean &ndash; 1 standard deviation of all speed readings for that
point), whichever is least.

 11 CalSPEED is the Commission&rsquo;s mobile application that is used to test
mobile broadband speeds.

 Resolution T-17503 DRAFT 12/17/2015

 CD/WG1

 6

 ages of 18 and 62, and 26 percent is 62 years and above. The smaller CDP of
Aguanga (population 1,128 per the 2010 Census) had an even higher percentage of
the population 62 years and older (41 percent). The applicant noted that there
is large number of retired people in the community. The Cahuilla Indian
Reservation is within the project area.

 Based on the information provided in AEC&rsquo;s application, local economic
activity is minimal and a large percentage of the working population commutes
out of the area. Referring to the census data for Anza CDP, 65 percent of the
working population&rsquo;s commute time is 30 minutes or more, with the mean
travel time to work at 41 minutes. The US 2010 Census reported the median
household income (MHI) (per census block data) is $48,038 which is 79 percent of
the state MHI average. However, the poverty rate for Anza CDP is reported at
11.5 percent which is below the state average (15.9 percent).

 The Connect Anza project area includes two public schools; the Hamilton High
School and the Hamilton Elementary School. According to the California
Department of Education, total enrollment at Hamilton High School is 326 and at
the Elementary School it is 445. The proposed project area also includes a small
K-12 Christian school and a private religious university (Olivet University)
whose current enrollment is 120 students and a projected enrollment of 2,000.
There is also a public library, two fire stations and large California
Department of Corrections and Rehabilitation Conservation (Fire) Camp (with a
maximum capacity of 120 inmates).

 The Connect Anza project will increase Internet capacity and enable local
students to take advantage of open-sourced educational materials, thus helping
the area bridge the digital divide. The local public schools already have a
fiber connection through the CENIC12 network. However, the schools have
expressed support for this project due to the opportunities provided to the
students. A robust internet connection will allow students to utilize online
teaching materials and techniques which they cannot currently access and use at
home. Students and parents will be able to utilize online services to organize
class assignments, check grades and communicate with teachers. Given the rural
nature of the community and the substantial distances between schools and
residences, reliable broadband access will allow students to learn at home
without the need to travel to the school. Additionally free Internet access will
be available at the local library and community hall.13

 12 See the CENIC website for a description of their network
(http://cenic.org/about/about-overview).

 13 AEC has committed to providing free Internet access for the community hall
and community park.

 Resolution T-17503 DRAFT 12/17/2015

 CD/WG1

 7

 Olivet University is a religious institution located in the project area.
Olivet University has stated to the applicant that they will leverage the Anza
project fiber network to enable online access and education at the university, a
service that is not currently available.

 CD has received 70 letters of support for the Connect Anza project. CD&rsquo;s
review of the letters of support revealed numerous complaints about the poor
quality of Internet service in the area as well as the lack of broadband
choices. Another theme portrayed in the letters of support for this CASF
proposed project was AEC&rsquo;s dependability for affordable and reliable
energy utility service, including the community&rsquo;s overarching confidence
in AEC.

 Further, the Inland Empire Regional Broadband Consortium recommended the
communities of Anza and Aguanga as priority areas for CASF funding and fully
supports the proposed project. They noted how vital this project is to the
area&rsquo;s long term viability given the needs and opportunities that this
project will address related to telemedicine, education, economic development,
fire and police communications as well as benefiting the Cahuilla Native
American tribes. The project is also supported by elected officials at the
local, state and federal level.

 Pricing and Affordability. AEC has committed to a broadband pricing plan under
the terms shown below, for four years starting from the beginning date of
service. There is no long-term commitment required by the consumer.

 Service Type

 Broadband Speed

 (in Mbps)

 Monthly Charge: Standalone Broadband

 Monthly Charge:

 Bundled with Voice

 Residential

 50 down / 50 up

 $49.99

 $69.99

 Small Business

 100 down / 50 up

 $109.99

 $144.99

 Commercial

 500 down / 500 up

 $2,000.00

 $2,000.00

 Activation and installation (all types): Waived

 Modem charge: No monthly residential or business equipment fee.

 Voice service includes unlimited calling in the United States and to Canada.

 The applicant estimates that about 40 percent of households in the area would
purchase AEC&rsquo;s service because of the area&rsquo;s underserved status.
This take rate14 may actually be

 14 The &ldquo;take rate&rdquo; is the percentage of potential subscribers who
are offered the service that actually do subscribe to the service.

 Resolution T-17503 DRAFT 12/17/2015

 CD/WG1

 8

 higher for a number of reasons. Given that AEC is the long-standing local
utility for electrical service, area residents are familiar with the AEC. AEC is
member-owned and the members voted to change the company&rsquo;s by-laws for the
purpose of providing this service. Given the large percentage of residents who
commute out of the area, robust broadband access would provide an opportunity
for telecommuting.

 The Applicant. AEC is a not-for-profit business with six decades of experience
providing affordable and reliable energy service. AEC owns and maintains over
10,000 poles and other structures necessary for the installation of the cable,
as well as easements necessary to route the system through. AEC already has a
3-mile segment of fiber installed in the downtown Anza area that provides
Internet service free of charge to the Anza Civic Improvement League, the
Community Center Building and a fire station.15 Based on this information, CD
determined that AEC has relevant experience and infrastructure for successfully
installing and operating a high speed fiber optic network to the premises.

 Financial Viability. AEC determined that the project is economically feasible
with a CASF grant of $2,662,450, which is 60 percent of the total project costs,
to match AEC&rsquo;s investment of $1,774,967.

 CD reviewed submitted balance sheet, income, cash flow statements and other
financial viability variables for AEC and concluded that AEC has the existing
capital resources for the 40 percent required matching funds to construct the
Connect Anza project, as well as a sound financial framework for future
operations. Therefore, staff determined that the risk that this project would
encounter financial problems, such as the project not being completed or
maintained over time, is minimal.

 Key Characteristics. CD found that the Connect Anza Project meets CASF funding
requirements with respect to the following factors:

 [#xf0b7] Speed &ndash; the proposed speed offering of 50 Mbps download and 50
Mbps upload (for residential customers) significantly exceeds the 6/1.5
benchmark set by the Commission;

 [#xf0b7] Service area &ndash; is determined to be underserved and covers 213
square miles;

 [#xf0b7] Matching Funds(40 percent of project cost) &ndash; the applicant will
use existing capital; the submitted balance sheet, income and cash flow
statements show that the applicant is financially viable and has the financial
capability to match the funds;

 15 The Connect Anza broadband project would continue to provide complementary
broadband to these organizations and to the other fire stations in the area.

 Resolution T-17503 DRAFT 12/17/2015

 CD/WG1

 9

 [#xf0b7] Price Commitment Period &ndash; the applicant has committed to a
pricing plan of four years, which is two years more than required;

 [#xf0b7] Deployment Schedule &ndash; the applicant has submitted detailed
planning documents, including a schedule with clear milestones to indicate that
it will be completed within the required 24-month construction timeline;

 [#xf0b7] Number of Households &ndash; This project will potentially reach 3,751
households;

 [#xf0b7] Low Income &ndash; The median household income ($48,038) is 79 percent
of the State&rsquo;s median value.

 This project is economical and provides a wide benefit. The CASF per-household
subsidy is $710 per household (based on 3,751 households that will have access).
This state subsidy, when compared to previous subsidies provided through the
CASF program for fiber projects, is low.16 The number of households that Anza
proposes to pass would be the fourth largest CASF last-mile project in terms of
households served and the area served in terms of square miles would be the
highest for all approved CASF last-mile projects.

 Based on its review, CD determined that AEC&rsquo;s grant application for the
Connect Anza Project qualifies for funding as an underserved area and meets the
requirements of D.12-02-015. CD staff further finds that funding the Connect
Anza Project aligns with CASF&rsquo;s goal to encourage the deployment of
high-quality advanced information and communications technologies to all
Californians to promote economic growth, job creation, and substantial social
benefits.

 D. Safety Considerations

 The CASF program encourages the deployment of broadband throughout the State
which can enable the public to access important information in the event of an
emergency, access to emergency services, and allow first responders to
communicate with each other and collaborate during emergencies. As the
Governor&rsquo;s Broadband Task Force stated in its 2007 report, ubiquitous
broadband will play a key role in enhancing public safety operations and
applications in law enforcement, disaster relief, traffic management, and
virtually every other aspect of public safety.

 The census-designated communities of Anza and Aguanga and the communities of
Lake Riverside Estates, and Reed Valley have no local medical clinics. The
nearest facilities are located either in Hemet or Murrieta, both of which are
50-plus minutes by

 16 In reference of the cost of fiber projects funded through the CASF grant
program, the subsidy provided to the Connect Anza project when compared to the
per household subsidy for the other funded fiber projects, is18 percent of the
median and 8 percent of the mean cost per household.

 Resolution T-17503 DRAFT 12/17/2015

 CD/WG1

 10

 car on windy 2-lane roads. Telephone and broadband allows access to these
facilities and providers and can be a critical factor in health and safety
emergencies.

 Additionally, voice service provided as a part of this project would meet all
safety standards, including battery backup, E911 data and access to local PSAPs.


 V. Compliance Requirements

 AEC is required to comply with all the guidelines, requirements, and conditions
associated with the grant of CASF funds as specified in D.12-02-015. Such
compliance includes, but is not limited to:

 A. California Environmental Quality Act (CEQA)

 All CASF grants are subject to CEQA requirements. The Commission must complete
environmental review before funding construction projects, unless the projects
are statutorily or categorically exempt pursuant to the CEQA Guidelines.

 AEC has provided the Commission with their plan to use existing infrastructure
for the installation of a fiber-to-the-premises (FTTP) system in their service
area. Existing electrical infrastructure (with over 700 miles of line and
associated poles) provides power to area residents and businesses. AEC has been
providing power to the area since 1955 and owns most of the existing towers,
buildings, conduits, ducts, rights-of-way, trenches and other facilities (some
poles are owned by Verizon who currently provides telephone service for the
area). AEC will construct its fiber backbone using these existing facilities.
AEC will likewise construct last mile segments in or on existing facilities,
including replacement utility poles (when necessary to meet applicable
engineering and safety standards). AEC anticipates that the only underground
construction that may be required is for short utility extensions. In these
limited instances, AEC may engage in relatively minor ground-disturbing
activities primarily in existing, well-used rights-of-ways and utility easements
in its electric service territory.

 Based on the above information the project qualifies for the following
categorical exemptions from CEQA: This project meets the criteria of the CEQA
categorical exemption for existing facilities (CEQA Guidelines &sect; 15301) and
CEQA Guidelines Section &sect; 15303 &ndash; New Construction or Conversion of
Small Structures, involving construction, installation, and/or conversion of
limited numbers of new and/or existing facilities/structures.

 Resolution T-17503 DRAFT 12/17/2015

 CD/WG1

 11

 B. Deployment Schedule

 The Commission expects AEC to complete the project within 24 months from start
date (as determined by the procedure below). If the applicant is unable to
complete the proposed project within the 24 month timeframe requirement
established by the Commission, it must notify the Director of CD as soon as AEC
becomes aware of this possibility. If such notice is not provided, the
Commission may reduce payment for failure to satisfy the requirement by timely
notifying CD&rsquo;s Director.

 C. Execution and Performance

 CD and AEC shall determine a project start date after the CASF grant recipient
has obtained all approvals. Should AEC or any Contractor it retains fail to
commence work by the designated date, upon five days written notice to AEC, the
Commission may terminate the grant. In the event that AEC fails to complete the
project in accordance with the terms of CPUC approval as set forth in this
resolution, AEC shall reimburse some or all of the CASF funds that it has
received.

 AEC must complete all construction covered by the grant on or before the
termination date.

 D. Performance Bond

 The Commission does not require a performance bond if the applicant is a
CPCN/WIR holder and if the applicant certifies that the percentage of the total
project costs it is providing comes from their capital budget and is not
obtained from outside financing. In its application, AEC certified that the
percentage of the total project costs will come from its existing capital
budget.

 On July 17, 2015, AEC also filed an application for a CPCN, which is currently
pending before the Commission.

 If the Commission grants the CPCN, a performance bond is not required for this
project. However, in the event that the Commission does not award AEC a CPCN,
AEC must provide evidence of an executed performance bond equal to the total
amount payable under the CASF award at the time of the first payment request.

 Resolution T-17503 DRAFT 12/17/2015

 CD/WG1

 12

 D. Price Commitment Period

 The minimum required price commitment period for broadband service to all
households within the project area is two years. AEC exceeds the minimum period
and guarantees the price of service offered in the project area for four years.

 E. Project Audit

 The Commission has the right to conduct any necessary audit, verification, and
discovery during project implementation/construction to ensure that CASF funds
are spent in accordance with Commission approval.

 The recipient&rsquo;s invoices will be subject to a financial audit by the
Commission at any time within three years of completion of the work.

 F. Providing Voice Service

 The proposed project will allow AEC to provide landline voice service via Voice
over Internet Protocol (VoIP). AEC commits to adhere to all FCC requirements in
regards to E911 service and must provide equipment with battery backup.

 G. Reporting

 All grantees must submit quarterly progress reports on the status of the
project irrespective of whether grantees request reimbursement or payment.
Before full payment of the project, AEC must submit a project completion report.
Progress reports shall use the schedule for deployment, major construction
milestones and costs submitted in the proposal; indicate the actual date of
completion of each task/milestone as well as problems and issues encountered,
and the actions taken to resolve these problems and issues during project
implementation and construction; and identify future risks to the project.

 Recipients shall also include test results on the download and upload speeds on
a CBG and zip code basis in the final completion report. AEC must certify that
each progress report is true and correct under penalty of perjury.

 H. Submission of Form 477

 The FCC currently requires broadband providers to biannually submit the Form
477, which includes speed data. While there is an imperfect match between the
data that is

 Resolution T-17503 DRAFT 12/17/2015

 CD/WG1

 13

 reported in the Form 477 and to the CASF, the Form 477 data will be useful in
documenting CASF deployment for the service providers new service. Pursuant to
General Order 66-C, service providers in California must submit a copy of their
Form 477 data directly to the CPUC concurrent with their submission of the same
data to the FCC for a five-year period after completion of the project.17

 VI. Compliance Requirements

 Submission of invoices from and payments to AEC shall be made at 25-percent
completion intervals, in accordance with Section XI of Appendix 1 of D.12-02-015
and according to the guidelines and supporting documentation required in
D.12-02-015.

 Payment to AEC shall follow the process adopted for funds created under P. U.
Code &sect;270. Payments are generally processed by the Commission, including CD
and Administrative Services review time, within 20-25 business days. The State
Controller&rsquo;s Office (SCO) requires an additional 14- 21 days to issue
payment from the day that requests are received by SCO from Administrative
Services.

 VII. Comments on Draft Resolution

 In compliance with Public Utilities Code &sect; 311(g), a notice letter was
e-mailed on MMM DD, 2015, informing all parties on the CASF Distribution List of
the availability of the draft of this resolution for public comments at the
Commission's website at http://www.cpuc.ca.gov/PUC/documents/. This letter also
informed parties that the final conformed Resolution adopted by the Commission
will be posted and available at this same website.

 VIII. Findings

 1. AEC filed an application for CASF funding for its Connect Anza Project on
July 16, 2015. The proposed project will improve speeds by installing a
fiber-to-the-premise system capable of symmetrical 50 Mbps download/upload
service to upwards of 3,751 households in the unincorporated communities of
Anza, Aguanga, Lake Riverside Estates, and Reed Valley in Western Riverside
County. This system would provide broadband Internet service to an area that is

 17 Approval of the California Advanced Services Fund (CASF) Application
Requirements and Scoring Criteria for Awarding CASF Funds (2008) Cal. P.U.C.
Res. No. T-17143 at 4.

 Resolution T-17503 DRAFT 12/17/2015

 CD/WG1

 14

 currently underserved. The CBGs impacted by the project are 060650444021,
060650444022, 060650444023, 060650444031, 060650444032 and 060650444033.

 2. CD posted the proposed project area map, CBGs and zip codes by county for
the AEC Connect Anza Project on the Commission&rsquo;s CASF webpage under
&ldquo;CASF Application Project Summaries&rdquo; on July 17, 2015. CD received
no challenges to this project.

 3. CD reviewed and analyzed data submitted for the AEC Connect Anza
Project&rsquo;s CASF grant application to determine the project&rsquo;s
eligibility for CASF funding. This data included, but was not limited to:
descriptions of current and proposed broadband infrastructure; geographic
information system (GIS) formatted shapefiles mapping the project areas;
assertion that the area is underserved; number of potential subscriber
households and average incomes; project construction schedule; project budget;
proposed pricing and commitment period for new subscribers; and financial
viability of the applicant.

 4. CD reviewed the submitted shapefiles, which mapped the proposed broadband
deployment using United States 2010 Census data and the California Interactive
Broadband Availability Maps, with availability data current as of June 30, 2014.
These maps helped to verify the availability and speed of any broadband service,
where available. The project area was determined to be underserved.

 5. Based on its review, CD determined that the project qualifies for funding
under D. 12-02-015 and recommends Commission approval of CASF funding for
AEC&rsquo;s Connect Anza Project.

 6. AEC is required to comply with all guidelines, requirements, and conditions
associated with the granting of CASF funds as specified in D.12-02-015 and must
submit the FCC Form 477, as specified in T-17143.

 7. The Commission finds CD&rsquo;s recommendation to fund AEC&rsquo;s project,
as summarized in Appendix A, to be reasonable and consistent with Commission
orders and, therefore, adopts such recommendation.

 8. The Commission has determined that the project is categorically exempt from
CEQA review, under Sections 15301, 15303 and 15304 of the CEQA Guidelines
because the project involves minor modifications to existing structures and
facilities and possibly a minor amount of trenching where the surface will be
restored to existing conditions.

 Resolution T-17503 DRAFT 12/17/2015

 CD/WG1

 15

 9. AEC will be required to show evidence of a performance bond at time of first
payment if its CPCN application is not been granted. If the CPCN is granted, AEC
is not required to post a performance bond because 40% of the total project cost
will be financed through AEC&rsquo;s existing capital budget.

 10. A notice letter was e-mailed on November 13, 2015, informing all applicants
filing for CASF funding, parties on the CASF distribution list of the
availability of the draft of this Resolution for public comments at the
Commission&rsquo;s website http://www.cpuc.ca.gov/PUC/documents/. This letter
also informed parties that the final confirmed Resolution adopted by the
Commission will be posted and available at this same website.

 THEREFORE, IT IS ORDERED that:

 1. The Commission shall award $2,662,450 to AEC for the Connect Anza Project as
described herein and summarized in Appendix A of this Resolution.

 2. The program fund payment of $2,662,450 for this project in underserved areas
shall be paid out of the CASF Infrastructure Grant Account in accordance with
the guidelines adopted in D.12-02-015, including compliance with CEQA.

 3. Payments to the CASF recipient shall be in accordance with Section XI of
Appendix 1 of D.12-02-015 and in accordance with the process defined in the
&ldquo;Payments to CASF Recipients&rdquo; section of this Resolution.

 4. The CASF fund recipient, AEC, shall comply with all guidelines, requirements
and conditions associated with the CASF funds award as specified in D.12-02-015
and must submit the FCC Form 477 to the Commission, as specified in Resolution
T-17143.

 Resolution T-17503 DRAFT 12/17/2015

 CD/WG1

 16

 This Resolution is effective today.

 I hereby certify that this Resolution was adopted by the Public Utilities
Commission at its regular meeting on December 17, 2015. The following
Commissioners approved it:

 TIMOTHY J. SULLIVAN

 Executive Director

 Resolution T-17503

 CD/WG1

 APPENDIX

 Resolution T-17503

 CD/WG1

 Appendix A-1

 APPENDIX A

 Resolution T-17503

 Anza Electric Cooperative, Connect Anza Project

 CASF Applicant Key Information Project Name AEC Connect Anza Project

 Project Plan

 Connect Anza will deploy a fiber optic cable on existing poles and rights of
way and establish a network of sufficient capacity to establish high speed,
quality Internet service for Anza Electric Cooperatives (AEC&rsquo;s) existing
service territory located wholly within western Riverside County.

 Project Size (in square miles)

 213

 Download/Upload speed

 50 Mbps / 50 Mbps

 Location

 Riverside County

 Community Names

 The unincorporated communities of Anza, Aguanga, Lake Riverside Estates, and
Reed Valley

 Census Block Groups

 060650444021, 060650444022, 060650444023, 060650444031, 060650444032,
060650444033

 Weighted Median Household Income

 $48,038

 Zip Codes

 92536, 92539, 92544

 Estimated potential subscriber size

 3,751 households

 Applicant expectations

 1,500 households

 Pricing Plan

 Residential Monthly Charge:

 Standalone: $ 49.99/mo

 With Voice: $ 69.99/mo

 Small Business Charge:

 Standard: $109.99/mo

 With Voice: Additional $35 per line

 (no installation or modem fees)

 Deployment Schedule (from Commission approval date)

 24 months

 Proposed Project Budget (Total)

 $4,437,418.02

 Amount of CASF funds requested (60 percent)

 $2,662,450.81

 Applicant funded (40 percent)

 $1,774,967.21

 Resolution T-17503

 CD/WG1

 Appendix B-1

 Appendix B

 Resolution T-17503 AEC Connect Anza

 Project location map

 Resolution T-17503

 CD/WG1

 Appendix C-1

 Appendix C

 Resolution T-17503 AEC Connect Anza

 Existing broadband download speeds

 Resolution T-17503

 CD/WG1

 Appendix C-1

 Appendix D &ndash; Applicant Provided Mobile Speed Tests

 Resolution T-17503

 CD/WG1

 Appendix A-1

 Resolution T-17503

 CD/WG1

 Appendix A-1

 Resolution T-17503

 CD/WG1

 Appendix A-1



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: November 19, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

               Copyright2015Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              633 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                US Official News

                          November 18, 2015 Wednesday

California Public Utilities Commission notice; The Communications Division has
prepared Resolution T-17503 for the December 17, 2015, Commission Meeting

LENGTH: 6273 words

DATELINE: Lahore



    Sacramento: California Public Utilities Commission has issued the following
notice:



 Resolution T-17503 DRAFT Agenda ID# 14468

 CD/WG1

 154995389

 PUBLIC UTILITIES COMMISSION OF THE STATE OF CALIFORNIA

 Communications Division

 RESOLUTION T-17503

 Broadband, Policy and Analysis Branch

 DATE December 17, 2015

 R E S O L U T I O N

 Resolution T-17503: Approval of funding for the grant application of Anza
Electric Cooperative, Inc. from the California Advanced Services Fund (CASF) in
the amount of $2,662,450 for the Connect Anza Project, located in a CASF
&ldquo;priority area.&rdquo;



    __________________________________________________________________

 I. Summary

 This Resolution approves funding in the amount of $2,662,450 from the
California Advanced Service Fund (CASF) in response to the grant application
from Anza Electric Cooperative, Inc. (AEC) which proposes to install a
fiber-to-the-premises (FTTP) system in the unincorporated communities of Anza,
Aguanga, Lake Riverside Estates, and Reed Valley in Western Riverside County (
Connect Anza Project). The Connect Anza Project will extend 50 Mbps and above
broadband service to approximately 3,751 households spread over 213 square miles
in the Anza Valley at a cost of $710 per household in CASF subsidies. The Anza
Valley is located 13 miles south of Idyllwild, approximately 35 miles southwest
of Palm Springs and 120 miles southeast of Los Angeles. The Connect Anza project
will also provide substantial safety and health benefits including, but not
limited to, resilient high capacity broadband infrastructure that will provide
access to e-health services and voice service that will meet all safety
standards, including E911.

 II. Background

 On December 20, 2007, the California Public Utilities Commission, in Decision
(D.) 07-12-054, established the CASF program as a two-year program to provide
funds for the

 Resolution T-17503 DRAFT 12/17/2015

 CD/WG1

 2

 deployment of broadband infrastructure in unserved and underserved areas in
California.

 On September 25, 2010, Governor Schwarzenegger signed Senate Bill (SB) 1040,1
which codified the CASF program and expanded it to include three accounts: (1)
the Infra-structure Grant Account, (2) the Consortia Grant Account, and (3) the
Revolving Loan Account. The latter two accounts are intended to address the
needs that were unmet under the original CASF program. SB 1040 also expanded the
CASF fund from $100 million to $225 million, adding $100 million to the
Infrastructure Grant Account and allocating $10 million and $15 million to the
Consortia Grant Account and the Revolving Loan Account, respectively.2

 On February 1, 2012, the Commission approved D.12-02-015 to implement new
guidelines for the Infrastructure Grant and Revolving Loan Accounts. Key
provisions of the decision include:

 [#xf0b7] A maximum CASF grant award of 70 percent of project costs for unserved
areas and 60 percent for underserved areas; and,

 [#xf0b7] A definition of an underserved area, &ldquo;where broadband is
available, but no wireline or wireless facilities-based provider offers service
at advertised speeds of at least 6 megabits per second (Mbps) downstream and 1.5
Mbps upstream (6 Mbps /1.5 Mbps).&rdquo;

 Subsequently, on June 26, 2014, the Commission approved Resolution T-17443,
which (relevant to this resolution) opened the CASF Broadband Infrastructure
Grant Account to new applications as of December 1, 2014, and offered existing
providers a &ldquo;right of first refusal&rdquo; to upgrade service in unserved
and underserved areas.3

 On July 16, 2015, AEC submitted an application for CASF funding to bring
symmetrical 50 Mbps and above broadband service to the homes and businesses of
the unincorporated communities of Anza, Aguanga, Lake Riverside Estates, and
Reed Valley via a FTTP connection. No existing provider made a commitment to
upgrade service before the November 1, 2014, &ldquo;first refusal&rdquo;
deadline. Because of this, CD

 1 Stats. 2010, c. 317, codified at Public Utilities (P.U.) Code &sect; 281

 2 P.U. Code &sect; 281(b)(1).

 3 The Commission later issued D.14-02-018 to implement provisions in Senate
Bill 740 (Padilla, Stats 2013, Chapter 522), which amended P.U. Code &sect; 281
and expanded eligibility for CASF Infrastructure Grants/Loans to non-telephone
corporations.

 Resolution T-17503 DRAFT 12/17/2015

 CD/WG1

 3

 determined the proposed project area to be &ldquo;underserved&rdquo; and
eligible for new applications.

 On September 17, 2015, Anza modified their application. The initial application
proposed to serve a 319 square mile area which includes the California State
Route 74 &lsquo;Pines to Palms&rsquo; state scenic highway. Given that a
categorical CEQA exemption cannot be granted for above-ground fiber projects
along scenic highways, Anza modified their application to exclude the Highway 74
corridor. This modification reduced the total project area to 213 square miles.
The applicant estimates a 10 percent reduction in the number of households to be
served (an estimated 375 households) given the 106 mile modification.

 III. Notice/Protests

 On July 17, 2015, CD posted the proposed project area map, census block groups
(CBGs) and zip codes for the Connect Anza Project on the Commission&rsquo;s CASF
webpage under &ldquo;CASF Application Project Summaries&rdquo; and also sent
notice regarding the project to its electronic service list. CD did not receive
any challenges to the proposed project.4

 IV. Discussion

 This Resolution adopts CD&rsquo;s recommended award of $2,662,450 in a CASF
grant for the Connect Anza Project. This award represents 60 percent of the
applicant&rsquo;s estimated total project cost of $4,437,418. Key project
information and maps are shown in Appendix A.

 A. Applicant and Project Overview

 AEC5 currently owns and distributes electricity using over 700 miles of line in
Southwest Riverside County covering the areas of Anza, Garner Valley, Pinyon,
Alpine Village, Royal Carrizo and parts of Aguanga. AEC proposes to deploy a
fiber optic

 4 CD received an email after the challenge period from an individual who has a
small fixed wireless and satellite reseller business in Anza, CA. He did not
challenge the project but, instead, expressed opposition to the fixed wireless
portion of the project, noting the presence of the two small local wireless
providers (MtPalomar.net and Wireless Internet Pro) who do advertise up to
served speeds in some locations. The two providers do not provide data to the
Commission and staff has no way of validating their service.

 5 AEC is an incorporated non-profit 501(c) (12) electricity (member-owned)
cooperative. According to the AEC website
(http://www.anzaelectric.org/content/about-us), AEC provides power to 3900
homes, schools, businesses and 20 irrigation loads.

 Resolution T-17503 DRAFT 12/17/2015

 CD/WG1

 4

 network on its existing poles and rights of way and establish a network of
sufficient capacity to establish high speed, quality Internet service for
customers in AEC&rsquo;s electrical service territory. Anza also proposes to
serve approximately 170 transient residences (trailer homes) using a fixed
wireless installation6.

 AEC requested a CASF grant of $2,662,450.81, which is 60 percent of the total
project costs ($4,437,418.02), with matching AEC funding of $1,774,967. If this
project is approved, the project will reach an estimated 3,751 households,7 with
all customers capable of achieving speeds of at least 50 Mbps on both downloads
and uploads which is above the Commission-defined &ldquo;served&rdquo; threshold
of 6 Mbps download/1.5 Mbps upload.

 The Connect Anza project will directly benefit the Cahuilla band of Indians
whose reservation in within the project area. The reservation contains an
estimated8 70 households as well as the Cahuilla Creek Casino and tribal
buildings.

 B. Project Qualification

 To qualify for the CASF program, an applicant is required to submit proof that
the area is unserved or underserved by submitting shapefiles of the proposed
project. CD reviews the submitted shapefiles and compares them with United
States 2010 Census data and the California Interactive Broadband Availability
map.9 Once CD determines that the area is eligible either as an unserved or
underserved area, CD evaluates all other information the applicant has submitted
to determine if the project meets the requirements outlined in D.12-02-015. CD
reviews other information including: descriptions of current and proposed
broadband infrastructure; number of potential subscriber households and average
income; project construction schedule; project budget; proposed pricing and
commitment period for new subscribers; and financial viability of the applicant.


 As an initial step in the review of AEC&rsquo;s application, CD reviewed the
CBGs submitted in the project application and determined that the project was
indeed not served at adequate speeds via wireline or fixed wireless providers.
With regard to mobile service,

 6 The number of trailer homes served and the information that the residents who
live in the trailer homes are transient was stated by the applicant.

 7 The total number of households as recorded in the US 2010 census for census
block group areas to be served by the proposed project.

 8 Total number of households on the Cahuilla Reservation estimated by the
applicant.

 9 Here, CD consulted the latest version of the California Interactive Broadband
Availability Map, with data current as of June 30, 2014.

 Resolution T-17503 DRAFT 12/17/2015

 CD/WG1

 5

 however, the California Interactive Broadband Availability Map indicates that
55% of the proposed project area may be served by Verizon and/or AT&T Mobility
wireless service10. The applicant disputed that the area is served by providing
mobile field tests using the CalSPEED app.11

 The applicant provided 43 CalSPEED tests conducted on July 3, 2015 (see
Appendix D for a list of speed test results). All of the test results showed
unserved or underserved speeds within the project area. This finding, when
combined with the fact that there were no challenges to the project, led staff
to recommend that the area be considered underserved by mobile broadband.

 C. Project Evaluation and Recommendation for Funding

 CD evaluated AEC&rsquo;s application with respect to the scoring criteria
defined in D.12-02-015, Appendix 1, Section VIII (Scoring Criteria). The scoring
criteria includes: (i) Funds Requested per Potential Customer; (ii) Speed, (iii)
Financial Viability; (iv) Pricing; (v) Total Number of Households in the
Proposed Area; (vi) Timeliness of Completion of Project; (vii) Guaranteed
Pricing Period; and (viii) Low-Income Areas. Five bonus points are also added to
an applicant&rsquo;s score if local government and community endorsements or
letters of support are submitted. CD also conducted qualitative evaluation of
the project area, existing infrastructure, and community needs.

 The Community. The unincorporated communities of Anza, Aguanga, Lake Riverside
Estates and Reed Valley are located in the high desert southwest of the San
Jacinto Mountains. Anza Valley is located in the high desert southwest of the
San Jacinto Mountains. Coachella Valley (which includes the city of Palm
Springs) lies on the east side of the San Jacinto Mountains. Los Angeles is
approximately 120 miles northwest and San Diego is approximately 75 miles to the
southwest of the proposed project area. The project area is just north of the
San Diego County border in southwestern Riverside County.

 The communities within the project boundary have approximately 3,751 households
with a total population of 9,701 (using 2010 US Census data). For the Census
Designated Place (CDP) of Anza (population 3,040 as reported in the 2010 US
Census), 8.3 percent of the population is 18 years of age or younger, 66 percent
is between the

 10 Mobile broadband coverage is based on either the advertised maximum mobile
provider speed or the speed interpolated from CPUC mobile speed testing points
(using the mean &ndash; 1 standard deviation of all speed readings for that
point), whichever is least.

 11 CalSPEED is the Commission&rsquo;s mobile application that is used to test
mobile broadband speeds.

 Resolution T-17503 DRAFT 12/17/2015

 CD/WG1

 6

 ages of 18 and 62, and 26 percent is 62 years and above. The smaller CDP of
Aguanga (population 1,128 per the 2010 Census) had an even higher percentage of
the population 62 years and older (41 percent). The applicant noted that there
is large number of retired people in the community. The Cahuilla Indian
Reservation is within the project area.

 Based on the information provided in AEC&rsquo;s application, local economic
activity is minimal and a large percentage of the working population commutes
out of the area. Referring to the census data for Anza CDP, 65 percent of the
working population&rsquo;s commute time is 30 minutes or more, with the mean
travel time to work at 41 minutes. The US 2010 Census reported the median
household income (MHI) (per census block data) is $48,038 which is 79 percent of
the state MHI average. However, the poverty rate for Anza CDP is reported at
11.5 percent which is below the state average (15.9 percent).

 The Connect Anza project area includes two public schools; the Hamilton High
School and the Hamilton Elementary School. According to the California
Department of Education, total enrollment at Hamilton High School is 326 and at
the Elementary School it is 445. The proposed project area also includes a small
K-12 Christian school and a private religious university (Olivet University)
whose current enrollment is 120 students and a projected enrollment of 2,000.
There is also a public library, two fire stations and large California
Department of Corrections and Rehabilitation Conservation (Fire) Camp (with a
maximum capacity of 120 inmates).

 The Connect Anza project will increase Internet capacity and enable local
students to take advantage of open-sourced educational materials, thus helping
the area bridge the digital divide. The local public schools already have a
fiber connection through the CENIC12 network. However, the schools have
expressed support for this project due to the opportunities provided to the
students. A robust internet connection will allow students to utilize online
teaching materials and techniques which they cannot currently access and use at
home. Students and parents will be able to utilize online services to organize
class assignments, check grades and communicate with teachers. Given the rural
nature of the community and the substantial distances between schools and
residences, reliable broadband access will allow students to learn at home
without the need to travel to the school. Additionally free Internet access will
be available at the local library and community hall.13

 12 See the CENIC website for a description of their network
(http://cenic.org/about/about-overview).

 13 AEC has committed to providing free Internet access for the community hall
and community park.

 Resolution T-17503 DRAFT 12/17/2015

 CD/WG1

 7

 Olivet University is a religious institution located in the project area.
Olivet University has stated to the applicant that they will leverage the Anza
project fiber network to enable online access and education at the university, a
service that is not currently available.

 CD has received 70 letters of support for the Connect Anza project. CD&rsquo;s
review of the letters of support revealed numerous complaints about the poor
quality of Internet service in the area as well as the lack of broadband
choices. Another theme portrayed in the letters of support for this CASF
proposed project was AEC&rsquo;s dependability for affordable and reliable
energy utility service, including the community&rsquo;s overarching confidence
in AEC.

 Further, the Inland Empire Regional Broadband Consortium recommended the
communities of Anza and Aguanga as priority areas for CASF funding and fully
supports the proposed project. They noted how vital this project is to the
area&rsquo;s long term viability given the needs and opportunities that this
project will address related to telemedicine, education, economic development,
fire and police communications as well as benefiting the Cahuilla Native
American tribes. The project is also supported by elected officials at the
local, state and federal level.

 Pricing and Affordability. AEC has committed to a broadband pricing plan under
the terms shown below, for four years starting from the beginning date of
service. There is no long-term commitment required by the consumer.

 Service Type

 Broadband Speed

 (in Mbps)

 Monthly Charge: Standalone Broadband

 Monthly Charge:

 Bundled with Voice

 Residential

 50 down / 50 up

 $49.99

 $69.99

 Small Business

 100 down / 50 up

 $109.99

 $144.99

 Commercial

 500 down / 500 up

 $2,000.00

 $2,000.00

 Activation and installation (all types): Waived

 Modem charge: No monthly residential or business equipment fee.

 Voice service includes unlimited calling in the United States and to Canada.

 The applicant estimates that about 40 percent of households in the area would
purchase AEC&rsquo;s service because of the area&rsquo;s underserved status.
This take rate14 may actually be

 14 The &ldquo;take rate&rdquo; is the percentage of potential subscribers who
are offered the service that actually do subscribe to the service.

 Resolution T-17503 DRAFT 12/17/2015

 CD/WG1

 8

 higher for a number of reasons. Given that AEC is the long-standing local
utility for electrical service, area residents are familiar with the AEC. AEC is
member-owned and the members voted to change the company&rsquo;s by-laws for the
purpose of providing this service. Given the large percentage of residents who
commute out of the area, robust broadband access would provide an opportunity
for telecommuting.

 The Applicant. AEC is a not-for-profit business with six decades of experience
providing affordable and reliable energy service. AEC owns and maintains over
10,000 poles and other structures necessary for the installation of the cable,
as well as easements necessary to route the system through. AEC already has a
3-mile segment of fiber installed in the downtown Anza area that provides
Internet service free of charge to the Anza Civic Improvement League, the
Community Center Building and a fire station.15 Based on this information, CD
determined that AEC has relevant experience and infrastructure for successfully
installing and operating a high speed fiber optic network to the premises.

 Financial Viability. AEC determined that the project is economically feasible
with a CASF grant of $2,662,450, which is 60 percent of the total project costs,
to match AEC&rsquo;s investment of $1,774,967.

 CD reviewed submitted balance sheet, income, cash flow statements and other
financial viability variables for AEC and concluded that AEC has the existing
capital resources for the 40 percent required matching funds to construct the
Connect Anza project, as well as a sound financial framework for future
operations. Therefore, staff determined that the risk that this project would
encounter financial problems, such as the project not being completed or
maintained over time, is minimal.

 Key Characteristics. CD found that the Connect Anza Project meets CASF funding
requirements with respect to the following factors:

 [#xf0b7] Speed &ndash; the proposed speed offering of 50 Mbps download and 50
Mbps upload (for residential customers) significantly exceeds the 6/1.5
benchmark set by the Commission;

 [#xf0b7] Service area &ndash; is determined to be underserved and covers 213
square miles;

 [#xf0b7] Matching Funds(40 percent of project cost) &ndash; the applicant will
use existing capital; the submitted balance sheet, income and cash flow
statements show that the applicant is financially viable and has the financial
capability to match the funds;

 15 The Connect Anza broadband project would continue to provide complementary
broadband to these organizations and to the other fire stations in the area.

 Resolution T-17503 DRAFT 12/17/2015

 CD/WG1

 9

 [#xf0b7] Price Commitment Period &ndash; the applicant has committed to a
pricing plan of four years, which is two years more than required;

 [#xf0b7] Deployment Schedule &ndash; the applicant has submitted detailed
planning documents, including a schedule with clear milestones to indicate that
it will be completed within the required 24-month construction timeline;

 [#xf0b7] Number of Households &ndash; This project will potentially reach 3,751
households;

 [#xf0b7] Low Income &ndash; The median household income ($48,038) is 79 percent
of the State&rsquo;s median value.

 This project is economical and provides a wide benefit. The CASF per-household
subsidy is $710 per household (based on 3,751 households that will have access).
This state subsidy, when compared to previous subsidies provided through the
CASF program for fiber projects, is low.16 The number of households that Anza
proposes to pass would be the fourth largest CASF last-mile project in terms of
households served and the area served in terms of square miles would be the
highest for all approved CASF last-mile projects.

 Based on its review, CD determined that AEC&rsquo;s grant application for the
Connect Anza Project qualifies for funding as an underserved area and meets the
requirements of D.12-02-015. CD staff further finds that funding the Connect
Anza Project aligns with CASF&rsquo;s goal to encourage the deployment of
high-quality advanced information and communications technologies to all
Californians to promote economic growth, job creation, and substantial social
benefits.

 D. Safety Considerations

 The CASF program encourages the deployment of broadband throughout the State
which can enable the public to access important information in the event of an
emergency, access to emergency services, and allow first responders to
communicate with each other and collaborate during emergencies. As the
Governor&rsquo;s Broadband Task Force stated in its 2007 report, ubiquitous
broadband will play a key role in enhancing public safety operations and
applications in law enforcement, disaster relief, traffic management, and
virtually every other aspect of public safety.

 The census-designated communities of Anza and Aguanga and the communities of
Lake Riverside Estates, and Reed Valley have no local medical clinics. The
nearest facilities are located either in Hemet or Murrieta, both of which are
50-plus minutes by

 16 In reference of the cost of fiber projects funded through the CASF grant
program, the subsidy provided to the Connect Anza project when compared to the
per household subsidy for the other funded fiber projects, is18 percent of the
median and 8 percent of the mean cost per household.

 Resolution T-17503 DRAFT 12/17/2015

 CD/WG1

 10

 car on windy 2-lane roads. Telephone and broadband allows access to these
facilities and providers and can be a critical factor in health and safety
emergencies.

 Additionally, voice service provided as a part of this project would meet all
safety standards, including battery backup, E911 data and access to local PSAPs.


 V. Compliance Requirements

 AEC is required to comply with all the guidelines, requirements, and conditions
associated with the grant of CASF funds as specified in D.12-02-015. Such
compliance includes, but is not limited to:

 A. California Environmental Quality Act (CEQA)

 All CASF grants are subject to CEQA requirements. The Commission must complete
environmental review before funding construction projects, unless the projects
are statutorily or categorically exempt pursuant to the CEQA Guidelines.

 AEC has provided the Commission with their plan to use existing infrastructure
for the installation of a fiber-to-the-premises (FTTP) system in their service
area. Existing electrical infrastructure (with over 700 miles of line and
associated poles) provides power to area residents and businesses. AEC has been
providing power to the area since 1955 and owns most of the existing towers,
buildings, conduits, ducts, rights-of-way, trenches and other facilities (some
poles are owned by Verizon who currently provides telephone service for the
area). AEC will construct its fiber backbone using these existing facilities.
AEC will likewise construct last mile segments in or on existing facilities,
including replacement utility poles (when necessary to meet applicable
engineering and safety standards). AEC anticipates that the only underground
construction that may be required is for short utility extensions. In these
limited instances, AEC may engage in relatively minor ground-disturbing
activities primarily in existing, well-used rights-of-ways and utility easements
in its electric service territory.

 Based on the above information the project qualifies for the following
categorical exemptions from CEQA: This project meets the criteria of the CEQA
categorical exemption for existing facilities (CEQA Guidelines &sect; 15301) and
CEQA Guidelines Section &sect; 15303 &ndash; New Construction or Conversion of
Small Structures, involving construction, installation, and/or conversion of
limited numbers of new and/or existing facilities/structures.

 Resolution T-17503 DRAFT 12/17/2015

 CD/WG1

 11

 B. Deployment Schedule

 The Commission expects AEC to complete the project within 24 months from start
date (as determined by the procedure below). If the applicant is unable to
complete the proposed project within the 24 month timeframe requirement
established by the Commission, it must notify the Director of CD as soon as AEC
becomes aware of this possibility. If such notice is not provided, the
Commission may reduce payment for failure to satisfy the requirement by timely
notifying CD&rsquo;s Director.

 C. Execution and Performance

 CD and AEC shall determine a project start date after the CASF grant recipient
has obtained all approvals. Should AEC or any Contractor it retains fail to
commence work by the designated date, upon five days written notice to AEC, the
Commission may terminate the grant. In the event that AEC fails to complete the
project in accordance with the terms of CPUC approval as set forth in this
resolution, AEC shall reimburse some or all of the CASF funds that it has
received.

 AEC must complete all construction covered by the grant on or before the
termination date.

 D. Performance Bond

 The Commission does not require a performance bond if the applicant is a
CPCN/WIR holder and if the applicant certifies that the percentage of the total
project costs it is providing comes from their capital budget and is not
obtained from outside financing. In its application, AEC certified that the
percentage of the total project costs will come from its existing capital
budget.

 On July 17, 2015, AEC also filed an application for a CPCN, which is currently
pending before the Commission.

 If the Commission grants the CPCN, a performance bond is not required for this
project. However, in the event that the Commission does not award AEC a CPCN,
AEC must provide evidence of an executed performance bond equal to the total
amount payable under the CASF award at the time of the first payment request.

 Resolution T-17503 DRAFT 12/17/2015

 CD/WG1

 12

 D. Price Commitment Period

 The minimum required price commitment period for broadband service to all
households within the project area is two years. AEC exceeds the minimum period
and guarantees the price of service offered in the project area for four years.

 E. Project Audit

 The Commission has the right to conduct any necessary audit, verification, and
discovery during project implementation/construction to ensure that CASF funds
are spent in accordance with Commission approval.

 The recipient&rsquo;s invoices will be subject to a financial audit by the
Commission at any time within three years of completion of the work.

 F. Providing Voice Service

 The proposed project will allow AEC to provide landline voice service via Voice
over Internet Protocol (VoIP). AEC commits to adhere to all FCC requirements in
regards to E911 service and must provide equipment with battery backup.

 G. Reporting

 All grantees must submit quarterly progress reports on the status of the
project irrespective of whether grantees request reimbursement or payment.
Before full payment of the project, AEC must submit a project completion report.
Progress reports shall use the schedule for deployment, major construction
milestones and costs submitted in the proposal; indicate the actual date of
completion of each task/milestone as well as problems and issues encountered,
and the actions taken to resolve these problems and issues during project
implementation and construction; and identify future risks to the project.

 Recipients shall also include test results on the download and upload speeds on
a CBG and zip code basis in the final completion report. AEC must certify that
each progress report is true and correct under penalty of perjury.

 H. Submission of Form 477

 The FCC currently requires broadband providers to biannually submit the Form
477, which includes speed data. While there is an imperfect match between the
data that is

 Resolution T-17503 DRAFT 12/17/2015

 CD/WG1

 13

 reported in the Form 477 and to the CASF, the Form 477 data will be useful in
documenting CASF deployment for the service providers new service. Pursuant to
General Order 66-C, service providers in California must submit a copy of their
Form 477 data directly to the CPUC concurrent with their submission of the same
data to the FCC for a five-year period after completion of the project.17

 VI. Compliance Requirements

 Submission of invoices from and payments to AEC shall be made at 25-percent
completion intervals, in accordance with Section XI of Appendix 1 of D.12-02-015
and according to the guidelines and supporting documentation required in
D.12-02-015.

 Payment to AEC shall follow the process adopted for funds created under P. U.
Code &sect;270. Payments are generally processed by the Commission, including CD
and Administrative Services review time, within 20-25 business days. The State
Controller&rsquo;s Office (SCO) requires an additional 14- 21 days to issue
payment from the day that requests are received by SCO from Administrative
Services.

 VII. Comments on Draft Resolution

 In compliance with Public Utilities Code &sect; 311(g), a notice letter was
e-mailed on MMM DD, 2015, informing all parties on the CASF Distribution List of
the availability of the draft of this resolution for public comments at the
Commission's website at http://www.cpuc.ca.gov/PUC/documents/. This letter also
informed parties that the final conformed Resolution adopted by the Commission
will be posted and available at this same website.

 VIII. Findings

 1. AEC filed an application for CASF funding for its Connect Anza Project on
July 16, 2015. The proposed project will improve speeds by installing a
fiber-to-the-premise system capable of symmetrical 50 Mbps download/upload
service to upwards of 3,751 households in the unincorporated communities of
Anza, Aguanga, Lake Riverside Estates, and Reed Valley in Western Riverside
County. This system would provide broadband Internet service to an area that is

 17 Approval of the California Advanced Services Fund (CASF) Application
Requirements and Scoring Criteria for Awarding CASF Funds (2008) Cal. P.U.C.
Res. No. T-17143 at 4.

 Resolution T-17503 DRAFT 12/17/2015

 CD/WG1

 14

 currently underserved. The CBGs impacted by the project are 060650444021,
060650444022, 060650444023, 060650444031, 060650444032 and 060650444033.

 2. CD posted the proposed project area map, CBGs and zip codes by county for
the AEC Connect Anza Project on the Commission&rsquo;s CASF webpage under
&ldquo;CASF Application Project Summaries&rdquo; on July 17, 2015. CD received
no challenges to this project.

 3. CD reviewed and analyzed data submitted for the AEC Connect Anza
Project&rsquo;s CASF grant application to determine the project&rsquo;s
eligibility for CASF funding. This data included, but was not limited to:
descriptions of current and proposed broadband infrastructure; geographic
information system (GIS) formatted shapefiles mapping the project areas;
assertion that the area is underserved; number of potential subscriber
households and average incomes; project construction schedule; project budget;
proposed pricing and commitment period for new subscribers; and financial
viability of the applicant.

 4. CD reviewed the submitted shapefiles, which mapped the proposed broadband
deployment using United States 2010 Census data and the California Interactive
Broadband Availability Maps, with availability data current as of June 30, 2014.
These maps helped to verify the availability and speed of any broadband service,
where available. The project area was determined to be underserved.

 5. Based on its review, CD determined that the project qualifies for funding
under D. 12-02-015 and recommends Commission approval of CASF funding for
AEC&rsquo;s Connect Anza Project.

 6. AEC is required to comply with all guidelines, requirements, and conditions
associated with the granting of CASF funds as specified in D.12-02-015 and must
submit the FCC Form 477, as specified in T-17143.

 7. The Commission finds CD&rsquo;s recommendation to fund AEC&rsquo;s project,
as summarized in Appendix A, to be reasonable and consistent with Commission
orders and, therefore, adopts such recommendation.

 8. The Commission has determined that the project is categorically exempt from
CEQA review, under Sections 15301, 15303 and 15304 of the CEQA Guidelines
because the project involves minor modifications to existing structures and
facilities and possibly a minor amount of trenching where the surface will be
restored to existing conditions.

 Resolution T-17503 DRAFT 12/17/2015

 CD/WG1

 15

 9. AEC will be required to show evidence of a performance bond at time of first
payment if its CPCN application is not been granted. If the CPCN is granted, AEC
is not required to post a performance bond because 40% of the total project cost
will be financed through AEC&rsquo;s existing capital budget.

 10. A notice letter was e-mailed on November 13, 2015, informing all applicants
filing for CASF funding, parties on the CASF distribution list of the
availability of the draft of this Resolution for public comments at the
Commission&rsquo;s website http://www.cpuc.ca.gov/PUC/documents/. This letter
also informed parties that the final confirmed Resolution adopted by the
Commission will be posted and available at this same website.

 THEREFORE, IT IS ORDERED that:

 1. The Commission shall award $2,662,450 to AEC for the Connect Anza Project as
described herein and summarized in Appendix A of this Resolution.

 2. The program fund payment of $2,662,450 for this project in underserved areas
shall be paid out of the CASF Infrastructure Grant Account in accordance with
the guidelines adopted in D.12-02-015, including compliance with CEQA.

 3. Payments to the CASF recipient shall be in accordance with Section XI of
Appendix 1 of D.12-02-015 and in accordance with the process defined in the
&ldquo;Payments to CASF Recipients&rdquo; section of this Resolution.

 4. The CASF fund recipient, AEC, shall comply with all guidelines, requirements
and conditions associated with the CASF funds award as specified in D.12-02-015
and must submit the FCC Form 477 to the Commission, as specified in Resolution
T-17143.

 Resolution T-17503 DRAFT 12/17/2015

 CD/WG1

 16

 This Resolution is effective today.

 I hereby certify that this Resolution was adopted by the Public Utilities
Commission at its regular meeting on December 17, 2015. The following
Commissioners approved it:

 TIMOTHY J. SULLIVAN

 Executive Director

 Resolution T-17503

 CD/WG1

 APPENDIX

 Resolution T-17503

 CD/WG1

 Appendix A-1

 APPENDIX A

 Resolution T-17503

 Anza Electric Cooperative, Connect Anza Project

 CASF Applicant Key Information Project Name AEC Connect Anza Project

 Project Plan

 Connect Anza will deploy a fiber optic cable on existing poles and rights of
way and establish a network of sufficient capacity to establish high speed,
quality Internet service for Anza Electric Cooperatives (AEC&rsquo;s) existing
service territory located wholly within western Riverside County.

 Project Size (in square miles)

 213

 Download/Upload speed

 50 Mbps / 50 Mbps

 Location

 Riverside County

 Community Names

 The unincorporated communities of Anza, Aguanga, Lake Riverside Estates, and
Reed Valley

 Census Block Groups

 060650444021, 060650444022, 060650444023, 060650444031, 060650444032,
060650444033

 Weighted Median Household Income

 $48,038

 Zip Codes

 92536, 92539, 92544

 Estimated potential subscriber size

 3,751 households

 Applicant expectations

 1,500 households

 Pricing Plan

 Residential Monthly Charge:

 Standalone: $ 49.99/mo

 With Voice: $ 69.99/mo

 Small Business Charge:

 Standard: $109.99/mo

 With Voice: Additional $35 per line

 (no installation or modem fees)

 Deployment Schedule (from Commission approval date)

 24 months

 Proposed Project Budget (Total)

 $4,437,418.02

 Amount of CASF funds requested (60 percent)

 $2,662,450.81

 Applicant funded (40 percent)

 $1,774,967.21

 Resolution T-17503

 CD/WG1

 Appendix B-1

 Appendix B

 Resolution T-17503 AEC Connect Anza

 Project location map

 Resolution T-17503

 CD/WG1

 Appendix C-1

 Appendix C

 Resolution T-17503 AEC Connect Anza

 Existing broadband download speeds

 Resolution T-17503

 CD/WG1

 Appendix C-1

 Appendix D &ndash; Applicant Provided Mobile Speed Tests

 Resolution T-17503

 CD/WG1

 Appendix A-1

 Resolution T-17503

 CD/WG1

 Appendix A-1

 Resolution T-17503

 CD/WG1

 Appendix A-1



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: November 18, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

               Copyright2015Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              634 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                   Niagara Gazette (Niagara Falls, New York)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                             March 20, 2017 Monday

Numbers up at area state parks as 'Connect Kids' sparks interest

BYLINE: Don Glynn, Niagara Gazette, Niagara Falls, N.Y.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 627 words


March 20--The numbers are up at area state parks.

That was a message Mark Thomas, regional state parks director, delivered
Thursday to the park commissioners' quarterly meeting at the Prospect Park
administrative offices.

Total revenues for the Niagara Region, from April 1, 2016 to March 31, 2017,
were reported at $25.2 million, compared with $21.8 million for the comparable
period in 2016. It's a gain of 16 percent.

Attendance at the 15 sites within the region was up 2 percent, with 12.5 million
visitors in 2017 compared with 12.3 million during the comparable 2016 period.

Old Fort Niagara continued as a popular destination with 802,725 visitors -- up
13 percent from a year ago.

Those numbers could grow thanks to a newly-established program designed to
familiarize school children with area state parks and the wide-ranging outdoor
experiences they offer. Commissioners say its quickly gaining interest.

Thomas said since the "Connect with Kids" initiative has been announced, more
than 100 applications have been requested from area school districts. "We're
delighted with the response thus far. And we want kids in the park," he told the
commissioners.

John D. Ceretto, a former state assemblyman who lost his bid for re-election
last November, was appointed as project coordinator for the new undertaking.
Randy Simons, spokesman for the state Office of Parks, Recreation and Historic
Preservation, said that Ceretto, a former state parks employee in the Niagara
Region, has been given the responsibility to work closely with the school
children, focusing on the values of conservation and outdoor recreational
programs. Ceretto has a master's degree in education.

The 'Connect Kids' is a bus transportation grant program that links New York
public school children with nature and the Empire State history by providing
reimbursement grants to public and charter schools for visits to a New York
State park nature center or historic site (parks) or a Department of
Environmental Conservation (DEC) and Education Center for a special guided
educational program. K-12 educators in Title 1 schools are eligible to apply.
Each class is eligible for one transportation grant per academic year. For
additional information, people can contact Susan Carver at 518-474-6736 or
susan.carver@parks.ny.gov

In other action at the quarterly commission meeting held in the Thomas V. Welch
Conference Room at the parks Administrative Building in Prospect Park:

--Jillian Harris, coordinator of FORCES (Friends of Recreation, Conservation and
Environmental Stewardship) in the Niagara Region, and Meg Janis, the Natural
Resource steward and FORCES supervisor, updated the commissioners on their
efforts to generate more interest and participation from students at Niagara
University and Niagara County Community College. They explained that most of the
work for their programs is done by volunteers.

--It was announced that commissioner Jerry Mosey, who moved to Amherst, has
resigned. The vacant seat is expected to be filled soon.

PARK PROJECTS

There are several recently completed projects at area state parks, according to
Mark Mistretta, director of the capital facilities program, with an estimated
total cost of $14.4 million. They include:

--Terrapin Point Revitalization including accessibility for the handicapped and
disabled ($4,375,000)

--New police headquarters ($4 million)

--Buffalo Harbor State Park, breakwall rehabilitation ($4.5 million)

--Whirlpool Trailway Stairs ($387,000)

--Artpark Mainstage Theater Window Replacement ($142,000)

--Paving at the entrance to Evangola State Park ($260,000)

___ (c)2017 the Niagara Gazette (Niagara Falls, N.Y.) Visit the Niagara Gazette
(Niagara Falls, N.Y.) at www.niagara-gazette.com Distributed by Tribune Content
Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: March 20, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20170320-NF-Numbers-up-at-area-state-parks-as-Connect
-Kids-sparks-interest-0320-20170320

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: NF


                         Copyright 2017 Niagara Gazette


                              635 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                US Official News

                          November 11, 2015 Wednesday

Ohio: ODNR Approves more than $11 Million for Recreational Projects Across Ohio

LENGTH: 639 words

DATELINE: Lahore



    Columbus: Department of  Natural Resources has issued the following news
release:



  The Ohio Department of Natural Resources (ODNR) recently announced the grant
recipients for the Clean Ohio Trails Fund, NatureWorks and Recreational Trails
Program. ODNR has approved more than $11 million in funding to benefit local
Ohio communities statewide.





 &ldquo;These three grant programs allow ODNR to invest in Ohioans and improve
the quality of life by encouraging people to spend time outdoors here in the
Buckeye State,&rdquo; said ODNR Director James Zehringer. &ldquo;Whether that
involves adding more trails, building shelters and playgrounds or improving
restrooms, our focus is to keep moving forward with better facilities so Ohioans
will have even more reasons to spend time outdoors.&rdquo;



 Clean Ohio Trails Fund: ODNR has approved $6.1 million in Clean Ohio Trails
Fund grants in this 10th round of funding to be awarded through the program.
ODNR has awarded 19 Clean Ohio Trails Fund grants for community projects that
will build and maintain infrastructure allowing citizens to conveniently connect
with nature. The projects will complete regional trail systems and links to
statewide trails, link population centers with outdoor recreation areas and
facilities, preserve natural corridors and connect urban areas to support
commuter access.



 Administered by ODNR, the Clean Ohio Trails Fund is one of four components of
the Clean Ohio Fund, which restores, protects and connects Ohio's natural and
urban places. Ohioans approved the establishment of the $400 million bond
program in 2000. Grant recipients will provide a 25 percent local match for
their projects.



 NatureWorks: ODNR has approved 98 NatureWorks state grants totaling nearly $4
million to help develop and improve public access for outdoor recreation
facilities across Ohio. This 22nd round of the ODNR NatureWorks grant program
will provide funding in 71 Ohio counties for community-based projects to create
and renovate parks and outdoor recreation areas. The grants will support the
acquisition of approximately 73 acres of green space and the development or
improvement of 24 playgrounds, 16 park restrooms, 14 shelters/gazebos, 13
ballfields and play courts, 12 trails and five spray-splash pads and pool
components.



 NatureWorks provides up to 75 percent reimbursement assistance to local
government subdivisions (i.e., townships, villages, cities, counties, park
districts, joint recreation districts and conservancy districts) for the
acquisition, development and rehabilitation of recreational areas. The projects
are funded through the Ohio Parks and Natural Resources Bond Issue, which was
approved by Ohio voters in November 1993. Additional legislation authorized the
creation of the NatureWorks Grant Program.



 Recreational Trails Program: ODNR announced that 14 recreational trails in Ohio
have been selected to receive more than $1.56 million in federal funds through
the Recreational Trails Program (RTP). More than 200 local trail projects across
Ohio have received more than $26.5 million in federal funds through ODNR since
RTP began in 1993.



 ODNR administers federal RTP grants for the development and improvement of
non-motorized and motorized trails. RTP is a reimbursement grant program that
provides up to 80 percent of a project&rsquo;s funding. This funding goes to
projects that create and maintain trails and trail support facilities, improve
access for people with disabilities and provide education about trail safety and
the environment. Funding for RTP comes from the U.S. Federal Highway
Administration via a portion of the federal motor fuel excise tax collected from
non-highway recreational fuel use.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com



LOAD-DATE: November 12, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

               Copyright2015Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              636 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                           Austin Daily Herald, Minn.

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             August 6, 2013 Tuesday

City may request $410K in grants to Hormel Foundation

BYLINE: Trey Mewes, Austin Daily Herald, Minn.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 488 words


Aug. 06--The Austin City Council is preparing to submit grant requests to The
Hormel Foundation for next year.

Council members individually rated 14 potential grant requests totaling more
than $410,000 during their work session Monday. Though they won't know which
requests to submit until their next meeting, council members were already
debating which requests to move forward on, including money for a community
entrance sign and a $100,000 grant request to the Main Street Project to help
businesses upgrade downtown buildings and make aesthetic improvements.

"We haven't seen a lot of action from the Main Street Project in recent years,"
Council Member Jeff Austin said.

Council members pointed out Vision 2020 will likely work with the small business
initiative to bring more businesses to the downtown area.

The council is requesting funding for the following items:

--$15,000 to continue an AMCAT busing dialysis route, to take area seniors to
Mayo Clinic Health System in Albert Lea for dialysis appointments. The Austin
hospital no longer offers dialysis services.

--$25,000 for a climbing wall at the Austin Municipal Pool.

--$12,500 for a community entrance sign

--$5,000 for the Austin Fire Department to provide fire prevention and education
lessons to the community.

--$50,000 for the Austin Housing and Redevelopment Authority's Home Improvement
Program, which will be used to make small repairs and upgrades to area homes
based on need.

--$15,000 to convert the city's street lights to LED bulbs.

--$100,000 for the Main Street Project.

--$35,000 to purchase tablet computers for the Austin Public Library, which
started a computer lease program over the past few years. The library loans
computers to residents on a consistent basis and the tablets would add to the
library's computer program.

--$36,426 for the Jay C. Hormel Nature Center education program, which would
cover costs for public school field trips.

--$12,500 to replace the heating and cooling system at the nature center's Ruby
Rupner Auditorium.

--$25,000 to replace the air conditioning at the Mower County Senior Center.

--$10,000 to start a solar electric vehicle charging station in partnership with
Riverland Community College. Austin Utilities officials would use the station to
power electric vehicles, with any additional energy going back into the city's
power grid. Riverland's solar installer students would build the station as part
of a class project.

--$50,000 to connect Wildwood Park to Mill Pond via a bike trail. The trail
would run north from Mill Pond along the west side of Third and Fourth Streets
Northeast to the tunnel connection under Interstate 90. The city would also
construct a trail on the berm south of Kuehn Motors to connect North Main Street
with Third Avenue.

___ (c)2013 the Austin Daily Herald (Austin, Minn.) Visit the Austin Daily
Herald (Austin, Minn.) at www.austindailyherald.com Distributed by MCT
Information Services

LOAD-DATE: August 6, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20130806-1AU-City-may-request-410K-in-grants
-to-Hormel-Foundation-0806-20130806

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1AU


                       Copyright 2013 Austin Daily Herald


                              637 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          Leader Messenger (Australia)

                           January 20, 2010 Wednesday
                               1 - FIRST Edition

LGA urges new investment body

BYLINE: By ADAM TODD

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 7

LENGTH: 176 words


COUNCILS want more control over billions of dollars in major infrastructure
projects across South Australia.

The Local Government Association (LGA) last week released a blueprint calling on
the State Government to form a new body called Infrastructure SA.

The body would include state and local government members, as well as business
leaders, and be charged with drawing up an investment plan for transport, water
and recreational infrastructure.

``Infrastructure in all its forms connects neighbourhoods and towns across SA
and communities demand social infrastructure to bind and connect communities,''
LGA president Felicity-ann Lewis said.

Acting Infrastructure Minister Paul Holloway said the State Government would
``explore'' the Infrastructure SA concept.

Mr Holloway said the State Government already partnered local government on a
number of infrastructure projects.

``Since 2002 the State Government has provided over $37 million in grants
directly to local government, schools and community sporting groups across a
range of funding programs,'' he said.

LOAD-DATE: January 20, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: MLD


                   Copyright 2010 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              638 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             August 22, 2016 Monday

Washington: USDA Funds 80 Distance Learning and Telemedicine Projects in 32
States

LENGTH: 759  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: United States Department of Agriculture has issued the following
news release:



 Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack today announced that the U.S. Department of
Agriculture (USDA) will fund 80 Distance Learning and Telemedicine (DLT)
projects in 32 states. These projects will help connect rural communities with
medical and educational experts in other parts of the country, increasing access
to health care, substance misuse treatment and advanced educational
opportunities.





 "Using technology for educational opportunities and medical care can provide
services that are often unavailable in rural areas," Vilsack said. "USDA's
Distance Learning and Telemedicine Program helps communities better meet the
needs of their residents. For example, opioid and other substance misuse
disproportionately affect rural areas, and telemedicine is proving to be an
effective tool for treating patients when experts otherwise would be
unavailable. Hospitals, schools and training centers across the country are
successfully using telecommunications to deliver specialized care to area
residents, and we are proud to bring these capabilities to 81 additional
communities."



 USDA is awarding $23 million in grants to support 44 distance learning and 36
telemedicine projects.



 Some of the awards will help communities provide services to address opioid
misuse, a problem that is especially prevalent in rural areas. Secretary Vilsack
is leading an interagency effort to address the rural opioid crisis. On June 30,
Vilsack hosted a town hall meeting in Abingdon, Va., to address how the crisis
is affecting rural America and parts of Appalachia, and while there he announced
funding for five DLT projects in rural Kentucky, Tennessee and Virginia to
respond to the issue.



 One of the recipients announced today, the Southern Hills Counseling Center in
Jasper, Ind., will receive a $73,000 grant to implement a telemedicine system to
improve the availability of mental health services in several remote Indiana
counties. The network will give health care professionals the ability to connect
in real time with urban-based mental health specialists. Additionally, the
counseling center will be able to connect to rural hospitals that serve this
isolated community, providing psychiatric diagnoses and support for hospital
emergency departments.



 In Chippewa Falls, Wis., the Cooperative Educational Service Agency No. 10 has
been selected to receive $134,000 to extend distance learning capabilities to
students at 12 rural K-12 schools in west-central Wisconsin. This project builds
upon a USDA-funded distance learning network connecting rural schools in
Wisconsin with those serving the Kenaitze Indian Tribe in Alaska. The schools
share teacher resources and educational content, and provide access to classes
from Chippewa Valley Technical College in Eau Claire, Wis.



 In Marietta, Ohio, Marietta Memorial Hospital has been selected to receive a
$185,000 grant to provide telemedicine services to rural areas in southeastern
Ohio and northwestern West Virginia. The hospital plans to create the first
telemedicine system in the region, which has high rates of poverty, shortages of
health care providers, and high rates of heart disease, lung cancer and other
chronic diseases. The project will link 14 hospitals and clinics, including
facilities in counties designated for special aid through USDA's StrikeForce for
Rural Growth and Opportunity Initiative.



 USDA Rural Development has provided $235 million for 712 DLT projects in rural
areas nationwide since 2009. USDA's Rural Utilities Service, which administers
the DLT program, also offers infrastructure programs that bring broadband, safe
drinking water and improved wastewater treatment facilities to rural
communities.



 Since 2009, USDA Rural Development (@USDARDThis is an external link or
third-party site outside of the United States Department of Agriculture (USDA)
website. ) has helped bring high-speed Internet access to nearly 6 million rural
residents and businesses; invested $31.3 billion in 963 electric projects that
have financed more than 185,000 miles of transmission and distribution lines
serving 4.6 million rural residents; helped 1.1 million rural residents buy
homes; and funded nearly 7,000 community facilities such as schools, public
safety and health care facilities. USDA also has invested $11 billion to start
or expand 103,000 rural businesses.





 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:

 editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: August 23, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              639 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            July 20, 2016 Wednesday

Washington: USDA Funds 81 Distance Learning and Telemedicine Projects in 32
States

LENGTH: 768  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: United States Department of Agriculture has issued the following
news release:



 Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack today announced that the U.S. Department of
Agriculture (USDA) will fund 81 Distance Learning and Telemedicine (DLT)
projects in 32 states. These projects will help connect rural communities with
medical and educational experts in other parts of the country, increasing access
to health care, substance misuse treatment and advanced educational
opportunities.





 "Using technology for educational opportunities and medical care can provide
services that are often unavailable in rural areas," Vilsack said. "USDA's
Distance Learning and Telemedicine Program helps communities better meet the
needs of their residents. For example, opioid and other substance misuse
disproportionately affect rural areas, and telemedicine is proving to be an
effective tool for treating patients when experts otherwise would be
unavailable. Hospitals, schools and training centers across the country are
successfully using telecommunications to deliver specialized care to area
residents, and we are proud to bring these capabilities to 81 additional
communities."



 USDA is awarding $23.4 million in grants to support 45 distance learning and 36
telemedicine projects.



 Some of the awards will help communities provide services to address opioid
misuse, a problem that is especially prevalent in rural areas. Secretary Vilsack
is leading an interagency effort to address the rural opioid crisis. On June 30,
Vilsack hosted a town hall meeting in Abingdon, Va., to address how the crisis
is affecting rural America and parts of Appalachia, and while there he announced
funding for five DLT projects in rural Kentucky, Tennessee and Virginia to
respond to the issue.



 One of the recipients announced today, the Southern Hills Counseling Center in
Jasper, Ind., will receive a $73,000 grant to implement a telemedicine system to
improve the availability of mental health services in several remote Indiana
counties. The network will give health care professionals the ability to connect
in real time with urban-based mental health specialists. Additionally, the
counseling center will be able to connect to rural hospitals that serve this
isolated community, providing psychiatric diagnoses and support for hospital
emergency departments.



 In Chippewa Falls, Wis., the Cooperative Educational Service Agency No. 10 has
been selected to receive $134,000 to extend distance learning capabilities to
students at 12 rural K-12 schools in west-central Wisconsin. This project builds
upon a USDA-funded distance learning network connecting rural schools in
Wisconsin with those serving the Kenaitze Indian Tribe in Alaska. The schools
share teacher resources and educational content, and provide access to classes
from Chippewa Valley Technical College in Eau Claire, Wis.



 In Marietta, Ohio, Marietta Memorial Hospital has been selected to receive a
$185,000 grant to provide telemedicine services to rural areas in southeastern
Ohio and northwestern West Virginia. The hospital plans to create the first
telemedicine system in the region, which has high rates of poverty, shortages of
health care providers, and high rates of heart disease, lung cancer and other
chronic diseases. The project will link 14 hospitals and clinics, including
facilities in counties designated for special aid through USDA's StrikeForce for
Rural Growth and Opportunity Initiative.



 USDA Rural Development has provided $235 million for 713 DLT projects in rural
areas nationwide since 2009. USDA's Rural Utilities Service, which administers
the DLT program, also offers infrastructure programs that bring broadband, safe
drinking water and improved wastewater treatment facilities to rural
communities.



 Since 2009, USDA Rural Development (@USDARDThis is an external link or
third-party site outside of the United States Department of Agriculture (USDA)
website. ) has helped bring high-speed Internet access to nearly 6 million rural
residents and businesses; invested $31.3 billion in 963 electric projects that
have financed more than 185,000 miles of transmission and distribution lines
serving 4.6 million rural residents; helped 1.1 million rural residents buy
homes; and funded nearly 7,000 community facilities such as schools, public
safety and health care facilities. USDA also has invested $11 billion to start
or expand 103,000 rural businesses. For more information, visit
www.usda.gov/results.





 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:

 editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: July 21, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              640 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                            The Keene Sentinel, N.H.

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                              July 9, 2013 Tuesday

Grant-funded area broadband project approaching completion

BYLINE: Kaitlin Mulhere, The Keene Sentinel, N.H.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 956 words


July 09--A project to bring high-speed Internet to rural homes and businesses in
the region is nearly complete, despite delays that set the finish date back by
six months.

N.H. FastRoads expects to have its nearly 250-mile fiber network in operation by
the end of this year. A handful of businesses and residents are testing the
network, which will run from Orford to Rindge, this week and next week.

The $7.7 million project had a deadline of July 1, but Executive Director Carole
D. Monroe said complications during the construction phase, particularly with
the time-consuming process of attaching FastRoads equipment to utility poles,
slowed the project.

FastRoads is a collaboration among the N.H. Community Development Finance
Authority, Monadnock Economic Development Corp. and more than 30 communities in
the Monadnock and Upper Valley regions.

The project is about 95 percent finished with building its "middle mile" network
that runs fiber-optic cable through 235 hubs, including schools, hospitals and
municipal buildings down the western side of the state.

FastRoads will not connect individual customers to the Internet through the
"middle mile" network. Instead, the 161 miles of fiber will act much like a
highway, connecting local networks with the broader infrastructure so small,
rural towns have access to the same broadband as more populated areas. Service
providers could then directly connect homes and businesses.

The project also includes building two "last mile" networks, where about 1,300
homes and businesses in underserved areas of Rindge and Enfield will directly
connect to high-speed Internet. That chapter of the project also is nearly
complete.

The FastRoads project received roughly $5.5 million through a grant from the
federal Broadband Technology Opportunities Program, which required the project
to match 30 percent of its costs, or about $2.2 million. That portion was
partially paid for through loans from community banks.

In the Granite State, Network New Hampshire Now, a group led by the University
System of New Hampshire, received a combined $44.5 million grant through the
broadband program to bring better Internet connectivity to all 10 counties in
the state. FastRoads is one branch of the statewide network.

All of the projects in the Network New Hampshire Now that had complications with
the pole attachment process, including FastRoads, received an extension from the
federal government because the delays were out of project managers' control,
Monroe said. Now the network has a deadline of Dec. 31.

Generally speaking, every pole is owned by either the electrical or telephone
provider in the region, she said. The pole owner had the power to decide whether
there's room on the pole for FastRoads to string its wires through the poles.

If there wasn't room, then FastRoads had to pay to build a new pole. If there
was room, then FastRoads received a license to attach to the pole.

But before FastRoads could add its equipment, the project had to work with any
other utilities already on the pole, such as cable or Internet providers, and
pay to move their equipment down the pole. At times, the whole process took
between nine months and a year.

"It's just a process in this state that doesn't work," Monroe said.

And in some cases, the other providers with equipment already on the pole didn't
have much incentive to move their things for a network that was going to bring
more competition to the Internet market, Monroe said.

In April 2012, the company Network New Hampshire Now hired to construct all 750
miles of fiber for the state's projects filed a petition with the N.H. Public
Utilities Commission on that very issue. New Hampshire Optical Systems LLC
argued that some third-party companies on the poles, specifically segTEL, were
complicating the process or charging too much to move their equipment.

The fiber construction for FastRoads required attaching to about 23,000 poles
around the state.

After much back and forth and mediation from the utilities commission, the
construction company and Internet provider reached an agreement in June. But the
concerns brought up in the case caused the commission in August to open a review
of pole attachment access issues. That case was put on hold in January, pending
further order by the commission.

The FastRoads network is an open-source wholesale system, meaning that any
service provider can tap into the network to then sell its services to
homeowners and businesses.

That's an important part, Monroe said, because competition among service
providers will bring the cost of Internet services down and the quality up. So
far, the network has partnered with Sovernet and WiValley Fiber. There are three
more service provider agreements in process, she said.

The higher speeds will improve upload and download speeds for users in the
networks, Monroe said. That means large files such as video conferences,
interactive web-based lessons for classrooms, architectural blueprints or
streaming television shows will download much faster and smoother.

When its grant period ends, FastRoads will transition into a self-sustaining
wholesale Internet provider.

The company will help towns find solutions to improving broadband infrastructure
and continue building out its network. Hopefully, Monroe said, the project is
just the start of improvements to broadband options in New Hampshire.

For more information about which towns are in the network, go to
www.newhampshirefastroads.net

Kaitlin Mulhere can be reached at 352-1234, extension 1439, or
kmulhere@keenesentinel.com Follow her on Twitter @KMulhereKS.

___ (c)2013 The Keene Sentinel (Keene, N.H.) Visit The Keene Sentinel (Keene,
N.H.) at www.sentinelsource.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: July 10, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20130709-KN-HLT-Grant
-funded-area-broadband-project-approaching-completion-0709-20130709

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: KN


                                 Copyright 2013


                              641 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          September 7, 2016 Wednesday

GRANTS TOTALING $75 MILLION AWARDED TO FAMILIES IN NEED

LENGTH: 622  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington, DC: American Planning Association has issued the following news
release



  The U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development (HUD) awarded $75 million
to help families living in public housing and those participating in HUD's
Housing Choice Voucher Program connect with services to further their education,
find good jobs, and to set them on a path to self-sufficiency.





 New Jersey recipients include Morris County's Housing Authority of the Town of
Boonton , $69,000 ; Housing Authority Town of Dover, $31,777 and Housing
Authority County of Morris : $68,587 .



 Funded through HUD's Family Self-Sufficiency Program (FSS), these grants allow
public housing agencies (PHAs) to work with social service agencies, community
colleges, businesses, and other local partners to help public housing residents
and individuals participating in HUD's Housing Choice Voucher Program advance
their education or gain marketable skills that will help them get a job or
advance in their current workplace. As of Fiscal Year 2015, recipients of
Project-Based Rental Assistance are also eligible to participate in the program.




 "Connecting folks to jobs is an important part of HUD's mission as the
Department of Opportunity ," said HUD Secretary Juli&aacute;n Castro . "By
linking people to computer access, job training, childcare, and ultimately
financial empowerment, these grants help people who are ready to compete and
succeed in the workplace. HUD is proud to give them these tools for
self-sufficiency."



 HUD's FSS Program helps local public housing authorities hire service
coordinators who work directly with residents to connect them with programs and
services that already exist in the local community. These service coordinators
build relationships with the network of local service providers so as to more
effectively serve the residents. The program encourages innovative strategies
that link public housing and Housing Choice Voucher assistance with other
resources. This broad spectrum of services will enable participating families to
find jobs, increase earned income, reduce or eliminate the need for rental
and/or welfare assistance, and make progress toward achieving economic
independence and housing self-sufficiency.



 Participants in the program sign a five-year contract that requires the head of
the household to obtain employment and that no member of the FSS family is
receiving cash welfare assistance at the end of the five-year term. Families in
the FSS program have an interest-bearing escrow account established for them.
The amount credited to the family's escrow account is based on increases in the
family's earned income during the term of the FSS contract. If the family
successfully completes its FSS contract, the family receives the escrow funds
that it can use for any purpose, including improving credit scores, paying
educational expenses, or a down-payment on a home.



 The Family Self Sufficiency (FSS) Program is a long-standing resource for
increasing economic security and self-sufficiency among participants. HUD's
Office of Policy Development and Research issued Evaluation of FSS Program:
Prospective Study in 2011 that evaluated the effectiveness of the FSS Program.
Conducted from 2005-2009, the study showed that financial benefits are
substantial for participants who remain in and complete the program. An earlier
study found that individuals who participated in the FSS program fared better
financially than those who did not enroll in the program. HUD is currently
conducting a longitudinal study on the program, with the first set of results
expected in 2018.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: September 8, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              642 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                     Marin Independent Journal (California)

                              July 3, 2015 Friday

Parks programs receive $78,000 in Measure A grants

BYLINE: Nels Johnson; njohnson@marinij.com @nelsjohnsonnews on Twitter

SECTION: A,A; Pg. 3

LENGTH: 418 words

ABSTRACT

$78,000 in Measure A grants given to agencies helping connect people with parks


FULL TEXT

Seven programs will share $78,000 in Marin Measure A grants aimed at boosting
park attendance and appreciation by residents including the young, the elderly
and the impoverished.

Every year officials intend to set aside about $100,000 from 2012 sales tax
proceeds benefiting parks to provide grants "to connect underserved communities
in Marin" with county park programs.

County supervisors routinely approved seven grants this week, with the Marin
City Community Services District getting $20,000 to support park programs at
Rocky Graham Park for six months, as well as provide outings to county parks for
those in the district's summer camp program. In addition, the county, using
other funding, is giving the district $20,000 a year to contract for landscape
maintenance, and providing a staff member for up to 30 hours a week to "support
maintenance and upkeep" of the park.

A $17,840 Measure A grant went to Conservation Corps North Bay to organize and
host 20 outreach presentations about parks in classrooms and community meetings,
15 outings "providing a connection between nutrition and physical activity,"
eight environmental education sessions and a social media campaign.

The Novato Youth Center got $14,000 to organize and lead four trips to county
parks for underserved youth.

Grants included $8,000 for San Geronimo Valley Community Center to provide
weekly outings to open space preserves, and $8,000 for Opening the World to lead
six nature photography outings for underserved youth and young mothers, host a
gallery exhibit in a park and organize four family park picnics with Girls
Stepping Up For Change and Young Moms Marin.

Other grants went to Trips for Kids, $5,300 to organize 12 bike rides and two
park outings, and Marin Conservation League, $5,100 to lead six history walks
for seniors.

Programs receiving funds must complete mid and year-end reports.

The grant program seeks to foster "partnerships with community organizations
that lead to a more diverse community of visitors to Marin County's parks and
open space preserves, with a focus on underserved communities throughout Marin
County," according to the county.

Kevin Wright, external affairs coordinator for county parks, noted that more
information about the program, including application procedures used each spring
when grant proposals are solicited, can be found at the www.marincounty.org at
the parks department's Measure A page.

LOAD-DATE: July 3, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


    Copyright 2015 Marin Independent Journal, a MediaNews Group publication
                              All Rights Reserved


                              643 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                  The Leader-Times (Kittanning, Pennsylvania)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           December 3, 2014 Wednesday

Armstrong-based Community Foundation sets up website

BYLINE: Brigid Beatty, The Leader Times, Kittanning, Pa.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 400 words


Dec. 03--A community organization has launched a new website in time for the
holiday season that helps connect nonprofits in need of services and products
with volunteers and donors who want to fulfill a wish.

The Community Foundation Serving the Heart of Western Pennsylvania -- formerly
known as the Armstrong County Community Foundation -- started the
thecommunitywishbook.org as part of its commitment to promote philanthropy and
volunteerism and to help nonprofits meet their charitable goals.

"The whole idea is that nonprofits can go on there and create a wish list for
non-monetary needs," said Tracy Peters, communications and administrative
coordinator.

Folks can scroll through the lists posted by nonprofits or type in a search to
find out ways to help.

Wishes are listed by various nonprofits from Armstrong and neighboring counties.

They include items like resume paper and postage stamps from Redbank Valley
Public Library or services like grant-writing assistance requested by the
Armstrong County Historical Museum and Genealogical Society.

Hand sanitizer and tissues were items requested by the Progressive Workshop of
Armstrong County. Desktop computers, iPads, lockers and recliners were among
wishes posted by Lifesteps.

"A lot of people have stuff lying around their house," Peters said. "This is a
good place to go to see if someone can use it."

Thanks to the website, the Kittanning Salvation Army was recently able to secure
space in town at the First United Methodist Church's Covenant Center to
distribute toys for Christmas.

They were also able to connect with a guitar player willing to volunteer time
and talent to give guitar lessons to kids.

Salvation Army Lt. Amber Imhoff said there are so many ways people can help --
whether it's through an after-school tutoring program, as a bell ringer for the
Red Kettle or as a volunteer janitor. The nonprofit is also hoping a contractor
might grant the wish of fixing their crumbling driveway.

"We're hoping the wish book will get more people interested in helping," said
Lt. Amber Imhoff. "It can spark new ideas. People don't realize there are places
to use their talents."

Brigid Beatty is a staff writer for Trib Total Media. She can be reached at
724-543-1303 or bbeatty@tribweb.com

___ (c)2014 The Leader Times (Kittanning, Pa.) Visit The Leader Times
(Kittanning, Pa.) at www.triblive.com Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC

LOAD-DATE: December 3, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20141203-KT-Armstrong-based-Community
-Foundation-sets-up-website-1203-20141203

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: KT


                        Copyright 2014 The Leader-Times


                              644 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          Kitsap Sun, Bremerton, Wash.

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            August 19, 2010 Thursday

Stimulus Grant Could Speed Up the Internet in Rural Kitsap

BYLINE: Derek Sheppard, Kitsap Sun, Bremerton, Wash.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 584 words


Aug. 19--More of rural Kitsap County might soon have access to high-speed
Internet connections because of a $54.5 million stimulus grant announced
Wednesday.

Several public agencies in Kitsap County are poised to receive $3.4 million of
that money to extend fiber-optic Internet connections to schools, community
centers, fire and police departments and a library in the county's rural areas.

The connections will first be used by public agencies for intergovernmental
communication and during emergencies.

But the extension of those high-speed lines to previously underserved areas
could spur private Internet service providers to connect rural homes and
businesses that currently have limited or no broadband access.

The stimulus money is the second such award to Northwest Open Access Network
(NoaNet), a nonprofit fiber-optic line wholesaler. The Kitsap Public Utility
District and 11 other PUDs in Washington state are members of NoaNet.

NoaNet oversees more than 1,500 miles of fiber-optic cable, including a backbone
running through Kitsap County. Those lines connect governmental agencies like
schools, emergency dispatchers, police and fire stations. Private Internet
service providers can then lease connections to the lines to provide Internet
service to businesses and homes.

Mike Henson, chief security officer for NoaNet, said construction of the new
fiber connections in Kitsap is likely to start within six months and could wrap
up in early 2012.

While most of Kitsap County's major government buildings are connected to the
fiber backbone, the new money will help extend lines to about 50 outlying
buildings. Two such places are the Little Boston Library and Indianola Community
Center. A complete list wasn't immediately available.

In the immediate term, these connections will allow outlying areas to maintain
communications during earthquakes and other emergencies with emergency
responders, 911 dispatchers and other government agencies.

Bud Harris, information technology manager for Kitsap County, said it will also
provide critical backup connections for emergency communications that the county
doesn't currently have.

"The county is the network hub," he said.

The grant comes with a requirement that local governments match 30 percent of
the cost. Harris said the PUD used its existing fiber optic network as
collateral, which covered most of the match. The county, cities, fire districts,
tribes and school districts must cover the remainder, a little more than
$300,000.

"You're talking about pennies on the dollar," he said.

Once the lines are extended, private companies may opt to lease them to offer
nearby homes and businesses high-speed fiber-optic Internet connections. In
areas with cable connections, fiber optics could be a competing service.

Telecommunications companies often won't extend high-speed lines to rural areas
because the cost is too high to serve a small number of customers. That could
change after the extensions are completed, Harris said.

"Once the freeway's in place, it's fairly inexpensive to add the off ramps," he
said.

To see more of the Kitsap Sun or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.kitsapsun.com. Copyright (c) 2010, Kitsap Sun, Bremerton, Wash.
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For more information
about the content services offered by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services
(MCT), visit www.mctinfoservices.com, e-mail services@mctinfoservices.com, or
call 866-280-5210 (outside the United States, call +1 312-222-4544).

LOAD-DATE: August 19, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20100819-1BR-Stimulus-Grant
-Could-Speed-Up-the-Internet-in-Rural-Kitsap-20100819

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1BR


                           Copyright 2010 Kitsap Sun


                              645 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          Kitsap Sun, Bremerton, Wash.

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           August 18, 2010 Wednesday

Stimulus Grant Could Speed Up the Internet in Rural Kitsap

BYLINE: Derek Sheppard, Kitsap Sun, Bremerton, Wash.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 584 words


Aug. 18--More of rural Kitsap County might soon have access to high-speed
Internet connections because of a $54.5 million stimulus grant announced
Wednesday.

Several public agencies in Kitsap County are poised to receive $3.4 million of
that money to extend fiber-optic Internet connections to schools, community
centers, fire and police departments and a library in the county's rural areas.

The connections will first be used by public agencies for intergovernmental
communication and during emergencies.

But the extension of those high-speed lines to previously underserved areas
could spur private Internet service providers to connect rural homes and
businesses that currently have limited or no broadband access.

The stimulus money is the second such award to Northwest Open Access Network
(NoaNet), a nonprofit fiber-optic line wholesaler. The Kitsap Public Utility
District and 11 other PUDs in Washington state are members of NoaNet.

NoaNet oversees more than 1,500 miles of fiber-optic cable, including a backbone
running through Kitsap County. Those lines connect governmental agencies like
schools, emergency dispatchers, police and fire stations. Private Internet
service providers can then lease connections to the lines to provide Internet
service to businesses and homes.

Mike Henson, chief security officer for NoaNet, said construction of the new
fiber connections in Kitsap is likely to start within six months and could wrap
up in early 2012.

While most of Kitsap County's major government buildings are connected to the
fiber backbone, the new money will help extend lines to about 50 outlying
buildings. Two such places are the Little Boston Library and Indianola Community
Center. A complete list wasn't immediately available.

In the immediate term, these connections will allow outlying areas to maintain
communications during earthquakes and other emergencies with emergency
responders, 911 dispatchers and other government agencies.

Bud Harris, information technology manager for Kitsap County, said it will also
provide critical backup connections for emergency communications that the county
doesn't currently have.

"The county is the network hub," he said.

The grant comes with a requirement that local governments match 30 percent of
the cost. Harris said the PUD used its existing fiber optic network as
collateral, which covered most of the match. The county, cities, fire districts,
tribes and school districts must cover the remainder, a little more than
$300,000.

"You're talking about pennies on the dollar," he said.

Once the lines are extended, private companies may opt to lease them to offer
nearby homes and businesses high-speed fiber-optic Internet connections. In
areas with cable connections, fiber optics could be a competing service.

Telecommunications companies often won't extend high-speed lines to rural areas
because the cost is too high to serve a small number of customers. That could
change after the extensions are completed, Harris said.

"Once the freeway's in place, it's fairly inexpensive to add the off ramps," he
said.

To see more of the Kitsap Sun or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.kitsapsun.com. Copyright (c) 2010, Kitsap Sun, Bremerton, Wash.
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For more information
about the content services offered by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services
(MCT), visit www.mctinfoservices.com, e-mail services@mctinfoservices.com, or
call 866-280-5210 (outside the United States, call +1 312-222-4544).

LOAD-DATE: August 19, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20100818-1BR-Stimulus-Grant
-Could-Speed-Up-the-Internet-in-Rural-Kitsap-20100818

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1BR


                           Copyright 2010 Kitsap Sun


                              646 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                      North Shore News (British Columbia)

                             March 20, 2016 Sunday
                                 Final Edition

Students connect with local history

BYLINE: Christine Lyon, North Shore News

SECTION: LIVING; Pg. A11

LENGTH: 540 words


There are 91 names inscribed on the cenotaph in West Vancouver's Memorial Park.

They identify the fallen soldiers from the community who fought in the First and
Second World Wars. But with only first initials and surnames displayed, there is
little the casual observer can glean about these people who lost their lives
decades ago.

In the lead up to the 100th anniversary of the Battle of Vimy Ridge, West
Vancouver Memorial Library is launching a new initiative that seeks to bridge
that disconnect. Research to Remember is being funded by a grant from the World
War Commemorations Community Fund from the Department of Canadian Heritage, and
is being run in partnership with West Vancouver Schools and the Royal Canadian
Legion.

The program aims to give participants a tangible connection to 24 of the
soldiers commemorated on the West Vancouver cenotaph through the exploration of
primary source documents.

Thanks to the grant money, the library was able to hire a professional
researcher to track down the material, which includes medical records, personal
correspondence, records of service, casualty notifications, photographs, lists
of personal effects, and more.

The first phase of the project is focusing on West Vancouver secondary school
students.

Approximately 200 high schoolers in grades 10 to 12 will visit the library
throughout the month of March to conduct historical research based on the
primary source packages. They will also visit the nearby cenotaph to see the
names of the soldiers they've learned about.

The library's youth department head Shannon Ozirny was pleased with the student
response following the first research session.

"They were totally rapt the entire time," she says.

Second World War veteran and Branch 60 Royal Canadian Legion chairman Harry
Greenwood spoke to the students first and for the rest of the program the teens
worked handson with the provided documents.

"They're learning about the difference between gleaning facts from a document
versus making inferences about a person from a historical document, and it also
lets them make a bit more of a personal connection when they have everything
right in front of them," Ozirny says.

The goal is to connect the learners with local history on a personal level.

"We really want the students to connect with the people who were their age from
West Vancouver who went and fought in the war. A lot of these soldiers actually
went to West Van secondary themselves, so there's a pretty direct connection
there."

The second phase of Research to Remember will involve the whole community.
Starting in early May, the primary source packages, along with accompanying
research questions, will be available to the public. Currently, information has
been gathered on just 24 soldiers.

"We picked 12 from each war that had really rich document trails," Ozirny
explains. But the hope is to learn more about the other 67 names over time.

"It's our goal to hopefully capture the stories of all 91 soldiers on the
cenotaph," she says. "It's really exciting to think about how high school
students in West Van could help us with that."

Once the pilot project wraps up, the library anticipates Research to Remember
will become an annual program for secondary schools every November.

LOAD-DATE: March 20, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: / West Vancouver secondary Grade 11 students Raine Lemay and Isabel
Gallant visit the cenotaph in Memorial Park after learning about the community's
fallen solders. PHOTO PAUL MCGRATH;;  made to measure Lions Gate Quilters Guild
members Anita Jones-Gould and Paulette Morton work on one of many quilts to be
donated to local organizations at the group's Community Quilt Days event in
early March. The guild meets the fourth Tuesday of each month at St. Andrew's
and St. Stephen's Presbyterian Church, 2641 Chesterfield Ave., North Vancouver,
and is always looking for new members. Visit lionsgatequiltersguild.com for
info. PHOTO PAUL MCGRATH;

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2016 North Shore News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              647 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                              June 27, 2016 Monday

Washington: FACT SHEET: Expanding the Tech Economies of Communities across the
Country

LENGTH: 3673  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: White House Administration has issued the following news release:



  Obama Administration announces winners of $150 million in TechHire Partnership
grants, including $126 million for at-risk and disadvantaged young Americans



 Today, Vice President Biden and Department of Labor Secretary Perez announced
the release of $150 million in Department of Labor grants for 39 partnerships
across the country. With these funds, awardees will launch innovative training
and placement models to develop tech talent, as a way to keep and create jobs in
local economies. In addition to federal funding, grantees are leveraging nearly
$50 million in philanthropic, private and other funding to contribute to their
own local partnerships.





 A Large and Growing Opportunity for Local Economies



 Having a pipeline of tech talent can be an important factor in bringing new
jobs to local economies, facilitating business growth, and lifting more local
residents into the middle class. These grants will enable more communities to
expand their own local tech sectors.



     Tech jobs are a pathway to the middle class. Tech jobs pay one and a half
times the average wage of a private-sector job. Studies have shown that these
opportunities are also accessible to those without college degrees-- men and
women with non-degree certificates in computer or information services earned
more than 65 percent of men and women, respectively, with more traditional
Associate degrees.

      There is a large and growing unmet demand for tech workers. Today, there
are over 600,000 open IT jobs across all sectors--more than two-thirds in fields
outside the tech sector, such as manufacturing, financial services and
healthcare. Across the country, employers are struggling to find skilled talent
for these positions. A study from CEB found that in 10 major metropolitan areas
(including New York, Atlanta, Seattle, and Houston), there are only five skilled
job seekers available for every eight open IT jobs. Compared to 2010, it now
takes employers five additional weeks to fill the average vacancy--at a cost to
employers of $8.6 million per 1,000 vacancies.

       New innovations in training and hiring can help meet the tech job demand.
Nearly 40 percent of tech jobs do not require a four-year degree. In recent
years, there has been a proliferation of fast-track tech training programs like
"coding bootcamps" that prepare people with little technical know-how for tech
jobs, often in just a few months. A recent survey from Course Report found that
bootcamp graduates saw salary gains of 38 percent (or about $18,000) after
completing their programs. At the same time, employers in cities like
Albuquerque have been adopting new "skills-based" hiring approaches that enable
job seekers to demonstrate their skills to get hired even if they lack
traditional qualifications like computer science degrees.

      Tech talent can be an important driver of local economic development.
Companies report that one of the main factors in deciding where to locate is the
availability of skilled talent. Moreover, research from economist Enrico Moretti
shows that for each job in the average high-tech firm, five new jobs are
indirectly created in local economies.



 In response to this opportunity, in March 2015, President Obama launched
TechHire, a bold multi-sector effort and call to action for cities, states, and
rural areas to work with employers to design and implement new approaches like
coding bootcamps to train workers for well-paying tech jobs often in just a few
months.



 Since then, 50 communities with nearly 1,000 employer partners have begun
working together to find new ways to recruit and place applicants based on their
skills and to create more fast-track tech training opportunities. These range
from programs in New York City that connect low-income young people to tech
training and internships to a program in rural Eastern Kentucky that teaches
former coalminers to code.



 The federal government is doing its part to support communities in this work
with a specific focus on making sure that access to these innovations is widely
shared, supporting best practice sharing amongst communities, and encouraging
engagement of the key stakeholders that fuel a TechHire community -- including
employers, innovative training providers and local workforce development
leadership. As stakeholders help engage more employers and connect more local
communities to these opportunities, the TechHire network will continue to grow.



 More details on today's announcements



 Today, the Department of Labor is awarding 39 grants--totaling $150
million--for programs in 25 states and Washington, DC to support innovative ways
to get workers on the fastest paths to well-paying information technology and
high-growth jobs in in-demand sectors like healthcare, advanced manufacturing,
and financial services. Of these grants, $126 million will specifically target
strategies designed to best support young Americans, ages 17 to 29.



 All of the partnerships funded today engage in the following practices:



 1)      Expand access to accelerated learning options that provide a quick path
to good jobs, such as "bootcamp"-style programs, online options, and
competency-based programs.



 2)      Use data and innovative hiring practices to expand openness to
non-traditional hiring by working with employers to build robust data on where
they have the greatest needs, identify what skills they are looking for, and
build willingness to hire from both nontraditional and traditional training
programs.



 3)      Offer specialized training strategies, supportive services, and other
participant-focused services that assist targeted populations to overcome
barriers, including networking and job search, active job development,
transportation, mentoring, and financial counseling.



 4)      Emphasize inclusion by leveraging the high demand for tech jobs and new
training and hiring approaches to improve access to tech jobs for all citizens,
including out-of-school and out-of-work young Americans, people with
disabilities, people learning English as a second language, and people with
criminal records.



 $126 Million in Grants to Create Pathways to Careers for At-Risk and
Out-of-School, Out-of-Work Young Americans



 Examples of selected communities and programs include:



     Atlanta, GA. ATL TechHire: Fostering an IT Workforce Ecosystem to Inspire
Atlanta's Under-Represented IT Workforce to Pursue IT Careers ($4 million)



 ATL TechHire will train the City of Atlanta's youth and young adults with
barriers to employment and other unemployed and underemployed for open jobs in
tech. Led by the Atlanta Workforce Development Agency, in partnership with Iron
Yard and TechSquare Labs, ATL TechHire has developed customizable training
tracks to serve differing needs. Participants will be enrolled in TechSquare
Labs' innovative Culture Fit and Career Readiness programs, as well as
fast-track training with one of the Iron Yard's coding bootcamps, to train
participants for jobs in front- and back-end engineering, mobile engineering,
data science, and design; or with the Atlanta Technical College for degrees that
lead to in-demand IT jobs.



     Albuquerque, NM. New Mexico Tech Connections (NMTC): Expanding Career
Pipeline to IT for Youth and Disadvantaged Workers ($4 million)



 Workforce Connection of Central New Mexico (WCCNM) will use grant funds to
expand its NMTC consortium in order to build a career pipeline into IT for
around 338 young adults and other workers with barriers to training and
employment. Serving the city of Albuquerque, as well as Bernalillo, Sandoval,
Torrance and Valencia counties, NMTC consists of training and education partner,
College of New Mexico, along with six area employers and promises to address
gaps in conventional training for H-1B jobs.



     Miami, FL. ACCEL in Tech: Bringing Customized Training in IT, Healthcare
and Financial Services to Those with Barriers to Employment ($3.5 million)



 Acquiring Credential and Creating Experiential Learning (ACCEL) in Technology
will leverage the size and resources of Miami Dade College, along with the
expertise of partners including CareerSource South Florida Mount Sinai Medical
Center, AHIMA Foundation, and the McKinsey Social Initiative, who will provide
guidance on advisory boards, curriculum development, employee mentors,
opportunities for paid work experiences, and commitments to hire participants.
This program will develop customizable training for the individual. Through this
initiative, over 400 young adults with barriers to employment will gain access
to training in IT, healthcare, and financial services.



     New York, NY. TechIMPACT Program: Training and Placing Youth at Large Tech
Companies and Startups ($3.9 million)



 LaGuardia Community College will partner with General Assembly, Udacity,
Software Guild and others to offer accelerated tech training to young adults in
web development, java, and computer network support. Given that young people
often struggle to connect to their first job, TechIMPACT is teaming up with
partners to make sure that graduates have connections to internships and job
placements when they graduate. IBM, Walmart, and other employer partners are
committing to interview and hire qualified candidates, and Uncubed will place
graduates with a network of high-growth startup companies.



     New York; Washington, DC; and Maryland. Pathways to Tech Careers: Providing
Multi-Tiered Training Model to Improve Skills of Young, Low-Wage, and Veteran
Workers ($5 million)



 Jobs for the Future, Inc.'s program will establish and expand accelerated
training programs that prepare youth and young adults with barriers to
employment for high-wage, high-demand careers in IT in New York City Washington,
D.C., Prince George's County, Anne Arundel County and Howard County, MD.  PTC
will have three tracks including a bootcamp-style, immersive web development
training, a data analytics training for incumbent workers to upskill to better
jobs, and a short-term IT security program for veterans. PTC will build on the
national presence of JFF, General Assembly, and Per Scholas to demonstrate
multiple strategies to move individuals from entry-level jobs into the
middle-class with tech training.



     Seattle, WA. TechHire Seattle-King County: Implementing LaunchCode's
Successful Apprenticeship Model ($3.8 million)



 Seattle Central College will work with the LaunchCode Foundation, EnergySavvy,
Unloop, Floodgate, Ada Developer Academy and other partners to connect young
Americans to jobs in database administration and development, mobile product
development, network design and administration, programming, web design, and web
development training. To increase opportunities for employers to find
high-quality, diverse, entry-level talent, and for students to learn on the job,
LaunchCode will connect students at no cost to the student with companies that
will offer mentorship and training through a paid apprenticeship program, with
the option for employers to hire the student at the end of the 3-6 month
apprenticeship. Launchcode has successfully launched and grown this model in 4
U.S. cities, achieving 90 percent placement rates and more than doubling
salaries of participants. Seattle is leveraging $4.4 million in philanthropic
and private contributions to support this initiative.



 $24 Million in Grants to Connect People with Criminal Records, People with
Limited English Proficiency and People with Disabilities to In-Demand Jobs



 Examples of selected communities and programs include:



     -Indianapolis, IN. GOAL! Program: Expanding Language and Technical Skills
for LEP Individuals ($3.2 million)



 Led by the Labor Institute for Training (LIFT), in partnership with Jobs for
the Future and Indiana Adult Education, Growing Opportunities in America for
Latinos! (GOAL!) will enhance and expand services throughout the state of
Indiana. The program will enhance and expand English language and advanced
manufacturing technical skills for 400 residents with limited English
proficiency. Incumbent workers will also have access to upskill opportunities
through the Industrial Manufacturing Technician (IMT) registered apprenticeship,
leveraging the American Apprenticeship Initiative grant awarded by the
Department of Labor to Jobs for the Future.



     Kern, Inyo, and Mono Counties, CA. Next Step Program: Offering Skills
Training to Individuals with High-Function Autism Spectrum Disorders ($4
million)



 The Exceptional Family Center, the Kern County Hispanic Chamber of Commerce and
Bakersfield Adult School will collaborate with local employers and partners to
train local individuals with high-functioning Autism Spectrum Disorders for open
jobs. Geared towards those with documented barriers to training and employment,
the Next Step Job Training and Employment Partnership (Next Step) will offer
courses at UCLA Extension and Bakersfield Adult School in computer skills,
vocational education, and medical coding. The partnership will also offer a
bootcamp training on soft skills to improve employability and job
performance--including effective communication, workplace behavior, and
independent living.



 $36 Million of Total Grants will Support Workers in Rural Communities in
Retooling and Retraining for New Jobs



 Of the $150 million in grants, $36 million have been awarded to programs that
will specifically target rural communities that are serving young people and
other disadvantaged populations described in the sections above.



 Examples of selected communities and programs include:



      Midlands Region of SC. Midlands TechHire: Offering Numerous Boot Camps,
Scholarships and Internships in Networking and Programming ($4 million)



 Midlands Technical College will offer scholarships to 400 individuals for five
accelerated learning boot camps that will train students for networking and
programming occupations, such as computer technicians and web development, in
six to eight weeks. Along with the wide range of technical training programs
offered, Midlands TechHire will provide exam preparation for certifications, as
well as classes and workshops in soft skills and job readiness. Graduates of
these accelerated training programs will qualify for sponsorship of exam fees
and paid three-month internships in IT occupations. With assistance from 24
grant partners, Midlands TechHire will be able to provide a comprehensive
assessment of barriers and customized support services for each student.



      West Virginia. WVTTI: Transforming Local Economy by Training and Upgrading
Young Adults for New Tech jobs in Software and Engineering ($4 million)



 With its West Virginia Technology Transformation Initiative (WVTTI), Bridge
Valley Community and Technical College is helping transform this once
coal-dependent regional economy into a technology-based one. WVTTI is
specifically focused on helping the young adult population find jobs as software
developers, mechanical engineers, and machinists, among other opportunities. By
leveraging this grant and facilitating relationships among local training
providers, workforce organizations, and employers such as the Appalachian Power
Company, the WVTTI will expand efforts to help young West Virginians upgrade
their skills and gain the credentials needed to obtain middle- and high-skill
jobs.



 More details on all winners can be found here.



 A list of winners and grant amounts is below.



 1



 Building on Progress: President Obama's Job-Driven Training Agenda



 The TechHire Partnership grants build on progress already underway. Since the
President and Vice President released their Job-Driven Training review in July
2014, Federal agencies have taken actions to make programs serving approximately
20 million Americans every year more employer-driven. And over the past 7 years,
we have taken a number of steps to support the American workforce and prepare it
for the 21st century, including:



 Training Americans for jobs of the future. Through TechHire and Computer
Science for All, the Administration is connecting Americans with the tech skills
that employers are increasingly seeking, across many industries and roles.



     Launching Computer Science for All. This year, the President unveiled his
plan to give all K-12 students across the country the chance to learn computer
science (CS) in school. This initiative builds on a growing movement led by
parents, teachers, districts, states, and the private sector to expand CS
education. To jumpstart this effort, the National Science Foundation (NSF) and
the Corporation for National and Community Service (CNCS) have pledged to invest
more than $135 million to support and train CS teachers across the country over
the next five years. In addition, in his budget, the President has called for $4
billion in funding for states, and $100 million directly for districts, to train
teachers, expand access to high-quality instructional materials, and build
effective regional partnerships. Since its launch, nine states have taken action
to expand access to CS education, the private sector has made more $250 million
in philanthropic commitments, and more than 25 Governors have called on Congress
to increase K-12 CS funding.



 Making sure all Americans have a fair shot. The President has taken steps to
expand and improve efforts to connect workers who have been displaced by
economic change to the workforce system and into good jobs. Building on models
of what works, these efforts have helped not only those affected by trade and
globalization, but also by the aftermath of the Great Recession, by long-term
changes in the energy industry, by the rapid rate of technological change and
the adoption of new methods, and in communities that suffer from economic
isolation and decline.



     Securing a six-year extension and expansion of Trade Adjustment Assistance
(TAA) in June 2015, which provides vital job training, income support and other
benefits to American workers displaced by the forces of globalization. The
number of estimated workers currently eligible for benefits and services is over
100,000, which is almost double the number of workers eligible for TAA benefits
and services in all of fiscal year 2015 under the older program.

     Helping the long-term unemployed get back to work and stay in the labor
force, including through a $170M Ready to Work grant that supports partnerships
with businesses to create a best practices for hiring the long-term unemployed.
In addition, DOL is providing robust reemployment services and eligibility
assessments through $200 million in grants to all 50 states and territories to
help prevent long-term unemployment and connect jobseekers to the labor market.
Through FY 2016, an estimated 1.3 million unemployed workers will be served.

     Launching the Partnerships for Opportunity and Workforce and Economic
Revitalization (POWER) Initiative, a Department of Commerce led effort bringing
together 10 federal agencies to assist communities negatively impacted by
changes in the coal industry and power sector with coordinated federal economic
and workforce development resources that help communities diversify their
economies and provide reemployment services and job training.

     Strengthening relationships with businesses to recruit and hire veterans.
The Veterans' Employment and Training Service (VETS) within DOL established an
employer outreach team that encourages employment commitments from national and
regional employers seeking to hire veterans.  VETS expanded the outreach team to
connect with over 600 employers ranging from small businesses to Fortune 500
companies.



 Scaling Up What Works. The Administration has implemented a job-driven
checklist that reorients job training grants to align with the elements that
matter most to getting Americans into better jobs.



      Implementing the job-driven training checklist that reorients competitive
job training grants to align with best practices based on elements that matter
most to getting Americans into better jobs. To date, agencies have awarded over
15 competitive job-training grant programs that total more than $1.5 billion.

     Signing the bipartisan Workforce Innovation and Opportunity Act (WIOA), the
first reform of federal job training programs in nearly 20 years that reaches
approximately 20 million Americans annually. WIOA improves business engagement,
accountability, access, and alignment across training programs.



 Doubling Down on Proven Strategies. The Administration is using evidence-based
practices to direct limited Federal resources into results-driven models. For
example, a recent study found participants in Registered Apprenticeship programs
earned $300,000 more over their lifetimes than a comparison group.



     Expanding Registered Apprenticeship programs through $265 million in
targeted investments. Since the President's 2014 State of the Union call to
action, the United States has added more than 81,000 new Registered
Apprenticeship opportunities, the nation's largest increase in nearly a decade.

     Investing in training for dislocated workers that follows employer needs in
key sectors. DOL has awarded nearly $300 million in Sector Partnerships and
Job-Driven Training grants focusing on training dislocated workers. Sector
partnerships are consistently cited as one of the most effective strategies to
better align education with employer needs and have been shown through
randomized evaluations to lead to higher rates of employment and earnings.

     Investing $2 billion in the Trade Adjustment Assistance Community College
and Career Training grant program that has created 2,300 in-demand education and
training programs at community colleges in all 50 states. To date, nearly
300,000 participants have enrolled in these programs, earning 160,000
credentials.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:

 editorial@plusmediasolutions.com



LOAD-DATE: June 28, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              648 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                              March 9, 2015 Monday

Washington: President Obama Launches New TechHire Initiative

LENGTH: 2656  words

DATELINE: Washington


White House has issued the following news release:

The President and his Administration are focused on promoting middle class
economics to ensure that all Americans can contribute to and benefit from our
American resurgence. Part of that effort requires empowering every American with
the education and training they need to earn higher wages. Today's announcement
is the latest part of that effort: In his remarks to the National League of
Cities, the President will announce his TechHire initiative, including a new
campaign to work with communities to get more Americans rapidly trained for
well-paying technology jobs.

Middle class economics has driven the President from day one, and it is what has
fueled our comeback. On Friday, we learned that our economy created nearly
300,000 new jobs in February. American businesses have now added more than
200,000 jobs a month for the past 12 months, the longest streak of job creation
at that pace in 37 years. All told, over the past five years, our businesses
have created 12 million new jobs.

While we are seeing an economic resurgence, the President has made clear that
there is still work left to do. America has about 5 million open jobs today,
more than at any point since 2001. Over half a million of those job openings are
in information technology fields like software development, network
administration, and cybersecurity- many of which did not even exist just a
decade ago. The average salary in a job that requires information technology
(IT) skills - whether in manufacturing, advertising, retail or banking - is 50
percent higher than the average private-sector American job. Helping more
Americans train and connect to these jobs is a key element of the President's
middle-class economics agenda.

As part of that agenda, TechHire is a bold multi-sector effort and call to
action to empower Americans with the skills they need, through universities and
community colleges but also nontraditional approaches like "coding bootcamps,"
and high-quality online courses that can rapidly train workers for a well-paying
job, often in just a few months. Employers across the United States are in
critical need of talent with these skills. Many of these programs do not require
a four-year degree. Key elements of the initiative include:

Over twenty forward-leaning communities are committing to take action - working
with each other and with national employers - to expand access to tech jobs. To
kick off TechHire, 20 regions, with over 120,000 open technology jobs and more
than 300 employer partners in need of this workforce, are announcing plans to
work together to new ways to recruit and place applicants based on their actual
skills and to create more fast track tech training opportunities. The President
is challenging other communities across the country to follow their lead.

$100 million in new Federal investments to train and connect more workers to a
good job in technology and other in-demand fields. The Administration will
launch a $100 million H-1B grant competition by the Department of Labor to
support innovative approaches to training and successfully employing low-skill
individuals with barriers to training and employment including those with child
care responsibilities, people with disabilities, disconnected youth, and limited
English proficient workers, among others. This grant competition will support
the scaling up of evidence-based strategies such as accelerated learning,
work-based learning, and Registered Apprenticeships.

Private sector boosts tools and resources to support and expand continued
innovation in technology training, with a focus on reaching under-served
populations. Private sector leaders are announcing commitments to provide free
training through online training slots and expanding "coding bootcamps" - which
provide intensive training for well-paying jobs, often in the course of just a
few months - to low-income and underserved Americans including women,
minorities, and veterans across the nation. National organizations are
committing to work with interested cities to share job and skills information,
job-matching tools, and other resources to help support the growth, adoption,
and creation of promising practices across the United States.

Details on the Tech Hire Initiative

The TechHire initiative builds on work communities like Louisville, St. Louis,
Philadelphia, New York City and the State of Delaware are doing to connect more
Americans to well-paying technology jobs through a potent combination of new
tools and training models:

Over twenty forward-leaning communities are committing to take action - with
each other and with national employers - to expand access to tech jobs: The
TechHire initiative will achieve its goals by connecting communities together so
promising ideas happening in one community can be rapidly adopted by other
regions. Today, 21 communities are stepping up and responding to the President's
call-to-action, including:

Louisville New York City Philadelphia Delaware City of Kearney and Buffalo
County, NE
Colorado St. Louis Salt Lake City San Antonio
Los Angeles Minneapolis Kansas City Memphis Rural Eastern Kentucky
Nashville Rochester Detroit San Francisco Albuquerque
Chattanooga Portland

Building on the promising work already underway in their communities, they are
all committing to three actions:

Using data and innovative hiring practices to expand openness to non-traditional
hiring: Having a data-driven assessment of employer demand is critical to
building a successful regional strategy. Communities are committing to work with
employers to build robust data on where they have greatest needs and what skills
they are looking for; communities will work with employers to build willingness
to hire from both nontraditional and traditional training programs; and
communities will work with employers to review -and upgrade -their recruiting
and hiring practices to enable non-traditional hiring.

 Expanding models for training that prepare students in months, not years:
Communities will recruit, incubate and expand accelerated tech learning programs
- such as coding bootcamps and innovative online training - which enable
interested non-tech-experienced students to gain coding skills in months, not
years. These new models also have potential to reaching to a broader set of
students than have traditionally chosen to pursue tech careers. These new
training programs can be run both independently or embedded as part of a local
community college or university education offering.

 Active local leadership to connect people to jobs with hiring on ramp programs:
Communities will build local strategies and partnerships to connect people to
jobs, with steps ranging from investing in and working with industry-trusted
organizations, which will vouch for those who have the skills to do the job but
who may lack the typical profile of degrees and career experience. They will
host local tech community gatherings with engaged employers, attract new
non-traditional training providers to their regions, and bring visibility to
existing local activities such as tech meet-ups, startup co-working spaces or
startup-weekends - which are already in place in most middle-size cities or
encouraging the founding of these groups if they are not available locally.

The Administration is encouraging more communities and employers to follow in
their lead with similar innovative strategies to advance these goals.

Examples of TechHire Community Commitments

St. Louis, MO. A network of over 150 employers in St. Louis' rapidly expanding
innovation ecosystem will build on a successful Mastercard pilot to partner with
local non-profit Launchcode, to build the skills of women and underrepresented
minorities for tech jobs, and will also place 250 apprentices in jobs in 2015 at
employers like Monsanto, CitiBank, Enterprise Rent-a-Car, and Anheuser Busch.

New York City, NY. With employers including Microsoft, Verizon, Goldman Sachs,
Google, and Facebook, the Tech Talent Pipeline is announcing new commitments to
prepare college students in the City University of New York (CUNY) system for
and connect them to paid internship opportunities at local tech companies. NYC
will also expand successful models like the NYC Web Development Fellowship
serving 18-26 year olds without a college degree in partnership with the
Flatiron School.

State of Delaware. The new Delaware TechHire initiative is committing to
training entry-level developers in a new accelerated coding bootcamp and Java
and .Net accelerated community college programs giving financial institutions
and healthcare employers, throughout the state, access to a new cohort of
skilled software talent in a matter of months. Capital One, Bank of America,
Christiana Care and others are committing to placing people trained in these
programs this year.

Louisville, KY. Louisville has convened over 20 IT employers as part of the Code
Louisville initiative to train and place new software developers, including
Glowtouch, Appriss, Humana, Zirmed, and Indatus. Louisville will build on this
work in support of the TechHire Initiative: the city will recruit a high-quality
coding bootcamp to Louisville and establish a new partnership between Code
Louisville and local degree granting institutions to further standardize
employer recognition of software development skillsets.

A $100 million competition for innovative approaches to connect Americans with
disabilities, disconnected youth, and others to the fastest path to a good job
in technology and other in-demand fields.

Today the Administration is announcing its commitment to make $100 million
available through the Department of Labor to support innovative approaches to
moving lower skilled workers with barriers to training and employment on the
fastest paths to well-paying information technology and high growth jobs in
industries like healthcare, advanced manufacturing, financial services and other
in-demand sectors. The grant will focus on providing workers the skills for a
pathway to the middle class while providing employers with the skilled
technology workers need to grow and expand. This grant will serve people with
barriers to accessing training including people with childcare responsibilities,
people with disabilities, people with limited English proficiency, and
disconnected youth, among others. It will serve both unemployed and low skilled
front line workers.

Grants will pilot and scale innovative partnerships between employers, workforce
boards, training institutions, non-profit organizations, and cities and states
across the country. These partnerships will support the implementation of
job-driven training strategies to help workers complete basic and technical
skills training using evidence-based strategies such as accelerated learning,
work-based learning and Registered Apprenticeships. A solicitation for
applications for these partnerships will be available this fall and awards will
be made next year. These grants will be financed by a user fee paid by employers
to bring foreign workers into the United States under the H-1B nonimmigrant visa
program.

Private sector leaders are announcing tools and resources to scale continued
innovation in technology training, with a focus on reaching under-served
populations.

Expanding accelerated models for training in months not years:

A group of 10 bootcamps are jointly announcing a shared, third-party validated
format for annually publishing completion and employment outcomes to help
continue to drive innovation in the bootcamp model.

The accelerated training providers Dev Bootcamp, Hack Reactor, Microsoft,
Treehouse Island, Inc., and Udacity will all be expanding free or discounted
training slots for underserved communities and individuals.

General Assembly will work with community colleges, other training providers,
and employers with the aim of further standardizing web development training
 .
 Flatiron School, Hackbright Academy, and Rural Sourcing are announcing they
will provide pro bono consulting to help interested communities expand and
improve training.

Cisco will provide select individuals interested in career opportunities in IT
with free access to online IT networking skills including hundreds of online
training assets.

Support for local leaders:

Opportunity@Work, a national civic enterprise that is launching at New America
today, will aim to connect policy to action and will collaborate with private
and philanthropic partners to create freely available tools to scale-up employer
commitments to inclusive hiring practices, to facilitate a nationwide learning
network for communities, and to create new financing to help lower-income
Americans be trained and placed into technology jobs.

Capital One, through its FutureEdge initiative, a $150 million effort that will
help increase tech skills and hiring, will collaborate with Opportunity@Work to
provide support tailored to the needs of communities.

#YesWeCode commits to delivering $10 million in scholarships for 2,000
underserved minorities across the nation, to attend coding bootcamps over the
next ten years.

Using data and innovative hiring practices to expand hiring to include
non-traditional training paths:

CEB will develop their own best practices playbook for employers with guidance
to private and public employers on how to recruit tech talent from
non-traditional sources.

LinkedIn will provide free data about the supply and demand of IT skills to
communities to help them identify shortages and focus training resources on
skills most in-demand.

Knack will for the first time make its aptitude test technology available free
of charge to employers, communities, and accelerated training providers that are
launching inclusive training and hiring campaigns aimed at underserved
minorities, women, and veterans.

A complete list of private sector commitments can be found here.

The President's Agenda to Create Pathways to the Middle-Class Through
High-Quality, Job-Driven Training. TechHire is part of the President's broader
agenda to invest in job-driven training:

Vice-President Biden's Job-Driven Training Review. The President's TechHire
initiative builds on the job-driven training review that the President asked the
Vice President to lead in the 2013 State of the Union. Amongst other findings,
the Vice President's review identified information technology generally and
cybersecurity in particular as an emerging area of growth that requires
job-driven training strategies to meet business needs and provide more workers
with a path to the middle class.

VA Accelerated Learning Competition. To ensure that Veterans can take full
advantage of innovative learning models, VA will apply $10M in innovation
funding to leverage accelerated learning and test its effectiveness for
transitioning Servicemembers and Veterans over the next two years. VA will
concentrate this initiative in communities where conditions are conducive for VA
to provide industry-specific and place-based support to Veterans and
transitioning Servicemembers

American Apprenticeship Grant Competition. Last year, DOL opened a $100 million
competition to spur partnerships between employers, labor, training providers,
and local governments to expand apprenticeships into high-growth fields like
information technology and scale models that work. The deadline for this
application is April 30, 2015, and more information is available at the Grants.
gov application page.

Information Technology Industry-Credentialing partnerships. The President's
FY2016 budget proposes $300 million to fund IT jobs partnerships between
regional employers to develop and adopt assessments and credentials that will
give more people the chance to qualify for a better, higher-paying tech job
regardless of their pedigree.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: March 10, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              649 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                             The Durham News, N.C.

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                            December 1, 2015 Tuesday

Durham's Bull City Cool food hub connects

BYLINE: Virginia Bridges, The Durham News, N.C.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 618 words


Dec. 01--DURHAM -- At the corner of Geer and Mangum streets, sits a renovated
building that is helping to build a farm-to-table food system that goes beyond
high-end restaurants and affluent foodies.

The building, a former Gulf filling station built in 1928, serves as a key
connection for local nonprofits, small businesses and farmers, providing both
office space and cool and cold storage.

Bull City Cool food hub has one freezer and three coolers, all set to different
temperatures to preserve fresh fruits and vegetables on their way from small
farms and community gardens to local customers, including those in need.

"What makes our (concept) different is we have this public interest mission of
building the local community food system and the relationships in it," said
Peter Skillern, executive director of Reinvestment Partners, a nonprofit
community development corporation that redeveloped the building, which had its
grand opening in September. "Some of the outcomes will be more profitable small
farmers, better small businesses and more people who are fed local, healthy
food."

The building, at 902 N. Mangum St., was renovated with the help of a $100,000
economic development grant from the city. The U.S. Department of Agriculture
also provided $100,000 for equipment. That money includes a $25,000 sub-grant to
Durham Soil & Water Conservation District to work with local farmers to build
their capacity.

Bull City Cool's mission is best explained by looking its tenants, and how they
use the building.

Those tenants include Farmer Foodshare, Inter-Faith Food Shuttle and Seal the
Seasons. Online grocery store Relay Foods and Community Nutrition Partnership, a
nonprofit that seeks to grow healthier communities, also plan to move into the
food hub.

Farmer Foodshare connects people who grow food to people who need food, said
executive director Gini Bell. Its programs includes stations at 30 farmers
markets across the state that collect vegetable, produce and monetary donations
that go to organizations that feed people in need.

Farmer Foodshare, which moved into Bull City Cool in August, runs it POP Market
program there. The market serves as a small-scale food hub that purchases food
from family farms looking for new markets and sells it to nonprofit
organizations in the Triangle serving low-wealth communities.

On the Tuesday before Thanksgiving, Bull City Cool's giant refrigerators housed
boxes of sweet potatoes, broccoli and collards gathered from Triangle farms. The
vegetables would soon be delivered to the Inter-Faith Council for Social Service
in Chapel Hill, which would provide holiday dinners to at least 700 families.

The Inter-Faith Food Shuttle, which also moved into the hub in August, is using
the new space to consolidate its gardens, offer more educational opportunities
and continue to pack up foods to go home with children through its BackPack
Buddies program.

Eliza Bordley, Inter-Faith's Durham food security coordinator, said volunteers
are developing a community garden in a large lot owned and leased to them by
Reinvestment Partners across the street from the food hub. While the
organization has run gardens across Durham, the larger, consolidated lot allows
them to centralize the program and offer more classes and camps.

"We are going to have garden space and classroom space along with parking and
bathroom and amenities like that for large groups," she said. They will also
have cold storage to preserve and distribute the products of their garden to
Durham residents, she said.

Virginia Bridges: 919-829-8924, @virginiabridges

___ (c)2015 The Durham News, N.C. Visit The Durham News, N.C. at
www.thedurhamnews.com Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: December 11, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20151201-1DR-Durham-s-Bull-City-Cool-food-hub-connects-1201-20151201

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1DR


                                 Copyright 2015


                              650 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                     The Journal Record (Oklahoma City, OK)

                            April 3, 2013 Wednesday

Cox accepting grant applications from Oklahoma City- and Tulsa-area nonprofits

BYLINE: Journal Record Staff

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 103  words


The Cox Connects Foundation is accepting applications for the Cox Connects
Community Investment Grants.

In 2013, the foundation will award nearly 50 grants to Oklahoma City- and
Tulsa-area nonprofit organizations. Applications are at www.coxconnectsok.com.
May 1 is the deadline for applications.

The grants are designed to assist 501(c)(3) organizations. The money is
allocated for nonprofit programs that focus on education, technology, social
issues and the arts.

<a href="http://www.journalrecord.com/be-the-first-to-know/">Click here for more
from this resource. </a>

© 2013 Dolan Media Newswires. All Rights Reserved.

LOAD-DATE: April 10, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: General news

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2013 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved


                              651 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           January 14, 2017 Saturday

Washington: 21 New National Park Projects Promote Healthy Living & Exploration

LENGTH: 1087  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: National Park Foundation has issued the following news release:



 Twenty-one new projects at national parks across the country will give kids and
adults the opportunity to recreate, learn, and improve their well-being thanks
to Active Trails grants from the National Park Foundation, the official charity
of America's national parks.





 The 21 grants announced today total $485,000 and provide funding for parks
across the country to collaborate with community partners to offer a variety of
activities for people of all ages.



 "National parks offer great spaces to recreate, be active, and build community.
Whether it is admiring a dark night sky, walking in the footsteps of your
ancestors, or taking part in a healthy exercise challenge, our Active Trails
grants make it possible for people from all backgrounds to engage in activities
that are good for the body and mind," said Susan Newton, senior vice president
of grants & programs at the National Park Foundation.



 "As the National Park Service enters its second century of service, connecting
more people to parks, trails, and heritage areas builds on the success of our
centennial and prepares us for the 50th anniversary of the National Trails
System in 2018," said Rita Hennessy, the National Park Service National Trails
System program manager. "These grants will encourage new generations of visitors
to build their own connections to America's remarkable places, where they can be
active and inspired."



 Since 2008, the National Park Foundation has granted nearly $3.8 million
through its Active Trails program. As of early 2016, Active Trails has engaged
more than 15,000 volunteers and nearly 900 project partners.



 Collaborations between schools, teachers, youth groups, Friends Groups, and
other partner organizations make each grantee's project possible. Examples
include:



     Freedom's Frontier National Heritage Area (Kansas) Students from Topeka,
Kansas will kick-start the development of a heritage trail that spans five miles
through four urban neighborhoods and connects ten heritage sites including Brown
v. Board of Education National Historic Site, two Network to Freedom sites,
multiple National Register of Historic Places sites, the Kansas River National
Water Trail, and a future Oregon-California Trail park. Students will research,
design, and paint interpretive sidewalk murals that depict the historic
connections between each of the heritage sites along the trail. They will also
collect oral histories from cross-generational audiences during a community
event.

     Grand Canyon National Park (Arizona) The park and Grand Canyon School will
host "Phantom Challenge" (named in honor of Phantom Ranch at the base of the
canyon) to encourage underserved community members to get outdoors and explore
the park. The challenge is a race to see who can exercise the length of the
Grand Canyon (277 miles!) over the course of a year. A display board at the
local school will visually track the student miles. They can walk, run,
snowshoe, bike, etc. to get the miles, as long as they do it outside. Each month
the school will host 1-2 weekend activities designed for the community to get
outside together and recreate.

     Katahdin Woods and Waters National Monument (Maine) In partnership with the
Bangor YMCA, the park will offer youth and seniors of eastern Maine a variety of
activities including snowshoeing, hiking, biking, canoeing, trail restoration,
and camping under the stars.

     Little Bighorn Battlefield National Monument (Montana) and Mammoth Cave
National Park (Kentucky) Both parks will implement new "Night Sky" programs. At
Mammoth Cave, the thick forest canopy blocks city lights along the horizon
making nighttime in the park very dark - a rarity in the eastern United States.
Visitors to Little Bighorn can witness the soldiers' last night sky before their
fateful encounter at the Battle of Little Bighorn, and learn how American
Indians would have interpreted the sky in their own cultures.

     War in the Pacific National Historical Park (Guam) This "Discovery" project
will engage at-risk youth in trail and habitat improvement activities to protect
the park's resources and connect them to their heritage. Additionally, the
project will engage a terrestrial biologist and other traditional plant use
experts to develop interpretive signage and an app, and to present at field days
to educate locals and visitors about these vital plant resources.



 The entire list of the 2017 Active Trails recipients can be found here.



 The Active Trails projects are great examples of the countless ways there are
to #FindYourPark. Launched in March 2015, Find Your Park/Encuentra Tu Parque is
a public awareness and education movement to inspire people from all backgrounds
to connect with, celebrate, and support America's national parks and community
-based programs. #FindYourPark invites people to discover and share their own
unique connections to our nation's natural landscapes, vibrant culture, and rich
history.



 The National Park Foundation wishes to thank The Coca-Cola Company and The
Coca-Cola Foundation for their generous support of the Active Trails program.



 ABOUT THE NATIONAL PARK SERVICE

 More than 25,000 National Park Service employees care for America's 414
national parks and work with communities across the nation to help preserve
local history and create close-to-home recreational opportunities. Visit us at
www.nps.gov, on Facebook www.facebook.com /nationalparkservice, Twitter
www.twitter.com /natlparkservice, and YouTube www.youtube.com
/nationalparkservice.



 ABOUT THE NATIONAL PARK FOUNDATION

 The National Park Foundation is the official charity of America's national
parks and nonprofit partner to the National Park Service.  Chartered by Congress
in 1967, the National Park Foundation raises private funds to help PROTECT more
than 84 million acres of national parks through critical conservation and
preservation efforts, CONNECT all Americans with their incomparable natural
landscapes, vibrant culture and rich history, and INSPIRE the next generation of
park stewards. In 2016, commemorating the National Park Service's 100th
anniversary, the Foundation launched The Centennial Campaign for America's
National Parks, a $350 million comprehensive fundraising campaign to strengthen
and enhance the future of these national treasures for the next hundred years.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:

 editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: January 14, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2017 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              652 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           January 14, 2017 Saturday

Washington: 21 New National Park Projects Promote Healthy Living & Exploration

LENGTH: 1087  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: National Park Foundation has issued the following news release:



 Twenty-one new projects at national parks across the country will give kids and
adults the opportunity to recreate, learn, and improve their well-being thanks
to Active Trails grants from the National Park Foundation, the official charity
of America's national parks.





 The 21 grants announced today total $485,000 and provide funding for parks
across the country to collaborate with community partners to offer a variety of
activities for people of all ages.



 "National parks offer great spaces to recreate, be active, and build community.
Whether it is admiring a dark night sky, walking in the footsteps of your
ancestors, or taking part in a healthy exercise challenge, our Active Trails
grants make it possible for people from all backgrounds to engage in activities
that are good for the body and mind," said Susan Newton, senior vice president
of grants & programs at the National Park Foundation.



 "As the National Park Service enters its second century of service, connecting
more people to parks, trails, and heritage areas builds on the success of our
centennial and prepares us for the 50th anniversary of the National Trails
System in 2018," said Rita Hennessy, the National Park Service National Trails
System program manager. "These grants will encourage new generations of visitors
to build their own connections to America's remarkable places, where they can be
active and inspired."



 Since 2008, the National Park Foundation has granted nearly $3.8 million
through its Active Trails program. As of early 2016, Active Trails has engaged
more than 15,000 volunteers and nearly 900 project partners.



 Collaborations between schools, teachers, youth groups, Friends Groups, and
other partner organizations make each grantee's project possible. Examples
include:



     Freedom's Frontier National Heritage Area (Kansas) Students from Topeka,
Kansas will kick-start the development of a heritage trail that spans five miles
through four urban neighborhoods and connects ten heritage sites including Brown
v. Board of Education National Historic Site, two Network to Freedom sites,
multiple National Register of Historic Places sites, the Kansas River National
Water Trail, and a future Oregon-California Trail park. Students will research,
design, and paint interpretive sidewalk murals that depict the historic
connections between each of the heritage sites along the trail. They will also
collect oral histories from cross-generational audiences during a community
event.

     Grand Canyon National Park (Arizona) The park and Grand Canyon School will
host "Phantom Challenge" (named in honor of Phantom Ranch at the base of the
canyon) to encourage underserved community members to get outdoors and explore
the park. The challenge is a race to see who can exercise the length of the
Grand Canyon (277 miles!) over the course of a year. A display board at the
local school will visually track the student miles. They can walk, run,
snowshoe, bike, etc. to get the miles, as long as they do it outside. Each month
the school will host 1-2 weekend activities designed for the community to get
outside together and recreate.

     Katahdin Woods and Waters National Monument (Maine) In partnership with the
Bangor YMCA, the park will offer youth and seniors of eastern Maine a variety of
activities including snowshoeing, hiking, biking, canoeing, trail restoration,
and camping under the stars.

     Little Bighorn Battlefield National Monument (Montana) and Mammoth Cave
National Park (Kentucky) Both parks will implement new "Night Sky" programs. At
Mammoth Cave, the thick forest canopy blocks city lights along the horizon
making nighttime in the park very dark - a rarity in the eastern United States.
Visitors to Little Bighorn can witness the soldiers' last night sky before their
fateful encounter at the Battle of Little Bighorn, and learn how American
Indians would have interpreted the sky in their own cultures.

     War in the Pacific National Historical Park (Guam) This "Discovery" project
will engage at-risk youth in trail and habitat improvement activities to protect
the park's resources and connect them to their heritage. Additionally, the
project will engage a terrestrial biologist and other traditional plant use
experts to develop interpretive signage and an app, and to present at field days
to educate locals and visitors about these vital plant resources.



 The entire list of the 2017 Active Trails recipients can be found here.



 The Active Trails projects are great examples of the countless ways there are
to #FindYourPark. Launched in March 2015, Find Your Park/Encuentra Tu Parque is
a public awareness and education movement to inspire people from all backgrounds
to connect with, celebrate, and support America's national parks and community
-based programs. #FindYourPark invites people to discover and share their own
unique connections to our nation's natural landscapes, vibrant culture, and rich
history.



 The National Park Foundation wishes to thank The Coca-Cola Company and The
Coca-Cola Foundation for their generous support of the Active Trails program.



 ABOUT THE NATIONAL PARK SERVICE

 More than 25,000 National Park Service employees care for America's 414
national parks and work with communities across the nation to help preserve
local history and create close-to-home recreational opportunities. Visit us at
www.nps.gov, on Facebook www.facebook.com /nationalparkservice, Twitter
www.twitter.com /natlparkservice, and YouTube www.youtube.com
/nationalparkservice.



 ABOUT THE NATIONAL PARK FOUNDATION

 The National Park Foundation is the official charity of America's national
parks and nonprofit partner to the National Park Service.  Chartered by Congress
in 1967, the National Park Foundation raises private funds to help PROTECT more
than 84 million acres of national parks through critical conservation and
preservation efforts, CONNECT all Americans with their incomparable natural
landscapes, vibrant culture and rich history, and INSPIRE the next generation of
park stewards. In 2016, commemorating the National Park Service's 100th
anniversary, the Foundation launched The Centennial Campaign for America's
National Parks, a $350 million comprehensive fundraising campaign to strengthen
and enhance the future of these national treasures for the next hundred years.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:

 editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: January 16, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2017 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              653 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                           The Australian (Australia)

                             March 27, 2007 Tuesday
                              NSW Country Edition

Federal funding cuts leave rural users in slow lane

BYLINE: Andrew Colley

SECTION: FEATURES; IT Today / Computers; Pg. 31

LENGTH: 705  words


Infrastructure

THE federal Government is on a collision course with South Australian
politicians over its decision to cut funding to a key regional broadband
development program.

SA Science and Information Economy Minister Paul Caica is seeking an urgent
meeting with Communications Minister Helen Coonan in a bid to save eight
state-sponsored broadband programs endangered by changes to the federal
Broadband Connect regional internet subsidy scheme.

Mr Ciaca ''is very concerned about the impact of the change in the federal
Government's broadband infrastructure policy, particularly its impact on halting
the delivery of services to South Australians in regional and remote areas'', a
spokeswoman for the minister said.

The SA Government has spent $7 million and put five years into working with
local councils and regional development groups to get its wireless broadband
projects off the ground.

Mr Ciaca had written to Senator Coonan seeking an urgent meeting to ensure that
the rollout of broadband to these communities was not jeopardised and could
recommence as soon as possible, she said.

The state Government had planned to give three internet companies financial
incentives to supply wireless broadband in nine underserved parts of the state,
but only one network was completed -- in the Coorong -- and the success of the
remaining eight projects was underpinned by the Broadband Connect program.

Earlier this month, the federal Government closed Broadband Connect three months
early and revealed that its replacement, the $162.5 million Australian Broadband
Guarantee, would cut grants for wireless providers by more than half.

Adelaide-based Agile Internode, chosen by Broadband SA to build networks in
seven parts of the state, immediately withdrew from negotiations to build five
of them. It also stopped connecting customers to two wireless networks it had
completed, in the Yorke Peninsula and the Coorong.

Two more providers, Amcom and Broadband Anywhere, also abandoned their projects
mid-stream.

Agile regional broadband project manager Kym Cleggett said: ''Nobody in their
right mind would build under the Australian Broadband Guarantee because there's
nothing in it for us. The cost of connecting the customer is effectively more
than the cost of the subsidy, which leaves you nothing to build the network.''

The Broadband Guarantee was intended to provide stopgap funding while the
federal Government cut over from its $400 million Broadband Connect ISP
incentive program to its successor, the $600 million Broadband Connect
Infrastructure Program.

Broadband Connect enabled wireless operators to claim up to $3300 from the
government for every resident they connected to broadband outside ISDN areas.

The fund ran out of money about two weeks ago, prompting the Department of
Communications and IT to make a quick announcement of the Broadband Guarantee.

However, that program limits grants to ISPs, with the exception of satellite
operators, to a maximum of $1100 regardless of where they've rolled out
services.

The changes infuriated wireless internet operators, which argued that Broadband
Connect was designed to give them a business model to operate in unprofitable
areas and the Broadband Guarantee changes undermine that.

Last week 20 service providers met MPs and department officials to discuss the
changes.

Mr Cleggett said Internode had invested $800,000 in the Coorong and Yorke
networks and the SA Government had put up an additional $600,000.

Broadband SA's stillborn plan involved giving Broadband Connect providers grants
of up to $1.2 million each to build regional networks.

Internode had begun work on networks in the Murrayland and Riverland, and was
negotiating with regional development bodies in the Adelaide Hills, Flerieu,
Adelaide Plains and Limestone Coast.

Two other SA providers have also been caught by the changes. Amcom had completed
a network in the Barossa region and Broadband Anywhere had been awarded
preferred provider status in the Eyre Peninsula.

Broadband Anywhere regional business development manager Rob Seymour said the
Eyre Peninsula program was the biggest on Broadband SA's books. It was expected
to attract $1.2 million in state grants and about $3 million from private
investors.

LOAD-DATE: March 26, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

MATP

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: AUS


                   Copyright 2007 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              654 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                                  Western Mail

                           October 12, 2004, Tuesday

FARMING CONNECT GRANTS PASS POUNDS 20M MARK FOR 1,500 PROJECTS

SECTION: First Edition; NEWS; Pg. 6

LENGTH: 369 words


More than pounds 20m in grants has already been committed to projects aimed at
securing farm businesses in Wales through Farming Connect, Countryside Minister
Carwyn Jones has announced.

This will generate a total investment in the infrastructure of the Welsh farming
industry of more than pounds 54m.

Farm Improvement Grant and Farm Enterprise Grant, which have been available
through Farming Connect since September 2001, are financed through a combination
of European Objective One funding and the Rural Development Plan for Wales,
together with match-funding from the Welsh Assembly Government.

Mr Jones said, 'Over pounds 20m in grants have now been committed through the
Farm Improvement and Enterprise schemes to more than 1,500 projects around
Wales.

'I am very pleased that farming families have been able to take advantage of
this opportunity.

'The very high take-up of the grants has demonstrated that many farm businesses
are addressing the challenges of Common Agricultural Policy reform, and reacting
to an increasingly competitive global market by investing for the future.

'One of the most encouraging aspects of the take-up of these grants is that more
than 73% have been awarded to farm businesses with a young person in the
partnership.

'Many of the projects will also provide substantial benefits in terms of
environmental improvements and animal welfare benefits on farm as well as
supporting the rural economy.'

Although most of the available funding for these grants has now been committed,
around pounds 2m has yet to be allocated in the Objective One area.

Grant applications will be assessed in strict date order and applications that
pass the assessment process will be offered grant funding until both schemes are
fully committed.

Mr Jones also said that priority would be given to applications from farmers who
had yet to receive any funding previously from either grant.

And he urged farm businesses that have accepted a grant offer to complete their
projects and submit their claims to the National Assembly within two years of
the date of approval of their project or as set out in the schedule of works
included in their application.

LOAD-DATE: October 12, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Newspaper

                    Copyright 2004 Western Mail and Echo Ltd


                              655 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            July 20, 2016 Wednesday

Washington: HUD AWARDS $75 MILLION TO HELP LOW-INCOME RESIDENTS RECEIVE JOB
TRAINING AND EMPLOYMENT

LENGTH: 605  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development has issued the
following news release:



 The U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development (HUD) today awarded $75
million to help families living in public housing and those participating in
HUD's Housing Choice Voucher Program connect with services to further their
education, find good jobs, and to set them on a path to self-sufficiency. Read
more about the local impact of the grants announced today.





 Funded through HUD's Family Self-Sufficiency Program (FSS), these grants allow
public housing agencies (PHAs) to work with social service agencies, community
colleges, businesses, and other local partners to help public housing residents
and individuals participating in HUD's Housing Choice Voucher Program advance
their education or gain marketable skills that will help them get a job or
advance in their current workplace. As of Fiscal Year 2015, recipients of
Project-Based Rental Assistance are also eligible to participate in the program.




 "Connecting folks to jobs is an important part of HUD's mission as the
Department of Opportunity," said HUD Secretary Juli&aacute;n Castro. "By linking
people to computer access, job training, childcare, and ultimately financial
empowerment, these grants help people who are ready to compete and succeed in
the workplace. HUD is proud to give them these tools for self-sufficiency."



 HUD's FSS Program helps local public housing authorities hire service
coordinators who work directly with residents to connect them with programs and
services that already exist in the local community. These Service Coordinators
build relationships with the network of local service providers so as to more
effectively serve the residents. The program encourages innovative strategies
that link public housing and Housing Choice Voucher assistance with other
resources. This broad spectrum of services will enable participating families to
find jobs, increase earned income, reduce or eliminate the need for rental
and/or welfare assistance, and make progress toward achieving economic
independence and housing self-sufficiency.



 Participants in the program sign a five-year contract that requires the head of
the household to obtain employment and that no member of the FSS family is
receiving cash welfare assistance at the end of the five-year term. Families in
the FSS program have an interest-bearing escrow account established for them.
The amount credited to the family's escrow account is based on increases in the
family's earned income during the term of the FSS contract. If the family
successfully completes its FSS contract, the family receives the escrow funds
that it can use for any purpose, including improving credit scores, paying
educational expenses, or a down-payment on a home.



 The Family Self Sufficiency (FSS) Program is a long-standing resource for
increasing economic security and self-sufficiency among participants. HUD's
Office of Policy Development and Research issued Evaluation of FSS Program:
Prospective Study in 2011 that evaluated the effectiveness of the FSS Program.
Conducted from 2005 to 2009, the study showed that financial benefits are
substantial for participants who remain in and complete the program. An earlier
study found that individuals who participated in the FSS program fared better
financially than those who did not enroll in the program. HUD is currently
conducting a longitudinal study on the program, with the first set of results
expected in 2018.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:

 editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: July 21, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              656 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            March 11, 2015 Wednesday

Washington: FACT SHEET: President Obama Launches New TechHire Initiative

LENGTH: 2673  words

DATELINE: Washington


White House has issued the following news release:

The President and his Administration are focused on promoting middle class
economics to ensure that all Americans can contribute to and benefit from our
American resurgence. Part of that effort requires empowering every American with
the education and training they need to earn higher wages. Today's announcement
is the latest part of that effort: In his remarks to the National League of
Cities, the President will announce his TechHire initiative, including a new
campaign to work with communities to get more Americans rapidly trained for
well-paying technology jobs.

Middle class economics has driven the President from day one, and it is what has
fueled our comeback. On Friday, we learned that our economy created nearly
300,000 new jobs in February. American businesses have now added more than
200,000 jobs a month for the past 12 months, the longest streak of job creation
at that pace in 37 years. All told, over the past five years, our businesses
have created 12 million new jobs.

While we are seeing an economic resurgence, the President has made clear that
there is still work left to do. America has about 5 million open jobs today,
more than at any point since 2001. Over half a million of those job openings are
in information technology fields like software development, network
administration, and cybersecurity- many of which did not even exist just a
decade ago. The average salary in a job that requires information technology
(IT) skills - whether in manufacturing, advertising, retail or banking - is 50
percent higher than the average private-sector American job. Helping more
Americans train and connect to these jobs is a key element of the President's
middle-class economics agenda.

As part of that agenda, TechHire is a bold multi-sector effort and call to
action to empower Americans with the skills they need, through universities and
community colleges but also nontraditional approaches like "coding bootcamps,"
and high-quality online courses that can rapidly train workers for a well-paying
job, often in just a few months. Employers across the United States are in
critical need of talent with these skills. Many of these programs do not require
a four-year degree. Key elements of the initiative include:

Over twenty forward-leaning communities are committing to take action - working
with each other and with national employers - to expand access to tech jobs. To
kick off TechHire, 20 regions, with over 120,000 open technology jobs and more
than 300 employer partners in need of this workforce, are announcing plans to
work together to new ways to recruit and place applicants based on their actual
skills and to create more fast track tech training opportunities. The President
is challenging other communities across the country to follow their lead.

$100 million in new Federal investments to train and connect more workers to a
good job in technology and other in-demand fields. The Administration will
launch a $100 million H-1B grant competition by the Department of Labor to
support innovative approaches to training and successfully employing low-skill
individuals with barriers to training and employment including those with child
care responsibilities, people with disabilities, disconnected youth, and limited
English proficient workers, among others. This grant competition will support
the scaling up of evidence-based strategies such as accelerated learning,
work-based learning, and Registered Apprenticeships.

Private sector boosts tools and resources to support and expand continued
innovation in technology training, with a focus on reaching under-served
populations. Private sector leaders are announcing commitments to provide free
training through online training slots and expanding "coding bootcamps" - which
provide intensive training for well-paying jobs, often in the course of just a
few months - to low-income and underserved Americans including women,
minorities, and veterans across the nation. National organizations are
committing to work with interested cities to share job and skills information,
job-matching tools, and other resources to help support the growth, adoption,
and creation of promising practices across the United States.

Details on the Tech Hire Initiative

The TechHire initiative builds on work communities like Louisville, St. Louis,
Philadelphia, New York City and the State of Delaware are doing to connect more
Americans to well-paying technology jobs through a potent combination of new
tools and training models:

Over twenty forward-leaning communities are committing to take action - with
each other and with national employers - to expand access to tech jobs: The
TechHire initiative will achieve its goals by connecting communities together so
promising ideas happening in one community can be rapidly adopted by other
regions. Today, 21 communities are stepping up and responding to the President's
call-to-action, including:

Louisville New York City Philadelphia Delaware City of Kearney and Buffalo
County, NE
Colorado St. Louis Salt Lake City San Antonio
Los Angeles Minneapolis Kansas City Memphis Rural Eastern Kentucky
Nashville Rochester Detroit San Francisco Albuquerque
Chattanooga Portland

Building on the promising work already underway in their communities, they are
all committing to three actions:

Using data and innovative hiring practices to expand openness to non-traditional
hiring: Having a data-driven assessment of employer demand is critical to
building a successful regional strategy. Communities are committing to work with
employers to build robust data on where they have greatest needs and what skills
they are looking for; communities will work with employers to build willingness
to hire from both nontraditional and traditional training programs; and
communities will work with employers to review -and upgrade -their recruiting
and hiring practices to enable non-traditional hiring.

 Expanding models for training that prepare students in months, not years:
Communities will recruit, incubate and expand accelerated tech learning programs
- such as coding bootcamps and innovative online training - which enable
interested non-tech-experienced students to gain coding skills in months, not
years. These new models also have potential to reaching to a broader set of
students than have traditionally chosen to pursue tech careers. These new
training programs can be run both independently or embedded as part of a local
community college or university education offering.

 Active local leadership to connect people to jobs with hiring on ramp programs:
Communities will build local strategies and partnerships to connect people to
jobs, with steps ranging from investing in and working with industry-trusted
organizations, which will vouch for those who have the skills to do the job but
who may lack the typical profile of degrees and career experience. They will
host local tech community gatherings with engaged employers, attract new
non-traditional training providers to their regions, and bring visibility to
existing local activities such as tech meet-ups, startup co-working spaces or
startup-weekends - which are already in place in most middle-size cities or
encouraging the founding of these groups if they are not available locally.

The Administration is encouraging more communities and employers to follow in
their lead with similar innovative strategies to advance these goals.

Examples of TechHire Community Commitments

St. Louis, MO. A network of over 150 employers in St. Louis' rapidly expanding
innovation ecosystem will build on a successful Mastercard pilot to partner with
local non-profit Launchcode, to build the skills of women and underrepresented
minorities for tech jobs, and will also place 250 apprentices in jobs in 2015 at
employers like Monsanto, CitiBank, Enterprise Rent-a-Car, and Anheuser Busch.

New York City, NY. With employers including Microsoft, Verizon, Goldman Sachs,
Google, and Facebook, the Tech Talent Pipeline is announcing new commitments to
prepare college students in the City University of New York (CUNY) system for
and connect them to paid internship opportunities at local tech companies. NYC
will also expand successful models like the NYC Web Development Fellowship
serving 18-26 year olds without a college degree in partnership with the
Flatiron School.

State of Delaware. The new Delaware TechHire initiative is committing to
training entry-level developers in a new accelerated coding bootcamp and Java
and .Net accelerated community college programs giving financial institutions
and healthcare employers, throughout the state, access to a new cohort of
skilled software talent in a matter of months. JP Morgan Chase, Capital One and
others are committing to placing people trained in these programs this year.

Louisville, KY. Louisville has convened over 20 IT employers as part of the Code
Louisville initiative to train and place new software developers, including
Glowtouch, Appriss, Humana, Zirmed, and Indatus. Louisville will build on this
work in support of the TechHire Initiative: the city will recruit a high-quality
coding bootcamp to Louisville and establish a new partnership between Code
Louisville and local degree granting institutions to further standardize
employer recognition of software development skillsets.

A $100 million competition for innovative approaches to connect Americans with
disabilities, disconnected youth, and others to the fastest path to a good job
in technology and other in-demand fields.

Today the Administration is announcing its commitment to make $100 million
available through the Department of Labor to support innovative approaches to
moving lower skilled workers with barriers to training and employment on the
fastest paths to well-paying information technology and high growth jobs in
industries like healthcare, advanced manufacturing, financial services and other
in-demand sectors. The grant will focus on providing workers the skills for a
pathway to the middle class while providing employers with the skilled
technology workers need to grow and expand. This grant will serve people with
barriers to accessing training including people with childcare responsibilities,
people with disabilities, people with limited English proficiency, and
disconnected youth, among others. It will serve both unemployed and low skilled
front line workers.

Grants will pilot and scale innovative partnerships between employers, workforce
boards, training institutions, non-profit organizations, and cities and states
across the country. These partnerships will support the implementation of
job-driven training strategies to help workers complete basic and technical
skills training using evidence-based strategies such as accelerated learning,
work-based learning and Registered Apprenticeships. A solicitation for
applications for these partnerships will be available this fall and awards will
be made next year. These grants will be financed by a user fee paid by employers
to bring foreign workers into the United States under the H-1B nonimmigrant visa
program.

Private sector leaders are announcing tools and resources to scale continued
innovation in technology training, with a focus on reaching under-served
populations.

Expanding accelerated models for training in months not years:

A group of 10 bootcamps are jointly announcing a shared, third-party validated
format for annually publishing completion and employment outcomes to help
continue to drive innovation in the bootcamp model.

The accelerated training providers Dev Bootcamp, Hack Reactor, Microsoft,
Treehouse Island, Inc., and Udacity will all be expanding free or discounted
training slots for underserved communities and individuals.

General Assembly will work with community colleges, other training providers,
and employers with the aim of further standardizing web development training
 .
 Flatiron School, Hackbright Academy, and Rural Sourcing are announcing they
will provide pro bono consulting to help interested communities expand and
improve training.

Cisco will provide select individuals interested in career opportunities in IT
with free access to online IT networking skills including hundreds of online
training assets.

Support for local leaders:

Opportunity@Work, a national civic enterprise that is launching at New America
today, will aim to connect policy to action and will collaborate with private
and philanthropic partners to create freely available tools to scale-up employer
commitments to inclusive hiring practices, to facilitate a nationwide learning
network for communities, and to create new financing to help lower-income
Americans be trained and placed into technology jobs.

Capital One, through its FutureEdge initiative, a $150 million effort that will
help increase tech skills and hiring, will collaborate with Opportunity@Work to
provide support tailored to the needs of communities.

#YesWeCode commits to delivering $10 million in scholarships for 2,000
underserved minorities across the nation, to attend coding bootcamps over the
next ten years.

Using data and innovative hiring practices to expand hiring to include
non-traditional training paths:

CEB will develop their own best practices playbook for employers with guidance
to private and public employers on how to recruit tech talent from
non-traditional sources as well as free labor market snapshots from CEB Talent
Neuron for select communities to surface talent supply-demand gaps.

LinkedIn will provide free data about the supply and demand of IT skills to
communities to help them identify shortages and focus training resources on
skills most in-demand.

Knack will for the first time make its aptitude test technology available free
of charge to employers, communities, and accelerated training providers that are
launching inclusive training and hiring campaigns aimed at underserved
minorities, women, and veterans.

A complete list of private sector commitments can be found here.

The President's Agenda to Create Pathways to the Middle-Class Through
High-Quality, Job-Driven Training. TechHire is part of the President's broader
agenda to invest in job-driven training:

Vice-President Biden's Job-Driven Training Review. The President's TechHire
initiative builds on the job-driven training review that the President asked the
Vice President to lead in the 2013 State of the Union. Amongst other findings,
the Vice President's review identified information technology generally and
cybersecurity in particular as an emerging area of growth that requires
job-driven training strategies to meet business needs and provide more workers
with a path to the middle class.

VA Accelerated Learning Competition. To ensure that Veterans can take full
advantage of innovative learning models, VA will apply $10M in innovation
funding to leverage accelerated learning and test its effectiveness for
transitioning Servicemembers and Veterans over the next two years. VA will
concentrate this initiative in communities where conditions are conducive for VA
to provide industry-specific and place-based support to Veterans and
transitioning Servicemembers

American Apprenticeship Grant Competition. Last year, DOL opened a $100 million
competition to spur partnerships between employers, labor, training providers,
and local governments to expand apprenticeships into high-growth fields like
information technology and scale models that work. The deadline for this
application is April 30, 2015, and more information is available at the Grants.
gov application page.

Information Technology Industry-Credentialing partnerships. The President's
FY2016 budget proposes $300 million to fund IT jobs partnerships between
regional employers to develop and adopt assessments and credentials that will
give more people the chance to qualify for a better, higher-paying tech job
regardless of their pedigree.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: March 12, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              657 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            August 2, 2014 Saturday

Agriculture Chairwoman Stabenow Announces Grant for Grand Valley State
University to Support Rural Entrepreneurship Training in Isabella and Bay
Counties

LENGTH: 335  words

DATELINE: Washington


Office of the Senator Debbie Stabenow, U.S Government has issued the following
news release:

U.S. Senator Debbie Stabenow, Chairwoman of the Senate Committee on Agriculture,
Nutrition and Forestry, today announced support for Grand Valley State
University to lead two Rural-Focused Agricultural Innovation and
Entrepreneurship training programs in Bay and Isabella Counties. This support,
made available through the U.S. Department of Agriculture's Rural Business
Enterprise Grant Program, will be used to help bring entrepreneurship workshops
to rural communities.

"Today's announcement is great news for Grand Valley State University and rural
entrepreneurs in Bay and Isabella counties," said Stabenow. "These agricultural
innovation workshops will help connect entrepreneurs to vital resources and give
them the tools to succeed."

"Senator Stabenow, United States Department of Agricultural and Rural
Development State Director Jim Turner, and others who have supported this
project join us in recognizing the great economic potential in Michigan's
agricultural sector," said Grand Valley State University Project Manager Julie
Cowie. "This effort offers practical lean startup tools and connections to
Michigan's entrepreneur ecosystem to the innovators and entrepreneurs who have
much to offer rural economies."

Grand Valley State University will receive $30,375 to implement workshops that
spur rural enterprise development and job creation in rural communities across
Isabella and Bay Counties. These programs will connect entrepreneurs to economic
development resources, technology, and start-up training to help them
commercialize their products and ideas.

Stabenow sent a letter of support in March urging USDA Secretary Tom Vilsack to
consider Grand Valley State University's grant application. Stabenow is
Chairwoman of the Senate Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition and Forestry, which
has jurisdiction over rural development projects.

For further information please visit: http://www.stabenow.senate.gov

LOAD-DATE: October 31, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              658 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                         Brattleboro Reformer (Vermont)

                              July 26, 2015 Sunday

New trail will connect West Brattleboro neigborhoods

BYLINE: By Howard Weiss-Tisman hwtisman@reformer.com @HowardReformer on Twitter

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 618 words


WEST BRATTLEBORO   Plans proceed along rather slowly with the town's
Conservation Commission.

It was more than two years ago when the commission first started talking about a
new trail connecting the town-owned Stockwell Park off of Stockwell Drive, with
Western Avenue and Greenleaf Street, Conservation Commission Chairman Peter
Gaskill said.

But while the Conservation Commission might not rush projects through, it does
move them along, and the proposed trail running through a wooded section of West
Brattleboro looks like it will soon be open to the public.

The Brattleboro Conservation Commission was recently awarded a $450 Tiny Grant
from the Association of Vermont Conservation Commissions, a statewide
organization that supports mapping, trail development and outdoor recreation in
municipalities.

The money will allow the Brattleboro Conservation Commission to develop the
trail and set up a kiosk, both of which Gaskill hopes to have open before
winter.

"It's a nice little get-away," said Gaskill. "It seemed like a good idea to give
people an option to get out and walk and connect different neighborhoods."

The new trail will extend from the existing trail within Stockwell Park and run
through two private parcels, after the Conservation Commission received
permission from the land owners.

The trail will reach Western Avenue, just west of Ames Hill Brook, and come out
of Greenleaf Street through land owned by the Brattleboro Area Jewish Community.

The proposed path includes one crossing of Ames Hill Brook, and two steep
sections.

Gaskill said the discussions about the new trail started after the town began
talking about selling some of the land around Stockwell Park. The Conservation
Commission, at the time, made an argument for preserving recreation space.

The land sale never happened and now, more than two years later, a new trail is
proposed for the land.

"This is happening thanks to a collaboration between the town and private land
owners," Gaskill said. "The whole idea behind the Conservation Commission is to
get people outside and appreciate what we have in town and this trail is going
to give people one more reason to do that."

The Association of Vermont Conservation Commissions gives out small grants of
between $400 and $500 to support projects that encourage outdoor recreation.
Brattleboro was one of five towns that won a grant this year.

"We are proud to be able to help advance, in a small way, conservation projects
identified and carried out by local conservation commissions," said AVCC
Chairman Jake Brown. "Supporting this sort of work is what AVCC is all about."

The trail will help connect the center of West Brattleboro village with both
Stockwell Park, where the town's community gardens are located, as well as with
the Carriage Hill, Country Hill, Greenleaf Street and Green Meadow neighborhoods
Town Planner Sue Fillion said.

"One of the ideas we had was that if we had this trail, more people could use
the park from the village," Fillion said. "We have a town-owned park and this
seemed like a good way to connect with a neighborhood and get more people to use
it."

Fillion said the Stockwell Trail will soon become a part of the town's growing
network of public trails.

The Brattleboro Area Trails Map and Guide includes miles of trails near
downtown, as well as in the immediate area, including on Mount Wantastiquet in
New Hampshire and in nearby Vernon and Guilford.

The town's trail map and guide is available on the town's web site,
www.brattleboro.org .

For information on the Conservation Commission, or to help volunteer creating
the new Stockwell Trail contact Gaskill at petergaskill44@gmail.com

Howard Weiss-Tisman can be contacted ay 802-254-2311 ext. 279.

LOAD-DATE: July 27, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Peter Gaskill, co-chair of the Brattleboro Conservation Committee,
stands on a log crossing the Ames Brook where a future trail will follow.
Peter Gaskill, co-chair of the Brattleboro Conservation Committee, walks along
the a trail next to the Ames Brook that will be starting at Stonewell Park.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


   Copyright 2015 MediaNews Group, Inc. and New England Newspaper Group Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              659 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       The Journal-News (Hamilton, Ohio)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                             July 21, 2016 Thursday

New program designed to help troubled Middletown youths

BYLINE: Wayne Baker, Journal-News, Hamilton, Ohio

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 445 words


July 21--A new program at the Robert "Sonny" Hill Jr. Community Center aims to
not only help juvenile offenders meet their probation requirements, but to also
teach them life skills.

Adolescent Community Treatment Services program -- or ACTS -- is the brainchild
of Jason Groves, a licensed chemical dependency counselor.

Groves has been working at Community Behavioral Health, based in Middletown, for
several years and helped establish the Youth Intervention Program last fall,
which so far has worked with more than 900 students in area school districts, he
said.

ACTS will work with the probation department to help youths ages 14-18 fulfill
their community service obligations and connect with treatment services and
social service agencies to teach the teens life skills.

"We teach them resume writing, job skills and we have guest speakers come in --
to basically give them a better shot of being successful and not to add to the
recidivism rate for the juvenile probation they are on," Groves said.

Participants in the 10-week program will meet twice a week for four hours,
according to Groves.

Verlena Stewart, director of the Robert "Sonny" Hill Jr. Community Center, said
Groves' program will be a good fit with other offerings at the center and needs
in the community.

"The community center has historically been a place for young people to come and
have a safe place to have recreation and have meals and get after school
tutelage and those type of services, so we thought it would be a good fit," she
said.

The city of Middletown awarded the center a $29,200 Community Development Block
Grant that will help fund the new program.

"(The grant) allowed us to have an evening program here at the center and
allowed us to hire two people, and the ACTS program will be a big part of that,"
Stewart said.

The ACTS program will help youth with life skills in general, "like how to job
seek and how to dress for work," Stewart said. "It will also teach these kids
some communication skills as well as how to treat each other."

The program's organizer also hopes to reach youths before they enter the
juvenile justice system.

Groves plans to partner with Middletown Schools to reach at-risk youth.

"We will be working with the court to help kids deal with their community
service mandates and with the Middletown school system's counselors that have
targeted at-risk kids that have not had contact with the court yet," he said.
"We want to connect with them before they get on that path."

The program is slated to begin Aug. 15.

___ (c)2016 the Journal-News (Hamilton, Ohio) Visit the Journal-News (Hamilton,
Ohio) at www.journal-news.com Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: July 22, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20160721-HL-New-program-designed-to-help-troubled-Middletown-youths-0721-2016072
1

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: HL


                        Copyright 2016 The Journal-News


                              660 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                Sentinel & Enterprise (Fitchburg, Massachusetts)

                            November 3, 2006 Friday

Water waits on Page's Beach

BYLINE: By Alexandra Perloe

SECTION: LOCAL

LENGTH: 616 words


ASHBURNHAM -- About 40 percent of homes in the Page's Beach neighborhood have
not yet hooked up to a newly installed water line, which is delaying the town
from shutting off the old line and could exacerbate problems this winter, a
local planning official said Thursday.

The town had planned to stop running water through the old pipes on Nov. 1,
according to Shelly Hatch, director of community development at the Montachusett
Regional Planning Commission.

"But we can't do that until everybody is hooked up to the new line," she said.

The neighborhood contains about 70 homes, she said.

Residents may experience water-flow problems if they stay connected to the old
line during the winter, Hatch said, because many homes have already switched to
the new line.

"If not enough homes are using the water in that old line, they're not sucking
it into their homes. It could be sitting out on the road, and it could freeze,"
she said.

The MRPC administrated a community development block grant through the state
Department of Housing and Community Development. The grant paid for work this
summer that replaced a two-inch PVC pipe with a six-inch iron pipe, Hatch said.

The homes used to be summer cottages, and the previous water line had been
installed haphazardly by residents, said Lora McEvoy, who lives on Wood Path, a
road right near the water at Page's Beach.

"Behind me here, they keep a hose running all winter so the pipes won't freeze,"
McEvoy said Thursday, standing at the door of her home. A morning shower is
often only a trickle, she said, because everyone in the neighborhood is trying
to use the water.

Some families were upset that the state grant didn't pay to connect their homes
to the new pipe, McEvoy said. But she said she always understood that homeowners
generally pay for work done on their own property.

She said the expense might be holding some families up from plugging into the
new system.

She hasn't had her home hooked up to the new water line yet, but a contractor is
scheduled to do so next week, she said.

The connections could cost homeowners between $1,000 and $3,000, depending on
the house's distance from the road, Hatch said.

McEvoy said part of her delay involved applying for a grant that helped her
family pay for the hookup.

Families that were income-eligible could apply for this assistance, Hatch said.
Thirteen households applied, but only five followed through with the entire
application process, she said.

McEvoy said it "defeats the purpose" if families don't connect their homes to
the new water line.

She said the old PVC pipe often cracks, which brings water onto the road. She
pointed to an ankle-deep puddle larger than the size of a car that she said had
formed that day. Similar murky pools were visible throughout the neighborhood.

A neighbor echoed McEvoy, and said some people were upset about the cost of
tying into the new water line.

"It wasn't cheap," said Lynn Litwiller, who has connected to the new water pipe.
"There were a lot of costs that people weren't expecting."

She was surprised to hear that 40 percent of homes hadn't tied into the new
system yet.

"I know that all of us here are hooked up," she said, pointing to the few homes
surrounding hers on Wood Path.

"I don't think it's a matter of people not doing it, I think it's a matter of
people procrastinating," she said.

Hatch said she didn't know if and when the town would turn off water in the old
line. She said she also didn't know how the plans to repave the roads at Page's
Beach would be affected by the delay.

"We can't pave and then dig up that new pavement if there are freezes in the
pipes," Hatch said.

Water/Sewer Superintendent James Zarozinski could not be reached Thursday.

LOAD-DATE: November 3, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


      Copyright 2006 MediaNews Group, Inc. and Mid-States Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              661 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                  Bucks Herald

                           September 29, 2014 Monday

£11m Western Link Road opens to the public tomorrow

BYLINE: Becca Choules

LENGTH: 268  words


The Western Link Road which connects Aylesbury's two newest housing estates will
open to motorists tomorrow after more than a year in construction.

The ribbon will be cut on the 2.9km road - which connects the A41 at Berryfields
with the A413 at Buckingham Park - and motorists will be able to used it from
midday tomorrow.

Work on the project began in June last year, and was completed by Kier
Infrastructure and Overseas Ltd on behalf of the Berryfields Consortium of
developers, which includes Taylor Wimpey South Midlands, Martin Grant Homes,
Kier Living and Banner Homes which have funded the new road.

The team spent more than 160,000 working hours on the project, which has been
nominated for a Green Apple award for environmental best practice.

Project manager for the consortium Stuart Grant said: "The opening of the
Western Link Road is a major milestone for the growing community of Berryfields.

"The road will provide a link to Buckingham Park and will connect Berryfields to
the wider road network, offering increased convenience to our residents.

"Our new community is continuing to grow and thrive, and I'm sure residents will
agree with me that these are exciting times for everyone at Berryfields."

Bucks County Council cabinet member for transport Ruth Vigor-Hedderly said: "The
Western Link Road will do a great deal to help relieve pressure on routes in and
around Aylesbury, which is good news for residents getting around town.

"Also good news is the shared use cycleway along the link road, which will
eventually give cyclists from the estates a new route to Aylesbury Vale Parkway
station."

LOAD-DATE: September 29, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: MCBH


                       Copyright 2014 Johnston Press Plc
                              All Rights Reserved


                              662 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                Bowen Independent (North Queensland, Australia)

                            April 11, 2012 Wednesday
                                  1 - Edition

collinsville $250,000 to help convert old hospital

BYLINE: Greg Buckler

SECTION: FEATURES; Pg. 18

LENGTH: 316 words


COUNCIL has received $250,000 from the State Government for its Collinsville
Connect Project to establish a community hub at the old hospital buildings.

The Local Government Grants and Subsidies Program grant will assist in the
refurbishment and the revitalisation of the old hospital and outpatients and
administration building council acquired from Queensland Health.

Chief executive officer John Finlay said the $253,520 would fund 40 per cent of
the total project cost.

"The remainder will be met by council.

Cr Peter Ramage said the grant was fantastic news.

``Blue Diamond Construction has been appointed as the project manager,'' he
said.

Cr Ramage said construction was expected to start next week.

Mr Finlay said council had undertaken a community consultation process,
resulting in a business case in support of the project.

The Connect Project functions at the site include:

* Collinsville Community Centre, which offers various government agency services
and will be an information point for government services, etc:

* Provide a central place for the collection of information for new residents of
Collinsville;

* Consulting rooms which could be used by both public and private consultants
for various medical and allied health services, and private consulting rooms for
other suitably qualified professionals;

* Collinsville Historical Society Interpretive Centre and associated display
(both internal and external);

* Information centre for the distribution of community information;

* Public meeting space for all members of the community - community groups,
mother's groups, the elderly, socially disadvantaged and isolated and indigenous
and non-indigenous individuals, and groups to congregate. This space will allow
for and promote enhanced community interaction.

Mr Finlay said there was overwhelming support for council to obtain and
refurbish the building.

greg.buckler@bigpond.com

4785 5546

LOAD-DATE: April 10, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: BOW


                   Copyright 2012 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              663 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                              March 9, 2015 Monday

Washington: FACT SHEET: President Obama Launches New TechHire Initiative

LENGTH: 2672  words

DATELINE: Washington


U.S. Department of Labor, The Government of USA has issued the following news
release:

The President and his Administration are focused on promoting middle class
economics to ensure that all Americans can contribute to and benefit from our
American resurgence. Part of that effort requires empowering every American with
the education and training they need to earn higher wages. Today's announcement
is the latest part of that effort: In his remarks to the National League of
Cities, the President will announce his TechHire initiative, including a new
campaign to work with communities to get more Americans rapidly trained for
well-paying technology jobs.

Middle class economics has driven the President from day one, and it is what has
fueled our comeback. On Friday, we learned that our economy created nearly
300,000 new jobs in February. American businesses have now added more than
200,000 jobs a month for the past 12 months, the longest streak of job creation
at that pace in 37 years. All told, over the past five years, our businesses
have created 12 million new jobs.

While we are seeing an economic resurgence, the President has made clear that
there is still work left to do. America has about 5 million open jobs today,
more than at any point since 2001. Over half a million of those job openings are
in information technology fields like software development, network
administration, and cybersecurity -- many of which did not even exist just a
decade ago. The average salary in a job that requires information technology
(IT) skills -- whether in manufacturing, advertising, retail or banking -- is 50
percent higher than the average private-sector American job. Helping more
Americans train and connect to these jobs is a key element of the President's
middle-class economics agenda.

As part of that agenda, TechHire is a bold multi-sector effort and call to
action to empower Americans with the skills they need, through universities and
community colleges but also nontraditional approaches like "coding boot camps,"
and high-quality online courses that can rapidly train workers for a well-paying
job, often in just a few months. Employers across the United States are in
critical need of talent with these skills. Many of these programs do not require
a four-year degree. Key elements of the initiative include:

Over 20 forward-leaning communities are committing to take action -- working
with each other and with national employers -- to expand access to tech jobs. To
kick off TechHire, 20 regions, with over 120,000 open technology jobs and more
than 300 employer partners in need of this workforce, are announcing plans to
work together to new ways to recruit and place applicants based on their actual
skills and to create more fast track tech training opportunities. The President
is challenging other communities across the country to follow their lead.
 $100 million in new Federal investments to train and connect more workers to a
good job in technology and other in-demand fields. The Administration will
launch a $100 million H-1B grant competition by the Department of Labor to
support innovative approaches to training and successfully employing low-skill
individuals with barriers to training and employment including those with child
care responsibilities, people with disabilities, disconnected youth, and limited
English proficient workers, among others. This grant competition will support
the scaling up of evidence-based strategies such as accelerated learning,
work-based learning, and Registered Apprenticeships.
 Private sector boosts tools and resources to support and expand continued
innovation in technology training, with a focus on reaching under-served
populations. Private sector leaders are announcing commitments to provide free
training through online training slots and expanding "coding boot camps" --
which provide intensive training for well-paying jobs, often in the course of
just a few months -- to low-income and underserved Americans including women,
minorities, and veterans across the nation. National organizations are
committing to work with interested cities to share job and skills information,
job-matching tools, and other resources to help support the growth, adoption,
and creation of promising practices across the nation.

Details on the Tech Hire Initiative

The TechHire initiative builds on work communities like Louisville, St. Louis,
Philadelphia, New York City and the State of Delaware are doing to connect more
Americans to well-paying technology jobs through a potent combination of new
tools and training models:

Over 20 forward-leaning communities are committing to take action -- with each
other and with national employers -- to expand access to tech jobs: The TechHire
initiative will achieve its goals by connecting communities together so
promising ideas happening in one community can be rapidly adopted by other
regions. Today, 21 communities are stepping up and responding to the President's
call-to-action, including:

Albuquerque, N.M.


Los Angeles, Calif.


Portland, Ore.

Chattanooga, Tenn.


Louisville, Ky.


Rochester, N.Y.

City of Kearny and Buffalo County, NE


Memphis, Tenn.


Rural Eastern Kentucky

Colorado


Minneapolis, Minn.


Salt Lake City, Utah

Delaware


Nashville, Tenn.


San Antonio, Texas

Detroit, Mich.


New York, N.Y.


San Francisco, Calif.

Kansas City, Mo.


Philadelphia, Pa.


St. Louis, Mo.

Building on the promising work already underway in their communities, they are
all committing to three actions:

Using data and innovative hiring practices to expand openness to non-traditional
hiring: Having a data-driven assessment of employer demand is critical to
building a successful regional strategy. Communities are committing to work with
employers to build robust data on where they have greatest needs and what skills
they are looking for; communities will work with employers to build willingness
to hire from both nontraditional and traditional training programs; and
communities will work with employers to review -and upgrade -their recruiting
and hiring practices to enable non-traditional hiring.
 Expanding models for training that prepare students in months, not years:
Communities will recruit, incubate and expand accelerated tech learning programs
-- such as coding boot camps and innovative online training -- which enable
interested non-tech-experienced students to gain coding skills in months, not
years. These new models also have potential to reaching to a broader set of
students than have traditionally chosen to pursue tech careers. These new
training programs can be run both independently or embedded as part of a local
community college or university education offering.
 Active local leadership to connect people to jobs with hiring on ramp programs:
Communities will build local strategies and partnerships to connect people to
jobs, with steps ranging from investing in and working with industry-trusted
organizations, which will vouch for those who have the skills to do the job but
who may lack the typical profile of degrees and career experience. They will
host local tech community gatherings with engaged employers, attract new
non-traditional training providers to their regions, and bring visibility to
existing local activities such as tech meet-ups, startup co-working spaces or
startup-weekends - which are already in place in most middle-size cities or
encouraging the founding of these groups if they are not available locally.

The Administration is encouraging more communities and employers to follow in
their lead with similar innovative strategies to advance these goals.

Examples of TechHire Community Commitments

St. Louis, MO. A network of over 150 employers in St. Louis' rapidly expanding
innovation ecosystem will build on a successful MasterCard pilot to partner with
local non-profit Launchcode, to build the skills of women and underrepresented
minorities for tech jobs, and will also place 250 apprentices in jobs in 2015 at
employers like Monsanto, Citibank, Enterprise Rent-a-Car, and Anheuser Busch.
 New York City, NY. With employers including Microsoft, Verizon, Goldman Sachs,
Google, and Facebook, the Tech Talent Pipeline is announcing new commitments to
prepare college students in the City University of New York (CUNY) system for
and connect them to paid internship opportunities at local tech companies. NYC
will also expand successful models like the NYC Web Development Fellowship
serving 18-26 year olds without a college degree in partnership with the
Flatiron School.
 State of Delaware. The new Delaware TechHire initiative is committing to
training entry-level developers in a new accelerated coding boot camp and Java
and .Net accelerated community college programs giving financial institutions
and healthcare employers, throughout the state, access to a new cohort of
skilled software talent in a matter of months. Capital One, JP Morgan Chase and
others are committing to placing people trained in these programs this year.
 Louisville, KY. Louisville has convened over 20 IT employers as part of the
Code Louisville initiative to train and place new software developers, including
GlowTouch, Appriss, Humana, ZirMed, and Indatus. Louisville will build on this
work in support of the TechHire Initiative: the city will recruit a high-quality
coding boot camp to Louisville and establish a new partnership between Code
Louisville and local degree granting institutions to further standardize
employer recognition of software development skillsets.

A $100 million competition for innovative approaches to connect Americans with
disabilities, disconnected youth, and others to the fastest path to a good job
in technology and other in-demand fields.

Today the Administration is announcing its commitment to make $100 million
available through the Department of Labor to support innovative approaches to
moving lower skilled workers with barriers to training and employment on the
fastest paths to well-paying information technology and high growth jobs in
industries like healthcare, advanced manufacturing, financial services and other
in-demand sectors. The grant will focus on providing workers the skills for a
pathway to the middle class while providing employers with the skilled
technology workers need to grow and expand. This grant will serve people with
barriers to accessing training including people with childcare responsibilities,
people with disabilities, people with limited English proficiency, and
disconnected youth, among others. It will serve both unemployed and low skilled
front line workers.

Grants will pilot and scale innovative partnerships between employers, workforce
boards, training institutions, non-profit organizations, and cities and states
across the country. These partnerships will support the implementation of
job-driven training strategies to help workers complete basic and technical
skills training using evidence-based strategies such as accelerated learning,
work-based learning and Registered Apprenticeships. A solicitation for
applications for these partnerships will be available this fall and awards will
be made next year. These grants will be financed by a user fee paid by employers
to bring foreign workers into the United States under the H-1B nonimmigrant visa
program.

Private sector leaders are announcing tools and resources to scale continued
innovation in technology training, with a focus on reaching under-served
populations.

Expanding accelerated models for training in months not years:

A group of 10 boot camps are jointly announcing a shared, third-party validated
format for annually publishing completion and employment outcomes to help
continue to drive innovation in the boot camp model.
 The accelerated training providers Dev Bootcamp, Hack Reactor, Microsoft,
Treehouse Island, Inc., and Udacity will all be expanding free or discounted
training slots for underserved communities and individuals.
 General Assembly will work with community colleges, other training providers,
and employers with the aim of further standardizing web development training.
 Flatiron School, Hackbright Academy, and Rural Sourcing are announcing they
will provide pro bono consulting to help interested communities expand and
improve training.
 Cisco will provide select individuals interested in career opportunities in IT
with free access to online IT networking skills including hundreds of online
training assets.

Support for local leaders:

Opportunity@Work, a national civic enterprise that is launching at New America
today, will aim to connect policy to action and will collaborate with private
and philanthropic partners to create freely available tools to scale-up employer
commitments to inclusive hiring practices, to facilitate a nationwide learning
network for communities, and to create new financing to help lower-income
Americans be trained and placed into technology jobs.
 Capital One, through its FutureEdge initiative, a $150 million effort that will
help increase tech skills and hiring, will collaborate with Opportunity@Work to
provide support tailored to the needs of communities.
 #YesWeCode commits to delivering $10 million in scholarships for 2,000
underserved minorities across the nation, to attend coding boot camps over the
next ten years.

Using data and innovative hiring practices to expand hiring to include
non-traditional training paths:

CEB will develop their own best practices playbook for employers with guidance
to private and public employers on how to recruit tech talent from
non-traditional sources.
 LinkedIn will provide free data about the supply and demand of IT skills to
communities to help them identify shortages and focus training resources on
skills most in-demand.
 Knack will for the first time make its aptitude test technology available free
of charge to employers, communities, and accelerated training providers that are
launching inclusive training and hiring campaigns aimed at underserved
minorities, women, and veterans.

A complete list of private sector commitments can be found here.

The President's Agenda to Create Pathways to the Middle-Class Through
High-Quality, Job-Driven Training. TechHire is part of the President's broader
agenda to invest in job-driven training:

Vice-President Biden's Job-Driven Training Review. The President's TechHire
initiative builds on the job-driven training review that the President asked the
Vice President to lead in the 2013 State of the Union. Amongst other findings,
the Vice President's review identified information technology generally and
cybersecurity in particular as an emerging area of growth that requires
job-driven training strategies to meet business needs and provide more workers
with a path to the middle class.
 VA Accelerated Learning Competition. To ensure that Veterans can take full
advantage of innovative learning models, VA will apply $10M in innovation
funding to leverage accelerated learning and test its effectiveness for
transitioning Service members and Veterans over the next two years. VA will
concentrate this initiative in communities where conditions are conducive for VA
to provide industry-specific and place-based support to Veterans and
transitioning Service members
 American Apprenticeship Grant Competition. Last year, DOL opened a $100 million
competition to spur partnerships between employers, labor, training providers,
and local governments to expand apprenticeships into high-growth fields like
information technology and scale models that work. The deadline for this
application is April 30, 2015, and more information is available at the Grants.
gov.
 Information Technology Industry-Credentialing partnerships. The President's
FY2016 budget proposes $300 million to fund IT jobs partnerships between
regional employers to develop and adopt assessments and credentials that will
give more people the chance to qualify for a better, higher-paying tech job
regardless of their pedigree.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: March 10, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              664 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                Birmingham Post

                             July 9, 2009 Thursday
                                  1ST Edition

Exhibition to boost mental well-being through art

SECTION: Pg. 41

LENGTH: 262 words


A thought-provoking exhibition on selfimage, identity and perception that
showcase the talents of a young group of adults facing mental health
difficulties goes on display later this month 'Connect Through Art - Standing on
the Mirror's Edge', presented by city-base charity Full Potential Arts (FPA),
will be the second exhibition to profile Birmingham Museum & Art Gallery's new
Community Gallery, which launched in March.

Connect Through Art is also an innovative, arts-based intervention devised by
Deborah Living and developed with FPA, promotes mental well-being through art.
The scheme helps participants to develop the tools to move away from destructive
forms of self-expression and towards constructive and creative forms of
communication.

The group has created images using techniques such as photography, mixed media
and animation to give visitors to the exhibition an insight into their feelings
and experiences.

FPA Chair, Roseanne Crossey, said: "The Community Gallery is a fantastic
platform for the group participants. We are busy developing ideas to engage
visitors and are confident that the exhibition will challenge perceptions of
people with mental health difficulties and help focus more on their abilities."

The Connect Through Art exhibition, that will run from July 18 to November 1, is
funded by Arts Council West Midlands and Heart of Birmingham PCT, through the
Health Exchange's Health and Community Engagement Grants Programme.

Further information about the project and Full Potential Arts can be found at
www.fullpotentialarts.org.uk

LOAD-DATE: July 9, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2009 Midland Independent Newspapers plc
                              All Rights Reserved


                              665 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                    Columbia Basin Herald, Moses Lake, Wash.

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                           February 19, 2015 Thursday

Homeless Task force reports 131 homeless people in Grant County

BYLINE: Tiffany Sukola, Columbia Basin Herald, Moses Lake, Wash.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 439 words


Feb. 19--MOSES LAKE -- There were fewer homeless individuals in the county this
year than there were last year, according to recently released results from the
2015 Point in Time Homeless Count.

Volunteers with the Grant County Homeless Task Force tallied 131 unsheltered
homeless people during their annual count this January. Of those 131, 42 were
children.

A person is considered homeless if they are living outdoors, in a vehicle, in an
abandoned building or in a home or RV without electricity.

During the 2014 count, volunteers tallied 177 homeless individuals. However, in
2013, there were only 65 people counted, according to data from the task force.

The Point in Time count is held in counties across the country every year at the
end of January.

In a previous interview, Steffanie Bonwell, homeless programs supervisor with
the Housing Authority of Grant County, said the count is required to receive
state funding. It also gives the homeless task force a better picture of the
homeless population in Grant County, she said at the time.

The housing authority is one of many agencies and community organizations on the
homeless task force.

Bonwell said this year, 46 volunteers traveled throughout the county during the
count to find homeless residents and hand out supplies including sleeping bags,
tents, food and hygiene packs, clothing and portable heaters.

Of the 131 homeless residents counted this year, 47 were in Moses Lake; 26 in
Royal City; 18 in Mattawa; 17 in Ephrata; 16 in Quincy and George and seven in
Grand Coulee.

In addition to the 131 unsheltered homeless individuals, volunteers counted 45
sheltered homeless residents, or residents who had motel vouchers or who were
staying in an emergency shelter or transitional housing. Volunteers also tallied
64 people who were temporarily staying with family or friends, but they were not
considered homeless for the annual count.

The homeless task force also helped organize the Project Homeless Connect
outreach event again this year. The event was held at Our Lady of Fatima
Catholic Church on the same day as the homeless count.

About 70 people visited the church that day to take advantage of the hot meals,
free haircuts, showers and clothing and other services provided during the
event. Various agencies and community organizations were also present at Project
Homeless Connect and provided actual services such STD testing, dental care,
health care enrollment, employment information and veteran's services.

___ (c)2015 the Columbia Basin Herald, Wash. Visit the Columbia Basin Herald,
Wash. at www.columbiabasinherald.com Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC

LOAD-DATE: February 20, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20150219-1CO-Homeless-Task-force-reports-131-homeless-people-in-Grant
-County-0219-20150219

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1CO


                      Copyright 2015 Columbia Basin Herald


                              666 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             June 19, 2014 Thursday

Helping craft a vision for the future of Los Angeles

LENGTH: 342  words

DATELINE: Culver City


Antioch University has issued the following news release:

What should the future of Los Angeles look like? AULA has an active voice in
this conversation, thanks in part to a $5,000 grant gifted by LA2050. LA2050 is
an initiative to "create a shared vision for the future of Los Angeles, and to
drive and track progress toward that vision." MA in Urban Sustainability
students Ashley Ortiz and Misty Spicer received the grant to fund their
participation in LA2050Listens, a series of events led by local organizations to
solicit feedback on the draft LA2050 goals from a broad group of Angelenos.

What are these goals? In 36 years, LA2050 aims for Los Angeles to be the best
place to learn, the best place to create, the best place to connect, the best
place to play, and the healthiest place to live. The finalized goals will help
influence LA2050's activities in 2014 and beyond. Ortiz and Spicer - who are
calling their event (AU)LA2050Listens - are excited by the prospect of altering
the future of Los Angeles for the better.

"We are thrilled to have this chance to connect the Antioch Los Angeles
community with the LA2050 initiative to help create a shared vision for a
healthy and sustainable Los Angeles region," says Ortiz.

The (AU)LA2050Listens event will be held at CALO YouthBuild Boyle Heights on
April 27, 2014 from noon to 3:00 p.m. It will include participants from AULA's
Bridge Program, students and faculty from YouthBuild, and the AULA community.
Click here to register for tickets, which are free.

"(AU)LA2050Listens is a student-driven, community-focused opportunity to put our
mouths where our minds are and discuss what we value the most about L.A," says
Spicer. "This event is a real-time record of where we see our city now and where
we want it to go. How can we miss out on that? For me personally, it is a chance
to engage in a tangible way."

LA2050 is a project of the Goldhirsh Foundation, which supports social
innovators and creates events and mission-driven initiatives.

For more information please visit: http://www.antiochla.edu

LOAD-DATE: June 19, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              667 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             April 28, 2014 Monday

Helping craft a vision for the future of Los Angeles

LENGTH: 342  words

DATELINE: Culver City


Antioch University has issued the following news release:

What should the future of Los Angeles look like? AULA has an active voice in
this conversation, thanks in part to a $5,000 grant gifted by LA2050. LA2050 is
an initiative to "create a shared vision for the future of Los Angeles, and to
drive and track progress toward that vision." MA in Urban Sustainability
students Ashley Ortiz and Misty Spicer received the grant to fund their
participation in LA2050Listens, a series of events led by local organizations to
solicit feedback on the draft LA2050 goals from a broad group of Angelenos.

What are these goals? In 36 years, LA2050 aims for Los Angeles to be the best
place to learn, the best place to create, the best place to connect, the best
place to play, and the healthiest place to live. The finalized goals will help
influence LA2050's activities in 2014 and beyond. Ortiz and Spicer - who are
calling their event (AU)LA2050Listens - are excited by the prospect of altering
the future of Los Angeles for the better.

"We are thrilled to have this chance to connect the Antioch Los Angeles
community with the LA2050 initiative to help create a shared vision for a
healthy and sustainable Los Angeles region," says Ortiz.

The (AU)LA2050Listens event will be held at CALO YouthBuild Boyle Heights on
April 27, 2014 from noon to 3:00 p.m. It will include participants from AULA's
Bridge Program, students and faculty from YouthBuild, and the AULA community.
Click here to register for tickets, which are free.

"(AU)LA2050Listens is a student-driven, community-focused opportunity to put our
mouths where our minds are and discuss what we value the most about L.A," says
Spicer. "This event is a real-time record of where we see our city now and where
we want it to go. How can we miss out on that? For me personally, it is a chance
to engage in a tangible way."

LA2050 is a project of the Goldhirsh Foundation, which supports social
innovators and creates events and mission-driven initiatives.

For more information please visit: http://www.antiochla.edu

LOAD-DATE: April 28, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              668 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       Eureka Times Standard (California)

                            August 23, 2011 Tuesday

Karuk Tribe to receive $1.14 million for broadband access

BYLINE: Donna Tam/The Times-Standard

SECTION: NEWS; Local

LENGTH: 790 words


Less than a month after construction began on Humboldt County's redundant fiber
optic line, the Karuk Tribe received the green light on funding for a broadband
project of its own.

The U.S. Department of Agriculture announced Monday that it is awarding the
tribe $1.14 million in an effort to help expand broadband, or high-speed,
Internet access to unserved and underserved areas of rural America. The
Community Connect grant aims to provide service to 570 tribal members and is one
of 23 grants, totaling more than $103 million, awarded by the department.

Karuk Tribe Information Technology Director Eric Cutright said the tribe is
excited about the funding, which will help install a new fiber optic connection
and provide wireless Internet to the community.

"My goal is to get service to everyone who wants it," he said. "I think you
should be able to live in Orleans and still get the same kind of service
available as if you lived in Eureka."

The two-phase project includes installing a new fiber optic cable linking
Orleans to the Siskiyou Telephone Co.'s connection in Somes Bar and then
distributing the Internet service through wireless technology. Currently,
businesses and residents can purchase satellite or dial-up services, while
larger organizations like the tribe can purchase a costly T-1 line, Cutright
said.

The tribe is working with EnerTribe, a telecommunications consultant and the
West Coast affiliate for Native Link Communications, to achieve its goal.

EnerTribe President Forest James, a member of the Tolowa Tribe of the Smith
River Rancheria, said project goals include increasing communications for public
safety agencies, telemedicine opportunities and distance learning. The service
will first be available to institutions and businesses before expanding to
individual members. He said he and tribal representatives will meet soon to
discuss the next steps, which may lead to digital phone services.

"We've been extremely excited today," James said on Monday. "It's been a
tremendous success. There's a lot of work that went into it, and the tribe has
been amazing to work with."

Cutright said one example of adding public safety would be the ability for
residents to receive emailed fire alerts. He said fire safety is an important
issue for the area, which has a lot of forest fires.

Access Humboldt Director Sean McLaughlin said he is excited about the
educational value of increased connectivity and hopes to see the Orleans
Community Radio station, KHAA, benefit from the project as well.

"Karuk Tribe's new project will bring broadband service to Orleans and provides
a great example of community network deployment to meet local needs," McLaughlin
said. "Access Humboldt supports this project and ongoing efforts to advance
broadband adoption with our Generation ZeroDivide project."

The project is the second tribal network in Humboldt. The Yurok Tribe was
awarded an earlier Community Connect grant to increase Internet access to its
reservation.

McLaughlin said the two projects could help connectivity progress in the entire
county, with the Yurok Tribe's line running from Crescent City -- which is on
the U.S. Highway 101 fiber optic cable -- to Weitchpec and the Karuk Tribe's
line essentially connecting Orleans to Yreka. The connection in Yreka links into
the Interstate 5 fiber optic cable, which will be the endpoint for the redundant
fiber optic cable currently being installed.

McLaughlin said this could be the beginning of two new redundant paths.

__________________________________________

At a glance: Broadband projects around the county

Karuk Tribe:

The tribe's line will run from Orleans to Yreka, which connects to the
Interstate 5 fiber optic cable. The tribe hopes to provide Internet service to
570 tribal members, as well as for tribal offices, institutions and businesses.
The project's next phase will include digital phone services.

Yurok Tribe:

The tribe's line runs from Crescent City to Weitchpec, and will use new white
space technology from Arcata-based Carlson Wireless to provide wireless
broadband to the reservation. The company implemented a dedicated public safety
line in June, but is still waiting on the Federal Communications Commission to
establish white space Wi-Fi guidelines before moving forward.

Humboldt redundant cable:

San Francisco-based IPNetworks began construction on the redundant fiber optic
cable in July. The cable is currently being strung on towers along State Route
36. The cable connects from Eureka to Cottonwood and will serve as a connection
to the cable along Interstate 5 -- providing redundancy for when the U.S.
Highway 101 cable is unusable.

__________________________________________________

Donna Tam can be reached at 441-0532 or dtam@times-standard.com .

LOAD-DATE: August 23, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2011 Times - Standard
                              All Rights Reserved


                              669 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                     Charleston Daily Mail (West Virginia)

                          November 18, 2010, Thursday

Scope of broadband project clarified;
Council reveals that chief aim of $126 million grant is connecting 1,500
'critical access facilities'

BYLINE: GEORGE HOHMANN, DAILY MAIL BUSINESS EDITOR

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. P1C

LENGTH: 804 words


It has become clear that a $126 million federal stimulus grant to the state is
not specifically designed to make broadband available to 700,000 residents and
100,000 businesses, but is instead aimed at connecting about 1,500 institutions
such as libraries and schools.

The clarification came Wednesday during a meeting of the West Virginia Broadband
Council when Lee Fisher, a member from Braxton County who represents rural
communities, mentioned that the 700,000 figure continues to be used.

State Commerce Department Secretary Kelley Goes, who chairs the council, said
the state's federal grant application talks about connecting critical community
anchor tenants.

"We're only doing critical access facilities," she said.

Fisher replied, "But that 700,000 number is still being used by public
officials."

Goes said, "Not by this council. I think it's been in some press releases."

Indeed, the state's grant application talks about bringing broadband to about
1,500 institutions such as libraries, schools and government offices.

But a fact sheet posted on the National Telecommunications and Information
Administration's website says the project "intends to spur affordable broadband
service impacting more than 700,000 households, 110,000 businesses, and 1,500
anchor institutions, by allowing local Internet service providers to connect to
the project's open network."

The U.S. Department of Commerce's Feb. 18 press release announcing the grant
said the project would "connect more than 1,000 community anchor institutions
and equip 60 West Virginia fire and emergency rescue stations with more
computers and high-speed Internet."

Sen. Jay Rockefeller, D-W.Va., was instrumental in getting federal stimulus
money allocated for broadband projects. His Feb. 18 press release contained a
background paragraph about the state program.

It said the project would provide every K-12 school in the state with a
high-speed Internet connection; upgrade Internet access significantly in an
estimated 985 facilities including libraries, jails, telemedicine sites and
courthouses; and "spur affordable broadband service for more than 700,000
households and 110,000 businesses in the state."

A Feb. 18 press release by then-Gov. Joe Manchin said, "The project intends to
spur affordable broadband service that would affect more than 700,000
households, 110,000 businesses and 1,500 anchor institutions by allowing local
Internet service providers to connect to the project's open network."

Fisher, the Broadband Council member, said, "I think the council should say to
these officials that the quote is not correct; this grant will not provide
that."

The discussion shifted to other topics but Citynet President and CEO Jim Martin
again brought up the state's project.

Martin has charged that the state's project isn't about an open network or data
superhighways, "it's about covering the state's capital cost to extend its
network into state agencies. At the end of the day there's no reduction in
prices to those agencies, no true benefit being provided."

Martin has repeatedly said Frontier Communications Corp., the state's
telecommunications provider, will be the only beneficiary. Frontier has said it
will abide by all of the federal requirements and the state's contract to
fulfill the federal agency's goals.

At Wednesday's meeting Martin said, "The state is representing in their summary
the project will serve 700,000 households and 100,000 businesses. Now we're
starting to hear that was just a representation. I think it's time the council
start questioning what's going on with this.

"I believe this is about enhancing Frontier's network," he said. "If we're going
to give Frontier all of this money, who is ever going to be able to compete for
state business? Without competition we will never see true broadband in this
state.

"I want everyone in this room to know there are some serious concerns," Martin
said. "If the council won't allow us to talk, we'll do what we have to do. This
is a once-in-a-lifetime opportunity. Everyone else is doing this right; we're
the exact opposite of everybody. I'd like to have some open discussion of this.
If I'm wrong, prove me wrong."

Martin asked for permission to talk about his concerns at the council's Dec. 15
meeting. After discussion, the council agreed to give Citynet and Frontier 20
minutes each for presentations in December.

The state's federal grant is for $126.3 million. The state must provide a $33.5
million match, for a total of $159.8 million. If the state uses the money to
make 1,500 connections, it would work out to $106,533 per connection.

The state contends other providers could hook up residents and businesses along
the connection routes. Citynet's Martin contends Frontier's rates will be too
high.

Contact writer George Hohmann at business@dailymail.com or 304-348-4836.

LOAD-DATE: November 18, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2010 Charleston Newspapers


                              670 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            October 19, 2015 Monday

Shelby County submits $70 million disaster resilience grant request to HUD

LENGTH: 564 words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Chicago: American Planning Association  has issued the following news release:




  This flood didn't bring national television news personalities to Memphis to
wade in the rising waters of the Mississippi River .





 But the flooding in April 2011 that affected areas of Millington , Raleigh ,
Frayser and Southwest Memphis could bring millions of dollars in federal grant
money to Shelby County .



 In the second phase of the National Disaster Resilience Competition , the
county will ask the U. S. Department of Housing and Urban Development for $70.4
million for projects that include reworking a floodway in Millington and the
buyout and relocation of homeowners in the Weaver Road area.



 The request is an attempt to secure some portion of $1 billion in federal funds
that allow competing communities to receive grants ranging from $1 million to
$500 million .



 Shelby County was one of 57 communities to apply for the first phase and one of
40 asked to continue to the second phase.



 "This is one of the first really significant investments that the federal
government has made in resilience. Most of the dollars go to recovery efforts,"
said John Zeanah , administrator of the Memphis-Shelby County Office of
Sustainability .



 The competition required applicants to detail what has been done since the
disaster and the work that could be done with the federal dollars. The 100-plus
page document detailing the county's plan is available on the county's website.



 These targeted areas were flooded after high winds and storms on April 4 , 25
and 27 sent water from the Wolf and Loosahatchie rivers, as well as from the
Nonconnah and South Cypress creeks, into communities, with some areas reaching
100-year flood levels, Zeanah said.



 The money will help these areas recover and put in place flood resilience
infrastructures to prepare for future disasters.



 "You're competing based on the quality of what you're trying to get
accomplished," said Tom Needham , the county's public works director.



 In Millington that means redeveloping the flood-prone area with softball
fields, fishing lakes, camp grounds, boardwalks and other amenities that won't
be harmed by flooding every eight or nine years, Needham said.



 And in Southwest Memphis, in an area where two-thirds of the community is made
up of empty lots or empty buildings, the plan would relocate residents and
create other uses for the vacant land, including community gardens and new
trails to connect the area to T.O. Fuller State Park .



 The residents would be relocated outside the flood zone, but within the
community, Needham said.



 "We're looking at trying to team up with some folks locally to help develop
housing in the are so people don't leave," he said.



 The plan includes the use of software that will hope the county predict future
flooding events, Needham said.



 And it is all tied to the Mid-South Regional Greenprint and Sustainability
Plan, a long-term project that connects the region's green space, walking and
biking trails over four counties and three states.



 It's unlikely that Shelby County will get all of the money requested, so the
county has also submitted ideas on how lesser amounts will be used, Zeanah said.




 They expect to hear back from HUD in late January, Needham said.







 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 20, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              671 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                Whitby This Week

                            October 12, 2012 Friday
                                 Final Edition

Durham students encouraged to think green

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 219  words


DURHAM -- The World Wildlife Foundation is asking students to think green.

Local schools are getting a chance to win up to $5,000 to complete projects that
encourage students to connect with nature and increase their understanding of
environmental issues and solutions.

The deadline for schools to apply for the WWF-Canada Green CommUnity School
Grants is this Tuesday, Oct. 16. This program encourages schools to develop
projects that will connect students with nature and increase their understanding
of environmental issues and solutions, stimulate environmental leadership and
inspire students and communities to take action.

Acceptable submissions include any green project that focuses on connecting
students with nature and the environment. Topics of interest to WWF may include
water conservation, sustainable transportation, increased energy efficiency,
local and sustainable food and waste reduction.

Around 50 schools per year across five regions in Canada receive a grant of up
to $5,000 each.

The application process is open to elementary and high school students across
Canada and can be submitted by students, principals, school staff members
(teacher or guidance counsellor, for example), students and parent council
members.

Visit c.studentawards.com/greencommunityprogram to enter or for more
information.

LOAD-DATE: October 13, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2012 Toronto Star Newspapers, Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              672 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                  Western Mail

                           December 6, 2005, Tuesday
                                 First Edition

Don't forget to apply for Farming Connect funding

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 4

LENGTH: 154 words


Farming families in Objective One regions wishing to diversify into
non-agricultural activities are being asked to apply for Farming Connect Farm
Enterprise Funding before March 17 next year, when the scheme will be closed to
new applications.

The Welsh Assembly Government says grants of more than pounds 22.8m have been
allocated to farms across Wales through Farming Connect, generating a total
investment of more than pounds 61m in the infrastructure of the Welsh farming
industry.

Wales Rural Affairs Minister Carwyn Jones said the farm improvement and
enterprise grant schemes had been a huge success, with over pounds 22.8m going
to about 1,730 projects around Wales.

'I am very pleased that so many farming families have been able to take
advantage of these grants,' he said.

'The very high take-up demonstrates that farm businesses are reacting to an
increasingly competitive global market by investing for the future.'

LOAD-DATE: December 7, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2005 Western Mail and Echo Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                              673 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             June 1, 2016 Wednesday

Washington: U.S. Department of Transportation Announces $37.5 Million for Bus
Rapid Transit in Columbus, Ohio

LENGTH: 505 words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: U.S Department of Transportation has issued the following news
release:



 The U.S. Department of Transportation's Federal Transit Administration (FTA)
today announced the award of $37.5 million in federal grant funds to the Central
Ohio Transit Authority (COTA) for a new Bus Rapid Transit (BRT) service in
Columbus. The new BRT Line, called CMAX, will help relieve passenger crowding
and spur economic development along Cleveland Avenue, one of the city's busiest
travel corridors. FTA Acting Administrator Carolyn Flowers participated in a
ceremony to award the funds with Senator Sherrod Brown and local officials.





 "Transit plays a critical role in connecting Americans to economic opportunity
- that's true in Ohio and around the country," said U.S. Transportation
Secretary Anthony Foxx. "COTA's new BRT line will strengthen and revitalize the
communities it serves along Cleveland Avenue, connect residents of Columbus to
education and jobs, and improve quality of life in the region."



 The 15.6-mile BRT service will provide a much-needed option in a corridor with
high transit use. Ridership on COTA's existing local bus route on Cleveland
Avenue is among the highest in the system and rapidly growing; standing loads
are common. CMAX will help reduce passenger crowding, and improve travel speeds
and schedule reliability along the corridor. In addition, the line will connect
riders to major destinations such as downtown Columbus, Columbus State Community
College, shopping centers and hospitals.



 "The Cleveland Avenue BRT will make a huge difference for thousands of
commuters in the Cleveland Avenue corridor who are enduring standing-room only
buses stuck in traffic," said FTA Acting Administrator Carolyn Flowers. "When
the BRT line opens, commuters will have a fast and convenient way to get to
school, work, medical appointments and other destinations."



 The FTA is contributing 77 percent of the $48.65 million total cost of the
Cleveland Avenue BRT project. The federal grant funds are from the Small Starts
funding category of FTA's Capital Investment Grant (CIG) program. The CIG
program is the federal government's primary grant program for funding major
transit projects. The remaining project costs are being paid for by a sales tax
that is collected in the COTA service area and dedicated to funding expanded
transit services.



 The project will operate between downtown Columbus and the Ohio Health Medical
Center in the neighboring city of Westerville. BRT service is planned to operate
in existing peak-period bus-only lanes for one mile in downtown Columbus and in
mixed traffic for the rest of the route. The project also includes 32 bus stops,
construction of two park-and-ride lots, the purchase of 15 compressed natural
gas buses, transit signal priority and next-bus arrival information for
passenger platforms. The BRT line is scheduled to open in January 2018.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:

 editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: June 1, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              674 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                              Chicago Daily Herald

                            August 27, 2016 Saturday

Connect to Community founders earn award for service

SECTION: NEIGHBOR; Pg. 9

LENGTH: 462 words


* Linda Hall and Barb Tobias, directors and co-founders of Connect to Community
Inc., have received the Dan Van Hecke award for outstanding leadership and
service to the disability community. Michelle Schwartz, an outreach specialist
at Clearbrook, nominated Hall and Tobias for the award, which honors the life of
Dan Van Hecke, who spearheaded the Taxi Access Program in Chicago and dedicated
his life to empowering the disability community. Based in the Northwest suburbs,
Connect to Community Inc. was founded in 2013 and is dedicated to finding and
facilitating purposeful employment and enjoyment for adults with disabilities.

* Mount Prospect resident Kevin J. Nohelty joined Dolton West School District
148 as chief school business official, responsible for the district's finances
and operations, which includes all aspects related to human resources and
personnel. Nohelty, who has 24 years of administration experience, previously
served as assistant superintendent of business operations and human relations in
Harvey Elementary School District 152. Prior to that, he served as an assistant
superintendent with Keeneyville Elementary School District 20, Palatine
Community Consolidated School District 15, Wilmette Public Schools District 39
and Lincolnwood Elementary School District 74. A member of the Gold Apple
Foundation's selection committee, Nohelty holds a bachelor's degree in
psychology, a master's degree in education and a doctoral degree in educational
leadership.

* Lara Allison, 15, of Arlington Heights was accepted into the Interlochen Arts
Academy, a fine arts boarding high school in northern Michigan. Last year,
Allison was a freshman at Rolling Meadows High School, where she was recognized
as the 2016 Chicagoland Showcase female vocal soloist champion. She earned a
varsity letter for music and was a member of the Rolling Meadows High School
Symphonic Band, Marching Band, Orchestra and Leading Ladies show choir. She also
studied opera and musical theater and was a member of the Conservatory Choir at
Merit School of Music in Chicago. Allison, the daughter of Tom and Liana
Allison, will study theater at the academy.

* Katherine Ackley and Brittany Amawan have each received a $1,500 scholarship
from the Elgin Woman's Club. The 129-year-old organization continued its
emphasis on education by granting the scholarships to the girls, who are both
pursuing careers in the health field. Ackley, a 2015 Streamwood High School
graduate, will pursue a degree in music therapy at Illinois State University,
Normal, while Amawan, a 2015 Bartlett High School graduate, will major in
biomedical engineering at the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign.

* Send your 'Neighbors in the News' items to Norrine Twohey at
ntwohey@dailyherald.com

LOAD-DATE: August 29, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Lara Allison, 15, of Arlington Heights, will attend Interlochen Arts
Academy this fall. Liana Allison Courtesy of Liana Allison Lara Allison, 15, of
Arlington HeightsCourtesy of Connect to Community Linda Hall and Barb Tobias,
directors and co-founders of Connect to Community Inc.Courtesy of District 148
Kevin J. Nohelty

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 Paddock Publications, Inc.


                              675 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                      Saint Paul Pioneer Press (Minnesota)

                              May 26, 2002 Sunday

TODAY'S LESSON: Fun philanthropy;
Students help a foundation manage money and dole out grants through a new
program at the Minnesota Business Academy.

BYLINE: JOHN WELSH Pioneer Press

SECTION: LOCAL; Pg. 2C

LENGTH: 541 words


Students have for years set up their own model businesses or played the stock
market with pretend money to learn about finance and commerce.

But a new program at the Minnesota Business Academy gives students a rare
insight into the world of philanthropy, giving young people authority over how a
foundation allocates its assets and to whom it gives grants.

The students have formed Minnesota Connects, which has become a student arm of
the Irwin Andrew Porter Foundation. The Minneapolis-based foundation was formed
by Amy Hubbard after she sold her Michigan warehouse and logistics business.

"It's a cool thing to participate in," said Loren Barcus, a junior at the St.
Paul charter school who serves as president of Minnesota Connects.

Said senior PaYeeCha Thao: "I got to participate in something people my age
don't get an opportunity to do. It was like an adult experience."

Earlier this year, the students were given power to make the investment
decisions over about $200,000 and the grant-making duties for that money as
well. Foundations give out at least 5 percent of their assets, so that means the
students this year will oversee the distribution of about $10,000 in grants.

Students invested in a conservative mix of mutual funds and bonds similar to
what the parent foundation invested in, said teacher Karl Carlson, a former
Dayton Hudson vice president who helped oversee the foundation project at the
school.

"In the stock market game they are going after high-flying Internet stocks,"
Carlson said. "But it's another matter when you are playing with real money."

To prepare for the next phase -- making grants -- the students first helped
screen grant applicants for the Irwin Andrew Porter Foundation. They looked at a
Hmong Women's Circle proposal for a mentoring program and a project to fight
deforestation in Ecuador.

The parent foundation looks at projects that follow a "give and receive" theme.
Those who receive funding should expect to give back to the community in some
way. For example, a foundation-supported project in Chicago provided summer art
instruction for students in the afternoon, but those same students were expected
to volunteer their mornings to build a playground set for younger children.

When it gives out its first grants, Minnesota Connects expects to look for
projects with a similar emphasis on giving and receiving.

Students said they've learned a lot by calling grant applicants. They said they
place a lot of weight on the endorsements of other groups that might have given
the applicant funding before.

"It's a good learning experience in general, and you see how you can help
people," said junior David Decker, a vice president of the student foundation.

Hubbard said she's pleased with the work of the Minnesota Business Academy
students. She hopes a successful program may be noticed and copied by other
foundations.

"From our perspective, we want the kids to learn everything (about foundations)
and to see that it is important to be involved in the community," Hubbard said.
"The lessons that can be learned are endless."

ONLINE

Minnesota Connects: www.mnconnects.org

John Welsh can be reached at jwelsh@pioneerpress.com or (651) 228-5432.

LOAD-DATE: May 26, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: news

                     Copyright 2002 St. Paul Pioneer Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                              676 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                  Eastern Suburbs Reporter (Perth, Australia)

                            August 11, 2015 Tuesday
                                   1 Edition

BALGAS cultural festival, Balga Community Connect has received a substantial
funding cut this year by the City of Stirling, while other flagship events
received their requested amounts.

SECTION: Pg. 5

LENGTH: 389  words


The City contributed $12,000 to the previous Balga Community Connect while this
year it happroved only $7000, despite the grouprequesting $15,000.

The council officers report on Balga Community Connect says the inaugural event
held in May 2015 was successful, well-attended and promoted inclusion.

The event included local refugee and Indigenous performers, market stalls,
multicultural food stalls and childrens workshops.

City of Stirling Community Development Manager, Trevor Holland said the funding
for Balga Community Connect was cut due to last years lower than predicted
attendance.

Last years $12,000 funding was based on predicted attendance of 4,000 to 6,000
people, he said.

However, this event attracted 2,000 people.

The funding applications for the flagship events are assessed on a range of
criteria including community need, community benefit, accessibility, financial
need, financial contribution, city acknowledgement, experience and
sustainability.

The City endorsed $87,000 for Cultural Development Fund Flagship Events in the
2015/16 budget.

Mr Holland said the City would be considering further funding applications on a
year-round basis for the balance of funding available, which will be distributed
to community and not for profit groups.

Balga Ward Councillor David Boothman said despite the funding reduction Balga
will would work closely with the City to further promote the event though
letterbox drops and local advertising.

A number of the residents I spoke to told me they had no knowledge of the event,
Cr Boothman said.

A spokeswoman from Community Connect the group organising Balga Community
Connect declined to comment as she is awaiting comment from the City of
Stirling.

The City recommended the Beaufort Street Festival receive $30,000 from the City,
the City of Vincent will also contribute $75,000 to the Beaufort Street Festival
as outlined in its annual 2015/2016 budget.

City of Stirling cultural event grant applicants 2015/16

Beaufort Street Festival:

Requested - $30,000

Received - $30,000

Wembley Downs District Fair:

Requested - $13,000

Received - $10,000

Balga Community Connect:

Requested - $15,000

Received - $7000

Scarborough Carols:

Requested - $15,000

Received - $10,000

Rotary Carine Community Fair:

Requested - $15,000

Received - $12,000

Osborne Park Agricultural Show:

Requested - $15,000

Received - $10,000

LOAD-DATE: August 10, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: CES


                   Copyright 2015 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              677 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       Daily Inter Lake, Kalispell, Mont.

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                             March 17, 2015 Tuesday

Schools get grants to boost graduation

BYLINE: Daily Inter Lake, Kalispell, Mont.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 812 words


March 17--Six area school districts were awarded grants to increase the number
of high school graduates and decrease the number of dropouts in Montana.

Columbia Falls, Kalispell, Libby, Polson, Ronan and Troy received Graduation
Matters Montana Challenge Fund grants ranging from $3,000 to $7,500 through the
Office of Public Instruction's Graduation Matters Montana Initiative.

Statewide, 39 grants totaling $203,000 were awarded to school districts and
United Way organizations.

The Office of Public Instruction received $450,000 in January from the Dennis
and Phyllis Washington Foundation to support community-based Graduation Matters
initiatives. AT&T funded $18,000 of this year's grants.

Since the launch of Graduation Matters, Montana's high school dropout rate has
decreased from 5 percent in 2009 to 3.6 percent in 2014 and the graduation rate
has increased from 80.7 percent in 2009 to 85.4 percent in 2014, according to
The Office of Public Instruction.

This is the highest graduation rate in the state since the Office of Public
Instruction began gathering data in 2000.

The state is likely to see economic gains as a result of the graduation
increase, according to the Alliance for Excellent Education. The alliance
estimates Montana will receive a $5.9 million annual boost to the state economy.
Graduates will likely earn an additional $95 million over the their lifetimes
compared to what they would make if they had not graduated from high school.

There are currently 53 Graduation Matters communities. Graduation Matters
communities have focused on identifying students most at risk of dropping out,
developing dropout prevention strategies and interventions, building community
support, increasing college-going rates and offering students college and career
exploration opportunities.

Following is a list of school districts that received grants and summaries of
what the funding will be used for:

--Columbia Falls -- $7,500

Graduation Matters Columbia Falls is focused on achieving a zero percent dropout
rate by or before the 2016-17 school year. The district plans to will achieve
that goal by enhancing community partnerships and expanding the Graduation
Matters Columbia Falls initiative to the middle school. There are 26 business
partners helping students develop career plans and offering job shadow
opportunities. Graduation Matters Columbia Falls plans to recruit people from
the business community to help all at-risk students plan for their future.

--Kalispell -- $8,000

Graduation Matters Kalispell has reduced the Kalispell dropout rate to 3.5
percent. The goal is to keep decreasing the dropout rate by 0.5 percent each
year until it is zero. Graduation Matters Kalispell will use its Challenge Fund
grant to support the summer credit recovery and Christmas Catch Up programs,
coordinate the "I pledge to Graduate" public awareness campaign and recruit
adult mentors for sophomores who are at risk of not graduating.

--Libby -- $5,000

Graduation Matters Libby wants to increase the percentage of students who enroll
in college by 20 percent. To reach this goal, Graduation Matters Libby has
implemented several programs: "College Goal Montana," "College Application
Week," "College for a Day,"  "First Time College Student," and Free Application
For Student Aid completion events. The team continues to prepare their students
for college and careers by encouraging students to achieve their dreams.

--Polson -- $5,000

Graduation Matters Polson has set a goal to reduce dropouts by 5 percent in each
grade level. To meet this goal, a graduation coach has been hired. This coach
identifies students who are at risk of leaving school, develops relationships
and helps them access the resources they need to be successful. The graduation
coach has made a positive impact in decreasing the dropout rate.

--Ronan -- $8,000

Graduation Matters Ronan has a goal to reduce chronic absenteeism by 20 percent
by hiring a graduation coach. The coach will identify and connect with
chronically absent students  and connect students and families with credit
recovery options and community resources. Identified students will be encouraged
to prepare and envision their future with an after-high school plan.

--Troy -- $3,000

Graduation Matters Troy has a 2.2 percent dropout rate. The group will use its
Challenge Fund grant to have students pledge to graduate and use it as an
opportunity to encourage their career and college aspirations. Partners will
help support school staff in promoting college awareness and career guidance.
Additionally, Graduation Matters Troy will host "College Goal Montana" and
"College Application Week" events to help students apply to college and career
training programs.

___ (c)2015 the Daily Inter Lake (Kalispell, Mont.) Visit the Daily Inter Lake
(Kalispell, Mont.) at www.dailyinterlake.com Distributed by Tribune Content
Agency, LLC

LOAD-DATE: March 17, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20150317-KG-Schools-get-grants-to-boost-graduation-0317-20150317

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: KG


               Copyright 2015 Daily Inter Lake, Kalispell, Mont.


                              678 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                             The Salt Lake Tribune

                            December 21, 2012 Friday

Federal grant to enhance entry to Magna

BYLINE: By Mike Gorrell The Salt Lake Tribune

SECTION: NEWS; State

LENGTH: 583 words


Even more of Magna's historic Main Street will be spruced up, funded by a newly
secured federal grant.

Salt Lake County will receive a $791,809 "Livable Streets" grant from the
Federal Highway Administration to extend roadside amenities -- street lights as
well as curb, gutter and sidewalk -- along Main Street (2700 South) from 8800
West eastward to about 8300 West.

"Those who live in and visit Magna will see lasting effects on the vitality of
this community," County Mayor Peter Corroon said Wednesday at a news conference
in the new Magna Library, a linchpin in the Main Street beautification project.

In 2005, as one of the first initiatives of his administration, Corroon launched
the makeover of Magna's Main Street as a means of attracting more people and
businesses to the historic mining town.

"First thing we want to do is stick a shovel into Main Street," he said in March
of that year. Since then, the county invested more than $1.2 million into
reconstructing 2700 South down to the ground from 8800 West on west to the town
limits.

Sidewalks were widened on both sides of the street, curb and gutter were
installed, parking turnouts were figured into the road design, pedestrian
crosswalks too. Ramps were added to comply with Americans with Disabilities Act
requirements. "We made it more user friendly," said County Public Works
Operations Director M. Leon Barrett.

Now that the county is one of 83 recipients of the federal grant (out of 600
applicants), it's time to extend those amenities east along the main entryway to
the business district.

"We intend to make it look as similar as possible," said county transportation
engineer Andrea Pullos. "It is one community and this will make it more
cohesive. We want it to look like one place."

Library Manager Trish Hull, also a Magna resident, said the improvements made to
the town's west end have generated steady foot traffic to her facility, which
serves 20,000 customers a year.

"To unify the community, we needed a place to identify as the center of town,"
she said. "This [road beautification project] gives Main Street that feel.
Businesses won't come here if there's not a nice, attractive street to be on."

Dan Colosimo, a second-generation proprietor of Colosimo's Standard Market, said
the earlier roadwork gave merchants and the community a boost.

"I can't tell you how many visitors have come through who say, 'Nice little
town. It reminds me of home,' " he said. "If the county hadn't done up the
streets the way they did, we'd be in shambles here. It's an honor that they
invest that much money into the infrastructure. All we can say is thanks."

At another Magna institution near the east end of Main Street, Peel Funeral
Home, funeral director Rick Zern welcomed news that improvements are headed his
way.

"Any kind of upgrades we make on Magna Main Street enhance the opportunity to
get more and better businesses, which brings more people into the community," he
said.

Pullos said the county now will prepare an environmental design and buy a few
small land parcels before seeking bids on the project next fall. Construction is
expected to begin in spring 2014.

mikeg@sltrib.com

Twitter: @sltribmikeg Alt Heads:

Grant to beautify Magna 'Livable Streets'

The Federal Highway Administration said its $792,000 grant for improvements to
west 2700 South, Magna's Main Street, will "create a complete system connecting
two redevelopment areas, multiple public facilities, private sector housing and
commercial construction in Magna."

LOAD-DATE: December 22, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Salt Lake County Mayor Peter Corroon announced further improvements to
Magna's Main Street Wednesday, Dec. 19, 2012, in Magna. A federal grant of
$780,000 will help Magna connect to the main transportation corridor and spruce
up the east side of historic downtown Main Street with lighting and landscaping.

Salt Lake County Mayor Peter Corroon announced further improvements to Magna's
Main Street Wednesday, Dec. 19, 2012, in Magna. A federal grant of $780,000 will
help Magna connect to the main transportation corridor and spruce up the east
side of historic downtown Main Street with lighting and landscaping.
Salt Lake County Mayor Peter Corroon announced further improvements to Magna's
Main Street Wednesday, Dec. 19, 2012, in Magna. A federal grant of $780,000 will
help Magna connect to the main transportation corridor and spruce up the east
side of historic downtown Main Street with lighting and landscaping.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2012 The Salt Lake Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved


                              679 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                             Uxbridge Times Journal

                             March 21, 2017 Tuesday
                                 Final Edition

Improved Internet service for Uxbridge pitched to councillors

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 369  words


UXBRIDGE - A telecommunications company is looking to bring fibre-optic Internet
service to Uxbridge and the rest of Durham Region, with or without financial
help from the federal government.

Howard Morton of Telmax Inc. appeared before Uxbridge councillors on March 20,
asking the township to sign a letter of support for his company's bid for
funding through the Connect To Innovate program. He also asked councillors to
have staff work with his company to prioritize areas across Uxbridge that need
Internet access improvements.

"The better information you give us, the better job we can do," said Morton.

No financial help from the township would be needed, he stressed.

Morton said that 50 per cent of homes in the United States have access to
fibre-optic Internet while five per cent in Canada do. In Uxbridge, he said,
that number is around one per cent.

Uxbridge, said Morton, "is at a significant economic disadvantage.

"There is significant economic potential in your community," he said.

Telmax is registered with the Canadian Radio-television and Telecommunications
Commission, has funding partners and is looking to provide service across Durham
and York regions, said Morton.

An April 27 launch in Oshawa is planned, he added.

Councillors were told the company would bring the service to Uxbridge even
without help from the federal government, but that a grant would speed things up
tremendously.

Morton estimated it would take about two-and-a-half years to service the entire
township.

He added the company should know by the end of this summer if it has secured
grant funding.

"We're making an investment in the community," said Morton, noting that even
with federal funding, Telmax would have to foot the bills initially before
receiving grant money in about 15 months.

Under the Connect To Innovate program, all work has to be done by 2021, he
added.

"We need this in our municipality," said Ward 3 Coun. Dave Barton. "Our
residents are screaming for this and it has to happen."

Uxbridge Mayor Gerri-Lynn O'Connor noted another company looking to bring
improved Internet to the community will be appearing before council on March 27.
She added the township could have a letter of support for Telmax prepared by
then.

LOAD-DATE: March 23, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2017 Toronto Star Newspapers, Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              680 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       Daily Gazette (Sterling, Illinois)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            March 31, 2012 Saturday

Path plans pushing forward

BYLINE: Bridget Flynn, Daily Gazette, Sterling, Ill.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 830 words


March 31--STERLING -- The Sterling Park District's plans for a continuous
citywide bike and pedestrian path are inching along, with money approved for one
section and work about to begin on another.

In January, Sterling Public Schools and the park district won a $244,230 Safe
Routes to School grant from the Illinois Department of Transportation. That
grant will pay for a pedestrian and bike path that will run along Sixth Avenue
in front of Challand Middle School, from Lynn Boulevard to LeFevre Road.

That section is part of the park district's plan to create a 10- to 15-mile
trail that not only will get people from one side of Sterling to the other --
from the Westwood Fitness & Sports Center to Oppold Marina -- but also will
connect to Rock Falls, other parts of Whiteside County and Sauk Valley Community
College on the west edge of Dixon.

Now, people who want to bike or walk a trail must choose the trail in
Sinnissippi and Hoover parks or the section that runs from Westwood to the south
side of Lynn Boulevard, and stops just short of Locust/state Route 40. That's 5
miles of trail total.

As part of a flood remediation plan, the city will build a stormwater detention
pond near the northeast corner of Sixth Avenue and Lynn, City Manager Scott
Shumard said. The park district plans to build a path around that pond.

The path will connect with the 3,000-foot Challand section that will run along
the east side of Sixth Avenue from Lynn Boulevard to LeFevre Road in front of
the middle school. In addition to creating the path, some grant money will be
used to install bicycle racks.

It's not known when that work can begin, though -- the state has not yet
released the approved funds, Sterling Schools Superintendent Tad Everett said.

In the meantime, the park and school districts can begin work on another portion
of the trail system -- a path through Thomas Park, at 2301 12th Ave. off Lynn
Boulevard, to nearby Franklin Elementary School, 1510 E. 25th St.

That work will be paid for with another Safe Routes to School grant of $217,000,
which was approved in December 2009 and funded in 2010.

Bids are going out, and that section will be built this summer, park district
Director Doug Jacobs said.

Franklin Elementary School Principal Suzi Hesser said the new path will provide
more outdoor opportunities for her students.

"We encourage them to be out and have family time together while getting
exercise," she said.

In addition, the park district has an agreement with Illinois American Water to
extend the trail along East First Street from Sinnissippi Park to 16th Avenue,
Jacobs said.

The lease easement agreement was needed because that segment of trail runs along
property owned by the water company, Jacobs said. The water company's property
runs along East First Street from 16th Avenue to 18th Avenue.

The district has completed a segment of that trail, from 16th Avenue through
Redfield Park, which is at 14th Avenue and Second Street.

DNR architect: Trails can be a tourism draw

STERLING -- A good trail system can serve a city's residents and attract
visitors, says George Bellovics, a landscape architect with the Illinois
Department of Natural Resources' Division of Planning.

"Communities across the country are looking introspectively to see how best can
we serve the people who live here and our places of commerce and other
institutions," said Bellovics, who has been working with Sterling on its trail
network.

Trails provide an opportunity for healthy, outdoor activity at all levels.

"The thing about trails that are important is they provide opportunities to
everyone who seeks them," he said. "You don't have to be Lance Armstrong."

Trails also offer a means of cheap transportation as the price of gas creeps up
to $4 a gallon, he said.

And they can bring in dollars from outside a city. For example, Galena has
expanded its trail system into a tourist draw, Bellovics said.

"They provide a nice welcome mat for people to come to the area, which drives
the commerce locally."

The Sterling trail system is part of a larger countywide effort.

The Whiteside County Greenways and Trails Plan, completed in 1999 and updated in
2008, is designed to link natural and man-made resources, such as parks, nature
preserves and cultural and historic sites.

It's an ongoing process, the ultimate goal of which is to build trails that will
connect with each other throughout the county. Having such a plan in place makes
it easier to obtain IDNR grants to build them.

Go to www.whiteside.org to view the updated plan.

Eventually, the trail network will reach the Sinnissippi Dam Walkway, which
connects with Martin's Landing and with the Hennepin Canal in Rock Falls.
Sterling also is looking east to connect with the college.

Grants are expected to pay for most of the system, which will be completed as
money comes in, Jacobs said.

___ (c)2012 the Daily Gazette (Sterling, Ill.) Visit the Daily Gazette
(Sterling, Ill.) at www.saukvalley.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: April 1, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20120331-YG-Path-plans-pushing-forward-0331-20120331

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: YG


                          Copyright 2012 Daily Gazette


                              681 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                      Orange County Register (California)

                           January 28, 2015 Wednesday

Grant will help get 100 people off streets

BYLINE: BY MEGHANN M. CUNIFF, STAFF WRITER

SECTION: LOCAL; Pg. B

LENGTH: 534 words



HIGHLIGHT: Agencies that assist the homeless hail an additional $2.5 million
from HUD as a major breakthrough.


About 100 homeless people will move into housing thanks to a $2.5 million
federal grant awarded to a coalition of county agencies.

The money is part of $19.5 million in federal grants to Orange County, and the
earmarked funds are for a long-term program designed to keep the homeless off
the streets, something that officials say will make a huge difference.

The grants are from the U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development, and
most of the remaining money is for existing programs.

"We're literally going to be saving lives with this grant," said Larry Haynes,
executive director of the Mercy House Living Centers, which is one of six
agencies that will spend the money. "This is the kind of thing that, if we do it
right, could literally be transformative for how we address homelessness in
Orange County."

The money is expected to pay for 106 people - some families may be included - to
move into homes and work with professionals to develop the life skills needed to
stay off the streets. The focus is on the chronically homeless and with the most
severe service needs.

"It's our job to connect people who are currently disconnected from our current
system of care," Haynes said.

Todd Spitzer, chairman of the Board of Supervisors, said the money is welcome
but won't fix the coordination problem among communities. He cited the dispute
that prevented a homeless shelter from being built in Costa Mesa.

"Unless you have support from the communities that you want to site the shelter
in, all the money in the world isn't going to solve the problem," Spitzer said.

The nonprofit, Jamboree, which already houses more than 120 residents who were
homeless and mentally ill, will provide some of the housing, as will Mercy House
in central and north Orange County, and the Friendship Shelter and Collette's
Children's Home in south and west Orange County.

Share Our Selves, a health and social services center in Costa Mesa, will
provide clinical, case management and other services. Orangewood Children's
Foundation will help people ages 18 to 24 who were once in foster care.

Haynes hopes to start moving people in July.

"It's a celebration each time," said Karen Roper, executive director of the OC
Commission to End Homelessness and director of OC Community Services. The money
provides "important lifeblood for many critical programs."

But the new $2.5 million is what's got everyone talking this year. Haynes, who
has worked at the Mercy House for 25 years, learned of the grant Monday and said
it was "one of the most exciting days of my career."

"This is something we've been working on for quite some time," Haynes said. "We
think we're going to be able to get some people who are really in need out
there. Every year, we have people who die out on the streets, and we know with
this grant, we can help stop that."

2-1-1 Orange County, an agency that connects people with emergency services,
helped organize the annual count of the homeless last week, which is required
annually for counties seeking Housing and Urban Development grants.

A 10-year plan to end homelessness also is required, which the county finalized
in 2012. Annual counts for the county's homeless range from 12,000 to more than
18,000.

LOAD-DATE: January 29, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE:  Story

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2015 Orange County Register
                              All Rights Reserved


                              682 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                        Tribune-Review (Greensburg, PA)

                            November 28, 2014 Friday

Grants propel walking, biking trail proposal

BYLINE: by GREG REINBOLD

LENGTH: 605 words


A proposed walking and biking trail between New Alexandria and Keystone State
Park and the final additions to the Loyalhanna Watershed Association's Watershed
Farm project are gaining momentum and financial backing.

Derry Township has been awarded $107,100 from the state's Greenways, Trails and
Recreation Program to develop the three-mile trail. Township supervisors in May
voted to apply for another grant, from the state's Department of Conservation
and Natural Resources, seeking $28,000 for planning and design of the
recreational path.

In addition, $89,760 in Greenways grant funding was awarded to the Loyalhanna
association to acquire more than two acres of land for a walking trail on the
western edge of the former McConnaughey family farm in Ligonier Township.

The inclusion of walking trails in both projects is no coincidence, said Susan
Huba, the association's executive director.

"People are very interested in trails," she said. "They've become a really big
focus in this region, and it's nice to be able to continue working toward these
interconnections everywhere, so people really have a nice resource they can use
that's easy to get to for recreation.

Pennsylvania Environmental Council spokesman Brad Clemenson said the DCNR grant
application for planning and design was not awarded funding initially because
the project lacked the required matching funds in hand. With the Greenways grant
secured, Clemenson said he hopes the DCNR grant will follow.

"I'm fairly hopeful that we'll succeed in getting this additional funding
because we've worked this project as a high priority for the Laurel Highlands
Conservation Landscape, which is a DCNR program," Clemenson said. "If we can
complete this trail, it will do exactly what the Conservation Landscapes work to
do. It will connect a community, in this case New Alexandria Borough and part of
Derry Township, with a recreational resource, in this case Keystone State Park
and Army Corps land adjacent to Loyalhanna Creek."

"If we can connect a community like New Alex to a resource like Keystone State
Park, it really helps the community," Clemenson said. "It helps the businesses
in town. It's an economic development tool by connecting resources like that."

"It's moving forward. It's a good start," Derry township supervisors chairman
Vince DeCario said of the Greenways grant. "We didn't have a problem being the (
grant) applicant. We're definitely for something like that."

Clemenson said the association conducted a feasibility study in 2008 exploring a
potential trail connecting New Alexandria, Keystone State Park and Latrobe. The
feasibility plan suggested the 11-mile trail be separated into six segments,
with the roughly 3 miles from New Alexandria to Keystone representing Segments 5
and 6.

The expected costs associated with building a bridge to carry the trail over
Loyalhanna Creek put the project on hold, Huba said, until Clemenson began
seeking grant funding for the New Alexandria-to-Keystone segments.

"That's why it kind of has been sitting, because the cost of the bridge to get
across (the Loyalhanna Creek) was astronomical at that point. Brad kind of took
this off the shelf and thought, "[#x2dc]Let's try to get part of this done,' and
that's what he really pushed to do with the grant he submitted," Huba said. "I
think the idea was to kind of get something moving, get some excitement going
with the hopes that maybe we can revisit the middle part and get some help from
the public wanting this trail to be there."

Greg Reinbold is a staff writer for Trib Total Media. He can be reached at
724-459-6100, ext. 2913, or greinbold@tribweb.com

LOAD-DATE: November 30, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                Copyright 2014 Tribune Review Publishing Company
                              All Rights Reserved


                              683 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          November 25, 2015 Wednesday

Virginia: Governor McAuliffe Announces Nearly $3 Million in Grants to Expand No
Wrong Door Program

LENGTH: 558 words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Richmond: Office of the Governor Terry McAuliffe, The state of Virginia has
issued the following news release:



 Governor Terry McAuliffe announced today that Virginia has been awarded nearly
$3 million in federal funding to help ease difficulties older adults and people
with disabilities may face when they seek support services from state agencies,
health care systems and community organizations.





 The Department for Aging and Rehabilitative Services won two grants from the
Administration on Community Living to expand Virginia's No Wrong Door system and
further streamline access to long-term services that allow individuals to remain
in the community.



 &ldquo;This grant money will help the No Wrong Door program connect Virginians
to services faster, help them understand their options for support and
assistance, provide successful transitions for those returning home after a
hospital stay, and allow service providers to better understand what's happening
in the individuals' lives between doctor visits,&rdquo; said Governor McAuliffe.
&ldquo;We welcome these federal funds because they help us to improve access to
and quality of health care services for Virginians, while making the system more
efficient for our taxpayers.&rdquo;



 No Wrong Dooris a public-private partnership between multiple state agencies
and private providers. It aims to help consumers who need critical home- or
community-based care to find those services in their communities, while
simplifying the complexities of the process.State agencies partner with more
than 60 providers to share electronic records that can identify services to
benefit older adults and individuals with disabilities, reducing repetitive
paperwork, and saving time and money, while improving access to public and
private services.



 Last year, more than 41,000 individuals were served through Virginia's No Wrong
Door system, which now provides access to more than 26,000 programs and services
in a single statewide database. The new funding will help add service providers
at local and state levels, defray costs of bringing on new providers to the
system, and support counseling to help individuals and their families make
choices that best fit their needs.



 &ldquo;Our goal is to connect more people with services in their own
communities,&rdquo; said Secretary of Health and Human Resources Bill Hazel.
&ldquo;We are always striving to make programs more accessible to the Virginians
who need them. No Wrong Door is a part of that effort, and this new funding will
help strengthen the program.&rdquo;



 &ldquo;No Wrong Door's strength is that no matter where an individual seeks
support or what door an individual enters, the responding service provider can
identify and explain all the available options  that might benefit them,&rdquo;
said DARS Commissioner Jim Rothrock. &ldquo;The new funding will help Virginia
increase access to home- and community-based services, support efforts to reduce
institutionalization and hospital readmissions, and enhance the quality of life
for older adults and individuals with disabilities.&rdquo;



 Virginia was one of five states awarded the three-year funding from the
Administration on Community Living.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: November 26, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              684 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       The Janesville Gazette (Wisconsin)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            February 28, 2011 Monday

Advocates say cuts could hurt local efforts

BYLINE: Ann Marie Ames, The Janesville Gazette, Wis.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 645 words


Feb. 28--JANESVILLE -- Reductions in the federal budget could cost many Rock and
Walworth county residents in the form of cuts to programs and services.

The U.S. House of Representatives Appropriations Committee on Feb. 19 passed a
continuing resolution, referred to as H.R. 1, which proposes cutting more than
$100 billion in discretionary spending yet in fiscal year 2011.

The Senate this week could take up the legislation, which represents the largest
single discretionary spending cut in the history of Congress.

H.R. 1 includes more than $300 million in cuts to community service block
grants, which is the single-largest source of money for Community Action, said
Marc Perry, Community Action's director of planning and development in Rock and
Walworth counties.

Community Action operates across the United States. Locally, the agency
coordinates services with other agencies and provides child care, education,
homelessness prevention services and others.

The proposal to slice the block grants "cripples the work that's done locally on
the ground," Perry said.

In a letter sent to Rep. Paul Ryan, a Janesville Republican who represents the
1st District, Community Action officials listed programs that could be lost if
the federal funding goes away.

Rock and Walworth county residents depend on Community Action, the letter
states. In Rock County, more than 8,000 people lost jobs in the last several
years, and the city of Beloit has the highest unemployment rate in the state,
according to the document.

In Walworth County, no public transportation exists to connect residents with
services. A growing Latino population creates "unique service challenges."

"This is not about CAI (Community Action), but about losing a valuable resource
for low-income families in our community and the impact that those resources
have had in Rock and Walworth counties," the letter states.

Here are a few of the programs at risk, according to Community Action documents:

-- Community Action's Skills Enhancement Program focuses on training for
in-demand occupations such as technology, business and health care.

More than 50 percent of the graduates have been in the health field. Based on
five years of data, the program has demonstrated an average earning increase of
$4.12 per hour and annual wage increases of $11,079.48.

-- Youth Build participants earn high school diplomas and learn trades. In 2009
and 2010, 39 out of 40 participants earned their diplomas. In an area of the
highest unemployment in Wisconsin, youth with no income at entry have gained
employment with an average hourly wage of $9.94.

-- Fatherhood Initiative participants gain job skills, become more employable,
connect with their families and take care of legal obligations. Based on three
year's worth of trend data, the Fatherhood Initiative has recovered $52,192 in
child support payments, and participants have paid more than $25,000 in fees to
local municipalities.

-- Community Action weatherized 603 homes in 2010, which provided clients with
an average savings of 25 percent in energy costs.

-- Through the support of 15 local food pantries, Community Action provided
2,959,488 pounds of food to families in Rock and Walworth counties.

-- Community Action in 2010 provided health care to 3,462 people who could not
otherwise afford it.

Perry said he is well aware of the cuts that need to be made to balance state
and federal budgets.

"Cuts are having to be made," Perry said. "We understand everybody's belt has to
be tightened. Just don't cut off the circulation."

To see more of The Janesville Gazette, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.gazetteextra.com. Copyright (c) 2011, The Janesville Gazette, Wis.
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For more information
about the content services offered by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services
(MCT), visit www.mctinfoservices.com.

LOAD-DATE: March 1, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20110228-JG-Advocates-say-cuts-could-hurt-local-efforts-0228-20110228

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: JG


                     Copyright 2011 The Janesville Gazette


                              685 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          The Joplin Globe (Missouri)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                            February 24, 2017 Friday

Anderson, Pineville to hold races to build community, connect trails

BYLINE: Andy Ostmeyer, The Joplin Globe, Mo.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 697 words


Feb. 24--PINEVILLE, Mo. -- The second annual (McDonald) County Trailblazer is
set for Saturday, March 18, in the communities of Anderson and Pineville.

The event, which includes a 13-mile bike ride, a 5K and a 10K, is a fundraiser
for the communities, which are teaming up not only to raise money for each
community's trails, but also to build a trail connecting the two towns that
could also one day serve as a way to bring the Razorback Greenway as far north
as Anderson.

Pineville Mayor Gregg Sweeten and Ken Schutten, president of the Anderson
Betterment Club, said their communities are each working with Drury University
of Springfield on a long-range plan that includes trails, as well as working
with other organizations, such as the University of Missouri Extension and the
Harry S Truman Coordinating Council.

Sweeten said Pineville envisions three trails, one of those running north along
Jesse James Road that could be the first stage of a link to Anderson, although
he emphasized that no route has been finalized yet.

He said he hopes the route would be concrete, and the city is applying for a
grant from the Missouri Department of Natural Resources to help with the costs.

A second Pineville trail would go from the school to a new bike playground on
Big Sugar Road that would have ramps and other features.

"In the center of it, we are hoping to have a skate park area," Sweeten said.

A third trail, by the city's baseball fields, could ultimately connect with the
trail on Big Sugar Road.

Schutten said Anderson has an existing walking trail at its baseball field.

"That is something we want to expand and improve. That's where our focus is
going to be first," he added.

This year's County Trailblazer includes a 5K and 10K that begin at 8 a.m. in
Pineville. The cost is $25 for the 5K, which will be on a Pineville course, and
$35 for the 10K, which will go from Anderson City Hall to the Pineville Square.

The 13-mile bike ride will begin at 8 a.m. that day at the Pineville Square, go
to Anderson City Hall, and then back to Pineville. The cost is $40.

The two communities alternate the site of the 5K and the beginning and ending
points for the 10K and the cycling race each year.

Anyone interested in the races can register at
runsignup.com/race/mo/pineville/countytrailblazer5K10k. Or they can go to
Pineville City Hall, 503 Main St.; Anderson City Hall, 103 Beaver St.; or to
Schutten's insurance office, 806 N. Business 71 in Anderson.

The first 100 people to register will receive a racing shirt (while sizes last)
and a goody bag. Timing chips will be used to ensure accurate times for all
runners/walkers and cyclists. Awards also will be presented.

Schutten said anyone interested in the races can get information and print off
an application at andersonbetterment.org or the group's Facebook page, or at the
Facebook page of MacCounty Running.

Both Sweeten and Schutten noted that the Harry S Truman Coordinating Council and
the Northwest Arkansas Regional Planning Commission have scheduled a meeting for
Monday, March 6, to hear from residents of McDonald County as they work on
developing a bicycling and pedestrian plan to connect Jane and Pineville to the
expanding trail network in Northwest Arkansas.

The 37-mile Razorback Greenway is the backbone of a 100-mile trail network in
Benton and Washington counties in Northwest Arkansas, and it connects major
destinations such as the University of Arkansas, malls and shopping centers,
Crystal Bridges Museum of American Art, as well as headquarters for major
employers, including Wal-Mart Stores Inc.

Right now, the Greenway ends at Lake Bella Vista, but future extensions include
taking it eight miles north to the state line and into Missouri.

The public meeting to discuss a bicycle and pedestrian plan for McDonald County
that would be connected to the Razorback Greenway is set for 6 to 7:30 p.m.
Monday, March 6, at the Pineville Community Center, 602 S. Jesse James Road.

Andy Ostmeyer is the metro editor at the Globe. His email address is
aostmeyer@joplinglobe.com

___ (c)2017 The Joplin Globe (Joplin, Mo.) Visit The Joplin Globe (Joplin, Mo.)
at www.joplinglobe.com Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: February 25, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20170224-JL-Anderson-Pineville-to-hold-races-to-build-community-connect
-trails-0224-20170224

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: JL


                        Copyright 2017 The Joplin Globe


                              686 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                        Progressive Media - Company News

                            February 28, 2014 Friday

US announces $600m TIGER funding to support transportation projects

SECTION: RAIL VEHICLES AND TRACTION EQUIPMENT; Strategy And Business Planning

LENGTH: 251 words



HIGHLIGHT: US President Barack Obama and transportation secretary Anthony Foxx
have approved $600m of funds under sixth round of transportation investment
generating economic recovery (TIGER) competitive grant programme to aid
transportation projects across the country.


US President Barack Obama and transportation secretary Anthony Foxx have
approved $600m of funds under sixth round of transportation investment
generating economic recovery (TIGER) competitive grant programme to aid
transportation projects across the country.

The TIGER 2014 grant programme will focus on projects that will offer reliable,
safe and affordable transportation options to improve connections for both urban
and rural communities.

Transportation secretary Foxx said "President Obama knows that transportation
means opportunity for so many Americans

"TIGER investments answer the President's challenge to expand opportunity
through a strong transportation system that connects Americans with a better way
of life."

The US Department of Transportation (DOT) will prioritise applications for
capital projects that will better connect people to jobs, training and other
opportunities; support redevelopment and relinking of neighbourhoods divided by
physical barriers like highways and railroads.

The TIGER programme started as part of the American Recovery and Reinvestment
Act, provides federal funding possibilities for large multi-modal projects.

The $474m 2013 TIGER round supported $1.8bn in overall project investments.

The TIGER grant programme has awarded $3.5bn to 270 projects across 50 states,
Washington DC and Puerto Rico since 2009.

The recent funding has been provided as part of the bipartisan Consolidated
Appropriations Act.

Image: US President Barack Obama. Photo: courtesy of Pete Souza.

LOAD-DATE: March 03, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2014 Progressive Media Group Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              687 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                      Bladen Journal, Elizabethtown, N.C.

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                            August 18, 2016 Thursday

Dublin receives $15,000 wastewater grant

BYLINE: Bladen Journal, Elizabethtown, N.C.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 275 words


Aug. 18--DUBLIN -- The town of Dublin was recently the recipient of a $15,000
State Reserve Asset Inventory and Assessment Grant by the Water Infrastructure
Authority to be used for a wastewater asset management plan. This type of grant,
which focuses on long-term planning, best practices, and best use of
infrastructure funds, is available for inventory and documentation of existing
water and / or sewer systems.

The grant was part of $5.1 million in grants awarded to municipalities across
the state for similar asset management plans.

Gov. Pat McCrory's environmental agency awarded a total of $127 million in loans
and grants to help North Carolina towns pay for 70 drinking water and wastewater
infrastructure projects. Since January 2014, the state has provided more than
$695 million for similar projects. Additionally, more than $300 million will be
awarded through the Connect NC bond.

"Reliable infrastructure is crucial to protecting public health, improving
quality of life, and providing economic opportunities in all of our communities,
" said McCrory. "These projects will enhance water quality and pave the way for
economic growth in towns across the state."

The next round of funding in the fall of 2016 will include the first use of
Connect NC bonds for water and sewer infrastructure projects. The Connect NC
bond proposed by Governor McCrory and overwhelmingly approved by voters will
provide more than $300 million for drinking and wastewater projects across the
state.

___ (c)2016 the Bladen Journal (Elizabethtown, N.C.) Visit the Bladen Journal
(Elizabethtown, N.C.) at www.bladenjournal.com Distributed by Tribune Content
Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: August 20, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20160818-1BL-Dublin-receives-15000-wastewater-grant-0818-20160818

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1BL


               Copyright 2016 Bladen Journal, Elizabethtown, N.C.


                              688 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       The Daily Star (Oneonta, New York)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                              June 17, 2016 Friday

Funding shortfall stops expansion of Greenway

BYLINE: Denise Richardson, The Daily Star, Oneonta, N.Y.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 519 words


June 17--A proposal to build a trail to connect the Oneonta Susquehanna Greenway
section near Silas Lane to South Main Street in the city is about to be shelved
for lack of funding, among other reasons.

The Common Council's Community Development Committee reviewed the long-time
proposed project during a meeting at City Hall on Wednesday.

After reviewing issues, including whether the city would have to repay $95,000
in spent grant money, members present agreed to recommend that the full Council
consider a resolution Tuesday to stop the project.

The existing Susquehanna Greenway includes the Silas Lane Loop, the New Island
Trails and the Mill Race Trail in Neahwa Park, according to the group's website,
which have become popular year-round. Recreational activities include walking,
bicycling and skiing, and local educators lead groups to learn about the
habitat.

Bill Kerbin, city community development director, said the need for additional
city money and the timetable led to a decision to close the proposal.

"It's unfortunate," he said Thursday. "It just wasn't in the cards."

The Common Council will meet in City Hall, 258 Main St., at 7 p.m. Tuesday.

Kerbin said the city had been awarded a $325,248 grant from the federal Highway
Administration, funding administered through the state Department of
Transportation, Kerbin said. An agreement between the state and city was signed
in December 2003, he said.

But the Flood of 2006 and multiple re-design issues from the Highway
Administration were among factors that delayed the project, Kerbin said.

Of the federal grant, $95,000 was spent on project design, plus $40,000 of city
funds, Kerbin said. To resume the project, he said, the city would have to spend
another $40,000 on design, an unreimbursable expense.

Beyond that, he said, the cost of developing and building the trail would be
significantly more than grant's remaining $229,000, which the city hasn't
received.

Kerbin said he met with state DOT officials June 2 and clarified that the city
won't be required to repay $95,000.

Restarting the project would depend on Council priorities, Kerbin said.

Kerbin said Thursday that the plan was to connect the Susquehanna River fishing
access site off of state Route 205 with a pedestrian and bicycle trail to the
South Main Street in the city. A modified plan to build a trail loop at the
state fishing access site also was considered, he said.

In 2011, the state denied an application for a $200,000 grant from the Office of
Parks, Recreation and Historic Preservation for the project. The proposal was to
match the previous award to build a trail between Interstate 88 and the
Susquehanna River from exit 13 to exit 14.

Existing Greenway trails are maintained primarily through volunteer efforts,
coordinated by the Oneonta Susquehanna Greenway Committee.

Kerbin said volunteers wouldn't be able to develop the linking trail without
official approval because right-of-way access from the state DOT would be
needed.

___ (c)2016 The Daily Star (Oneonta, N.Y.) Visit The Daily Star (Oneonta, N.Y.)
at www.thedailystar.com Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: June 17, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20160617-OY-Funding-shortfall-stops-expansion-of-Greenway-0617-20160617

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: OY


                         Copyright 2016 The Daily Star


                              689 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            March 16, 2016 Wednesday

Washington: Udall, Heinrich Announce $1.7 Million for NM Health Centers to Help
Treat Prescription Opioid Abuse

LENGTH: 559  words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Washington: Office of the Senator Martin Heinrich has issued the following news
release:



 Today, U.S. Senators Tom Udall and Martin Heinrich announced more than $1.7
million for five health centers and treatment providers in New Mexico to improve
and expand the delivery of substance abuse services, with a particular focus on
the treatment of opioid abuse in underserved communities. The grants, funded
under the Affordable Care Act and administered by the Health and Human Services
Health Resources and Services Administration, will help increase the number of
patients screened for substance abuse and connect more patients to treatment,
increase access to medication-assisted treatment, and provide training and
educational resources to help medical professionals make informed prescribing
decisions. Treatment providers receiving grants include First Choice Community
Healthcare Inc. and First Nations Community Health Source Inc. in Albuquerque,
La Familia Medical Center and Presbyterian Medical Services Inc. in Santa Fe,
and the Pueblo of Jemez.





 "The prescription drug abuse and heroin use epidemic has taken a devastating
toll on families across New Mexico, particularly our rural communities," Udall
said. "We need to do everything we can to ensure than anyone who wants treatment
can get it. I'm pleased that this funding will help health centers in our state
expand services and prevent further tragedy due to addiction and overdose. We
need to put real resources behind the programs that work to help states and
local communities fight the battle for prevention, education and treatment, and
I'll continue to push for funding to support these efforts as a member of the
Senate Appropriations Committee."



 "For years, communities in New Mexico have suffered through some of the highest
rates of opioid and heroin addiction in the nation," Heinrich said. "I'm pleased
this funding will help connect local health center resources to individuals who
need treatment and recovery services. Addiction is a disease that can happen to
anyone, and it's a vicious cycle that we've seen too frequently in New Mexico.
We need to do more in order to help meet the needs of New Mexico's rural and
tribal communities, and I will continue the fight to provide adequate funding
for drug prevention and treatment programs."



 Prescription opioid addiction and heroin use are a growing health problem
nationwide. In 2014, New Mexico had the second-highest rate of drug overdose
deaths in the nation, according to the Centers for Disease Control and
Prevention.



 The grant announcement follows the Senate's passage last week of the
Comprehensive Addiction and Recovery Act, a bill to help tackle the drug abuse
epidemic in communities in New Mexico and across the nation. Udall and Heinrich
voted for the bill, which passed the Senate 94-1. But Senate Republicans blocked
an amendment Udall and Heinrich cosponsored to add $600 million in emergency
funding to the bill to directly aid health and law enforcement professionals in
the fight against addiction. Udall and Heinrich have called on Congress to do
more to help communities, law enforcement, community health workers and others
on the front lines of the fight against drug addiction.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: April 2, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              690 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                     The Chronicle (Centralia, Washington)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             March 7, 2013 Thursday

Construction Postpones Proposed Pedestrian Bridge over Skookumchuck River

BYLINE: Kyle Spurr, The Chronicle, Centralia, Wash.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 492 words


March 07--Plans for a pedestrian bridge over the Skookumchuck River in Centralia
will have to wait at least two more years until construction work from the
Interstate 5 widening project is completed, Lewis County Community Trails
President Steve Ward said.

The nonprofit Lewis County Community Trails proposed the pedestrian bridge,
which would connect the Fort Borst Park trail system and the Airport Trail
system, and had the city of Centralia apply last year for about $500,000 in
grant funding.

"WSDOT liked the proposal, but they felt we had applied a bit too early," Ward
said. "The proposal was two years ahead of its time."

Crews working on the Washington State Department of Transportation widening
project between Mellen Street and Blakeslee Junction are finishing two bridges
over the Skookumchuck River, which will connect two collector-distributor lanes.

The bridges are expected to be complete by this summer, but will not be
connected to the collector-distributor lanes until later in the project, WSDOT
Assistant Area Engineer Ty Hillebrand told The Chronicle in December.

WSDOT Local Program Manager Ken Hash said once the bridges are completed, Lewis
County Community Trails will be left with a 10-foot-wide shoulder for bike and
pedestrian traffic on the southbound bridge.

The grant money would then fund building ramps from the trail to the bridge,
Hash said.

While Community Trails waits for one bridge connection, Ward said the nonprofit
is moving forward with building a trestle over the Chehalis River on the Willapa
Hill Trail, which would expand the trail from the Veteran's Memorial Museum to
the Doty area.

Lewis County Community Trails will meet with the state parks department next
month to discuss the trestle, proposed to allow pedestrian, bike and emergency
vehicle traffic.

"That trestle would allow us to cross the Chehalis River and go 20 miles where
now just past Adna you have to stop," Ward said.

Ward said the trestle over the Chehalis River has already been approved by the
county and will be funded by the Federal Emergency Management Agency.

Construction on the trestle could begin as early as this summer, Ward said.

Lewis County Community Trails formed in 2006 to work with city and state
agencies, local business owners, the chamber of commerce and local citizens to
create an entire network of trails in Lewis County.

The current trails in the county are Discovery Trail, Borst Park Trail, Seminary
Hill Natural Area,

Airport Levee Trail, Willapa Hills Trail, Stan Hedwall Park and the walking
trail at Rotary Riverside Park.

Ward said all the trails are disconnected and in the future he hopes to create a
direct north to south connection, which could happen by connecting the Willapa
Hills Trail, commonly known as Rails to Trails, to let people travel from
Centralia to Pe Ell.

___ (c)2013 The Chronicle (Centralia, Wash.) Visit The Chronicle (Centralia,
Wash.) at www.chronline.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: March 8, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20130307-1CE-Construction-Postpones-Proposed-Pedestrian-Bridge-over-Skookumchuck
-River-0307-20130307

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1CE


                          Copyright 2013 The Chronicle


                              691 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            January 10, 2017 Tuesday

Washington: Tester Helps Secure New Non-Stop Flight from Billings to Dallas

LENGTH: 404  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: Office of the Senator Jon Tester has issued the following news
release:



 Senator Jon Tester has helped connect another Montana airport with a non-stop
flight to the Lone Star State.





 Beginning on June 2, American Airlines will administer a bi-weekly non-stop
flight between Billings Logan International Airport and Dallas/Ft. Worth
International Airport. Tester helped secure the $750,000 Small Community Air
Service Development Program grant from the U.S. Department of Transportation to
bring the new non-stop flight to Billings.



 "Bringing another non-stop flight to Billings will create jobs, increase
tourism, and help attract exciting new businesses to Yellowstone County," Tester
said. "American Airlines' decision to bring more flights to Montana is a
testament to the success of our local economy, and I will continue to fight for
more resources to expand air service in Montana and get more flights off of the
ground."



 "The recently announced new year-round, daily service to Dallas Fort Worth,
Texas area on American Airlines is a great opportunity for the Billings and
surrounding area to expand both its business and leisure travel, especially to
the South East, Caribbean, and Latin America," said Kevin Ploehn, Director of
Aviation and Transit for the City of Billings. "The fact that Billings was able
to utilize a Federal Department of Transportation Small Community Air Service
Development Program grant to help secure this new service was huge and we
appreciate the support provided by Senator Tester during the application,
appropriations and award of the grant."



 "Dallas is one of the top visited destinations for Billings residents that did
not have a direct connection-until now," said John Brewer, President and CEO of
the Billings Chamber of Commerce. "This service allows residents and the
business community to connect with the southeast United States in an efficient
manner and provides them the ability to travel to over 40 new cities in the
southeast with just one stop. We are a mobile society. Having good air service
to new destinations improves residential quality of life, encourages young
families and workforce talent to move here and aides in the recruitment of
business. The business community thanks Senator Tester for his support on
securing American."



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: January 11, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2017 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              692 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            January 10, 2017 Tuesday

Washington: Tester Helps Secure New Non-Stop Flight from Billings to Dallas

LENGTH: 404  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: Office of the Senator Jon Tester has issued the following news
release:



 Senator Jon Tester has helped connect another Montana airport with a non-stop
flight to the Lone Star State.





 Beginning on June 2, American Airlines will administer a bi-weekly non-stop
flight between Billings Logan International Airport and Dallas/Ft. Worth
International Airport. Tester helped secure the $750,000 Small Community Air
Service Development Program grant from the U.S. Department of Transportation to
bring the new non-stop flight to Billings.



 "Bringing another non-stop flight to Billings will create jobs, increase
tourism, and help attract exciting new businesses to Yellowstone County," Tester
said. "American Airlines' decision to bring more flights to Montana is a
testament to the success of our local economy, and I will continue to fight for
more resources to expand air service in Montana and get more flights off of the
ground."



 "The recently announced new year-round, daily service to Dallas Fort Worth,
Texas area on American Airlines is a great opportunity for the Billings and
surrounding area to expand both its business and leisure travel, especially to
the South East, Caribbean, and Latin America," said Kevin Ploehn, Director of
Aviation and Transit for the City of Billings. "The fact that Billings was able
to utilize a Federal Department of Transportation Small Community Air Service
Development Program grant to help secure this new service was huge and we
appreciate the support provided by Senator Tester during the application,
appropriations and award of the grant."



 "Dallas is one of the top visited destinations for Billings residents that did
not have a direct connection-until now," said John Brewer, President and CEO of
the Billings Chamber of Commerce. "This service allows residents and the
business community to connect with the southeast United States in an efficient
manner and provides them the ability to travel to over 40 new cities in the
southeast with just one stop. We are a mobile society. Having good air service
to new destinations improves residential quality of life, encourages young
families and workforce talent to move here and aides in the recruitment of
business. The business community thanks Senator Tester for his support on
securing American."



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: January 10, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2017 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              693 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                         Telegraph Herald (Dubuque, IA)

                              June 8, 2015 Monday

Report: Internet speeds spotty in Iowa

BYLINE: Alicia Yager alicia.yager@thmedia.com

SECTION: A; Pg. 3

LENGTH: 556 words


A new report shows while nearly 94 percent of Iowa households have at least some
form of broadband Internet access, a significant gap still exists between
availability in rural areas and urban centers.

Connect Iowa, a public-private nonprofit initiative, has been collecting data
related to the state of broadband high-speed Internet across Iowa since 2010.
The full report released this month includes maps of different broadband
providers and speeds across Iowa, usage statistics and customer surveys results.

The report said 93.99 percent of Iowa households had access to an Internet
service provider with download speeds of at least 3 megabytes per second (Mbps)
as of October 2014. But when tracking speeds of 10 or 25 Mbps, the number of
providers dropped off dramatically.

"There`s a definite gap as you walk up the speed tiers," said Phillip Brown, of
Connect Iowa.

Brown said another stark contrast shown by the study is the lack of availability
for high-speed Internet in rural areas. He said 73.43 percent of homes in the
state have access to service download speeds of 25 Mbps, but the homes are in
less than 9 percent of the state`s geographic area.

Brown said having wireless Internet in rural areas would be a benefit for
farmers who have sophisticated tractors and other equipment with computers that
use Internet or GPS.

Along with assessing the current state of broadband in the state, Connect Iowa
also is working with communities to help identify opportunities for growth.

Nic Hockenberry, assistant director of the Jackson County Economic Alliance, has
been involved in compiling local statistics with independent and municipal
service providers into a survey to submit to Connect Iowa, which then will offer
suggested actions to take.

"We will convene our community group and choose from that list of action items
three to five that our county wants to focus on," Hockenberry said.

Hockenberry said an added benefit of the group participation is a better working
relationship between the economic alliance and the county`s Internet service
providers.

"We have the contacts now where a company can come into the county with specific
broadband needs and we know who to contact and where to site that (company)," he
said.

Hockenberry said with current Internet services, there are limits to where
businesses can relocate within the county. Expanding the geographic options as
well as enhancing service would have a positive economic impact, he said.

However, expanding broadband speed and access across the state would take a
significant investment from service providers. Brown said the Iowa Legislature
approved a bill granting property tax relief for service providers expanding
their broadband infrastructure, as well as establishing the framework of a grant
program. An Associated Press report said the grant program is not funded with
state money.

Brown said there also are federal incentives being offered, as the Federal
Communications Commission is pushing a national benchmark of 25 Mbps for
downloading.

Brown said that while there is an obvious market for higher-speed Internet in
urban centers, the return on investment for service providers is more "elusive"
in rural areas.

"We`ll continue in the foreseeable future to confront the challenge of rural
services with fewer households and fewer potential users," Brown said.

LOAD-DATE: June 8, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2015 Woodward Communications, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              694 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                             The New Times (Kigali)

                               December 09, 2015

YALI Connect Camp to Equipe Young African Entrepreneurs With Skills

BYLINE: Theogene Nsengimana

LENGTH: 365 words


The Young African Leaders Initiative (YALI) connect camp in Kigali is expected
to help members acquire skills that will enable them to improve their business
skills.

Speaking at the opening of the YALI connect camp 2015 in Kigali on Monday, Dr
Yusuf Kalyango, an associate professor and director of the Institute for
International Journalism at Ohio University's Scripps College of Communication,
said the camp is an opportunity for young African entrepreneurs to learn from
each other to improve on what they do.

"It is understandable that the USA has realised that Africa is not a place where
to dump funds for aid but a place to partner with in development. What we do in
this camp is to give these young entrepreneurs the tools they need to perform
better and engage the community in development," Kalyango said.

The Mandela Washington Fellowship (MWF) for Young African Leaders is a flagship
programme of US President Barack Obama's Young African Leaders Initiative
(YALI), seen as a signature US effort to invest in the next generation of
African leaders as they spur growth and prosperity, strengthen democratic
governance, and enhance peace and security in Africa.

The YALI connect camps are regional week-long workshops that offer MWF alumni an
opportunity to share and advance their professional skills and networks with
other young leaders in their communities.

Jeanine Ampulire, a Rwandan participating in the 2015 YALI connect camp in
Kigali, said the camps help to expand their knowledge.

She said, "After attending the camp held at Arizona University, I learned more
about how others engage in charity. I also realised that we, the young
generation, can achieve more if we changed our mindset and commit to work hard."

For Willy Conrad Asseko-Allogo, another camp participant, from Gabon, who is
also the general manager for Les Transports citadins, a company dealing in city
transport in Gabon, there is a need for mentorship to help young Africans
exploit their potential.

The YALI connect camps are funded by a grant from the US Department of State's
Bureau of Education and cultural affairs, and are administered by the Institute
of International Journalism (IIJ) at Ohio University.

LOAD-DATE: December 9, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2015 AllAfrica Global Media.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              695 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                            The Eagle (Bryan, Texas)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           September 26, 2014 Friday

United Way to assess best way to make impact in community

BYLINE: Caitlin Perrone, The Eagle, Bryan, Texas

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 451 words


Sept. 26--The United Way of the Brazos Valley is aiming to raise at least $1.3
million in the next fiscal year while also determining how it can best support
its 20 locally partnered agencies.

Over the next year, the organization will complete a community impact study to
assess how to best make a difference in the Brazos Valley, said Alison Prince,
the president and CEO of the agency. The United Way focuses on education,
financial literacy and promoting health, and the study will also determine how
to best raise the dollars needed for its current programs.

"Over the next 12 months, we're going to be looking at how we go about best
investing our dollars in the community, how to achieve maximum impact, to really
move needles on the issues around education, financial stability and health,"
Prince said.

The organization kicked off its annual community campaign hand-in-hand at the
ribbon-cutting event for the BB&T bank in Bryan on Thursday, where the bank
donated $100,000 to the United Way, the largest corporate contribution in the
61-year history of the organization.

"We really felt like the United Way had done a lot of good things for the
community each and every day. So, for us, it was the best choice," said Glen
Davis, the market president of the BB&T. "We knew [the money] would touch a lot
of lives."

The money raised will be doled out in community impact grants, or money that
funds the United Way's 20 partner agencies, including Project Unity, Twin City
Mission, Health For All and the Brazos Valley Council on Alcohol and Substance
Abuse.

Elizabeth Dickey, the executive director of the Health for All clinic, said the
United Way not only helps provide for medical labs, medications and exams for
thousands of uninsured patients every year, but also provides the funds for some
of the nurses needed to help serve patients.

"A lot of grants or funders are excited about the programmatic parts of physical
patient care, but unfortunately we wouldn't be able to provide patient care if
we didn't have nurses here to help facilitate that, so that's something the
United Way has helped us tremendously with," she said.

About half of the projected funds will also be used to serve the agency's four
programs.

The agency funds 2-1-1 Texas, a free information and referral center that
connects residents to community resources in their area, the Brazos Valley
Financial Fitness Center, the Youth Leadership Cabinet that connects
high-schoolers with opportunities to participate with United Way, and Volunteer
Brazos Valley, which connects volunteers with nonprofit agencies.

___ (c)2014 The Eagle (Bryan, Texas) Visit The Eagle (Bryan, Texas) at
www.theeagle.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: September 26, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20140926-EG-United-Way-to-assess-best-way-to-make-impact-in-community
-0926-20140926

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: EG


                            Copyright 2014 The Eagle


                              696 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                             March 4, 2010 Thursday
                                 Every Edition

Foundation rewards students' 'green' ideas;
Grants encourage creative solutions

BYLINE: Avis Thomas-Lester

SECTION: EXTRAS; Pg. VA22

LENGTH: 790 words


Environmentalist Lisa Junta was concerned about the waste generated by the
disposable lunch trays used at her Fairfax County high school.

"They use polystyrene trays, which are then burned for energy. But when
polystyrene is burned, it releases certain toxins into the environment," the
Springfield teenager said. "They had reusable trays in the past, but they didn't
want to use the washing machines" because there was a concern that doing so was
environmentally unsound, too.

So Junta, a 16-year-old sophomore at Thomas Jefferson High School for Science
and Technology and publicist for the school's Environmental Impact Club, decided
to make it a mission to "green" the school's lunchroom.

She heard about a contest sponsored by the National Environmental Education
Foundation in which high school students could apply for grants for projects to
help the environment. She proposed greening her lunchroom by replacing the
burnable trays with reusable ones that would be cleaned by student and parent
volunteers.

She created a budget, came up with an implementation plan and submitted her
proposal. She estimated that the reusable trays would cost about $450 total and
she needed $50 for bins to keep them in. She would count on friends from the
Environmental Impact Club and the National Honor Society to volunteer to wash
the trays. The PTA would be asked to find parent volunteers.

The "Green Tray Project" was needed because "every day, between 275 and 300
polystyrene lunch trays are thrown away," she wrote in her proposal. "That
amount of waste equals about 20 pounds of plastic. . . . Lisa will introduce
reusable, washable trays, which will eliminate trash and will reduce the
continuous expenditure made by the school on lunch trays.

"My effort to eliminate trash in the form of lunch trays will be just one step
taken in the process of greening my cafeteria, my school, and the many schools
of Fairfax County," she wrote.

Last week, Junta learned that she had been awarded a $1,000 Planet Connect
grant: $500 for the project and $500 to pay her during an internship with an
environmental engineering company this summer.

Mariama Souley Dounda of Westlake High School in Waldorf also won a grant for
her proposal to create "a larger-than-life, bottle-shaped sculpture that will be
filled with flattened aluminum cans, bottles and plastic bags" to encourage
people to "reduce, reuse, recycle or reject items that end up littering streets,
parks, forests, waterways and oceans," said Dan Seligson, communications
director for the National Environmental Education Foundation.

According to her project's goals, Dounda wants her art to "encourage students
and the larger community to consider the impact that their litter can have and
how to creatively use recycled materials."

More than 30 students from across the country applied for the grants, Seligson
said. Junta and Dounda were among 10 students awarded grants.

"Both Mariama and Lisa stood out for their innovative ideas and desire to solve
everyday problems," Seligson said. "Lisa saw an opportunity at school to cut
down on waste, and Mariama found a way to not only create artwork out of
discarded items but also to raise awareness and to educate her community about
litter. These are two great ideas that will make a difference in their schools.
We're excited to see how these projects turn out."

More grants will be announced this year, he said.

"This is an impressive group of students who are not only demonstrating a
commitment to protecting the environment and appreciating nature but have come
up with creative and effective ideas for solving the problems that they see,"
Diane Wood, president of the National Environmental Education Foundation, said
in a statement. "Their unique projects will inspire their classmates and their
communities, and we're proud to support their efforts."

Bennie F. Adams III, a Prince George's County teacher, praised the program for
inspiring students.

"The Planet Connect grants are great, because they offer students an opportunity
to positively impact their communities and environment," Adams, a ninth-grade
English teacher at Duvall High School in Lanham, said in a statement. "The
internships also offer the students an opportunity to gain valuable work
experience to help prepare them for the green economy."

Junta said she is proud of her accomplishment and called the grant "a good
start" toward her work to help the environment. She hopes to attend West Point
and become an environmental engineer in the military.

"The problem facing most teens that want to have a positive impact on the
community is they have no money," Junta said. "Now, I can actually do it. It
gives you a good feeling that you can impact the environment in a positive way."

LOAD-DATE: March 4, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Fairfax South

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2010 The Washington Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                              697 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             July 28, 2016 Thursday

Washington: SCHUMER: FED FUNDS ARE THE MISSING LINK THAT WILL FINALLY CLOSE THE
LOOP ON ONONDAGA LAKE&#226;&#128;&#153;S MULTI-USE TRAIL SYSTEM; LOOP-THE-LAKE
TRAIL COULD SOON BE A MAGNET FOR TOURISTS AND SYRACUSE BICYCLISTS AND HIKERS;
SENATOR LAUNCHES MAJOR PUSH TO SECURE MULTI-MILLION DOLLAR FED INVESTMENT

LENGTH: 907  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: Office of the Senator Charles E. Schumer has issued the following
news release:



 U.S. Senator Charles E. Schumer today visited Syracuse to announce a major push
to secure a competitive federal Transportation Investment Generating Economic
Recovery (TIGER) grant through the U.S. Department of Transportation (DOT) that
would finally complete the Loop the Lake trail system. The resurgence of
Onondaga Lake and its lakeside properties has been a long time effort and this
federal funding is the last piece of the puzzle when it comes to connecting a
trail network around the lake, providing increased waterfront access, commercial
and recreational opportunities and more. Schumer said this year is Onondaga
County's best chance in decades achieve this vision dating back to 1928 and will
help to make Onondaga Lake a recreational magnet for residents and visitors
alike.





 "Onondaga County's proposed plan to complete the Loop the Laketrail system
would be a game changer for the county and all of Central New York. The
completion of this critical trail system has real potential to better connect
residents and visitors alike with the kinds of local businesses they can invest
in and become a magnet for regional tourism, as well as stand as a testament to
the success of the hard-fought restoration of Onondaga Lake," said Schumer.
"This project is the definition of what TIGER grant funding is all about, and
that's why I am urging the DOT to award the nearly $10 million in funding that
will make this project's completion a reality."



 Schumer explained that the Onondaga Lake Multiuse Trail Project has been
underway for years and is critical to expanding waterfront access and improving
recreational opportunities in Central New York. The entire trail project - which
when completed will include a 13-mile continuous bicycle and pedestrian trail
system around Onondaga Lake - will also connect to other popular regional trails
including the Erie Canal Trail and the Creek Walk Trail. However, in order to
complete the project there is a 2.8 mile section of the trail located
southeastern shore of Onondaga Lake in Syracuse that must be completed. This
section represents the final phase of the Multiuse Trail Project and without
federal funding to help cover the $13.3 million cost of this section the project
will remain incomplete and the full potential of this regional recreational
trail network will not be realized. Therefore, Schumer pledged to fight for $10
million in federal TIGER funding to complete this final and critical segment of
the trail and to make the Multiuse Trail Project vision a reality.



 The Onondaga Lake Multiuse Trail Project is aimed at completing a trail network
that connects the various communities and attractions located along its shores.
This completed trail network would provide uninterrupted access to the lake
area's unique natural, recreational and economic amenities for the residents of
the City of Syracuse.  The project would also allow access to, and the enjoyment
of, several efforts to reinvent Onondaga Lake as a valuable community resource.



 Onondaga Lake was once the site of thriving tourism, fishing and salt
production industries through the 19th Century and into the early 20thCentury.
However, early industrial activity along the lake's western shore degraded its
environmental quality to the point that its waters were deemed unsafe for
swimming by 1940, and by the 1970s fishing was banned on the lake. Onondaga Lake
and its shoreline were eventually considered to be the most polluted water body
in the United States.



 However, after years of remedial efforts and hundreds of millions of dollars in
investment by both public and private sector stakeholders, Onondaga County and
its communities are witnessing the dramatic restoration of the lake and its
shoreline. The efforts to clean up areas that were once considered contaminated
have led to vast improvements in Onondaga Lake's environmental conditions.
Today, the Lake attracts more than 1.5 million visitors annually and is a
seasonal home to a growing concentration of the American Bald Eagles.



 Schumer explained that these successful remediation results of the cleanup
effort have led the lakefront and surrounding areas to be targeted for a number
of private and public development projects, including the effort to complete the
bicycle and pedestrian loop around Onondaga Lake. Schumer said this effort would
not only provide greater public accessibility to the communities and areas
surrounding the lake, but also serve as a testament to the success of
environmental restoration. That is why Schumer is pushing for significant
federal funds to complete the network of trails encircling Onondaga Lake and its
nearby communities.



 Schumer was joined by Onondaga County Executive Joanie Mahoney.



 "Our East and West shore trails are enjoyed by over a million runners, walkers,
bikers and others each year. Our 'Loop the Lake' vision is to continue until the
trail is complete all the way around Onondaga Lake," said Onondaga County
Executive Joanie Mahoney. "This funding would be an important piece to bridge
the final gap in this continuous trail system as well as connect with the Creek
Walk and Erie Canal Trail.  We appreciate Senator Schumer's efforts to help
secure this grant."



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com



LOAD-DATE: July 29, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              698 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                              Chicago Daily Herald

                             June 28, 2012 Thursday

Two plans vie for Oak Ridge Park renovation

BYLINE: By Taylor Goldenstein tgoldenstein@dailyherald.com

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 4

LENGTH: 404 words


About 50 people attended a pair of Lindenhurst Park District public input
meetings to hear about the development of Oak Ridge Park, an 18-acre park near
the Heritage Trails and Providence Woods subdivisions.

Tom Lippert, park district director, said the meetings Monday and Tuesday were
meant to inform residents about two proposed Phase I plans for the site. The
plans include extending an existing pedestrian pathway off Independence
Boulevard so in the future it may connect to an underpass across Grass Lake Road
and adding recreational amenities. The amenities include a water play area,
nine-hole Frisbee golf course, soccer field, open play area, shelters, restrooms
and 60-car parking lot.

"The active recreational aspects that we're including and the public open space
is very, very important," Lippert said. "I think those are areas we can improve
on, and (this project) just gives us more opportunity to provide recreational
programming for our community."

The pathway would connect the park to Heritage Trail Park, Millburn West School,
McDonald Woods Forest Preserve and Forest View Park. It would keep with the 2008
Community Pedestrian and Bicycle Comprehensive Plan.

The project would take about two years to complete, Lippert said.

The two plans differ mainly in the park entrance's location. The first creates
an entrance off Grass Lake Road, which would require widening the road and
adding a turn lane, and the second creates an entrance off Independence
Boulevard.

Lippert said the plans received a positive response both nights.

The park district will apply for a $400,000 matching grant from the Open Space
Land Acquisitions grant from the Illinois Department of Natural Resources, which
is due by July 1. Most of the matched funding would come from capital
improvement funds and a soccer program maintenance fee, Lippert said. He
estimated that the entire project will cost about $1 million.

The state department denied a park district grant application last year, citing
a lack of funding, but also pointed out a need for more recreational rather than
infrastructure additions.

Lippert said he is encouraged by the fact the same department administered the
land acquisition grant that earned the park district the land originally.

"It's not the first time around, or, frankly, the second time around, that (the
department) has seen the value of this property and what it could mean for the
community," he said.

LOAD-DATE: June 28, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2012 Paddock Publications, Inc.


                              699 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                           Palm Beach Post (Florida)

                           August 27, 2008 Wednesday
                                 FINAL EDITION

PLAYGROUND, PICNIC AREA TO COMPLETE PARK

BYLINE: By TIM PALLESEN Palm Beach Post Staff Writer

SECTION: NEIGHBORHOOD POST; Pg. 9

LENGTH: 463 words


A contractor has been hired to build a playground and picnic area to complete
the heart of activity for the city's original section at Ira Van Bullock Park.

The Greenacres City Council awarded a $117,662 contract Aug. 18 to West
Construction Inc., the lowest of six bidders on the project.

"This will benefit children in the area of the city that needs it most," Leisure
Services director Michelle Thompson said after the vote.

The playground, picnic area and gazebo will connect Ira Van Bullock Park to the
Greenacres Community Center, offices for Leisure Services and two buildings that
house the city's after-school programs.

The project became possible after an old public works building on the site was
demolished in January.

A federal community development grant of $74,626 will help pay for the
improvements.

Greenacres is eligible for federal help to improve its original section because
more than half of the families living there have low to moderate incomes.

"This will get lots of use," planning director Tom Lanahan said.

Safe shortcut coming: The council chose another contractor to pave, light and
landscape a public bicycle and pedestrian trail that links two schools and two
city parks.

The $173,780 trail, originally proposed by County Commissioner Jeff Koons,
earned a Florida Department of Transportation grant as a safe shortcut for
children going to Liberty Park Elementary School and Okeeheelee Middle School.
It will also provides safer bicycle and pedestrian access to Greenacres
Community Park and Freedom Park.

Green Construction Technologies Inc. was the lowest of nine bidders.

The trail is the first link in what Koons calls the Great Greenacres Greenway, a
network of trails that eventually could also link Cholee Lake Elementary, the
new Pine Jog Elementary and the county's Okeeheelee Park.

Library gets access road: The Greenacres Branch Library soon will have access
from the east that won't require library users to navigate busy Jog or Lake
Worth roads.

The city council, in its third Aug. 18 bid award, chose West Construction for a
$59,890 project to connect Dodd Road to Woodlake Boulevard.

Woodlake connects to Biscayne Drive, an east-west road into the Pine Ridge
developments and the city's original section.

SalsaFest an annual event? The Palms West Chamber of Commerce has given
Greenacres another $5,000 in hopes that its SalsaFest can become an annual event
at Greenacres Community Park.

The first SalsaFest drew 5,000 there this past November. The second event is
planned for Nov. 22.

"We look forward to the next one," Mayor Sam Ferreri said after receiving a
second $5,000 from a Palms West official.

The money will pay registration fees so children from low-income families can
participate in the city's athletic programs.

~ neighborhood@pbpost.com

LOAD-DATE: September 24, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES:  GREENACRES Central Palm Beach County

GRAPHIC: MAP (B&W)
 STAFF GRAPHIC Heart of Greenacres

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2008 The Palm Beach Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              700 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       Silver City Sun-News (New Mexico)

                              July 23, 2010 Friday

Tyrone, North Hurley get $4M for wastewater treatment

BYLINE: By Christine Steele / csteele@scsun-news.com

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 528 words


SILVER CITY - The U.S. Department of Agriculture's Rural Development office is
releasing more than $4 million in both grants and loans to help the communities
of Tyrone and North Hurley improve wastewater treatment systems.

The news was announced in a statement released by Sen. Jeff Bingaman's office
Thursday.

"Upgrades and improvements to a community's water infrastructure can be costly,
especially in the current economic climate. I am pleased the USDA is pitching in
with grant and loan opportunities to help get these projects done," Bingaman
said.

The Tyrone Property Owners Association will receive a $661,000 loan and a $2.51
million grant, which together should more than cover the cost of construction to
build a sewage lift station and a sewer force main that will connect Tyrone with
the town of Silver City's sewage collection system for transport to Silver
City's wastewater treatment plant, said Jay Jordan, Tyrone townsite manager.

"It will eliminate the wastewater lagoons," said Robert Esqueda, utilities
director for the town of Silver City.

The new lift station will be built near the current lagoon site, he said.

The project is contingent upon the county building a sewer line extension to the
site of the new detention center, where the Tyrone extension will tie into the
city system, Esqueda said.

"The county will need to construct their extension and Tyrone will have to do
all the engineering and easement," he added.

Jordan said Tyrone's Preliminary Engineering Report was recently completed.

"We will be tying at the top of Ridge Road," he said.

Grant County will receive a $339,000 loan and $980,100 in grant funding to
connect the North Hurley Sewer Collection and Treatment System to the Regional
Wastewater Treatment System with a single lift station.

County Manager Jon Paul Saari said that funding will also cover the complete
cost of construction of the project.

Previously the county thought it might be able to do the project with Community
Development Block Grant funding, but that funding is capped at $500,000, Saari
said, and the cost of the project is $1.2 million. So the county applied for the
funding through the USDA, with the help of the Southwest Council of Governments,
he said.

"Once we get all the funding secured it is about a 12-month construction
period," he said.

The project will tie the line from North Hurley to the Tri City Wastewater
Treatment Plant in Bayard.

North Hurley is also currently on a pond system, like Tyrone.

Saari said the project should not have an averse effect on wastewater rates for
those residents.

"We have worked very hard to make sure their rates won't be any higher than $30
a month," he said.

In addition to the wastewater funding, the USDA also released a $49,000 grant
and a $67,000 loan to help purchase three Dodge Chargers and one Chevy Tahoe, as
well as related equipment, for the Bayard Police Department. The Chevy Tahoe
will allow the department to respond to the higher elevations within the service
area. The three Chargers will replace the vehicles that have high mileage and
where the maintenance is becoming a financial burden.

Christine Steele can be reached at (575) 538-5893, ext. 5802.

LOAD-DATE: July 24, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


        Copyright 2010 Silver City Sun-News, a MediaNews Group Newspaper
                              All Rights Reserved


                              701 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                   Bluefield Daily Telegraph (West Virginia)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                              April 1, 2013 Monday

Cline ready to jump in as redevelopment director for Bluefield

BYLINE: Kate Coil, Bluefield Daily Telegraph, W.Va.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 1089 words


April 01--BLUEFIELD -- The city of Bluefield is hoping to keep the momentum of
its economic development plan with the hiring of a new redevelopment and
planning director.

This week, Josh Cline will be resigning his position as director of Alumni
Relations and Annual Giving at Bluefield College and assuming the position of
Redevelopment and Planning Director for the city of Bluefield.

Cline graduated from Bluefield College in 2009 with degree in business
administration focusing in management and communications. A graduate of Tazewell
High School, Cline said he got his start in business long before starting
college.

"Both of my parents owned small businesses," Cline said. "My father is a CPA
with offices in Bluefield and Richlands. When I was in college, I sold real
estate in Tazewell for my mother's company, which really helped me learn to work
in sales-type positions and build relationships. Both of my parents have been
great role models."

The position Cline will be filling with the city was previously known as the
city's economic development director. Cline said the name change to the position
reflects how his role will be different than former Economic Development
Director Greg Shrewsbury's role for the city.

"There will be a heavier focus on grant writing, community relations and special
projects," Cline said. "Blue Momentum will be one of the first special projects
I will be working on for the city. When I start on April 3, I will be sitting
down with (City Manager) Jim Ferguson and creating a project list. We will be
discussing specifically which city projects I will be working on. I will spend
my first weeks getting to know local business owners and Team Blue members, to
have conversations and talk with them. I know many people already from living in
the community."

Cline said finding out what grants are available for city projects and when,
will also be a priority in his first days on the job.

"I want to get a grasp on the grant cycle the city has and get settled into
that," Cline said. "Building a calendar for grants as well as exploring new
grants and opportunities the city can pursue will be a priority. It is important
to have structure and routine, to see when things are due so you can hit up
different things throughout the year. It also helps build relationships with the
grant organizations, see their priorities, and see how we can connect what they
are looking for with what the city needs. Following up and showing those
organizations how their money has been spent is also a very important part of
building those relationships."

As part of the position, Cline will be aiding local organizations with obtaining
grants focused on city improvement.

"I will be a liaison to the merchants and other groups in the city as far as
grant writing," Cline said. "The office I work for currently at Bluefield
College handles all grants at the college. I haven't authored any myself, but I
do a lot of proofreading and reviewing of the grants, so I do have experience
with that. That helps us ensure we are getting out one main message point. For
example, if the Bluefield Beautification Commission is looking for project
funding I can help find grants and funds aimed at that project to make it a
success."

Cline said he recognizes the city faces some challenges as far as redevelopment.

"The city of Bluefield has seen a lot of decline and the challenge is finding
new industry, new opportunities and balancing investing in what we have while
bringing in new business," he said. "Bluefield is a great little town and has a
lot of great small businesses with great success stories. It is easy to hear the
negatives, but we need to look to the positive stories and use them to stay
motivated."

Finding the city's niche is one way Cline feels Bluefield can encourage new
growth.

"There has been progress before me but we have to overcome that hump of looking
for fresh ideas and something new," he said. "The world and markets continue to
change, and we have o find our niche and what we can offer that is unique.
Suggestions from the industrial committee in Team Blue have been giving us a lot
of great ideas on how we can continue to be involved in the energy markets."

Cline said the people of Bluefield will be an important asset in his job.

"I work in a job based around relations now, and the people in this community
are really wonderful," he said. "They have great work ethic and attitudes, which
will be a great asset for me and is a great asset for Bluefield. It is a cliche,
but economic development and redevelopment really takes a village. It's a long
process that takes supportive people who are proud of their hometown and are
positive about it. The growth we need isn't going to happen overnight. We need
to be the change we want to see. If you want to have a clean community, pick up
the litter you see. If you want to see bigger events come to this community,
attend and support the events we already have."

Cline said partnerships with educational institutions in the immediate area are
another way he is hoping to encourage development.

"Partnership with our local educational institutions is a huge opportunity," he
said. "In addition to Bluefield State and Bluefield College, we have resources
at Concord and Southwest Virginia Community College we can pull from. There is a
lot all of the students in this area can offer."

Cline said transportation also gives the city unique opportunities.

"Transportation, especially the rail depot, continues to provide great
opportunities for business," Cline said. "Bluefield has a location that allows
it to connect to so many areas and hubs on the East Coast. We have to continue
working hard to bring in businesses that can benefit from the railroad."

Cline said he hopes to be a part of positive change for the community.

"I really feel this is an exciting time for Bluefield," he said. "There is a lot
of positive energy and movement in the community. It is an exciting thing to be
a part of. I am a man of faith and I did a lot of praying before accepting the
position. I really felt led and I hope I can make a difference in community I
live in and I love Bluefield. My late mother was from Bluefield. My grandmother
was here and my uncle runs a business my grandfather established in Bluewell.
It's always been a place I have loved."

-- Contact Kate Coil at kcoil@bdtonline.com

___ (c)2013 the Bluefield Daily Telegraph (Bluefield, W.Va.) Visit the Bluefield
Daily Telegraph (Bluefield, W.Va.) at bdtonline.com Distributed by MCT
Information Services

LOAD-DATE: April 2, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20130401-WF-Cline-ready-to-jump-in-as-redevelopment-director-for-Bluefield-0401-
20130401

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: WF


                    Copyright 2013 Bluefield Daily Telegraph


                              702 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                Computer Column

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             April 4, 2013 Thursday

Nonprofit connects farmers with local businesses

BYLINE: Alia Wilson, The Cupertino Courier, Calif.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 597 words


April 04--The seeds planted by the Community Alliance with Family Farmers 35
years ago are now taking root in Santa Clara Valley.

The member-based nonprofit that began advocating for California's family farmers
in Yolo County in 1978 has since spread throughout the state. Headquartered in
Davis, CAFF has offices in the North Bay, South Bay, East Bay, Humboldt and
Watsonville.

Just last month, CAFF was awarded a $255,000 Specialty Crop Block Grant from the
California Department of Food and Agriculture and the Heller Family Foundation.
The funds will help CAFF launch its specialty crop marketing campaign "Buy Fresh
Buy Local Santa Clara Valley," the first agriculture campaign to promote local
growers in the Silicon Valley.

The campaign connects local family farmers to restaurants, retailers and
wholesalers to bring locally grown food to Santa Clara Valley shoppers. CAFF
provides Buy Fresh Buy Local marketing materials to businesses and farmers,
while educating the general public about the importance of eating locally.

"Agriculture is very much alive in our region," said Sadie Clements, CAFF
regional manager of Santa Clara Valley. "We have some of the richest soil in all
nine counties in the Bay Area. We want the community to really get behind this
and put their dollars behind local farmers."

CAFF will release the first Santa Clara Valley "Local Food Guide" publication in
January, as well as its searchable online database

of local food throughout the state, which is updated annually. The print and
online guides reach at least 150,000 Bay Area residents.

Many of the CAFF growers farmed in Cupertino, Sunnyvale and San Jose when
orchards and farmland still reigned supreme, but have since moved to the south
valley.

"The agricultural community has definitely been pushed more to the south for
Santa Clara Valley, but what CAFF hopes to accomplish is to make people in the
Santa Clara Valley be more aware that all of this rich agricultural history is
still happening in the valley," said Ashley Alvarez-Perlitch, CAFF Buy Fresh Buy
Local coordinator for the Santa Clara Valley.

"Those people are still here and have been farming for years and years. We have
to help them stay alive and stay strong. California has some of the most fertile
soil in the world; we can't just keep paving over it."

Some of the local restaurants and farms that have already expressed interest in
participating in Buy Fresh Buy Local include Chef's Choice Produce Company in
San Jose; The Table in San Jose; Country Gourmet American Bistro in Sunnyvale;
Mission City Creamery in Santa Clara; Abounding Harvest Mountain Farm in Los
Gatos; Full Circle Farm in Sunnyvale; and several farms in Gilroy, Hollister and
San Juan Bautista.

"The timing of the grant couldn't be better," Matt Landi, New Leaf Community
Markets produce director, said in a press release. "New Leaf has worked with
CAFF, their Buy Fresh Buy Local marketing campaign and to purchase from their
farmer members for many years on the Central Coast. We have recently opened a
new store in San Jose and will be opening another this spring in Pleasanton. We
are excited to showcase the local agriculture grown in the Santa Clara Valley"

For more information about the 'Buy Fresh Buy Local Santa Clara Valley' campaign
or to be listed in the Local Eaters Guide, contact Sadie Clements at
sadie@caff.org or 408.390.8285. Also visit facebook.com/CAFF.SCV and caff.org.

___ (c)2013 The Cupertino Courier (San Jose, Calif.) Visit The Cupertino Courier
(San Jose, Calif.) at www.mercurynews.com/cupertino Distributed by MCT
Information Services

LOAD-DATE: April 6, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20130404-1CP-Nonprofit-connects
-farmers-with-local-businesses-0404-20130404

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1CP


                         Copyright 2013 Computer Column


                              703 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       The Star (Shelby, North Carolina)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             April 4, 2013 Thursday

Nonprofit connects farmers with local businesses

BYLINE: Alia Wilson, Sunnyvale Sun, Calif.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 596 words


April 04--The seeds planted by the Community Alliance with Family Farmers 35
years ago are now taking root in Santa Clara Valley.

The member-based nonprofit that began advocating for California's family farmers
in Yolo County in 1978 has since spread throughout the state. Headquartered in
Davis, CAFF has offices in the North Bay, South Bay, East Bay, Humboldt and
Watsonville.

Just last month, CAFF was awarded a $255,000 Specialty Crop Block Grant from the
California Department of Food and Agriculture and the Heller Family Foundation.
The funds will help CAFF launch its specialty crop marketing campaign "Buy Fresh
Buy Local Santa Clara Valley," the first agriculture campaign to promote local
growers in the Silicon Valley.

The campaign connects local family farmers to restaurants, retailers and
wholesalers to bring locally grown food to Santa Clara Valley shoppers. CAFF
provides Buy Fresh Buy Local marketing materials to businesses and farmers,
while educating the general public about the importance of eating locally.

"Agriculture is very much alive in our region," said Sadie Clements, CAFF
regional manager of Santa Clara Valley. "We have some of the richest soil in all
nine counties in the Bay Area. We want the community to really get behind this
and put their dollars behind local farmers."

CAFF will release the first Santa Clara Valley "Local Food Guide" publication in
January, as well as its searchable online database

of local food throughout the state, which is updated annually. The print and
online guides reach at least 150,000 Bay Area residents.

Many of the CAFF growers farmed in Cupertino, Sunnyvale and San Jose when
orchards and farmland still reigned supreme, but have since moved to the south
valley.

"The agricultural community has definitely been pushed more to the south for
Santa Clara Valley, but what CAFF hopes to accomplish is to make people in the
Santa Clara Valley be more aware that all of this rich agricultural history is
still happening in the valley," said Ashley Alvarez-Perlitch, CAFF Buy Fresh Buy
Local coordinator for the Santa Clara Valley.

"Those people are still here and have been farming for years and years. We have
to help them stay alive and stay strong. California has some of the most fertile
soil in the world; we can't just keep paving over it."

Some of the local restaurants and farms that have already expressed interest in
participating in Buy Fresh Buy Local include Chef's Choice Produce Company in
San Jose; The Table in San Jose; Country Gourmet American Bistro in Sunnyvale;
Mission City Creamery in Santa Clara; Abounding Harvest Mountain Farm in Los
Gatos; Full Circle Farm in Sunnyvale; and several farms in Gilroy, Hollister and
San Juan Bautista.

"The timing of the grant couldn't be better," Matt Landi, New Leaf Community
Markets produce director, said in a press release. "New Leaf has worked with
CAFF, their Buy Fresh Buy Local marketing campaign and to purchase from their
farmer members for many years on the Central Coast. We have recently opened a
new store in San Jose and will be opening another this spring in Pleasanton. We
are excited to showcase the local agriculture grown in the Santa Clara Valley"

For more information about the 'Buy Fresh Buy Local Santa Clara Valley' campaign
or to be listed in the Local Eaters Guide, contact Sadie Clements at
sadie@caff.org or 408.390.8285. Also visit facebook.com/CAFF.SCV and caff.org.

___ (c)2013 the Sunnyvale Sun (San Jose, Calif.) Visit the Sunnyvale Sun (San
Jose, Calif.) at www.mercurynews.com/sunnyvale Distributed by MCT Information
Services

LOAD-DATE: April 6, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20130404-1SS-Nonprofit-connects
-farmers-with-local-businesses-0404-20130404

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1SS


                            Copyright 2013 The Star


                              704 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                    Daily Journal of Commerce (Portland, OR)

                            November 12, 2010 Friday

Portland's Hillsdale Terrace takes 2nd shot at grant funding

BYLINE: Nathalie Weinstein

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 628  words


The Housing Authority of Portland isn't giving up on its bid for federal funding
for a $45.4 million redevelopment of a low-income housing complex it owns in
Hillsdale.

Hillsdale Terrace's 60 units house 239 residents, and 80 percent of them make
less than $20,000 per year. The 41-year-old affordable housing development is
plagued by soil erosion and mold, and does not comply with the Americans with
Disabilities Act.

The U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development last year rejected HAP's
application for federal money; however, the public corporation now is partnering
with Habitat for Humanity in an attempt to secure $18.5 million in HOPE VI
revitalization grants.

The HOPE VI federal program provides grants to transform the nation's worst
public housing projects into mixed-income developments. The 15-year-old program
has demolished 96,200 public housing units to produce 107,800 units of new or
renovated housing, including 56,800 to accommodate for the most poverty-stricken
families, according to HUD.

At Hillsdale Terrace, HAP plans to demolish 60 units of low-income housing and
replace it with 122 units of housing for multiple income levels.

After HAP's application was rejected last year, its director of development and
community revitalization, Michael Andrews, met with a HUD representative to see
how it could strengthen its next one. He discovered that HAP missed out on grant
money by a narrow margin.

"Our first application was well received but not as competitive as it needed to
be," Andrews said. "We've spent the last year making it stronger. "

He said HAP did that by forming a new partnership with Habitat for Humanity that
will allow several Hillsdale Terrace residents to buy permanent homes, and by
developing an improved site plan to connect housing to nearby neighborhoods.

HAP plans to purchase property nearby for seven new homes to be built by Habitat
for Humanity's Portland Metro/East chapter, according to Steve Mezenetti, the
nonprofit's executive director. The plan is to give Hillsdale Terrace residents
an opportunity to purchase a home via financial assistance offered by Habitat
for Humanity. The homes are expected to meet Earth Advantage standards for
energy efficiency.

"By partnering with HAP, we may have additional financing toward purchasing
property in Southwest Portland," Mezenetti said. "These houses will provide an
opportunity for families to move out of subsidized housing and become
homeowners. "

Another criterion for HOPE VI grants is for the project to connect low-income
housing with the community. Historically, that is a challenge for low-income
housing, Andrews said. Hillsdale Terrace, for example, is on a hill back from
busy Capitol Highway. To remedy this, HAP this year purchased three pieces of
land surrounding the property so that the redevelopment can take place at street
level.

"The topography in Southwest (Portland) makes this a challenging site," Andrews
said. "But we've found ways to connect. We'll have two pedestrian connections
and we've developed a partnership with a church on the Southwest corner of our
site to develop a community garden to provide food for our residents. "

The project also has more financial backing than last year, Andrews said. HAP
missed out on points last year under HUD's category for financial leverage. This
year, HAP has $6 million from its own budget, $5 million from the city of
Portland and approximately $4 million in state low-income housing tax credits.

"The tax credit from the state is something we didn't have the last go-round,"
Andrews said. "It's one more thing that shows we're ready to proceed with this
project. "

HAP plans to submit its HOPE VI application before the Nov. 22 deadline. The
organization expects to hear back from HUD next summer.

LOAD-DATE: November 19, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Government activity

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2010 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved


                              705 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               India Energy News

                     October 17, 2012 Wednesday 6:30 AM EST

Entergy: City of McComb Wins $100,000 Makeover from Entergy Mississippi

LENGTH: 518  words


New Delhi, Oct. 17 -- With the resurgence of passenger travel by rail,
small-town America is reclaiming its historic centers-the rail depots that
connect travelers with communities, thus increasing tourism and benefiting local
businesses.



McComb is one such place, and city leaders' proposal to revitalize its downtown
Depot District has snagged the city $100,000 in cash and in-kind services in
Entergy Mississippi, Inc.'s 2012 Mississippi Makeover grant competition. To
ensure a strong partnership, the city must match the grant with at least $25,000
in cash and $25,000 of in-kind support.

"As Mississippi goes, so goes Entergy," said Haley Fisackerly, Entergy
Mississippi president and CEO. "Our employees live and work in the communities
we serve. When the communities grow, so does Entergy, so it's in everyone's best
interest to make our communities the best they can be."

"It was a tough competition, and we applaud all of the participating communities
for their hard work and creative ideas."

Representatives from Entergy Mississippi, Mississippi Main Street Association,
Mississippi Development Authority, Mississippi Arts Commission and the Carl
Small Town Center at Mississippi State University judged the competition.

Under McComb's winning proposal, the Ironwood Greenway will be developed to
connect disparate parts of the city. Project funding and volunteers will clean
up, clear and landscape the rail yard boundaries and public lands along the
approaches to the McComb Depot. As part of the project, community leaders will
also work with Entergy volunteers to:

* Light the historical coal chute

* Create a green screen with Leland cypress

* Restore period light fixtures

* Provide seating at an observation point and

* Erect historical markers.

"Amtrak trains transport 7,000 passengers twice a day on the Chicago-New Orleans
route, and Canadian National operates daily freight services," said Mayor
Whitney Rawlings, who led the team of community leaders that developed the
proposal. "By reclaiming our historic center, we'll dramatically improve the
first impression of rail travelers to our city. That will pay off in benefits to
our city as tourism increases and our industrial rail customers see us as a city
on the move."

The 'shovel-ready' project encompasses the east and west boundaries of the
north/south railroad tracks that serve as a dividing line through the city. This
will bring economic benefits to the neighborhoods along the tracks, increasing
property values. The project will also generate jobs for skilled laborers and
equipment operators.

"We're so excited about how this project complements the other things we've been
working on in our historic center," said Libba Alford, president of the McComb
Main Street Association. "We've recently expanded our Depot Museum Park, and
we're planning an expansion of our Depot Museum railcar collection and
pavilion."

"And we just won a Brownfield Grant to assess railroad property and to create
more recreation opportunities for our citizens," she added. "As these projects
all come together, our Depot District will be our city's crown jewel!"

LOAD-DATE: October 18, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


                           Copyright 2012 Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              706 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                             Brentwood Weekly News

                                 March 18, 2013

Volunteer group gets £30,000 training boost

SECTION: BRENTWOOD NEWS (BRENTWOOD NEWS)

LENGTH: 296  words


A MENTORING group has been given £30,000 to train volunteers for support
projects in Brentwood.

Inspiration Youth Call, based in Basildon, received the grant funding through
Essex County Council's Family Innovation Fund which will pay for the Brentwood
Connect scheme.

The project will provide training for volunteers who will help give peer support
to families in the borough.

Staff from the group are looking to recruit people for the scheme, particularly
those who have battled through personal challenges themselves.

Chief executive Ayo Oshunremi said he was happy to be in a position to help
residents in Brentwood overcome obstacles in their lives.

He added: "I am incredibly pleased for Inspiration Youth Call to be working with
local communities in Brentwood.

"We are excited to be offering opportunities to local people to gain skills
through volunteering and empower them to make a real difference in their
community.

"Brentwood Connect will continue and extend the work we are already doing in
Essex, inspiring young people and their families."

Ray Gooding, county councillor responsible for childrens services, said the
authority is also pleased to be able to fund a scheme like this.

He said: "Brentwood Connect is an exciting project that really delivers what we
wanted the Family Innovations Fund to achieve.

"The fund has been designed to support Essex County Council's wider work to
provide the best outcomes for children and families in the county.

"I am delighted we have been able to work with and provide funding to the
voluntary and community sector for these innovative projects across the county."

Anyone interested in volunteering should contact Olivia McLennan or Lade
Oshunremi on 01268 920080 or 08000 803046, or e-mail
brentwoodconnect@inspirationyouthcall.com

LOAD-DATE: March 18, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2013 NewsQuest Media Group Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              707 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               India Pharma News

                    November 11, 2015 Wednesday 6:30 AM EST

Bristol-Myers Squibb Foundation Awards Five Grants Totaling More than $2.77M to
Programs Supporting Post-9/11 Military Veterans, Their Families, Caregivers

LENGTH: 945  words


Nov. 11 -- To honor Veterans Day and the sacrifices and contributions of
America's military personnel and their families, the Bristol-Myers Squibb
Foundation today announced five new grants totaling more than $2.77 million to
help military veterans and their families transition back to civilian life and
provide assistance to caregivers of wounded veterans.

The grants were awarded through the Foundation's Mental Health & Well-Being
initiative, which supports community-based solutions that address the mental
health and community integration needs of U.S. military service personnel
returning from active duty, their families and the families of the fallen.

"The needs of our military veterans and their families span a range of issues
that include physical and mental health challenges, employment and education
needs, social connections, housing and long-term care of veterans wounded in
action," says John Damonti, president, Bristol-Myers Squibb Foundation. "A major
component of the programs our partners are developing and implementing involves
peer support, which has been shown to be an effective way to connect with and
help veterans and their families. We are proud to support our partners in their
efforts to minimize the barriers transitioning military veterans and their
families face upon leaving the service."

The University of Michigan received a two-year, $848,870 grant to expand and
scale up its replicable Peer Advisors for Veteran Education (PAVE) program,
which connects student veterans on participating college and university campuses
with upper-level student veterans who can help them navigate college life and
refer them to appropriate resources when needed. A 2012 grant from the
Foundation funded a prototype program that was piloted on 10 campuses; the new
version of PAVE that will be developed through the grant will be introduced to
an additional 30 campuses at universities across the country.

The platform for the national rollout includes tools for training campus teams,
a mobile application that tracks student veterans' needs and use of the program
and web-based access to resources, program materials and outreach strategies for
campus teams.

"The largest percentage of separated veterans is now on college campuses, due to
the passage of the Post 9-11 GI Bill," says Jane Spinner, project officer,
Strategic Initiatives, University of Michigan Depression Center and Department
of Psychiatry. "The transition from the military to academia can be challenging,
but we have already seen the impact of PAVE on student veteran health and
wellness through a prior grant from the Bristol-Myers Squibb Foundation. The
ability of peers to overcome stigma issues around asking for help has been
powerful."

Tragedy Assistance Program for Survivors (TAPS) received a grant of $326,125 to
continue implementing the Military and Veteran Community Network's (MVCN) Online
Caregiver Peer Support Community Program, one of three structured programs
introduced as part of a comprehensive nationwide network of support for veteran
caregivers. The grant supports MVCN's platform for hosting peer dialogues among
caregivers and the soon-to-be launched online peer support groups.

"The Military and Veteran Caregiver Network is helping to reduce caregiver
isolation by giving them a safe and secure place to 'meet' to discuss their
shared lived experiences and common concerns," says Lynda Davis, Ph.D.,
executive director, MVCN and executive vice president, TAPS. "Over the past
month alone, almost 1,400 caregiver comments have been shared through the online
community."

The grant will allow MVCN to continue implementing the Online Caregiver program
so the impact of peer-based support on health outcomes specific to military and
veteran caregivers can be evaluated by RAND, also the recipient of a Foundation
grant. RAND received $425,000 to conduct a study of MVCN's peer-engaged
caregivers of veterans to assess the program's impact and how program activities
led to those outcomes. The study is expected to demonstrate the positive impact
of peer support as a key component of behavioral health service to the military
and veteran community.

RAND also received a separate $175,000 grant to map the distribution of evidence
for peer support programs for veterans. The project will provide an overview of
the focus, quantity and quality of existing research on peer-led interventions
related to health promotion and disease prevention and identify different types
of peer-support programs based on the formal roles that peers play, including
providing social support, mentorship, information and referral and treatment.

Rosalynn Carter Institute for Caregiving (RCI) received a three-year, $600,000
grant to pilot an all-volunteer workforce version of Operation Family Caregiver,
a support program for caregivers of service men and women who have been wounded
in action. Volunteers will come from Blue Star Families, a national veteran
service organization, and will include former members of the National Guard, the
Reserve and active military service or family members of military service
members or veterans.

Zero8hundred received a two-year, $397,422 grant to implement the Physical and
Mental Health support segment of the Military Transition Support Project, which
engages peer counselors and uses an online network to link transitioning
military families locating in San Diego, California, to a broad range of
resources and opportunities in the community. Physical and Mental Health is one
of four pillars of a Veteran's Wellness Framework. The others are Education and
Jobs, Basic Needs and Personal/Social Connections.

Source: Bristol-Myers Squibb

LOAD-DATE: November 12, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


                           Copyright 2015 Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              708 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                Western Advocate

                              July 11, 2014 Friday

d

SECTION: EARLY GENERAL NEWS; Pg. 9

LENGTH: 378 words


There's more good news on the NBN. Residents in Spring Hill and nearby Spring
Creek are now able to access NBN services following construction of two fixed
wireless towers in the area. As readers would be aware, there are several towers
under construction around Calare.

To connect to the NBN's fixed wireless service, residents need to contact their
preferred telephone company or internet service provider to book a signal
quality test.

A full list of services providers and further information on the connection
process is available at www.nbnco.com.au/connect
-home-or-business/information-for-home/fixed-wireless.html.

More than 100,000 premises are now covered by NBN fixed wireless services, an
almost fourfold increase over the past 12 months. This includes 20,000 premises
in rural and regional areas across the country.

n n n

Applications for grant funding under the new Department of Social Services (DSS)
grant arrangements are now open and close at 2pm on July 23.

These grants support thousands of local community organisations around the
country. They are for activities such as financial counselling, volunteering,
multicultural events, aged care improvements, disability support and adoption
support, to name a few.

I encourage local organisations of all sizes and backgrounds to apply for
funding under the new arrangements.

The Coalition Government is committed to empowering civil society to deliver
services that respond to issues in our community through this new round of
grants.

For further information go to www.dss.gov.au/grants. Applications can be
submitted online.

n n n

Local university students are encouraged to get involved with the Federal
Parliament by participating in The Speaker's University Challenge.

This year the Speaker is asking university students to explore the topic
"Freedom of speech in a modern day democracy".

Students are being asked to make a three-minute video to present their case on
the topic.

Entries will be judged against a set of criteria. As well as cash prizes on
offer, the top three entrants will be flown to Canberra and provided with two
nights' accommodation to join the Speaker for a formal function where the winner
will be announced.

Entries close on August 15.

For more information visit www.aph.gov.au/unichallenge

LOAD-DATE: July 10, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


             Copyright 2014 Fairfax Media Publications Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              709 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                Intelligencer Journal (Lancaster, Pennsylvania)

                             July 2, 2008 Wednesday

Hopes For West Earl Sewer Extension Rest With County

BYLINE: James Buescher, Correspondent

SECTION: B; Pg. 6

LENGTH: 470  words

DATELINE: Lancaster, PA


BY JAMES BUESCHER

Correspondent

For residents of Talmage, dealing with sewer issues always has meant tackling
problems on their own, often by using private septic systems or sand mounds.

Now, thanks to a recent push by West Earl Township, that may change.

To address sewer issues, township officials have applied for funding from the
Lancaster County Housing and Redevelopment Authority's Community Development
Block Grant program, which helps fund housing and infrastructure projects.

West Earl supervisor John Ford said Tuesday that, if his municipality receives
the grant money, it would use the funds to connect Talmage to the township's
existing sewer system.

We have a good, functioning sewer with a good capacity in our township. The
trick is to expand it, he said.

The goal of applying for this money ... is to connect about 100 homes to this
existing system.

Plans are in place and the meter is running. We're just hoping that the LCHRA
can help us defer some of these costs.

Authority executive director Matthew Sternberg confirmed Tuesday that his
organization had received West Earl's proposal, and said a decision should be
made by October.

This is a complicated program, but the goal is to help people of low and
moderate income living in Lancaster County, Sternberg said.

Presently we're reviewing the matter internally, making sure that everything
regarding West Earl's application is in order. After that, it will go on to our
community review committee.

Being mandated under the state's Act 537 - which requires that all
municipalities throughout the state develop and implement plans that deal with
existing sewage disposal problems and provide for future needs - West Earl
township manager Pat Barrett said in March that bringing a sewer to Talmage is a
priority for West Earl officials.

Construction on the project should begin sometime in 2009, Barrett said, though
he couldn't say when the project might end.

The community review committee, Sternberg said, is made up of between 20 and 30
citizen representatives who review all grant applications and then vote to make
a recommending decision.

That recommendation then gets passed on to the Lancaster County Commissioners,
who have the final say on how and where any money gets spent.

In the past we've had so many projects we've had to divide the county into
different sections and then review projects based on each area, Sternberg said.
However, in the last few years, we've been able to get the job done with just a
single smaller committee.

When the federal Department of Housing and Urban Development (the source of the
funding) looks at the CDBG program it looks for community involvement. So that's
why we rely on a volunteer committee made up of citizen representatives to
review these applications ... and make a recommendation as to what should be
funded.

LOAD-DATE: July 2, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2008 Lancaster Newspapers, Inc.


                              710 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                        Watertown Daily Times (New York)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                          September 30, 2009 Wednesday

Hospitals to share $18m in grants

BYLINE: Rebecca Madden, Watertown Daily Times, N.Y.

SECTION: BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL NEWS

LENGTH: 796 words


Sep. 30--Claxton-Hepburn Medical Center, Ogdensburg, will see the largest
immediate local impact from the most recent round of the Health Care Efficiency
and Affordability Law of New York State grants.

Nearly $18 million will be awarded to local hospitals and organizations, but the
$2,609,000 Claxton-Hepburn will receive from HEAL NY Phase 11 will cause some
disruption when the Residential Health Care Facility residents and employees are
relocated to other local facilities.

Hospital spokeswoman Laura C. Shea said they'll be relocated over the next few
months when the hospital closes and renovates the Residential Health Care
Facility. The facility now has 17 residents and employs 22 people.

The facility will be renovated to expand the pulmonary function testing,
occupational and speech therapy and sleep lab programs.

The sleep lab, which tests for sleep apnea and other disorders, will be moved
from the third floor and two beds will be added to the two-bed unit.

According to Mrs. Shea, the programs that will be expanded are in short supply
and high demand.

"We have a waiting list for them, and we know this is due to the space," she
said. "They are services we know are needed in the community, so we're
responding to these needs by making more available."

Building plans are still being developed for the pulmonary function testing and
occupational and speech therapy programs, but hospital officials do not expect
to add any staff.

"The plan was to make the space more efficient without staff," Mrs. Shea said.

Although Claxton-Hepburn's grant may have the largest immediate impact, it was
only 15 percent of the nearly $18 million north country hospitals and
organizations will receive through the HEAL NY awards.

The largest HEAL NY Phase 11 award, which was given to hospitals toward capital
restructuring initiatives, went to Samaritan Medical Center. The Watertown
hospital received $7,971,000.

Hospital spokeswoman Krista A. Kittle said the award will be used for the
renovation phase of the medical center's $61 million expansion and renovation
project. Those renovations include centralizing outpatient services such as
radiology and the lab, Ms. Kittle said.

"It'll be consolidated to make them easier to find for patients," she said. "In
addition to the outpatient center, we also are planning renovations in
maternity, which includes expansion and relocation of the neonatal intensive
care unit."

A two-floor walkway that will connect the medical center and Samaritan Keep Home
also will be included in the renovation phase.

Another HEAL NY Phase 11 recipient was Carthage Area Hospital. The hospital
received $400,000 toward its community health center expansion project.

Carthage Area Hospital Administrator Walter S. Becker said the state grant puts
the project "in great shape."

"We were awarded a Restore NY grant for $579,000 already, so with that we are at
$979,000," he said. "We need another $250,000 to actually get the project
started."

The expanded community health center on Spring Street will house pediatric and
primary care services. Mr. Becker said he hopes the project's ground-breaking
will be on track for early 2010, with a fall 2010 opening.

"This money is a big help for our hospital, and it'll help us recruit physicians
to the hospital because it'll be a new place to work," Mr. Becker said.

The Fort Drum Regional Health Planning Organization received a HEAL NY Phase 10
grant, for community-based health information technology projects.

Denise K. Young, the organization's executive director, said she was surprised
yet pleased to hear the organization received $6,676,804. The money will fund
the North Country Health Information Partnership, which will implement
electronic medical records and health information exchange to improve care for
patients with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease.

The project will connect to the Statewide Health Information Network for New
York.

"We're in the very beginning stages," Mrs. Young said. "It's hard to imagine the
impact this can have on patient care in this region."

Samaritan Medical Center, Carthage Area Hospital, Lewis County General Hospital
in Lowville, River Hospital in Alexandria Bay and E.J. Noble Hospital,
Gouverneur, will benefit from the Health Information Partnership. Urgent care
centers and primary care physicians also will be a part of the project.

To see more of the Watertown Daily Times, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go
to http://www.watertowndailytimes.com. Copyright (c) 2009, Watertown Daily
Times, N.Y. Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints,
email tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send
a fax to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee
Ave., Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: October 2, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20090930-WE-HOSPITAL-GRANTS-20090930

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: WE


                      Copyright 2009 Watertown Daily Times


                              711 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                              Lancashire Telegraph

                             July 15, 2010 Thursday

Cuts to East Lancashire counter-extremism projects

SECTION: EAST LANCASHIRE NEWS (EASTLANCASHIRE)

LENGTH: 363 words


PROJECTS to tackle extremism across East Lancashire are facing the axe because
of government funding cuts.

Blackburn with Darwen and Burnley have been given hundreds of thousands of
pounds under the Preventing Violent Extremism programme, using it to fund a
number of local projects.

The scheme was set up by the Labour Government in 2007 and is aimed at working
with the Muslim community to tackle home-grown terrorism.

But it has proved controversial, with critics accusng it of 'singling out' the
Muslim community and failing to connect with the 'grass roots'.

Now it is being reviewed by the Home Office as the new coalition looks to make
spending cuts.

It is almost certain to be cut back, along with other 'area-based grants' to
town halls, which will be slashed by up to 40 per cent.

Yesterday Lib Dem cohesion minister Andrew Stunell confirmed it was under review
at a speech in London.

Cohesion worker Anjum Anwar, who is based at Blackburn Cathedral, was in the
audience.

She said: "He told us changes would be made, and quite right too.

"Prevent has made the Muslim community the problem. It needs to look at all
extremism as a whole, but instead it has segregated Muslims out and put them
under a microscope."

She said the work wrongly focussed on community leaders, who she branded
'gatekeepers' for failing to connect with the wider Muslim population.

In 2008/09 Blackburn with Darwen council was given £185,000 of Prevent cash.
Grants included £25,000 to establish an Imams' forum, £29,700 to Lancashire
Council of Mosques to fund 'community interactors', £15,000 for a study centre
for under-achieving Pakistani students, and an exchange programme between
mosques and the cathedral.

In Burnley, which was given £105,000, projects included leadership courses and
the Building Bridges programme, which works with mosque leaders.

But all are now under threat because of looming spending cuts.

A Home Office spokesman said: "We are reviewing the Prevent strand of
counter-terrorism strategy."

Salim Mulla, of the Lancashire Council of Mosques, said: "They are scrapping it,
and we completely agree.

"We do not agree with Prevent and this will have no impact on the brilliant work
we do."

LOAD-DATE: July 18, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2010 NewsQuest Media Group Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              712 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                        Santa Cruz Sentinel (California)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                            February 17, 2017 Friday

Santa Cruz downtown library promotes new veterans information center

BYLINE: Jessica A. York, Santa Cruz Sentinel, Calif.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 615 words


Feb. 17--SANTA CRUZ -- Just inside the main entrance to the Santa Cruz Public
Library's downtown branch, retired librarian Johanna Bowen of Live Oak can be
seen waiting patiently to attract the attention of veterans and their families a
couple hours each week.

Bowen, 74, is one of six volunteers who have helped staff the library's new
Veterans Information Center in the past two months. The veteran-centric space is
designed to connect veterans and their families with local, state and federal
resources on education, employment, housing, health, disability and other
benefits. Some 25 veterans have been directly benefitted since its "soft
opening" in December, librarian and Veterans Resource Center program director
David Addison said.

On Thursday, library officials along with partner veteran service organizations
hosted a ribbon cutting ceremony and networking for the new resource center.

"We are basically a link in the chain of countywide service providers and have
immediate impact on veterans seeking help at the library," Addison told about
two dozen people gathered for the event.

Veterans may sometimes face feelings of isolation in the community, both from
interpersonal relations and information resources, Mayor Cynthia Chase said
during the event. The new center will offer a chance to determine if vets and
their families are eligible for benefits of which they were unaware.

"I think the libraries are really bringing together part of our community that
really needs to know how valued they are for their service, for their part in
our community and this is just a great way to do that," Chase said.

Bowen, after the ceremony, said three veterans and numerous other interested
community members have passed through during her two-hour weekly Monday morning
slots.

"I'm really happy to have found something as important as this to do in
retirement," said Bowen, who formerly served as library director at Cabrillo
Community College. "There are not people lining up. The word has to get out.
People who have not made connections have to hear about it and then they have to
find it. I think we're going to do well. I'm very happy with this library,
because I think it's doing things that public libraries didn't do for years and
years."

Santa Cruz's program, the Veterans Connect@ the Library partnership with the
State Library and California Department of Veterans Affairs, is funded by a
three-year National Library Services and Technology Act grant. Statewide, some
50 such veteran centers exist in public libraries.

Calvin Angel, with state Veterans Affairs, told those gathered that this was the
third such library center opening he had attended.

"These types of settings are going to make my job so much easier, because a
large part of what I do from Santa Cruz to Santa Barbara is trying to put
information out to veterans and connect them to the services and benefits that
are available to them," Angel said. "Someone's going to see this center and
realize that it applies to a family member of friend."

VETS INFORMATION CENTER

At a glance: Veterans Connect@ the Library, three-year federal grant to pair
veterans with benefits through referrals.

Hours: 1-3 p.m. Mondays, 10 a.m. to noon Tuesdays, 10 a.m. to noon Wednesdays.
Librarians also available for individual appointments.

Location: Downtown Santa Cruz library branch, 224 Church St.

Information: santacruzpl.org/veterans, vetconnect@santacruzpl.org

Volunteer: Contact David Addison at 831-427-7700, ext. 7671,
addisond@santacruzpl.org

___ (c)2017 the Santa Cruz Sentinel (Scotts Valley, Calif.) Visit the Santa Cruz
Sentinel (Scotts Valley, Calif.) at www.santacruzsentinel.com Distributed by
Tribune Content Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: February 17, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20170217-QC-Santa-Cruz-downtown-library-promotes-new-veterans-information-center
-0217-20170217

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: QC


                       Copyright 2017 Santa Cruz Sentinel


                              713 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                              March 9, 2015 Monday

Washington: President Obama Launches New TechHire Initiative

LENGTH: 2656  words

DATELINE: Washington


White House has issued the following news release:

The President and his Administration are focused on promoting middle class
economics to ensure that all Americans can contribute to and benefit from our
American resurgence. Part of that effort requires empowering every American with
the education and training they need to earn higher wages. Today's announcement
is the latest part of that effort: In his remarks to the National League of
Cities, the President will announce his TechHire initiative, including a new
campaign to work with communities to get more Americans rapidly trained for
well-paying technology jobs.

Middle class economics has driven the President from day one, and it is what has
fueled our comeback. On Friday, we learned that our economy created nearly
300,000 new jobs in February. American businesses have now added more than
200,000 jobs a month for the past 12 months, the longest streak of job creation
at that pace in 37 years. All told, over the past five years, our businesses
have created 12 million new jobs.

While we are seeing an economic resurgence, the President has made clear that
there is still work left to do. America has about 5 million open jobs today,
more than at any point since 2001. Over half a million of those job openings are
in information technology fields like software development, network
administration, and cybersecurity- many of which did not even exist just a
decade ago. The average salary in a job that requires information technology
(IT) skills - whether in manufacturing, advertising, retail or banking - is 50
percent higher than the average private-sector American job. Helping more
Americans train and connect to these jobs is a key element of the President's
middle-class economics agenda.

As part of that agenda, TechHire is a bold multi-sector effort and call to
action to empower Americans with the skills they need, through universities and
community colleges but also nontraditional approaches like "coding bootcamps,"
and high-quality online courses that can rapidly train workers for a well-paying
job, often in just a few months. Employers across the United States are in
critical need of talent with these skills. Many of these programs do not require
a four-year degree. Key elements of the initiative include:

Over twenty forward-leaning communities are committing to take action - working
with each other and with national employers - to expand access to tech jobs. To
kick off TechHire, 20 regions, with over 120,000 open technology jobs and more
than 300 employer partners in need of this workforce, are announcing plans to
work together to new ways to recruit and place applicants based on their actual
skills and to create more fast track tech training opportunities. The President
is challenging other communities across the country to follow their lead.

$100 million in new Federal investments to train and connect more workers to a
good job in technology and other in-demand fields. The Administration will
launch a $100 million H-1B grant competition by the Department of Labor to
support innovative approaches to training and successfully employing low-skill
individuals with barriers to training and employment including those with child
care responsibilities, people with disabilities, disconnected youth, and limited
English proficient workers, among others. This grant competition will support
the scaling up of evidence-based strategies such as accelerated learning,
work-based learning, and Registered Apprenticeships.

Private sector boosts tools and resources to support and expand continued
innovation in technology training, with a focus on reaching under-served
populations. Private sector leaders are announcing commitments to provide free
training through online training slots and expanding "coding bootcamps" - which
provide intensive training for well-paying jobs, often in the course of just a
few months - to low-income and underserved Americans including women,
minorities, and veterans across the nation. National organizations are
committing to work with interested cities to share job and skills information,
job-matching tools, and other resources to help support the growth, adoption,
and creation of promising practices across the United States.

Details on the Tech Hire Initiative

The TechHire initiative builds on work communities like Louisville, St. Louis,
Philadelphia, New York City and the State of Delaware are doing to connect more
Americans to well-paying technology jobs through a potent combination of new
tools and training models:

Over twenty forward-leaning communities are committing to take action - with
each other and with national employers - to expand access to tech jobs: The
TechHire initiative will achieve its goals by connecting communities together so
promising ideas happening in one community can be rapidly adopted by other
regions. Today, 21 communities are stepping up and responding to the President's
call-to-action, including:

Louisville New York City Philadelphia Delaware City of Kearney and Buffalo
County, NE
Colorado St. Louis Salt Lake City San Antonio
Los Angeles Minneapolis Kansas City Memphis Rural Eastern Kentucky
Nashville Rochester Detroit San Francisco Albuquerque
Chattanooga Portland

Building on the promising work already underway in their communities, they are
all committing to three actions:

Using data and innovative hiring practices to expand openness to non-traditional
hiring: Having a data-driven assessment of employer demand is critical to
building a successful regional strategy. Communities are committing to work with
employers to build robust data on where they have greatest needs and what skills
they are looking for; communities will work with employers to build willingness
to hire from both nontraditional and traditional training programs; and
communities will work with employers to review -and upgrade -their recruiting
and hiring practices to enable non-traditional hiring.

 Expanding models for training that prepare students in months, not years:
Communities will recruit, incubate and expand accelerated tech learning programs
- such as coding bootcamps and innovative online training - which enable
interested non-tech-experienced students to gain coding skills in months, not
years. These new models also have potential to reaching to a broader set of
students than have traditionally chosen to pursue tech careers. These new
training programs can be run both independently or embedded as part of a local
community college or university education offering.

 Active local leadership to connect people to jobs with hiring on ramp programs:
Communities will build local strategies and partnerships to connect people to
jobs, with steps ranging from investing in and working with industry-trusted
organizations, which will vouch for those who have the skills to do the job but
who may lack the typical profile of degrees and career experience. They will
host local tech community gatherings with engaged employers, attract new
non-traditional training providers to their regions, and bring visibility to
existing local activities such as tech meet-ups, startup co-working spaces or
startup-weekends - which are already in place in most middle-size cities or
encouraging the founding of these groups if they are not available locally.

The Administration is encouraging more communities and employers to follow in
their lead with similar innovative strategies to advance these goals.

Examples of TechHire Community Commitments

St. Louis, MO. A network of over 150 employers in St. Louis' rapidly expanding
innovation ecosystem will build on a successful Mastercard pilot to partner with
local non-profit Launchcode, to build the skills of women and underrepresented
minorities for tech jobs, and will also place 250 apprentices in jobs in 2015 at
employers like Monsanto, CitiBank, Enterprise Rent-a-Car, and Anheuser Busch.

New York City, NY. With employers including Microsoft, Verizon, Goldman Sachs,
Google, and Facebook, the Tech Talent Pipeline is announcing new commitments to
prepare college students in the City University of New York (CUNY) system for
and connect them to paid internship opportunities at local tech companies. NYC
will also expand successful models like the NYC Web Development Fellowship
serving 18-26 year olds without a college degree in partnership with the
Flatiron School.

State of Delaware. The new Delaware TechHire initiative is committing to
training entry-level developers in a new accelerated coding bootcamp and Java
and .Net accelerated community college programs giving financial institutions
and healthcare employers, throughout the state, access to a new cohort of
skilled software talent in a matter of months. Capital One, Bank of America,
Christiana Care and others are committing to placing people trained in these
programs this year.

Louisville, KY. Louisville has convened over 20 IT employers as part of the Code
Louisville initiative to train and place new software developers, including
Glowtouch, Appriss, Humana, Zirmed, and Indatus. Louisville will build on this
work in support of the TechHire Initiative: the city will recruit a high-quality
coding bootcamp to Louisville and establish a new partnership between Code
Louisville and local degree granting institutions to further standardize
employer recognition of software development skillsets.

A $100 million competition for innovative approaches to connect Americans with
disabilities, disconnected youth, and others to the fastest path to a good job
in technology and other in-demand fields.

Today the Administration is announcing its commitment to make $100 million
available through the Department of Labor to support innovative approaches to
moving lower skilled workers with barriers to training and employment on the
fastest paths to well-paying information technology and high growth jobs in
industries like healthcare, advanced manufacturing, financial services and other
in-demand sectors. The grant will focus on providing workers the skills for a
pathway to the middle class while providing employers with the skilled
technology workers need to grow and expand. This grant will serve people with
barriers to accessing training including people with childcare responsibilities,
people with disabilities, people with limited English proficiency, and
disconnected youth, among others. It will serve both unemployed and low skilled
front line workers.

Grants will pilot and scale innovative partnerships between employers, workforce
boards, training institutions, non-profit organizations, and cities and states
across the country. These partnerships will support the implementation of
job-driven training strategies to help workers complete basic and technical
skills training using evidence-based strategies such as accelerated learning,
work-based learning and Registered Apprenticeships. A solicitation for
applications for these partnerships will be available this fall and awards will
be made next year. These grants will be financed by a user fee paid by employers
to bring foreign workers into the United States under the H-1B nonimmigrant visa
program.

Private sector leaders are announcing tools and resources to scale continued
innovation in technology training, with a focus on reaching under-served
populations.

Expanding accelerated models for training in months not years:

A group of 10 bootcamps are jointly announcing a shared, third-party validated
format for annually publishing completion and employment outcomes to help
continue to drive innovation in the bootcamp model.

The accelerated training providers Dev Bootcamp, Hack Reactor, Microsoft,
Treehouse Island, Inc., and Udacity will all be expanding free or discounted
training slots for underserved communities and individuals.

General Assembly will work with community colleges, other training providers,
and employers with the aim of further standardizing web development training
 .
 Flatiron School, Hackbright Academy, and Rural Sourcing are announcing they
will provide pro bono consulting to help interested communities expand and
improve training.

Cisco will provide select individuals interested in career opportunities in IT
with free access to online IT networking skills including hundreds of online
training assets.

Support for local leaders:

Opportunity@Work, a national civic enterprise that is launching at New America
today, will aim to connect policy to action and will collaborate with private
and philanthropic partners to create freely available tools to scale-up employer
commitments to inclusive hiring practices, to facilitate a nationwide learning
network for communities, and to create new financing to help lower-income
Americans be trained and placed into technology jobs.

Capital One, through its FutureEdge initiative, a $150 million effort that will
help increase tech skills and hiring, will collaborate with Opportunity@Work to
provide support tailored to the needs of communities.

#YesWeCode commits to delivering $10 million in scholarships for 2,000
underserved minorities across the nation, to attend coding bootcamps over the
next ten years.

Using data and innovative hiring practices to expand hiring to include
non-traditional training paths:

CEB will develop their own best practices playbook for employers with guidance
to private and public employers on how to recruit tech talent from
non-traditional sources.

LinkedIn will provide free data about the supply and demand of IT skills to
communities to help them identify shortages and focus training resources on
skills most in-demand.

Knack will for the first time make its aptitude test technology available free
of charge to employers, communities, and accelerated training providers that are
launching inclusive training and hiring campaigns aimed at underserved
minorities, women, and veterans.

A complete list of private sector commitments can be found here.

The President's Agenda to Create Pathways to the Middle-Class Through
High-Quality, Job-Driven Training. TechHire is part of the President's broader
agenda to invest in job-driven training:

Vice-President Biden's Job-Driven Training Review. The President's TechHire
initiative builds on the job-driven training review that the President asked the
Vice President to lead in the 2013 State of the Union. Amongst other findings,
the Vice President's review identified information technology generally and
cybersecurity in particular as an emerging area of growth that requires
job-driven training strategies to meet business needs and provide more workers
with a path to the middle class.

VA Accelerated Learning Competition. To ensure that Veterans can take full
advantage of innovative learning models, VA will apply $10M in innovation
funding to leverage accelerated learning and test its effectiveness for
transitioning Servicemembers and Veterans over the next two years. VA will
concentrate this initiative in communities where conditions are conducive for VA
to provide industry-specific and place-based support to Veterans and
transitioning Servicemembers

American Apprenticeship Grant Competition. Last year, DOL opened a $100 million
competition to spur partnerships between employers, labor, training providers,
and local governments to expand apprenticeships into high-growth fields like
information technology and scale models that work. The deadline for this
application is April 30, 2015, and more information is available at the Grants.
gov application page.

Information Technology Industry-Credentialing partnerships. The President's
FY2016 budget proposes $300 million to fund IT jobs partnerships between
regional employers to develop and adopt assessments and credentials that will
give more people the chance to qualify for a better, higher-paying tech job
regardless of their pedigree.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: May 6, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              714 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                              Daily the Pak Banker

                              March 6, 2011 Sunday

Frontier Communications Provides Netbooks to Connect Ohio ECO Graduates

LENGTH: 382  words

DATELINE: Karachi


Karachi, March 06 -- Frontier Communications [NYSE: FTR] announced today it will
provide netbook computers to graduates of the Connect Ohio "Every Citizen
Online" (ECO) computer and Internet training program who sign up for Frontier's
High-Speed Internet service with a price protection plan.

"We are partnering with Connect Ohio because we share the goal of helping
Ohioans access and adopt broadband service," said Dave Davidson, Senior Vice
President and General Manager for Frontier's Ohio operations. "The highlights of
Frontier's Ohio plan include making broadband available to at least 85 percent
of the households in our service area by December 31, 2013. To accomplish this,
Frontier has committed to making capital investments totaling more than $150
million over the next three (3) years. In addition, after an individual
completes the Every Citizen Online training, we will make certain he or she has
a computer to access all the Internet has to offer."

As part of Frontier's offer, a trained Frontier technician will set up and
install Frontier's High-Speed Internet service at the graduate's home.

"Frontier's willingness to make this exclusive offer to those who complete the
program is a valuable incentive for newly trained users," said Tom Fritz,
Executive Director of Connect Ohio. "The ECO program provides six hours of free
training to any adult who has no experience using broadband technology, and is
funded through a federal grant, local libraries, and other sources."

The Connect Ohio ECO free computer training programs are held at local
libraries, community colleges, senior centers and other public meeting areas.
The coursework includes three, 2-hour sessions covering computer basics, an
introduction to the Internet, and discussions about how broadband can be helpful
in daily life.

Within Frontier's Ohio service area, the ECO classes are held at various
locations in these twenty (20) counties: Adams, Ashland, Belmont, Brown,
Delaware, Erie, Hardin, Harrison, Highland, Huron, Lorain, Marion, Medina,
Otawa, Portage, Sandusky, Scioto, Seneca, Tuscarawas and Williams Published by
HT Syndication with permission from Daily Pak Banker. For any query with respect
to this article or any other content requirement, please contact Editor at
htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: March 7, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2011 Right Vision News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              715 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                               dailyrecord.co.uk

                       March 14, 2014 Friday 11:57 AM GMT

Lottery money to help pupils learn West Lothian's history;
West Calder High awarded money by Heritage Lottery Fund

BYLINE: By Marjorie Kerr

SECTION: NEWS,LOCAL NEWS

LENGTH: 425 words


A West Lothian school has received a grant of £4000 from the Heritage Lottery
Fund to develop pupils' knowledge of local history.

West Calder High School will use the money to fund a project which will give
pupils the opportunity to connect with their local industrial heritage and find
out about the life and work of James Young and his connections to David
Livingstone.

West Lothian has been designated as a Priority Area for the HLF.

The fund aims to sustain and transform a wide range of museums, parks, historic
places, archaeology, natural environment and cultural traditions through
innovative investment in projects with a lasting impact on people and places.

The school sits in the former grounds of Limefield House, which was owned by
James Young from 1855, and it is hoped that the project will allow students to
better understand his work and its impact on their local history.

Some of the grant money will be used to take pupils to the Almond Valley
Heritage Centre and the David Livingstone Centre in Blantyre, Glasgow, to help
expand the pupils' knowledge of the shale oil industry and their local
connections to it as well as allow them to develop a deeper understanding of
David Livingstone's life and work in Africa.

Pupils will also visit Limefield House and the Polbeth Community Walk in order
to better understand where James Young lived and where David Livingstone visited
and stayed.

The Community Walk will also take pupils past Limefield Falls, built as a
miniature replica of the Victoria Falls, to show James Young what the real
Victoria Falls, discovered by his great friend David Livingstone, looked like.

Funding will also be used to buy video cameras, and provide film-making
training, enabling pupils to produce videos of what they learn.

These videos will go online to allow the public to access these by scanning QR
codes placed in strategic locations throughout the local community.

They will also be available to borrow on DVD from local libraries.

Head teacher of West Calder High School, Fiona Rowland, said: "This grant will
really enhance the school's Livingstone-Young project.

"We are looking forward to creating resources which will benefit not only the
pupils, but the local community and visitors to the area in future.

"I'm sure it will help our pupils take a genuine pride in their local heritage."

Depute Leader of West Lothian Council, Cathy Muldoon, added: "We are delighted
that this project has secured funding from HLF. It is a very worthwhile project
which will allow students to connect with their local heritage."

LOAD-DATE: August 28, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBDAR


                      Copyright 2014 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              716 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           August 13, 2014 Wednesday

Washington: Healthy You, Healthy Community

LENGTH: 619  words

DATELINE: Washington


US National Park Services, The Government of USA has issued the following news
release:

The Jimmy Carter National Historic Site received an Americas' Best Idea Grant
from the National Park Foundation to support the "Healthy You, Healthy Community
Program" this summer. Funds for this grant were provided by the Ahmanson
Foundation, Chapman Hanson Foundation, the Fernandez Pave the Way Foundation and
Subaru. Inspired by the Ken Burns' film "The National Parks: America's Best
Idea", the program connects diverse, underserved and under-engaged populations
throughout the United States with their national parks in innovative and
meaningful ways through a variety of environmental, adventure, historical, and
other activities.

"The Healthy You,Healthy Community Program" was designed to instill the lessons
and values of the past that would inspire, encourage, and influence our youth to
create a generation that will be concerned with protecting our resources while
engaging in fun and educational activities. By doing so they would successfully
connect hard work with making a difference to provide motivation to our youth to
stay in school, break the cycle of poverty that tells them they will never
escape and become productive members of their communities.

The Jimmy Carter National Historic Site partnered with the Americus/Sumter
County Boys and Girls Club for this program in which eighteen (18) of the
community's youth were provided with the opportunity to engage with the National
Park Service, build self-esteem, unite with their local communities, and become
good stewards of the land. During the summer program they visited the park to
help plant the garden at the Boyhood Farm and learn about the site and the
National Park Service. They continued their work in the garden in the mornings
and learned about healthy food choices in the afternoon, what plants
grow/produce, and how they grow with visits from the Sumter County Extension
Service. They were visited by President Jimmy Carter who spoke to them about his
life on the farm and how hard work and dedication was influential on his life.

They continued their work in the garden and learned about composting and helped
build a worm bed as part of the interpretive display at the Boyhood Farm. The
group made a trip to the Chattahoochee River National Recreation Area in
Atlanta, Georgia, for a different perspective on the work of the National Park
Service. They harvested many vegetables from the garden and were able to provide
them to a local homeless shelter and food bank and also take some home for more
healthy food choices on their dinner tables.

The program concluded with a "Food Fest" that featured many of the vegetables
that they had grown and harvested from the garden. The community was invited to
a meal that was healthy, tasty and served by the program participants. The Jimmy
Carter National Historic Site was one of a few parks chosen to receive the grant
out of the 402 national parks that provided grant proposals to the National Park
Foundation. The Jimmy Carter National Historic Site would like to give special
thanks to the following; Friends of Jimmy Carter National Historic Site; Plains
Better Hometown; Buffalo Café, Plains; Mimmie's Diner, Plains; Mr. Bill Starr
and Ms. Mitzi Parker, Sumter County Extension Service; Global Graphics,
Americus; Plains Bed and Breakfast; Plains Community Center; Chattahoochee River
National Recreation Area, Sandy Springs, GA; and Jordan Kiemele, LeCordon Bleu
Culinary Chef, Rochester, MN.

The Jimmy Carter National Historic Site looks forward to continuing our
partnerships with the Boys and Girls Club and all our local partners.

For more information please visit: http://www.nps.gov/

LOAD-DATE: August 14, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              717 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            August 12, 2014 Tuesday

Washington: Healthy You, Healthy Community

LENGTH: 595  words

DATELINE: Washington


US National Park Services, The Government of USA has issued the following news
release:

The Jimmy Carter National Historic Site received an Americas' Best Idea Grant
from the National Park Foundation to support the "Healthy You, Healthy Community
Program" this summer. Funds for this grant were provided by the Ahmanson
Foundation, Chapman Hanson Foundation, the Fernandez Pave the Way Foundation and
Subaru. Inspired by the Ken Burns' film "The National Parks: America's Best
Idea", the program connects diverse, underserved and under-engaged populations
throughout the United States with their national parks in innovative and
meaningful ways through a variety of environmental, adventure, historical, and
other activities.

"The Healthy You,Healthy Community Program" was designed to instill the lessons
and values of the past that would inspire, encourage, and influence our youth to
create a generation that will be concerned with protecting our resources while
engaging in fun and educational activities. By doing so they would successfully
connect hard work with making a difference to provide motivation to our youth to
stay in school, break the cycle of poverty that tells them they will never
escape and become productive members of their communities.

The Jimmy Carter National Historic Site partnered with the Americus/Sumter
County Boys and Girls Club for this program in which eighteen (18) of the
community's youth were provided with the opportunity to engage with the National
Park Service, build self-esteem, unite with their local communities, and become
good stewards of the land. During the summer program they visited the park to
help plant the garden at the Boyhood Farm and learn about the site and the
National Park Service. They continued their work in the garden in the mornings
and learned about healthy food choices in the afternoon, what plants
grow/produce, and how they grow with visits from the Sumter County Extension
Service. They were visited by President Jimmy Carter who spoke to them about his
life on the farm and how hard work and dedication was influential on his life.

They continued their work in the garden and learned about composting and helped
build a worm bed as part of the interpretive display at the Boyhood Farm. The
group made a trip to the Chattahoochee River National Recreation Area in
Atlanta, Georgia, for a different perspective on the work of the National Park
Service. They harvested many vegetables from the garden and were able to provide
them to a local homeless shelter and food bank and also take some home for more
healthy food choices on their dinner tables.

The program concluded with a "Food Fest" that featured many of the vegetables
that they had grown and harvested from the garden. The community was invited to
a meal that was healthy, tasty and served by the program participants. The Jimmy
Carter National Historic Site was one of a few parks chosen to receive the grant
out of the 402 national parks that provided grant proposals to the National Park
Foundation. The Jimmy Carter National Historic Site would like to give special
thanks to the following; Friends of Jimmy Carter National Historic Site; Plains
Better Hometown; Buffalo Café, Plains; Mimmie's Diner, Plains; Mr. Bill Starr
and Ms. Mitzi Parker, Sumter County Extension Service; Global Graphics,
Americus; Plains Bed and Breakfast; Plains Community Center; Chattahoochee River
National Recreation Area, Sandy Springs, GA; and Jordan Kiemele, LeCordon Bleu
Culinary Chef, Rochester, MN.

For more information please visit: http://www.nps.gov/

LOAD-DATE: August 13, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              718 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            October 6, 2016 Thursday

Washington: At White House Rural Forum, USDA Unveils New Funding to Support
Rural Broadband and Economic Development

LENGTH: 862  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: United States Department of Agriculture has issued the following
news release:



 At the White House Rural Forum convened today at Pennsylvania State University,
Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack announced $32 million in loans and grants that
will promote economic development and provide access to broadband in more than
80 rural American communities. Vilsack, who is chair of the first-ever White
House Rural Council, convened the forum with rural policy, business and
nonprofit leaders to discuss pertinent issues facing rural communities,
including opportunities for economic growth and strategies for improving health
care and housing.





 "This funding will provide much-needed capital and bring cutting-edge
technology to rural communities across the country," Vilsack said. "Investments
in our rural businesses and communities, coupled with extending high-speed
broadband, have led to a resurgence of economic development, created jobs and
improved the quality of life in rural America. While we have made great
progress, our work to extend capital and technology to rural America is not
done."



 Significant gains have been made across rural America: Rural household income
climbed 3.4 percent in 2015, overall poverty and food insecurity fell
dramatically, rural populations have begun to rebound, non-metro areas have
added more than 250,000 jobs since 2014, and the share of rural Americans
without health insurance is now at an all-time low.



 The White House Rural Council, established by President Obama in 2011,
coordinates the Administration's efforts in rural America by streamlining and
improving the effectiveness of federal programs, engaging stakeholders on
priority issues, and coordinating private-sector partnerships to create economic
opportunity and improve the quality of life.



 With today's funding, USDA is investing in 86 projects through the Rural
Economic Development Loan and Grant program, the Rural Microentrepreneur
Assistance Program, the Intermediary Relending Program, the Rural Business
Development Grant Program and the Community Connect program.



 Examples of funded projects include:



     Jackson Energy Cooperative Corporation in McKee, Ky., will receive a $1
million Rural Economic Development loan to help the Kentucky Highlands Real
Estate Corporation retrofit an industrial building. The newly updated building,
located in Rockcastle County, will be leased to a private contractor that
processes medical records for the Veterans Administration. This project is
expected to create 190 jobs.

     Pine Telephone Company in Broken Bow, Okla., will receive a $3 million
Community Connect grant to build a state-of-the-art fiber network serving the
Choctaw Nation Tribal Jurisdiction. The money will also support staff for a
community center where individuals without computers can access the internet.

     The city of Anamoose, N.D., will receive a $218,462 Rural Business
Development Grant to renovate a former bank building. The refurbished building
will be leased to a new restaurant that will feature an evening and weekend menu
using locally-grown produce and meats.



 USDA Rural Development's business and telecommunications programs have had a
significant impact on rural lives and economies. In 2014, USDA provided a
$250,000 Rural Economic Development grant to Douglas Electric Cooperative, Inc.
in Armour, S.D., that it used to help the Delmont Fire Protection District
rebuild its fire hall. The previous fire hall had been destroyed by a tornado.



 At the Rural Forum, Vilsack also announced that more than $3 billion has been
invested since 2014 into rural infrastructure projects through a public-private
partnership with Capitol Peak Asset Management and CoBank, a national
cooperative bank and member of the Farm Credit System. Since USDA initiated the
partnership, the private-sector funding has helped finance more than 400
projects in the power, water, communications and community facilities
industries.



 Finally, Vilsack announced the continuation of the Rural Integration Models for
Parents and Children to Thrive (Rural IMPACT) demonstration project that was
launched last year. Rural IMPACT helps communities adopt a two-generation
approach to addressing the needs of vulnerable children and their parents. Its
goal is to increase parents' employment and education and improve the health and
well-being of their children and families.



 Rural IMPACT is led by the Department of Health and Human Services in
collaboration with USDA, the Department of Labor, the Corporation for National
and Community Service, the Appalachian Regional Commission, the Delta Regional
Authority, the Annie E. Casey Foundation, the W.K. Kellogg Foundation and other
philanthropic partners. These partners have selected 10 local and tribal
communities to receive technical assistance and capacity-building resources to
reduce child poverty, and placed AmeriCorps VISTA members there. The partners
are pleased to announce these member will be placed in the 10 Rural IMPACT
communities for a second year.





 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:

 editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 7, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              719 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            October 6, 2016 Thursday

Washington: At White House Rural Forum, USDA Unveils New Funding to Support
Rural Broadband and Economic Development

LENGTH: 862  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: United States Department of Agriculture has issued the following
news release:



 At the White House Rural Forum convened today at Pennsylvania State University,
Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack announced $32 million in loans and grants that
will promote economic development and provide access to broadband in more than
80 rural American communities. Vilsack, who is chair of the first-ever White
House Rural Council, convened the forum with rural policy, business and
nonprofit leaders to discuss pertinent issues facing rural communities,
including opportunities for economic growth and strategies for improving health
care and housing.





 "This funding will provide much-needed capital and bring cutting-edge
technology to rural communities across the country," Vilsack said. "Investments
in our rural businesses and communities, coupled with extending high-speed
broadband, have led to a resurgence of economic development, created jobs and
improved the quality of life in rural America. While we have made great
progress, our work to extend capital and technology to rural America is not
done."



 Significant gains have been made across rural America: Rural household income
climbed 3.4 percent in 2015, overall poverty and food insecurity fell
dramatically, rural populations have begun to rebound, non-metro areas have
added more than 250,000 jobs since 2014, and the share of rural Americans
without health insurance is now at an all-time low.



 The White House Rural Council, established by President Obama in 2011,
coordinates the Administration's efforts in rural America by streamlining and
improving the effectiveness of federal programs, engaging stakeholders on
priority issues, and coordinating private-sector partnerships to create economic
opportunity and improve the quality of life.



 With today's funding, USDA is investing in 86 projects through the Rural
Economic Development Loan and Grant program, the Rural Microentrepreneur
Assistance Program, the Intermediary Relending Program, the Rural Business
Development Grant Program and the Community Connect program.



 Examples of funded projects include:



     Jackson Energy Cooperative Corporation in McKee, Ky., will receive a $1
million Rural Economic Development loan to help the Kentucky Highlands Real
Estate Corporation retrofit an industrial building. The newly updated building,
located in Rockcastle County, will be leased to a private contractor that
processes medical records for the Veterans Administration. This project is
expected to create 190 jobs.

     Pine Telephone Company in Broken Bow, Okla., will receive a $3 million
Community Connect grant to build a state-of-the-art fiber network serving the
Choctaw Nation Tribal Jurisdiction. The money will also support staff for a
community center where individuals without computers can access the internet.

     The city of Anamoose, N.D., will receive a $218,462 Rural Business
Development Grant to renovate a former bank building. The refurbished building
will be leased to a new restaurant that will feature an evening and weekend menu
using locally-grown produce and meats.



 USDA Rural Development's business and telecommunications programs have had a
significant impact on rural lives and economies. In 2014, USDA provided a
$250,000 Rural Economic Development grant to Douglas Electric Cooperative, Inc.
in Armour, S.D., that it used to help the Delmont Fire Protection District
rebuild its fire hall. The previous fire hall had been destroyed by a tornado.



 At the Rural Forum, Vilsack also announced that more than $3 billion has been
invested since 2014 into rural infrastructure projects through a public-private
partnership with Capitol Peak Asset Management and CoBank, a national
cooperative bank and member of the Farm Credit System. Since USDA initiated the
partnership, the private-sector funding has helped finance more than 400
projects in the power, water, communications and community facilities
industries.



 Finally, Vilsack announced the continuation of the Rural Integration Models for
Parents and Children to Thrive (Rural IMPACT) demonstration project that was
launched last year. Rural IMPACT helps communities adopt a two-generation
approach to addressing the needs of vulnerable children and their parents. Its
goal is to increase parents' employment and education and improve the health and
well-being of their children and families.



 Rural IMPACT is led by the Department of Health and Human Services in
collaboration with USDA, the Department of Labor, the Corporation for National
and Community Service, the Appalachian Regional Commission, the Delta Regional
Authority, the Annie E. Casey Foundation, the W.K. Kellogg Foundation and other
philanthropic partners. These partners have selected 10 local and tribal
communities to receive technical assistance and capacity-building resources to
reduce child poverty, and placed AmeriCorps VISTA members there. The partners
are pleased to announce these member will be placed in the 10 Rural IMPACT
communities for a second year.





 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:

 editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 6, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              720 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           February 25, 2017 Saturday

City Garners State Transportation Grant

LENGTH: 678  words

DATELINE: New York



 Harrisburg: City of Allentown, The State of Pennsylvania has issued the
following news release:



   The City of Allentown has been awarded a nearly $300,000 Transportation
Alternatives Program (TAP) Grant for pedestrian safety improvements adjacent to
the Allentown School District's Building 21. The funds will also be used for the
"Connecting our Community" MLK Parkway Trail, which connects the downtown to the
city's western park resources.





 The project funding is one of 51 grant awards across the state that were
announced recently by Governor Tom Wolf and PennDOT Secretary Leslie S.
Richards.



 "These projects are important initiatives that enhance communities across
Pennsylvania to create stronger economies and better infrastructure," Governor
Wolf said. "Making these improvements will enhance pedestrian and bicycle
facilities, improve access to public transportation, create safe routes to
school, preserve historic transportation structures, provide environmental
mitigation, create trails that serve a transportation purpose, and promote
safety and mobility."



 "I am pleased that the state agrees with our assessment that safety
improvements are needed for pedestrians and motorists traveling along this high
crash and gateway corridor to the downtown," said interim Public Works Director
Craig Messinger.



 "The wave of downtown development is bringing a significant influx of vehicular
and pedestrian traffic to the area," said Mayor Ed Pawlowski. "That development
is creeping southward towards MLK, Jr Drive. Merging the City's significant
signal improvement project in the downtown and the state project along Lehigh
Street, has highlighted the need for improvements to this intersection. The lack
of adaptive signal technology here limits the effectiveness of the downtown
traffic flow and congestion calming efforts in the area. This project will
remedy that situation."



 The project plan is to install highly visible thermoplastic, continental
crosswalks; ADA compliant curb ramps, and appropriate pedestrian signs used in
advance of crosswalks signage on the walking routes. A fourth crossing (south of
the intersection) will be added to promote connectivity to the MLK trail.



 The crosswalks will have hand/man countdown pedestrian signal heads with push
buttons. School speed limit flashers will be installed with communications
systems. The signal improvements include the complete modernization of the
intersection with the installation of new mast arms and controller assembly and
a video detection system with radio communication and emergency preemption
system. The signal improvement will tie into the existing traffic management
system which, using adaptive technologies, allows for real-time data collection
and adjustment of signal timings from a remote location to respond to changing
traffic demands.



 The MLK Parkway Trail, when complete, will connect western resources to the
downtown via this major intersection. The MLK Parkway Trail, part of the
"Connecting our Community" plan, is key to developing pedestrian safety
enhancements for this project. The Trail will connect bicyclists and pedestrians
to the downtown Strategic Planning Areas which include the Downtown/Cultural
Arts and Entertainment District and the North Seventh Street Corridor.



 Total project cost is estimated at less than $340,000. Traffic Planning &
Control capital funds and/or Liquid Fuels funds will be used to pay the balance
of the costs.



 Contract completion with the state is expected to take about 12 months. The
City anticipates the three month project work could begin as early as the summer
of 2018.



 PennDOT evaluated the applications and made selections based on such criteria
as safety benefits, reasonableness of cost, readiness for implementation,
statewide or regional significance, integration of land use and transportation
decision making, collaboration with stakeholders, and leverage of other projects
or funding.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: February 26, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2017 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              721 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                      The Vancouver Sun (British Columbia)

                              June 25, 2007 Monday
                                 Final Edition

Grants

BYLINE: Vancouver Sun

SECTION: BUSINESSBC; Keeping Track; Pg. F5

LENGTH: 124  words


Variety - The Children's Charity announced a grant for $25,000 to the Peace Arch
Hospital and Community Health Foundation. The grant is for the purchase of
monitoring systems and equipment in the maternity and nursery ward.

Citizens Bank of Canada president and chief executive officer Jason Farris
presented $13,647.97 to Inspire Health board chair Brian Josling. Citizens Bank
also awarded $15,272.72 to Evergreen, an organization devoted to restoring green
spaces within cities.

RBC Foundation supports the Vancouver Symphony Orchestra's, VSO Connects -
Elementary, program by presenting $30,000 to Gleneagles Elementary School. VSO
Connects - Elementary was created to ensure that classical music is made
accessible to Elementary school students.

LOAD-DATE: June 25, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Business

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 2007 The Vancouver Sun, a division of CanWest MediaWorks Publication
                                      Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              722 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           September 30, 2016 Friday

Labor Department Awarded Nearly $1 Million Federal Grant to Integrate, Bring New
Technology to Workforce Services

LENGTH: 368  words

DATELINE: New York



 Hartford: The Connecticut Department of Labor has issued the following press
release:



 State Labor Commissioner Scott D. Jackson today announced that the USDOL has
awarded the Connecticut Department of Labor $924,509 to improve technology for
existing workforce services and programs. The National Dislocated Worker Grant
will help unemployed residents, jobseekers and employers better connect to
workforce services through upgrades to a variety of systems, including
development of a mobile-friendly platform for accessing the agency's website.



 "This award will help the Department of Labor in its continuing efforts to
develop a thoroughly integrated workforce system that can provide real-time data
to better meet the needs of today's jobseekers and employers," said Governor
Dannel P. Malloy. "While the tools and data systems in place provide valuable
assistance to individuals and the business community, often they do not offer
technology options that fit current needs. By offering more choices for
accessing workforce services, we can better help employers find the skilled
workers they need and get jobseekers back to work more quickly."

 "Being able to make additional investments in technology allows us to continue
breaking down the silos that can often hinder an effective job search," said
State Labor Commissioner Scott D. Jackson. "This grant will play an important
role in allowing us to modernize our systems and better connect the services
that help get people back to work, assist employers in recruiting workers, and
ultimately strengthen our communities." The Reemployment & Systems Integration
National Dislocated Worker Grant is based on advancing more integrated and
comprehensive dislocated worker services that are being implemented under the
federal Workforce Innovation and Opportunity Act. As a result, the funds will
also be used to streamline website content and functions, re-design portions of
the website to support a mobile-friendly platform, and purchase tablets that
allow DOL staff to provide onsite technology to jobseekers needing workforce
services.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 1, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              723 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           September 30, 2016 Friday

Labor Department Awarded Nearly $1 Million Federal Grant to Integrate, Bring New
Technology to Workforce Services

LENGTH: 368  words

DATELINE: New York



 Hartford: The Connecticut Department of Labor has issued the following press
release:



 State Labor Commissioner Scott D. Jackson today announced that the USDOL has
awarded the Connecticut Department of Labor $924,509 to improve technology for
existing workforce services and programs. The National Dislocated Worker Grant
will help unemployed residents, jobseekers and employers better connect to
workforce services through upgrades to a variety of systems, including
development of a mobile-friendly platform for accessing the agency's website.



 "This award will help the Department of Labor in its continuing efforts to
develop a thoroughly integrated workforce system that can provide real-time data
to better meet the needs of today's jobseekers and employers," said Governor
Dannel P. Malloy. "While the tools and data systems in place provide valuable
assistance to individuals and the business community, often they do not offer
technology options that fit current needs. By offering more choices for
accessing workforce services, we can better help employers find the skilled
workers they need and get jobseekers back to work more quickly."

 "Being able to make additional investments in technology allows us to continue
breaking down the silos that can often hinder an effective job search," said
State Labor Commissioner Scott D. Jackson. "This grant will play an important
role in allowing us to modernize our systems and better connect the services
that help get people back to work, assist employers in recruiting workers, and
ultimately strengthen our communities." The Reemployment & Systems Integration
National Dislocated Worker Grant is based on advancing more integrated and
comprehensive dislocated worker services that are being implemented under the
federal Workforce Innovation and Opportunity Act. As a result, the funds will
also be used to streamline website content and functions, re-design portions of
the website to support a mobile-friendly platform, and purchase tablets that
allow DOL staff to provide onsite technology to jobseekers needing workforce
services.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: September 30, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              724 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          The Decatur Daily (Alabama)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            April 15, 2009 Wednesday

Bikes over the Tennessee River?: Pedaling proponent suggests new twist to
bicycle trail system

BYLINE: Evan Belanger, The Decatur Daily, Ala.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 638 words


Apr. 15--The visionary behind Decatur's unfinished system of bicycle trails is
proposing a new bike path that would eventually connect Decatur with Calhoun
Community College.

During a City Council work session, Dr. Bill Sims, a local orthopedic surgeon,
asked the city to participate in an ongoing effort to create a bicycle path
across the Tennessee River.

He said the trail, which would connect with Calhoun and roughly 150 miles of
trails in Limestone County, would help attract residents to Decatur as the
federal government's Base Realignment and Closure Program brings thousands of
jobs to Huntsville's Redstone Arsenal.

"It's just one more thing that the city really ought to do, because the people
really want this stuff -- people who are moving here probably even more than the
people who live here," he told councilmen at Monday's work session.

Sims' efforts previously led to the city beginning bike paths across the city in
2001.

Tentative plans for the new bike path, as proposed by Sims, divide the project
into four phases. The first phase would extend the city's existing trail at
Rhodes Ferry Park in Decatur, across the north-bound bridge of U.S. 31 to
Riverwalk Marina.

The second phase would extend the trail farther along the thoroughfare to
Hospitality Park, he said. And later phases would link the trail with Calhoun
and the Limestone trails.

"I think it should be finished within a couple years after we get it approved as
long as we can get the funding for it," Sims said.

As part of the project, Sims called for overhead trail lighting, underground
utilities and fishing piers along the thoroughfare to give Decatur residents
more river access.

He estimated the project would cost more than $3 million to complete and said
the first phase would cost slightly more than $400,000 without lights.

To fund the first phase, Sims asked the city to apply for a
transportation-enhancement grant from the Alabama Department of Transportation.
If approved, that grant would require the city to pay engineering costs on the
project and a 20 percent match.

He said later phases would be eligible for grant money, including grants from
the Alabama Department of Economic and Community Affairs.

The councilmen had little reaction to Sims' plan. The city's grant
administrator, Allen Stover, said they have until September or October, when
applications for transportation-enhancement grants are usually due, to make a
decision.

He advised the council to prioritize the city's grant applications when they
make a decision, saying officials with the Downtown Redevelopment Authority have
expressed interest in applying for a transportation-enhancement grant this year.

Other challenges

The trail's future faces other challenges.

The desired path could create safety concerns because it would place pedestrians
and bicyclists in proximity to traffic on U.S. 31 and the state will not allow
barricades along the busy span.

Additionally, the city has not completed work on the second phase of its
bike-trail project, which extends from Rhodes Ferry Park to Central Parkway at
Eighth Street Southwest. And it has not started work on phase three, which would
extend from Central Parkway to Wilson Morgan Park.

Because the state approved grant money for those phases in 2001 and 2003
respectively, the unfinished projects could play a role in deciding whether the
city would receive any additional transportation-enhancement money.

To see more of The Decatur Daily, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.decaturdaily.com Copyright (c) 2009, The Decatur Daily, Ala.
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: April 15, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20090415-DD-Bikes-over-the-Tennessee-River-0415

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: DD


                        Copyright 2009 The Decatur Daily


                              725 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                     The Post-Star (Glens Falls, New York)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             January 3, 2014 Friday

North Country communities getting broadband service

BYLINE: Michael Goot, The Post-Star, Glens Falls, N.Y.

SECTION: BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL NEWS

LENGTH: 607 words


Jan. 03--The information superhighway is getting a little longer.

Faster Internet access will be coming to Long Lake and Schroon Lake, which are
among nine projects awarded a total of more than $14.5 million in New York State
Broadband Grants. Empire State Development recently announced the funding, which
will expand access to broadband services for close to 30,000 residents and more
than 2,000 businesses across upstate, according to a news release from Gov.
Andrew Cuomo.

Schroon Lake received about $2.1 million and Long Lake $1.4 million. Slic
Network Solutions Inc. will be installing the broadband infrastructure.

The upgrades have been long sought by Schroon Lake residents, according to
Supervisor Mike Marnell.

"Everybody is looking forward to it. The grant was approved last year and now
the money is finally coming," he said.

Broadband service will be brought to the area of the town near Hoffman and
Charley Hill roads and near Paradox, according to Marnell.

"It will cover almost everybody in the township," he said. "There'll be a few
spots that won't be accessible, but it will do the majority."

Faster Internet service would especially benefit students because they do a lot
of schoolwork online, according to Marnell.

Marnell said he did not know when full construction would start, but hoped it
would be completed by the end of 2014.

"Once the money is going to be released, I'm sure they'll be going full bore
ahead," he said.

Marnell added that some preliminary work has already occurred during the last
year, with connections starting to be made to existing poles.

"They have to secure easements from the power company, the telephone company,"
he said.

Marnell credited the work of the town's broadband committee and its chairman,
Councilman Don Sage, for applying for the grant.

Sage said this project, which the committee has worked on for three years, will
bring broadband to rural areas away from the downtown core.

"It's going to probably affect about two-thirds of the people outside of the
main village area," he said.

"It's definitely better than dialup," he added.

Sage estimated it would take longer than a year to complete the work.

"They are hopeful to be able to start this coming spring with actually stringing
wire," he said.

Long Lake Supervisor Clark Seaman could not be reached for comment.

The statewide grant funding will be used to complete what is referred to as the
"last mile" of broadband service, which is often the most expensive part of
installing a network.

State officials estimate about half a million New Yorkers are unable to access
broadband, and another 6 million have significant obstacles to connecting to the
Internet.

"Access to high-speed internet is a critical resource for businesses and
residents in today's global economy," Cuomo said. "These grants will connect
underserved and rural communities to the many benefits of broadband access,
including giving local businesses the opportunity to reach consumers from around
the world."

Empire State Development President Kenneth Adams said broadband access is
critical for economic development.

"These projects will make our businesses stronger and New York more competitive
in the national and international markets, and result in greater economic
opportunities and more jobs for New Yorkers."

A total of $68 million has been awarded for broadband projects during Cuomo's
tenure, including the $25 million Connect NY awards, combined with additional
funding through the Regional Economic Development Councils.

___ (c)2014 The Post Star (Glens Falls, N.Y.) Visit The Post Star (Glens Falls,
N.Y.) at www.poststar.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: January 6, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20140103-GN-North-Country-communities-getting-broadband-service-20140103

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: GN


                          Copyright 2014 The Post-Star


                              726 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            March 11, 2015 Wednesday

Washington: FACT SHEET: President Obama Launches New TechHire Initiative

LENGTH: 2673  words

DATELINE: Washington


White House has issued the following news release:

The President and his Administration are focused on promoting middle class
economics to ensure that all Americans can contribute to and benefit from our
American resurgence. Part of that effort requires empowering every American with
the education and training they need to earn higher wages. Today's announcement
is the latest part of that effort: In his remarks to the National League of
Cities, the President will announce his TechHire initiative, including a new
campaign to work with communities to get more Americans rapidly trained for
well-paying technology jobs.

Middle class economics has driven the President from day one, and it is what has
fueled our comeback. On Friday, we learned that our economy created nearly
300,000 new jobs in February. American businesses have now added more than
200,000 jobs a month for the past 12 months, the longest streak of job creation
at that pace in 37 years. All told, over the past five years, our businesses
have created 12 million new jobs.

While we are seeing an economic resurgence, the President has made clear that
there is still work left to do. America has about 5 million open jobs today,
more than at any point since 2001. Over half a million of those job openings are
in information technology fields like software development, network
administration, and cybersecurity- many of which did not even exist just a
decade ago. The average salary in a job that requires information technology
(IT) skills - whether in manufacturing, advertising, retail or banking - is 50
percent higher than the average private-sector American job. Helping more
Americans train and connect to these jobs is a key element of the President's
middle-class economics agenda.

As part of that agenda, TechHire is a bold multi-sector effort and call to
action to empower Americans with the skills they need, through universities and
community colleges but also nontraditional approaches like "coding bootcamps,"
and high-quality online courses that can rapidly train workers for a well-paying
job, often in just a few months. Employers across the United States are in
critical need of talent with these skills. Many of these programs do not require
a four-year degree. Key elements of the initiative include:

Over twenty forward-leaning communities are committing to take action - working
with each other and with national employers - to expand access to tech jobs. To
kick off TechHire, 20 regions, with over 120,000 open technology jobs and more
than 300 employer partners in need of this workforce, are announcing plans to
work together to new ways to recruit and place applicants based on their actual
skills and to create more fast track tech training opportunities. The President
is challenging other communities across the country to follow their lead.

$100 million in new Federal investments to train and connect more workers to a
good job in technology and other in-demand fields. The Administration will
launch a $100 million H-1B grant competition by the Department of Labor to
support innovative approaches to training and successfully employing low-skill
individuals with barriers to training and employment including those with child
care responsibilities, people with disabilities, disconnected youth, and limited
English proficient workers, among others. This grant competition will support
the scaling up of evidence-based strategies such as accelerated learning,
work-based learning, and Registered Apprenticeships.

Private sector boosts tools and resources to support and expand continued
innovation in technology training, with a focus on reaching under-served
populations. Private sector leaders are announcing commitments to provide free
training through online training slots and expanding "coding bootcamps" - which
provide intensive training for well-paying jobs, often in the course of just a
few months - to low-income and underserved Americans including women,
minorities, and veterans across the nation. National organizations are
committing to work with interested cities to share job and skills information,
job-matching tools, and other resources to help support the growth, adoption,
and creation of promising practices across the United States.

Details on the Tech Hire Initiative

The TechHire initiative builds on work communities like Louisville, St. Louis,
Philadelphia, New York City and the State of Delaware are doing to connect more
Americans to well-paying technology jobs through a potent combination of new
tools and training models:

Over twenty forward-leaning communities are committing to take action - with
each other and with national employers - to expand access to tech jobs: The
TechHire initiative will achieve its goals by connecting communities together so
promising ideas happening in one community can be rapidly adopted by other
regions. Today, 21 communities are stepping up and responding to the President's
call-to-action, including:

Louisville New York City Philadelphia Delaware City of Kearney and Buffalo
County, NE
Colorado St. Louis Salt Lake City San Antonio
Los Angeles Minneapolis Kansas City Memphis Rural Eastern Kentucky
Nashville Rochester Detroit San Francisco Albuquerque
Chattanooga Portland

Building on the promising work already underway in their communities, they are
all committing to three actions:

Using data and innovative hiring practices to expand openness to non-traditional
hiring: Having a data-driven assessment of employer demand is critical to
building a successful regional strategy. Communities are committing to work with
employers to build robust data on where they have greatest needs and what skills
they are looking for; communities will work with employers to build willingness
to hire from both nontraditional and traditional training programs; and
communities will work with employers to review -and upgrade -their recruiting
and hiring practices to enable non-traditional hiring.

 Expanding models for training that prepare students in months, not years:
Communities will recruit, incubate and expand accelerated tech learning programs
- such as coding bootcamps and innovative online training - which enable
interested non-tech-experienced students to gain coding skills in months, not
years. These new models also have potential to reaching to a broader set of
students than have traditionally chosen to pursue tech careers. These new
training programs can be run both independently or embedded as part of a local
community college or university education offering.

 Active local leadership to connect people to jobs with hiring on ramp programs:
Communities will build local strategies and partnerships to connect people to
jobs, with steps ranging from investing in and working with industry-trusted
organizations, which will vouch for those who have the skills to do the job but
who may lack the typical profile of degrees and career experience. They will
host local tech community gatherings with engaged employers, attract new
non-traditional training providers to their regions, and bring visibility to
existing local activities such as tech meet-ups, startup co-working spaces or
startup-weekends - which are already in place in most middle-size cities or
encouraging the founding of these groups if they are not available locally.

The Administration is encouraging more communities and employers to follow in
their lead with similar innovative strategies to advance these goals.

Examples of TechHire Community Commitments

St. Louis, MO. A network of over 150 employers in St. Louis' rapidly expanding
innovation ecosystem will build on a successful Mastercard pilot to partner with
local non-profit Launchcode, to build the skills of women and underrepresented
minorities for tech jobs, and will also place 250 apprentices in jobs in 2015 at
employers like Monsanto, CitiBank, Enterprise Rent-a-Car, and Anheuser Busch.

New York City, NY. With employers including Microsoft, Verizon, Goldman Sachs,
Google, and Facebook, the Tech Talent Pipeline is announcing new commitments to
prepare college students in the City University of New York (CUNY) system for
and connect them to paid internship opportunities at local tech companies. NYC
will also expand successful models like the NYC Web Development Fellowship
serving 18-26 year olds without a college degree in partnership with the
Flatiron School.

State of Delaware. The new Delaware TechHire initiative is committing to
training entry-level developers in a new accelerated coding bootcamp and Java
and .Net accelerated community college programs giving financial institutions
and healthcare employers, throughout the state, access to a new cohort of
skilled software talent in a matter of months. JP Morgan Chase, Capital One and
others are committing to placing people trained in these programs this year.

Louisville, KY. Louisville has convened over 20 IT employers as part of the Code
Louisville initiative to train and place new software developers, including
Glowtouch, Appriss, Humana, Zirmed, and Indatus. Louisville will build on this
work in support of the TechHire Initiative: the city will recruit a high-quality
coding bootcamp to Louisville and establish a new partnership between Code
Louisville and local degree granting institutions to further standardize
employer recognition of software development skillsets.

A $100 million competition for innovative approaches to connect Americans with
disabilities, disconnected youth, and others to the fastest path to a good job
in technology and other in-demand fields.

Today the Administration is announcing its commitment to make $100 million
available through the Department of Labor to support innovative approaches to
moving lower skilled workers with barriers to training and employment on the
fastest paths to well-paying information technology and high growth jobs in
industries like healthcare, advanced manufacturing, financial services and other
in-demand sectors. The grant will focus on providing workers the skills for a
pathway to the middle class while providing employers with the skilled
technology workers need to grow and expand. This grant will serve people with
barriers to accessing training including people with childcare responsibilities,
people with disabilities, people with limited English proficiency, and
disconnected youth, among others. It will serve both unemployed and low skilled
front line workers.

Grants will pilot and scale innovative partnerships between employers, workforce
boards, training institutions, non-profit organizations, and cities and states
across the country. These partnerships will support the implementation of
job-driven training strategies to help workers complete basic and technical
skills training using evidence-based strategies such as accelerated learning,
work-based learning and Registered Apprenticeships. A solicitation for
applications for these partnerships will be available this fall and awards will
be made next year. These grants will be financed by a user fee paid by employers
to bring foreign workers into the United States under the H-1B nonimmigrant visa
program.

Private sector leaders are announcing tools and resources to scale continued
innovation in technology training, with a focus on reaching under-served
populations.

Expanding accelerated models for training in months not years:

A group of 10 bootcamps are jointly announcing a shared, third-party validated
format for annually publishing completion and employment outcomes to help
continue to drive innovation in the bootcamp model.

The accelerated training providers Dev Bootcamp, Hack Reactor, Microsoft,
Treehouse Island, Inc., and Udacity will all be expanding free or discounted
training slots for underserved communities and individuals.

General Assembly will work with community colleges, other training providers,
and employers with the aim of further standardizing web development training
 .
 Flatiron School, Hackbright Academy, and Rural Sourcing are announcing they
will provide pro bono consulting to help interested communities expand and
improve training.

Cisco will provide select individuals interested in career opportunities in IT
with free access to online IT networking skills including hundreds of online
training assets.

Support for local leaders:

Opportunity@Work, a national civic enterprise that is launching at New America
today, will aim to connect policy to action and will collaborate with private
and philanthropic partners to create freely available tools to scale-up employer
commitments to inclusive hiring practices, to facilitate a nationwide learning
network for communities, and to create new financing to help lower-income
Americans be trained and placed into technology jobs.

Capital One, through its FutureEdge initiative, a $150 million effort that will
help increase tech skills and hiring, will collaborate with Opportunity@Work to
provide support tailored to the needs of communities.

#YesWeCode commits to delivering $10 million in scholarships for 2,000
underserved minorities across the nation, to attend coding bootcamps over the
next ten years.

Using data and innovative hiring practices to expand hiring to include
non-traditional training paths:

CEB will develop their own best practices playbook for employers with guidance
to private and public employers on how to recruit tech talent from
non-traditional sources as well as free labor market snapshots from CEB Talent
Neuron for select communities to surface talent supply-demand gaps.

LinkedIn will provide free data about the supply and demand of IT skills to
communities to help them identify shortages and focus training resources on
skills most in-demand.

Knack will for the first time make its aptitude test technology available free
of charge to employers, communities, and accelerated training providers that are
launching inclusive training and hiring campaigns aimed at underserved
minorities, women, and veterans.

A complete list of private sector commitments can be found here.

The President's Agenda to Create Pathways to the Middle-Class Through
High-Quality, Job-Driven Training. TechHire is part of the President's broader
agenda to invest in job-driven training:

Vice-President Biden's Job-Driven Training Review. The President's TechHire
initiative builds on the job-driven training review that the President asked the
Vice President to lead in the 2013 State of the Union. Amongst other findings,
the Vice President's review identified information technology generally and
cybersecurity in particular as an emerging area of growth that requires
job-driven training strategies to meet business needs and provide more workers
with a path to the middle class.

VA Accelerated Learning Competition. To ensure that Veterans can take full
advantage of innovative learning models, VA will apply $10M in innovation
funding to leverage accelerated learning and test its effectiveness for
transitioning Servicemembers and Veterans over the next two years. VA will
concentrate this initiative in communities where conditions are conducive for VA
to provide industry-specific and place-based support to Veterans and
transitioning Servicemembers

American Apprenticeship Grant Competition. Last year, DOL opened a $100 million
competition to spur partnerships between employers, labor, training providers,
and local governments to expand apprenticeships into high-growth fields like
information technology and scale models that work. The deadline for this
application is April 30, 2015, and more information is available at the Grants.
gov application page.

Information Technology Industry-Credentialing partnerships. The President's
FY2016 budget proposes $300 million to fund IT jobs partnerships between
regional employers to develop and adopt assessments and credentials that will
give more people the chance to qualify for a better, higher-paying tech job
regardless of their pedigree.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: May 6, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              727 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             March 17, 2014 Monday

Washington: U.S. Transportation Secretary Foxx Recommends $2.5 Billion to Expand
Transit Options that Improve Access to Jobs and Opportunities

LENGTH: 606  words

DATELINE: Washington


Associated Equipment Distributors has issued the following news release:

U.S. Transportation Secretary Anthony Foxx today highlighted $2.5 billion
recommended in President Obama's Fiscal Year 2015 budget to advance the
construction or completion of 26 rail, bus rapid transit (BRT), and streetcar
projects in 16 states. These projects, competitively funded through the Federal
Transit Administration's (FTA) Capital Investment Grant Program (CIG), will
create or sustain thousands of good construction-related jobs and help
communities expand transportation choices that offer new ladders of opportunity
for hard-working families.

"President Obama has laid out a bold vision for investing in 21st century
transportation infrastructure that removes barriers to success for millions of
Americans while strengthening our nation's economy today and in the future,"
said Secretary Foxx. "We are committed to ensuring that every American has
access to the ladders of opportunity that lead to success - and access to public
transportation is essential to making that happen."

The President's budget includes funding recommendations for eight brand new
projects that will connect thousands of residents in cities and communities
across the country with jobs and other opportunities. These include:

The Dyer Avenue BRT in El Paso, Texas, which serves thousands of U.S. service
men and women stationed at the U.S. Army Base at Ft. Bliss, connects these and
other riders with downtown El Paso, and helps to shorten travel times by
eliminating transfers for many riders who live and work in the area's low-income
neighborhoods.
 The East-West Connector BRT in Nashville, Tenn., known as the Amp, which will
re-connect the city's east and west sides, helping residents of Five Points and
other neighborhoods to more easily reach jobs, education, and medical care.
 The Green Line Extension outside Boston, Mass., which will bring rail service
to thousands of commuters in Medford and Somerville, who currently lack direct
access to rail transit.

"Transit ridership across the United States is at its highest level in five
decades, thanks in part to FTA's successful partnerships with communities
committed to expanding local transportation choices that help to revitalize
neighborhoods, reduce congestion, and connect residents with jobs, education,
health care, and other vital services," said Deputy Federal Transit
Administrator Therese McMillan. "We must continue investing, together, in our
nation's public transportation infrastructure, so future generations have the
mobility they will need to succeed."

The recommendations also would complete the federal funding commitment for 10
transit projects funded in prior years. Among them is the Oakland, Calif., East
Bay BRT project, which is expected to provide faster, more efficient bus service
in one of the densest and most transit-dependent corridors in the San Francisco
Bay area; and the Minneapolis-St. Paul, Minn., Central Corridor light rail
project, which has created thousands of construction jobs and is expected to
improve access to major employment centers by linking the downtown areas of the
Twin Cities.

During the Obama Administration, and as part of the Moving Ahead for Progress in
the 21st Century Act (MAP-21), FTA has successfully put in place several new
measures to streamline the CIG Program - one of the largest discretionary grant
programs in the Federal government - a so that projects move more efficiently
through the pipeline, bringing the benefits of expanded transit choices to
communities sooner than in the past.

For more information please visit: http://www.aednet.org

LOAD-DATE: March 17, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              728 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                              March 9, 2015 Monday

Washington: FACT SHEET: President Obama Launches New TechHire Initiative

LENGTH: 2672  words

DATELINE: Washington


U.S. Department of Labor, The Government of USA has issued the following news
release:

The President and his Administration are focused on promoting middle class
economics to ensure that all Americans can contribute to and benefit from our
American resurgence. Part of that effort requires empowering every American with
the education and training they need to earn higher wages. Today's announcement
is the latest part of that effort: In his remarks to the National League of
Cities, the President will announce his TechHire initiative, including a new
campaign to work with communities to get more Americans rapidly trained for
well-paying technology jobs.

Middle class economics has driven the President from day one, and it is what has
fueled our comeback. On Friday, we learned that our economy created nearly
300,000 new jobs in February. American businesses have now added more than
200,000 jobs a month for the past 12 months, the longest streak of job creation
at that pace in 37 years. All told, over the past five years, our businesses
have created 12 million new jobs.

While we are seeing an economic resurgence, the President has made clear that
there is still work left to do. America has about 5 million open jobs today,
more than at any point since 2001. Over half a million of those job openings are
in information technology fields like software development, network
administration, and cybersecurity -- many of which did not even exist just a
decade ago. The average salary in a job that requires information technology
(IT) skills -- whether in manufacturing, advertising, retail or banking -- is 50
percent higher than the average private-sector American job. Helping more
Americans train and connect to these jobs is a key element of the President's
middle-class economics agenda.

As part of that agenda, TechHire is a bold multi-sector effort and call to
action to empower Americans with the skills they need, through universities and
community colleges but also nontraditional approaches like "coding boot camps,"
and high-quality online courses that can rapidly train workers for a well-paying
job, often in just a few months. Employers across the United States are in
critical need of talent with these skills. Many of these programs do not require
a four-year degree. Key elements of the initiative include:

Over 20 forward-leaning communities are committing to take action -- working
with each other and with national employers -- to expand access to tech jobs. To
kick off TechHire, 20 regions, with over 120,000 open technology jobs and more
than 300 employer partners in need of this workforce, are announcing plans to
work together to new ways to recruit and place applicants based on their actual
skills and to create more fast track tech training opportunities. The President
is challenging other communities across the country to follow their lead.
 $100 million in new Federal investments to train and connect more workers to a
good job in technology and other in-demand fields. The Administration will
launch a $100 million H-1B grant competition by the Department of Labor to
support innovative approaches to training and successfully employing low-skill
individuals with barriers to training and employment including those with child
care responsibilities, people with disabilities, disconnected youth, and limited
English proficient workers, among others. This grant competition will support
the scaling up of evidence-based strategies such as accelerated learning,
work-based learning, and Registered Apprenticeships.
 Private sector boosts tools and resources to support and expand continued
innovation in technology training, with a focus on reaching under-served
populations. Private sector leaders are announcing commitments to provide free
training through online training slots and expanding "coding boot camps" --
which provide intensive training for well-paying jobs, often in the course of
just a few months -- to low-income and underserved Americans including women,
minorities, and veterans across the nation. National organizations are
committing to work with interested cities to share job and skills information,
job-matching tools, and other resources to help support the growth, adoption,
and creation of promising practices across the nation.

Details on the Tech Hire Initiative

The TechHire initiative builds on work communities like Louisville, St. Louis,
Philadelphia, New York City and the State of Delaware are doing to connect more
Americans to well-paying technology jobs through a potent combination of new
tools and training models:

Over 20 forward-leaning communities are committing to take action -- with each
other and with national employers -- to expand access to tech jobs: The TechHire
initiative will achieve its goals by connecting communities together so
promising ideas happening in one community can be rapidly adopted by other
regions. Today, 21 communities are stepping up and responding to the President's
call-to-action, including:

Albuquerque, N.M.


Los Angeles, Calif.


Portland, Ore.

Chattanooga, Tenn.


Louisville, Ky.


Rochester, N.Y.

City of Kearny and Buffalo County, NE


Memphis, Tenn.


Rural Eastern Kentucky

Colorado


Minneapolis, Minn.


Salt Lake City, Utah

Delaware


Nashville, Tenn.


San Antonio, Texas

Detroit, Mich.


New York, N.Y.


San Francisco, Calif.

Kansas City, Mo.


Philadelphia, Pa.


St. Louis, Mo.

Building on the promising work already underway in their communities, they are
all committing to three actions:

Using data and innovative hiring practices to expand openness to non-traditional
hiring: Having a data-driven assessment of employer demand is critical to
building a successful regional strategy. Communities are committing to work with
employers to build robust data on where they have greatest needs and what skills
they are looking for; communities will work with employers to build willingness
to hire from both nontraditional and traditional training programs; and
communities will work with employers to review -and upgrade -their recruiting
and hiring practices to enable non-traditional hiring.
 Expanding models for training that prepare students in months, not years:
Communities will recruit, incubate and expand accelerated tech learning programs
-- such as coding boot camps and innovative online training -- which enable
interested non-tech-experienced students to gain coding skills in months, not
years. These new models also have potential to reaching to a broader set of
students than have traditionally chosen to pursue tech careers. These new
training programs can be run both independently or embedded as part of a local
community college or university education offering.
 Active local leadership to connect people to jobs with hiring on ramp programs:
Communities will build local strategies and partnerships to connect people to
jobs, with steps ranging from investing in and working with industry-trusted
organizations, which will vouch for those who have the skills to do the job but
who may lack the typical profile of degrees and career experience. They will
host local tech community gatherings with engaged employers, attract new
non-traditional training providers to their regions, and bring visibility to
existing local activities such as tech meet-ups, startup co-working spaces or
startup-weekends - which are already in place in most middle-size cities or
encouraging the founding of these groups if they are not available locally.

The Administration is encouraging more communities and employers to follow in
their lead with similar innovative strategies to advance these goals.

Examples of TechHire Community Commitments

St. Louis, MO. A network of over 150 employers in St. Louis' rapidly expanding
innovation ecosystem will build on a successful MasterCard pilot to partner with
local non-profit Launchcode, to build the skills of women and underrepresented
minorities for tech jobs, and will also place 250 apprentices in jobs in 2015 at
employers like Monsanto, Citibank, Enterprise Rent-a-Car, and Anheuser Busch.
 New York City, NY. With employers including Microsoft, Verizon, Goldman Sachs,
Google, and Facebook, the Tech Talent Pipeline is announcing new commitments to
prepare college students in the City University of New York (CUNY) system for
and connect them to paid internship opportunities at local tech companies. NYC
will also expand successful models like the NYC Web Development Fellowship
serving 18-26 year olds without a college degree in partnership with the
Flatiron School.
 State of Delaware. The new Delaware TechHire initiative is committing to
training entry-level developers in a new accelerated coding boot camp and Java
and .Net accelerated community college programs giving financial institutions
and healthcare employers, throughout the state, access to a new cohort of
skilled software talent in a matter of months. Capital One, JP Morgan Chase and
others are committing to placing people trained in these programs this year.
 Louisville, KY. Louisville has convened over 20 IT employers as part of the
Code Louisville initiative to train and place new software developers, including
GlowTouch, Appriss, Humana, ZirMed, and Indatus. Louisville will build on this
work in support of the TechHire Initiative: the city will recruit a high-quality
coding boot camp to Louisville and establish a new partnership between Code
Louisville and local degree granting institutions to further standardize
employer recognition of software development skillsets.

A $100 million competition for innovative approaches to connect Americans with
disabilities, disconnected youth, and others to the fastest path to a good job
in technology and other in-demand fields.

Today the Administration is announcing its commitment to make $100 million
available through the Department of Labor to support innovative approaches to
moving lower skilled workers with barriers to training and employment on the
fastest paths to well-paying information technology and high growth jobs in
industries like healthcare, advanced manufacturing, financial services and other
in-demand sectors. The grant will focus on providing workers the skills for a
pathway to the middle class while providing employers with the skilled
technology workers need to grow and expand. This grant will serve people with
barriers to accessing training including people with childcare responsibilities,
people with disabilities, people with limited English proficiency, and
disconnected youth, among others. It will serve both unemployed and low skilled
front line workers.

Grants will pilot and scale innovative partnerships between employers, workforce
boards, training institutions, non-profit organizations, and cities and states
across the country. These partnerships will support the implementation of
job-driven training strategies to help workers complete basic and technical
skills training using evidence-based strategies such as accelerated learning,
work-based learning and Registered Apprenticeships. A solicitation for
applications for these partnerships will be available this fall and awards will
be made next year. These grants will be financed by a user fee paid by employers
to bring foreign workers into the United States under the H-1B nonimmigrant visa
program.

Private sector leaders are announcing tools and resources to scale continued
innovation in technology training, with a focus on reaching under-served
populations.

Expanding accelerated models for training in months not years:

A group of 10 boot camps are jointly announcing a shared, third-party validated
format for annually publishing completion and employment outcomes to help
continue to drive innovation in the boot camp model.
 The accelerated training providers Dev Bootcamp, Hack Reactor, Microsoft,
Treehouse Island, Inc., and Udacity will all be expanding free or discounted
training slots for underserved communities and individuals.
 General Assembly will work with community colleges, other training providers,
and employers with the aim of further standardizing web development training.
 Flatiron School, Hackbright Academy, and Rural Sourcing are announcing they
will provide pro bono consulting to help interested communities expand and
improve training.
 Cisco will provide select individuals interested in career opportunities in IT
with free access to online IT networking skills including hundreds of online
training assets.

Support for local leaders:

Opportunity@Work, a national civic enterprise that is launching at New America
today, will aim to connect policy to action and will collaborate with private
and philanthropic partners to create freely available tools to scale-up employer
commitments to inclusive hiring practices, to facilitate a nationwide learning
network for communities, and to create new financing to help lower-income
Americans be trained and placed into technology jobs.
 Capital One, through its FutureEdge initiative, a $150 million effort that will
help increase tech skills and hiring, will collaborate with Opportunity@Work to
provide support tailored to the needs of communities.
 #YesWeCode commits to delivering $10 million in scholarships for 2,000
underserved minorities across the nation, to attend coding boot camps over the
next ten years.

Using data and innovative hiring practices to expand hiring to include
non-traditional training paths:

CEB will develop their own best practices playbook for employers with guidance
to private and public employers on how to recruit tech talent from
non-traditional sources.
 LinkedIn will provide free data about the supply and demand of IT skills to
communities to help them identify shortages and focus training resources on
skills most in-demand.
 Knack will for the first time make its aptitude test technology available free
of charge to employers, communities, and accelerated training providers that are
launching inclusive training and hiring campaigns aimed at underserved
minorities, women, and veterans.

A complete list of private sector commitments can be found here.

The President's Agenda to Create Pathways to the Middle-Class Through
High-Quality, Job-Driven Training. TechHire is part of the President's broader
agenda to invest in job-driven training:

Vice-President Biden's Job-Driven Training Review. The President's TechHire
initiative builds on the job-driven training review that the President asked the
Vice President to lead in the 2013 State of the Union. Amongst other findings,
the Vice President's review identified information technology generally and
cybersecurity in particular as an emerging area of growth that requires
job-driven training strategies to meet business needs and provide more workers
with a path to the middle class.
 VA Accelerated Learning Competition. To ensure that Veterans can take full
advantage of innovative learning models, VA will apply $10M in innovation
funding to leverage accelerated learning and test its effectiveness for
transitioning Service members and Veterans over the next two years. VA will
concentrate this initiative in communities where conditions are conducive for VA
to provide industry-specific and place-based support to Veterans and
transitioning Service members
 American Apprenticeship Grant Competition. Last year, DOL opened a $100 million
competition to spur partnerships between employers, labor, training providers,
and local governments to expand apprenticeships into high-growth fields like
information technology and scale models that work. The deadline for this
application is April 30, 2015, and more information is available at the Grants.
gov.
 Information Technology Industry-Credentialing partnerships. The President's
FY2016 budget proposes $300 million to fund IT jobs partnerships between
regional employers to develop and adopt assessments and credentials that will
give more people the chance to qualify for a better, higher-paying tech job
regardless of their pedigree.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: May 6, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              729 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       South-East Advertiser (Australia)

                          November 18, 2015 Wednesday
                               SouthEast Edition

Garden connects lives

BYLINE: Leah Kidd

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 18

LENGTH: 165  words


A COMMUNITY garden is in full bloom at Centacare Community Connect, Cannon Hill,
a year after the group won a $1000 Quest Community Grant.

Suzanne Gentle, of Centacare, said they wanted to start the garden for a group
of refugees and asylum seekers who came to the centre.

"They meet here regularly and it was for an activity and also for them to grow
things that they can use in their cooking," Ms Gentle said.

But she said the implications of the garden had been much wider than anticipated
and it was bringing the whole community together.

"There was nothing there, and it's provided an interest for the community
really," Ms Gentle said.

"The school community and the wider community have been involved. A few dads
from the school community actually built the raised garden beds.

"We're now doing it in conjunction with the St Oliver Plunkett Primary
School."With all the rain in recent weeks, Ms Gentle said the garden, which
featured herbs, chillies, lettuce and bok choy, looked brilliant.

LOAD-DATE: November 17, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Magazine

JOURNAL-CODE: South-East Advertiser


                   Copyright 2015 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              730 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             June 28, 2016 Tuesday

ABQ lands $4 million White House grant for TechHire

LENGTH: 4173  words

DATELINE: New York



 Santa Fe: The City of Albuquerque. has issued the following news release



 The Obama Administration announces winners of $150 million in TechHire
Partnership grants, including $126 million for at-risk and disadvantaged young
Americans.



 Fact Sheet: Expanding the Tech Economies of Communities across the Country



 Obama Administration announces winners of $150 million in TechHire Partnership
grants, including $126 million for at-risk and disadvantaged young Americans



 Today, Vice President Biden and Department of Labor Secretary Perez announced
the release of $150 million in Department of Labor grants for 39 partnerships
across the country. With these funds, awardees will launch innovative training
and placement models to develop tech talent, as a way to keep and create jobs in
local economies. In addition to federal funding, grantees are leveraging nearly
$50 million in philanthropic, private and other funding to contribute to their
own local partnerships.





 A Large and Growing Opportunity for Local Economies



 Having a pipeline of tech talent can be an important factor in bringing new
jobs to local economies, facilitating business growth, and lifting more local
residents into the middle class. These grants will enable more communities to
expand their own local tech sectors.



     Tech jobs are a pathway to the middle class. Tech jobs pay one and a half
times the average wage of a private-sector job. Studies have shown that these
opportunities are also accessible to those without college degrees-- men and
women with non-degree certificates in computer or information services earned
more than 65 percent of men and women, respectively, with more traditional
Associate degrees.[1]

     There is a large and growing unmet demand for tech workers. Today, there
are over 600,000 open IT jobs across all sectors--more than two-thirds in fields
outside the tech sector, such as manufacturing, financial services and
healthcare. Across the country, employers are struggling to find skilled talent
for these positions. A study from CEB found that in 10 major metropolitan areas
(including New York, Atlanta, Seattle, and Houston), there are only five skilled
job seekers available for every eight open IT jobs. Compared to 2010, it now
takes employers five additional weeks to fill the average vacancy--at a cost to
employers of $8.6 million per 1,000 vacancies.

     New innovations in training and hiring can help meet the tech job demand.
Nearly 40 percent of tech jobs do not require a four-year degree. In recent
years, there has been a proliferation of fast-track tech training programs like
"coding bootcamps" that prepare people with little technical know-how for tech
jobs, often in just a few months. A recent survey from Course Report found that
bootcamp graduates saw salary gains of 38 percent (or about $18,000) after
completing their programs. At the same time, employers in cities like
Albuquerque have been adopting new "skills-based" hiring approaches that enable
job seekers to demonstrate their skills to get hired even if they lack
traditional qualifications like computer science degrees.

     Tech talent can be an important driver of local economic development.
Companies report that one of the main factors in deciding where to locate is the
availability of skilled talent. Moreover, research from economist Enrico Moretti
shows that for each job in the average high-tech firm, five new jobs are
indirectly created in local economies.



 In response to this opportunity, in March 2015, President Obama launched
TechHire, a bold multi-sector effort and call to action for cities, states, and
rural areas to work with employers to design and implement new approaches like
coding bootcamps to train workers for well-paying tech jobs often in just a few
months.



 Since then, 50 communities with nearly 1,000 employer partners have begun
working together to find new ways to recruit and place applicants based on their
skills and to create more fast-track tech training opportunities. These range
from programs in New York City that connect low-income young people to tech
training and internships to a program in rural Eastern Kentucky that teaches
former coalminers to code.



 The federal government is doing its part to support communities in this work
with a specific focus on making sure that access to these innovations is widely
shared, supporting best practice sharing amongst communities, and encouraging
engagement of the key stakeholders that fuel a TechHire community -- including
employers, innovative training providers and local workforce development
leadership. As stakeholders help engage more employers and connect more local
communities to these opportunities, the TechHire network will continue to grow.



 More details on today's announcements



 Today, the Department of Labor is awarding 39 grants--totaling $150
million--for programs in 25 states and Washington, DC to support innovative ways
to get workers on the fastest paths to well-paying information technology and
high-growth jobs in in-demand sectors like healthcare, advanced manufacturing,
and financial services. Of these grants, $126 million will specifically target
strategies designed to best support young Americans, ages 17 to 29.



 All of the partnerships funded today engage in the following practices:



     Expand access to accelerated learning options that provide a quick path to
good jobs, such as "bootcamp"-style programs, online options, and
competency-based programs.

     Use data and innovative hiring practices to expand openness to
non-traditional hiring by working with employers to build robust data on where
they have the greatest needs, identify what skills they are looking for, and
build willingness to hire from both nontraditional and traditional training
programs.

     Offer specialized training strategies, supportive services, and other
participant-focused services that assist targeted populations to overcome
barriers, including networking and job search, active job development,
transportation, mentoring, and financial counseling.

     Emphasize inclusion by leveraging the high demand for tech jobs and new
training and hiring approaches to improve access to tech jobs for all citizens,
including out-of-school and out-of-work young Americans, people with
disabilities, people learning English as a second language, and people with
criminal records.



 $126 Million in Grants to Create Pathways to Careers for At-Risk and
Out-of-School, Out-of-Work Young Americans



 Examples of selected communities and programs include:



     Atlanta, GA. ATL TechHire: Fostering an IT Workforce Ecosystem to Inspire
Atlanta's Under-Represented IT Workforce to Pursue IT Careers ($4 million)

     ATL TechHire will train the City of Atlanta's youth and young adults with
barriers to employment and other unemployed and underemployed for open jobs in
tech. Led by the Atlanta Workforce Development Agency, in partnership with Iron
Yard and TechSquare Labs, ATL TechHire has developed customizable training
tracks to serve differing needs. Participants will be enrolled in TechSquare
Labs' innovative Culture Fit and Career Readiness programs, as well as
fast-track training with one of the Iron Yard's coding bootcamps, to train
participants for jobs in front- and back-end engineering, mobile engineering,
data science, and design; or with the Atlanta Technical College for degrees that
lead to in-demand IT jobs.

     Albuquerque, NM. New Mexico Tech Connections (NMTC): Expanding Career
Pipeline to IT for Youth and Disadvantaged Workers ($4 million)

     Workforce Connection of Central New Mexico (WCCNM) will use grant funds to
expand its NMTC consortium in order to build a career pipeline into IT for
around 338 young adults and other workers with barriers to training and
employment. Serving the city of Albuquerque, as well as Bernalillo, Sandoval,
Torrance and Valencia counties, NMTC consists of training and education partner,
College of New Mexico, along with six area employers and promises to address
gaps in conventional training for H-1B jobs.

     Miami, FL. ACCEL in Tech: Bringing Customized Training in IT, Healthcare
and Financial Services to Those with Barriers to Employment ($3.5 million)

     Acquiring Credential and Creating Experiential Learning (ACCEL) in
Technology will leverage the size and resources of Miami Dade College, along
with the expertise of partners including CareerSource South Florida Mount Sinai
Medical Center, AHIMA Foundation, and the McKinsey Social Initiative, who will
provide guidance on advisory boards, curriculum development, employee mentors,
opportunities for paid work experiences, and commitments to hire participants.
This program will develop customizable training for the individual. Through this
initiative, over 400 young adults with barriers to employment will gain access
to training in IT, healthcare, and financial services.

     New York, NY. TechIMPACT Program: Training and Placing Youth at Large Tech
Companies and Startups ($3.9 million)

     LaGuardia Community College will partner with General Assembly, Udacity,
Software Guild and others to offer accelerated tech training to young adults in
web development, java, and computer network support. Given that young people
often struggle to connect to their first job, TechIMPACT is teaming up with
partners to make sure that graduates have connections to internships and job
placements when they graduate. IBM, Walmart, and other employer partners are
committing to interview and hire qualified candidates, and Uncubed will place
graduates with a network of high-growth startup companies.

     New York; Washington, DC; and Maryland. Pathways to Tech Careers: Providing
Multi-Tiered Training Model to Improve Skills of Young, Low-Wage, and Veteran
Workers ($5 million)

     Jobs for the Future, Inc.'s program will establish and expand accelerated
training programs that prepare youth and young adults with barriers to
employment for high-wage, high-demand careers in IT in New York City Washington,
D.C., Prince George's County, Anne Arundel County and Howard County, MD. PTC
will have three tracks including a bootcamp-style, immersive web development
training, a data analytics training for incumbent workers to upskill to better
jobs, and a short-term IT security program for veterans. PTC will build on the
national presence of JFF, General Assembly, and Per Scholas to demonstrate
multiple strategies to move individuals from entry-level jobs into the
middle-class with tech training.

     Seattle, WA. TechHire Seattle-King County: Implementing LaunchCode's
Successful Apprenticeship Model ($3.8 million)

     Seattle Central College will work with the LaunchCode Foundation,
EnergySavvy, Unloop, Floodgate, Ada Developer Academy and other partners to
connect young Americans to jobs in database administration and development,
mobile product development, network design and administration, programming, web
design, and web development training. To increase opportunities for employers to
find high-quality, diverse, entry-level talent, and for students to learn on the
job, LaunchCode will connect students at no cost to the student with companies
that will offer mentorship and training through a paid apprenticeship program,
with the option for employers to hire the student at the end of the 3-6 month
apprenticeship. Launchcode has successfully launched and grown this model in 4
U.S. cities, achieving 90 percent placement rates and more than doubling
salaries of participants. Seattle is leveraging $4.4 million in philanthropic
and private contributions to support this initiative.



 $24 Million in Grants to Connect People with Criminal Records, People with
Limited English Proficiency and People with Disabilities to In-Demand Jobs



 Examples of selected communities and programs include:



     Indianapolis, IN. GOAL! Program: Expanding Language and Technical Skills
for LEP Individuals ($3.2 million)

     Led by the Labor Institute for Training (LIFT), in partnership with Jobs
for the Future and Indiana Adult Education, Growing Opportunities in America for
Latinos! (GOAL!) will enhance and expand services throughout the state of
Indiana. The program will enhance and expand English language and advanced
manufacturing technical skills for 400 residents with limited English
proficiency. Incumbent workers will also have access to upskill opportunities
through the Industrial Manufacturing Technician (IMT) registered apprenticeship,
leveraging the American Apprenticeship Initiative grant awarded by the
Department of Labor to Jobs for the Future.

     Kern, Inyo, and Mono Counties, CA. Next Step Program: Offering Skills
Training to Individuals with High-Function Autism Spectrum Disorders ($4
million)

     The Exceptional Family Center, the Kern County Hispanic Chamber of Commerce
and Bakersfield Adult School will collaborate with local employers and partners
to train local individuals with high-functioning Autism Spectrum Disorders for
open jobs. Geared towards those with documented barriers to training and
employment, the Next Step Job Training and Employment Partnership (Next Step)
will offer courses at UCLA Extension and Bakersfield Adult School in computer
skills, vocational education, and medical coding. The partnership will also
offer a bootcamp training on soft skills to improve employability and job
performance--including effective communication, workplace behavior, and
independent living.



 $36 Million of Total Grants will Support Workers in Rural Communities in
Retooling and Retraining for New Jobs



 Of the $150 million in grants, $36 million have been awarded to programs that
will specifically target rural communities that are serving young people and
other disadvantaged populations described in the sections above.



 Examples of selected communities and programs include:



     Midlands Region of SC. Midlands TechHire: Offering Numerous Boot Camps,
Scholarships and Internships in Networking and Programming ($4 million)

     Midlands Technical College will offer scholarships to 400 individuals for
five accelerated learning boot camps that will train students for networking and
programming occupations, such as computer technicians and web development, in
six to eight weeks. Along with the wide range of technical training programs
offered, Midlands TechHire will provide exam preparation for certifications, as
well as classes and workshops in soft skills and job readiness. Graduates of
these accelerated training programs will qualify for sponsorship of exam fees
and paid three-month internships in IT occupations. With assistance from 24
grant partners, Midlands TechHire will be able to provide a comprehensive
assessment of barriers and customized support services for each student.

     West Virginia. WVTTI: Transforming Local Economy by Training and Upgrading
Young Adults for New Tech jobs in Software and Engineering ($4 million)

     With its West Virginia Technology Transformation Initiative (WVTTI), Bridge
Valley Community and Technical College is helping transform this once
coal-dependent regional economy into a technology-based one. WVTTI is
specifically focused on helping the young adult population find jobs as software
developers, mechanical engineers, and machinists, among other opportunities. By
leveraging this grant and facilitating relationships among local training
providers, workforce organizations, and employers such as the Appalachian Power
Company, the WVTTI will expand efforts to help young West Virginians upgrade
their skills and gain the credentials needed to obtain middle- and high-skill
jobs.



 More details on all winners can be found here.



 A list of winners and grant amounts is below.

 Applicant Location     Lead Applicant     Award

 Albuquerque, NM     Workforce Connection of Central New Mexico     $4 million

 Atlanta, GA     Atlanta Technical College     $3.7 million

 Atlanta, GA     Atlanta Workforce Development Agency (AWDA)     $4 million

 Bakersfield, CA     Exceptional Family Center     $4 million

 Brunswick, ME     Coastal Counties Workforce, Inc. (CCWI)     $4 million

 Cerritos, CA     UAW-Labor Employment and Training Corporation     $3.9 million


 Colton, CA     Citadel Community Development Corporation     $4 million

 Columbia, SC     Midlands Technical College (MTC)     $4 million

 Daytona Beach, FL     Daytona State College     $3.7 million

 Eau Claire, WI     Chippewa Valley Technical College (CVTC)     $5 million

 Everett, WA     Everett Community College and the Center of Excellence for
Aerospace and Advanced Manufacturing     $3.9 million

 Gardner, MA     Mount Wachusett Community College     $4 million

 Indianapolis, IN     Labor Institute for Training, Inc. (LIFT)     $3.2 million


 Indianapolis, IN     Ivy Tech Community College     $2.6 million

 Kansas City, MO     Full Employment Council     $5 million

 Kenansville, NC     James Sprunt Community College     $4 million

 Knoxville, TN     Pellissippi State Community College (PSCC)     $3.8 million

 Linn, Missouri     State Tech College Missouri (STC)     $2.8 million

 Los Angeles, CA     Youth Policy Institute     $4 million

 Miami, FL     Miami Dade College     $3.6 million

 Milwaukee, WI     Employ Milwaukee, Inc.     $4 million

 Milwaukee, WI     United Migrant Opportunity Services, Inc. (UMOS)     $4
million

 New York, NY     LaGuardia Community College     $4 million

 North Texas     North Central Texas College     $4 million

 Oregon City, OR     Clackamas Community College     $3.5 million

 Pewaukee, WI     Waukesha Ozaukee Washington Workforce Development Board     $4
million

 Polk County, FL     Polk State College     $2.1 million

 Portland, OR     Worksystems, Inc.     $4 million

 Raleigh, NC     Wake Technological Community College     $4 million

 Rockville, MD     Goodwill Industries International, Inc.     $4 million

 Rockville, MD     Montgomery College     $4 million

 Seattle, WA     Seattle Central College     $3.8 million

 Selden, NY     Suffolk County Community College     $2.9 million

 Tampa, FL     Tampa Bay Workforce Alliance, Inc.     $3.8 million

 Washington, DC*     Jobs for the Future, Inc.     $5 million

 Waterbury, CT     The Northwest Regional Workforce Investment Board (NRWIB
$4 million

 Westchester, NY     Westchester-Putnam (NY) Local Workforce Development Board
(WPWDB)     $4 million

 West Virginia     BridgeValley Community and Technical College     $4 million

 Youngstown, OH     Flying HIGH, Inc.     $4 million

 Total         $150.3 million



 Building on Progress: President Obama's Job-Driven Training Agenda



 The TechHire Partnership grants build on progress already underway. Since the
President and Vice President released their Job-Driven Training review in July
2014, Federal agencies have taken actions to make programs serving approximately
20 million Americans every year more employer-driven. And over the past 7 years,
we have taken a number of steps to support the American workforce and prepare it
for the 21st century, including:



 Training Americans for jobs of the future. Through TechHire and Computer
Science for All, the Administration is connecting Americans with the tech skills
that employers are increasingly seeking, across many industries and roles.



     Launching Computer Science for All. This year, the President unveiled his
plan to give all K-12 students across the country the chance to learn computer
science (CS) in school. This initiative builds on a growing movement led by
parents, teachers, districts, states, and the private sector to expand CS
education. To jumpstart this effort, the National Science Foundation (NSF) and
the Corporation for National and Community Service (CNCS) have pledged to invest
more than $135 million to support and train CS teachers across the country over
the next five years. In addition, in his budget, the President has called for $4
billion in funding for states, and $100 million directly for districts, to train
teachers, expand access to high-quality instructional materials, and build
effective regional partnerships. Since its launch, nine states have taken action
to expand access to CS education, the private sector has made more $250 million
in philanthropic commitments, and more than 25 Governors have called on Congress
to increase K-12 CS funding.



 Making sure all Americans have a fair shot. The President has taken steps to
expand and improve efforts to connect workers who have been displaced by
economic change to the workforce system and into good jobs. Building on models
of what works, these efforts have helped not only those affected by trade and
globalization, but also by the aftermath of the Great Recession, by long-term
changes in the energy industry, by the rapid rate of technological change and
the adoption of new methods, and in communities that suffer from economic
isolation and decline.



     Securing a six-year extension and expansion of Trade Adjustment Assistance
(TAA) in June 2015, which provides vital job training, income support and other
benefits to American workers displaced by the forces of globalization. The
number of estimated workers currently eligible for benefits and services is over
100,000, which is almost double the number of workers eligible for TAA benefits
and services in all of fiscal year 2015 under the older program.

     Helping the long-term unemployed get back to work and stay in the labor
force, including through a $170M Ready to Work grant that supports partnerships
with businesses to create a best practices for hiring the long-term unemployed.
In addition, DOL is providing robust reemployment services and eligibility
assessments through $200 million in grants to all 50 states and territories to
help prevent long-term unemployment and connect jobseekers to the labor market.
Through FY 2016, an estimated 1.3 million unemployed workers will be served.

     Launching the Partnerships for Opportunity and Workforce and Economic
Revitalization (POWER) Initiative, a Department of Commerce led effort bringing
together 10 federal agencies to assist communities negatively impacted by
changes in the coal industry and power sector with coordinated federal economic
and workforce development resources that help communities diversify their
economies and provide reemployment services and job training.

     Strengthening relationships with businesses to recruit and hire veterans.
The Veterans' Employment and Training Service (VETS) within DOL established an
employer outreach team that encourages employment commitments from national and
regional employers seeking to hire veterans. VETS expanded the outreach team to
connect with over 600 employers ranging from small businesses to Fortune 500
companies.



 Scaling Up What Works. The Administration has implemented a job-driven
checklist that reorients job training grants to align with the elements that
matter most to getting Americans into better jobs.



     Implementing the job-driven training checklist that reorients competitive
job training grants to align with best practices based on elements that matter
most to getting Americans into better jobs. To date, agencies have awarded over
15 competitive job-training grant programs that total more than $1.5 billion.

     Signing the bipartisan Workforce Innovation and Opportunity Act (WIOA), the
first reform of federal job training programs in nearly 20 years that reaches
approximately 20 million Americans annually. WIOA improves business engagement,
accountability, access, and alignment across training programs.



 Doubling Down on Proven Strategies. The Administration is using evidence-based
practices to direct limited Federal resources into results-driven models. For
example, a recent study found participants in Registered Apprenticeship programs
earned $300,000 more over their lifetimes than a comparison group.



     Expanding Registered Apprenticeship programs through $265 million in
targeted investments. Since the President's 2014 State of the Union call to
action, the United States has added more than 81,000 new Registered
Apprenticeship opportunities, the nation's largest increase in nearly a decade.

     Investing in training for dislocated workers that follows employer needs in
key sectors. DOL has awarded nearly $300 million in Sector Partnerships and
Job-Driven Training grants focusing on training dislocated workers. Sector
partnerships are consistently cited as one of the most effective strategies to
better align education with employer needs and have been shown through
randomized evaluations to lead to higher rates of employment and earnings.

     Investing $2 billion in the Trade Adjustment Assistance Community College
and Career Training grant program that has created 2,300 in-demand education and
training programs at community colleges in all 50 states.To date, nearly 300,000
participants have enrolled in these programs, earning 160,000 credentials.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: June 28, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              731 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                    Daily Journal of Commerce (Portland, OR)

                          December 22, 2010 Wednesday

Clackamas County trying to rejuvenate stranded community

BYLINE: Nathalie Weinstein

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 741  words


People living in poverty can become isolated. That isolation is compounded in
suburbs, according to Trell Anderson, executive director of the Housing
Authority of Clackamas County.

HACC has a plan to help alleviate such seclusion at Clackamas Heights, a remote
housing complex on a hillside near Oregon City. An $88.3 million project would
transform the aging development into a mixed-income, mixed-use community with
better transportation access. HACC is seeking a highly competitive HOPE VI
federal grant to help pay for the project.

Clackamas Heights' housing units, built more than 60 years ago, are outdated,
energy inefficient and too small to accommodate improvements for people with
disabilities, Anderson said. Buses drive by only four times a day, and
light-rail trains aren't easily accessible because of the hillside location and
a lack of sidewalks. Many Clackamas Heights residents can't afford to own a car.

"You are so reliant on an automobile (in suburbs) that getting access to jobs,
education and social services is difficult," Anderson said. "If you consider
that it costs the average person $8,000 a year to own and operate a vehicle, and
the average income of our residents is $8,500, you start to see the challenges
they have connecting with the region. "

The redevelopment, designed by Mithun of Seattle, calls for razing 100 units of
housing and replacing them with 100 public housing units, 157 affordable rental
units and 22 affordable, for-sale homes. Four additional homes would be sold at
market rates, Anderson said, to create a mixed-income neighborhood. The
redevelopment also would include a mixed-use community center with retail space
and an early childhood education and wellness center.

HACC plans to seek Leadership in Energy and Environmental Design for
Neighborhood Development silver certification for the project. The agency
recently received a $25,000 grant to cover certification costs, according to
Mary Bradshaw, a development project manager with HACC.

In addition, the Energy Trust of Oregon plans to assist with energy modeling and
energy education programs for residents.

"The LEED process is going to help us build a community that can adjust to the
resource challenges we'll face in the future," Bradshaw said. "The certification
also builds our credibility and guarantees we do what we say we're going to do.
"

The geographical isolation of the site poses the largest challenge for the
project to meet its LEED goal, according to Nancy Walters, co-chairwoman of a
neighborhood advisory committee for the redevelopment. Clackamas Heights is at a
higher elevation than nearby communities, with Interstate 205 on one side and
the Clackamas River on the other.

"The thing the community needs today is access to amenities," Walters said.
"Even though this is an older neighborhood, it didn't get much population growth
until the 2000s. Having better land use at Clackamas Heights is going to improve
the area. "

Increasing housing density on the 20-acre site and locating new storefronts
within the area could lead to more transit options and business development,
Walters said. In the meantime, HACC plans to partner with Clackamas County
Social Services to run a shuttle that would follow a loop from Clackamas Heights
to Oregon City's bus mall, Clackamas County's campus and Clackamas Community
College.

Anderson also plans to ask CenterCal Properties whether pedestrian or bike paths
could be constructed to connect Clackamas Heights to The Rivers, a planned
retail center that would be anchored by a Cabela's outdoor store.

"A partnership with The Rivers could mean hiring opportunities for our
residents," Anderson said. "The goal of this entire project is (to) connect
people with the region and create a sustainable community that will stay that
way for the next 100 years. "

HACC has submitted a $21.5 million HOPE VI grant application to the U.S.
Department of Housing and Urban Development. Another project, Hillsdale Terrace
in Portland, also is in competition for grant money. This is HACC's first
attempt at a HOPE VI grant for the project; the Housing Authority of Portland is
on its second try for Hillsdale Terrace, Anderson said.

"Some housing authorities have had success the first time; others have had to
try two or three times," Anderson said. "Preparing this application has been a
two-year process. Raising that money from (HUD) is key to making this project
happen as we've envisioned. "

LOAD-DATE: January 4, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Government activity

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2010 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved


                              732 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                              July 15, 2016 Friday

Washington: Udall, Heinrich Announce $6.5 Million for Construction and
Maintenance at 11 NM Airports

LENGTH: 584  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: Office of the Senator Tom Udall has issued the following news
release:



 Today, U.S. Senators Tom Udall and Martin Heinrich announced more than $6.5
million in grants for maintenance and construction projects at 11 New Mexico
airports. The grants were awarded by the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA)
and U.S. Department of Transportation's Office of Aviation Analysis, and fund
runway rehabilitations, building and fencing construction, and other safety
improvements.





 "New Mexico's airports help drive the local economies of many of our
communities, and these grants will fund needed repairs and construction projects
to make air travel throughout our state safer and more efficient," Udall said.
"As a member of the Senate Appropriations and Commerce committees, I'll continue
to fight for resources to modernize our airports and transportation systems to
better connect our communities, and support tourism and business opportunities
that help create jobs."



 "Modernizing our transportation system is critical to longterm economic growth
and spurs job creation across New Mexico," Heinrich said. "Federal investments
to improve infrastructure at our airports--particularly throughout Indian
Country--will support commerce, connect New Mexicans, and improve safety. The
transportation and the aviation industries in New Mexico keep our state a prime
destination for business and tourism, and I will work to ensure they continue to
thrive."



 The projects funded by the grants are:



 - Aztec Municipal Airport: $475,020 for the reconstruction of 6,980 square
yards of the existing apron to maintain the structural integrity of the
pavement.

 - Carrizozo Municipal Airport: $180,227 for crack sealing on 4,944 feet of
Runway 6/24 to maintain the structural integrity of the pavement and minimize
debris on the runway.

 - Gallup Municipal Airport: $3,368,298 for the mill and overlay of 7,315 feet
of the existing Runway 06/24 pavement.

 - Grants-Milan Municipal Airport: $221,490 for design phase 2 of 3 for the full
reconstruction of the 7,172 feet of existing runway pavement.

 - Lea County-Zip Franklin Memorial Airport: $144,450 for installation of a
3,550 foot perimeter fence to prevent unauthorized persons and vehicles from
entering the airfield.

 - Los Alamos Airport: $193,343 for a sealcoat for 6,000 feet of Runway 09/27 to
maintain the structural integrity of the pavement and minimize debris on the
runway.

 - Ohkay Owingeh Airport: $315,000 to construct a building to store snow removal
equipment and extend the life of the equipment by protecting it from adverse
weather conditions.

 - Santa Fe Municipal Airport: $500,000 awarded through the Small Community Air
Service Development Program for a revenue guarantee and marketing program to
support service to Phoenix, Ariz.

 - Shiprock Airstrip Airport: $350,000 for the design phase of reconstruction of
5,341 feet of the existing runway pavement, and $135,000 for an aeronautical
survey for RNAV approach for runway 02/20.

 - Socorro Municipal Airport: $192,600 for a new vertical/visual guidance system
and precision approach pathway indicator to make the airport more accessible by
improving approaches to the runway ends.

 - Springer Municipal Airport: $450,000 for the construction phase of the
installation of a 12,250 foot perimeter fence to keep wildlife out of the
airport.



 Total awarded funding: $6,525,428



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: July 15, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              733 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                              July 15, 2016 Friday

Washington: Udall, Heinrich Announce $6.5 Million for Construction and
Maintenance at 11 NM Airports

LENGTH: 584  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: Office of the Senator Tom Udall has issued the following news
release:



 Today, U.S. Senators Tom Udall and Martin Heinrich announced more than $6.5
million in grants for maintenance and construction projects at 11 New Mexico
airports. The grants were awarded by the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA)
and U.S. Department of Transportation's Office of Aviation Analysis, and fund
runway rehabilitations, building and fencing construction, and other safety
improvements.





 "New Mexico's airports help drive the local economies of many of our
communities, and these grants will fund needed repairs and construction projects
to make air travel throughout our state safer and more efficient," Udall said.
"As a member of the Senate Appropriations and Commerce committees, I'll continue
to fight for resources to modernize our airports and transportation systems to
better connect our communities, and support tourism and business opportunities
that help create jobs."



 "Modernizing our transportation system is critical to longterm economic growth
and spurs job creation across New Mexico," Heinrich said. "Federal investments
to improve infrastructure at our airports--particularly throughout Indian
Country--will support commerce, connect New Mexicans, and improve safety. The
transportation and the aviation industries in New Mexico keep our state a prime
destination for business and tourism, and I will work to ensure they continue to
thrive."



 The projects funded by the grants are:



 - Aztec Municipal Airport: $475,020 for the reconstruction of 6,980 square
yards of the existing apron to maintain the structural integrity of the
pavement.

 - Carrizozo Municipal Airport: $180,227 for crack sealing on 4,944 feet of
Runway 6/24 to maintain the structural integrity of the pavement and minimize
debris on the runway.

 - Gallup Municipal Airport: $3,368,298 for the mill and overlay of 7,315 feet
of the existing Runway 06/24 pavement.

 - Grants-Milan Municipal Airport: $221,490 for design phase 2 of 3 for the full
reconstruction of the 7,172 feet of existing runway pavement.

 - Lea County-Zip Franklin Memorial Airport: $144,450 for installation of a
3,550 foot perimeter fence to prevent unauthorized persons and vehicles from
entering the airfield.

 - Los Alamos Airport: $193,343 for a sealcoat for 6,000 feet of Runway 09/27 to
maintain the structural integrity of the pavement and minimize debris on the
runway.

 - Ohkay Owingeh Airport: $315,000 to construct a building to store snow removal
equipment and extend the life of the equipment by protecting it from adverse
weather conditions.

 - Santa Fe Municipal Airport: $500,000 awarded through the Small Community Air
Service Development Program for a revenue guarantee and marketing program to
support service to Phoenix, Ariz.

 - Shiprock Airstrip Airport: $350,000 for the design phase of reconstruction of
5,341 feet of the existing runway pavement, and $135,000 for an aeronautical
survey for RNAV approach for runway 02/20.

 - Socorro Municipal Airport: $192,600 for a new vertical/visual guidance system
and precision approach pathway indicator to make the airport more accessible by
improving approaches to the runway ends.

 - Springer Municipal Airport: $450,000 for the construction phase of the
installation of a 12,250 foot perimeter fence to keep wildlife out of the
airport.



 Total awarded funding: $6,525,428



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: July 15, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              734 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             July 12, 2016 Tuesday

Washington: Udall, Heinrich Announce $6.5 Million for Construction and
Maintenance at 11 NM Airports

LENGTH: 582  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: Office of the Senator Martin Heinrich has issued the following news
release:



 Today, U.S. Senators Tom Udall and Martin Heinrich announced more than $6.5
million in grants for maintenance and construction projects at 11 New Mexico
airports. The grants were awarded by the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA)
and U.S. Department of Transportation's Office of Aviation Analysis, and fund
runway rehabilitations, building and fencing construction, and other safety
improvements.





 "New Mexico's airports help drive the local economies of many of our
communities, and these grants will fund needed repairs and construction projects
to make air travel throughout our state safer and more efficient," Udall said.
"As a member of the Senate Appropriations and Commerce committees, I'll continue
to fight for resources to modernize our airports and transportation systems to
better connect our communities, and support tourism and business opportunities
that help create jobs."



 "Modernizing our transportation system is critical to longterm economic growth
and spurs job creation across New Mexico," Heinrich said. "Federal investments
to improve infrastructure at our airports--particularly throughout Indian
Country--will support commerce, connect New Mexicans, and improve safety. The
transportation and the aviation industries in New Mexico keep our state a prime
destination for business and tourism, and I will work to ensure they continue to
thrive."



 The projects funded by the grants are:



 - Aztec Municipal Airport: $475,020 for the reconstruction of 6,980 square
yards of the existing apron to maintain the structural integrity of the
pavement.



 - Carrizozo Municipal Airport: $180,227 for crack sealing on 4,944 feet of
Runway 6/24 to maintain the structural integrity of the pavement and minimize
debris on the runway.



 - Gallup Municipal Airport: $3,368,298 for the mill and overlay of 7,315 feet
of the existing Runway 06/24 pavement.



 - Grants-Milan Municipal Airport: $221,490 for design phase 2 of 3 for the full
reconstruction of the 7,172 feet of existing runway pavement.



 - Lea County-Zip Franklin Memorial Airport: $144,450 for installation of a
3,550 foot perimeter fence to prevent unauthorized persons and vehicles from
entering the airfield.



 - Los Alamos Airport: $193,343 for a sealcoat for 6,000 feet of Runway 09/27 to
maintain the structural integrity of the pavement and minimize debris on the
runway.



 - Ohkay Owingeh Airport: $315,000 to construct a building to store snow removal
equipment and extend the life of the equipment by protecting it from adverse
weather conditions.



 - Santa Fe Municipal Airport: $500,000 awarded through the Small Community Air
Service Development Program for a revenue guarantee and marketing program to
support service to Phoenix, Ariz.



 - Shiprock Airstrip Airport: $350,000 for the design phase of reconstruction of
5,341 feet of the existing runway pavement, and $135,000 for an aeronautical
survey for RNAV approach for runway 02/20.



 - Socorro Municipal Airport: $192,600 for a new vertical/visual guidance system
and precision approach pathway indicator to make the airport more accessible by
improving approaches to the runway ends.



 - Springer Municipal Airport: $450,000 for the construction phase of the
installation of a 12,250 foot perimeter fence to keep wildlife out of the
airport.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: July 13, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              735 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                WMI Company News

                            February 28, 2014 Friday

US announces $600m TIGER funding to support transportation projects

LENGTH: 251 words


US President Barack Obama and transportation secretary Anthony Foxx have
approved $600m of funds under sixth round of transportation investment
generating economic recovery (TIGER) competitive grant programme to aid
transportation projects across the country.

The TIGER 2014 grant programme will focus on projects that will offer reliable,
safe and affordable transportation options to improve connections for both urban
and rural communities.

Transportation secretary Foxx said "President Obama knows that transportation
means opportunity for so many Americans

"TIGER investments answer the President's challenge to expand opportunity
through a strong transportation system that connects Americans with a better way
of life."

The US Department of Transportation (DOT) will prioritise applications for
capital projects that will better connect people to jobs, training and other
opportunities; support redevelopment and relinking of neighbourhoods divided by
physical barriers like highways and railroads.

The TIGER programme started as part of the American Recovery and Reinvestment
Act, provides federal funding possibilities for large multi-modal projects.

The $474m 2013 TIGER round supported $1.8bn in overall project investments.

The TIGER grant programme has awarded $3.5bn to 270 projects across 50 states,
Washington DC and Puerto Rico since 2009.

The recent funding has been provided as part of the bipartisan Consolidated
Appropriations Act.

Image: US President Barack Obama. Photo: courtesy of Pete Souza.

LOAD-DATE: February 28, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2014 World Market Intelligence Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              736 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                        Daily Camera (Boulder, Colorado)

                          February 23, 2011 Wednesday

Federal budget proposal could force cuts to Boulder housing, family services

BYLINE: Heath Urie Camera Staff Writer

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 958 words


Boulder's 2011 Community Development Block Grant awards


$175,000 -- Boulder Housing Partners

 $150,000 -- Family Resource Schools

 $100,000 -- Longs Peak Energy Conservation

 $56,400 -- Longs Peak Energy Conservation

 $50,000 -- The Acorn School

 $50,000 -- Mental Health Center of Boulder County

 $40,000 -- Colorado Enterprise Fund

 $35,000 -- New Horizons Preschool

 $30,000 -- Dental Aid

 $25,000 -- The Acorn School

 $15,200 -- Immigrant Legal Center

 $8,000 -- Safehouse Progressive Alliance for Nonviolence

 $7,000 -- Medicine Horse Program

 $4,392 -- Care Connect

 $4,000 -- Care Connect



 Boulder officials are voicing their opposition to President Barack Obama's plan
to slash up to $300 million from the Community Development Block Grant Program
in 2012, which they say would reduce funding for local nonprofit groups by up to
$75,000.



 The president's budget proposal, released last week, calls for a 7.5 percent
reduction in overall funding for the grant program, which began supporting
nonprofit groups in 1974 and is one of the longest continuously operating
programs under the U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development.

 Boulder is considered an "entitlement community" under the program, and
receives an average of about $1 million per year. The city distributes the
grants to nonprofit groups to pay for the capital needs of programs that support
low-income residents.

 "We focus our funding on low- and moderate-income people," said Jeff Yegian,
Boulder's Community Development Program Manager. "The nonprofit community has
come to rely on (federal) funding."

 In a recent letter to U.S. Rep. Jared Polis, Boulder Mayor Susan Osborne wrote
that the combination of grants and other resources "allows the city to
strengthen public infrastructure, increase the supply of affordable housing and
improve the quality of life for the city's low- and moderate-income residents."

 Lara Cottingham, a spokeswoman for the Boulder Democrat, said Wednesday that
Polis "really supports" the Community Development Block Grant Program and that
he is "working to find a way to keep that program going."

 While Polis released a statement on Feb. 14 lauding the president's 2012 budget
as going to "great lengths to reduce the deficit, while also placing a high
priority on investing in education," Cottingham said the statement was not meant
to address the proposed grant reductions.

 She clarified that "the congressman feels there are good parts and bad parts of
the budget."

 Boulder's appeal for help -- which will soon be distributed to the rest of
Colorado's congressional delegation -- highlights that the grants are used in
Boulder primarily for housing rehabilitation and community nonprofit facilities.
They also heavily support the Family Resource Schools Program, a joint program
between the city and the Boulder Valley School District that provides basic
support and referral services to at-risk families and children.

 Under the president's 2012 budget proposal, that program would likely face cuts
of $11,500 per year, according to city estimates.

 "It would mean that we would have to make some cutbacks on services," said
Kathryn Coleman, Boulder's school-based services manager.

 Coleman, who oversees the Family Resource Schools Program for the city, said
the grants pay for a wide variety of services for low-income families, ranging
from providing tutors and mental health counselors and paying for children's
reading glasses and winter coats.

 The program, which operates at Columbine, Creekside, Crest View and Whittier
elementary schools, was awarded $150,000 this year. The money helps dozens of
students and their families, such as Rosa Estrada and her two daughters.

 "I used to be pretty stable regarding finances, but I started struggling," said
Estrada, who has lived in Boulder for 13 years and lost her job in 2010. "I was
about to become homeless. It was a very, very difficult time."

 The grant money helped Estrada pay her rent and car insurance while she and her
two daughters, ages 11 and 16, got back on their feet.

 She said the help was just what she needed to survive, and the program also got
her more involved with her children's education. She said it would be
devastating for the city to lose funding for the program that helped her.

 "This is crucial," she said.

 But as much as city officials and program managers are worried about how the
2012 budget cuts could affect local programs, a pending U.S. House bill calls
for reducing the block grant funding by 62.5 percent for the rest of 2011. If
that happened, Boulder would lose out on an estimated $640,000 that's already
been allocated.

 Some Boulder officials said it doesn't seem likely that the U.S. Senate would
approve the measure, but if it did, several Boulder programs that are set to
receive money this year would likely see their funding reduced or eliminated
entirely.

 Some of the projects receiving federal grant money this year include:
development of a wellness education center at the Mental Health Center of
Boulder County; rehabilitation of the New Horizons Cooperative Preschool in
north Boulder; micro-loans provided to business startups through the Colorado
Enterprise Fund; and expansion of childcare facilities at The Acorn School
early-childhood center at 2580 Iris Ave.

 During a recent Boulder City Council meeting, Councilwoman Crystal Gray said
the National League of Cities is working to spread awareness about the proposed
funding cuts.

 Councilwoman Suzy Ageton said many officials are paying attention to the
proposal, and that she considers the grants to be a "critical source of funding
for us to address a large number of needs."

 Contact Camera Staff Writer Heath Urie at 303-473-1328, or
urieh@dailycamera.com

U.S. Rep. Jared Polis, D-Boulder

LOAD-DATE: January 26, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: U.S. Rep. Jared Polis, D-Boulder

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2011 Prairie Mountain Publishing
                              All Rights Reserved


                              737 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                           Austin Daily Herald, Minn.

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            August 20, 2013 Tuesday

City asks Foundation for $410K in grants

BYLINE: Trey Mewes, Austin Daily Herald, Minn.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 849 words


Aug. 20--The Austin City Council approved 14 grant requests to the Hormel
Foundation at its public meeting Monday night, which include funding requests
for a public transportation route to Mayo Clinic Health System -- Albert Lea for
dialysis patients and a home improvement program.

Council members individually rated 14 potential grant requests totaling more
than $410,000 at their last work session, with priority given to the AMCAT
dialysis route and the Austin Housing and Redevelopment Authority's Home
Improvement Program, which could help lower-class homeowners with small repair
projects.

The council placed the least priority on a joint solar vehicle station project
with Riverland Community College and funding for the city's Main Street Project.

The council is requesting funding for the following items, ranked from most to
least important:

--$15,000 to continue an AMCAT busing dialysis route, to take area patients to
Mayo Clinic Health System in Albert Lea for dialysis appointments. The Austin
hospital no longer offers dialysis services.

--$50,000 for the Austin Housing and Redevelopment Authority's Home Improvement
Program.

--$5,000 for the Austin Fire Department to provide fire prevention and education
lessons to the community.

--$25,000 to replace the air conditioning at the Mower County Senior Center.

--$12,500 to replace the heating and cooling system at the nature center's Ruby
Rupner Auditorium.

--$15,000 to convert the city's street lights to LED bulbs.

--$36,426 for the Jay C. Hormel Nature Center education program, which would
cover costs for public school field trips.

--$12,500 for a community entrance sign.

--$35,000 to purchase tablet computers for the Austin Public Library, which
started a computer lease program over the past few years. The library loans
computers to residents on a consistent basis and the tablets would add to the
library's computer program.

--$20,000 for the Chamber of Commerce for Freedom Fest, the city's annual
Independence Day celebration.

--$50,000 to connect Wildwood Park to Mill Pond via a bike trail. The trail
would run north from Mill Pond along the west side of Third and Fourth Streets
Northeast to the tunnel connection under Interstate 90. The city would also
construct a trail on the berm south of Kuehn Motors to connect North Main Street
with Third Avenue.

--$25,000 for a climbing wall at the Austin Municipal Pool.

--$100,000 for the Main Street Project to help businesses upgrade downtown
buildings and make aesthetic improvements.

--$10,000 to start a solar electric vehicle charging station in partnership with
Riverland Community College. Austin Utilities officials would use the station to
power electric vehicles, with any additional energy going back into the city's
power grid. Riverland's solar installer students would build the station as part
of a class project.

In other news, the council:

--Discussed the city's proposed budget for next year. The city will likely stop
receiving $10,000 from the state Department of Transportation to run AMCAT, the
public busing service Austin operates with Mower County. Finance Director Tom
Dankert said the $10,000 will likely be made up through Austin Utilities
payments to the city.

Austin Utilities contributed about $1.6 million to the city's budget last year
as the utilities entity doesn't pay property tax. That total varies over time
depending on how much energy residents used. The move won't raise water or
electric rates as Dankert said the city could easily gain $10,000 from increased
energy usage on a hot or freezing day.

--Voted to bring salary increases for several supervisors to its next meeting
Sept. 3. The council preliminarily voted to approve a $3,000 increase to Police
Captain Dave McKichan's salary, to about $81,800 next year. Parks, Recreation
and Forestry Director Kim Underwood will receive a $10,000 increase to make her
salary about $77,000 next year, which Mayor Tom Stiehm said was the same salary
as the previous Parks & Rec director, who was male. MIS Administrator Don
Tomlinson will receive a $8,000 raise, to make his salary about $67,800 next
year.

The council decided to look into the issue to make supervisor salaries
comparable to nearby cities. City officials initially proposed a $3,000 raise
for Human Resources Director Tricia Wiechmann, but council members voted against
the raise as her salary was within range of human resource directors in other
southern Minnesotan cities. The increase in salary means the city will hold off
hiring an extra police officer until March 2014.

--Set a hearing to discuss sanitary sewer improvements at the 700 block of 22nd
Street Northwest at the next council meeting on Sept. 3.

--Allowed the city Planning and Zoning Department to remove a swimming pool at
403 Ninth Street Northeast, as well as remove junk and illegally stored vehicles
at 1803 Fourth Avenue Northeast, 710 11th Avenue Northwest, and 610 Fourth
Avenue Southwest.

___ (c)2013 the Austin Daily Herald (Austin, Minn.) Visit the Austin Daily
Herald (Austin, Minn.) at www.austindailyherald.com Distributed by MCT
Information Services

LOAD-DATE: August 20, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20130820-1AU-City-asks-Foundation-for-410K-in-grants-0820-20130820

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1AU


                       Copyright 2013 Austin Daily Herald


                              738 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       Palo Alto Daily News (California)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             March 29, 2013 Friday

Redwood City's only charter school to debut in August

BYLINE: Bonnie Eslinger, Palo Alto Daily News, Calif.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 416 words


March 29--A new charter school that will open in Redwood City in August has
picked a principal and enrolled its first wave of students.

Teachers are being hired and details such as lunch and after-school programs are
being worked out, said Whitney Wood, one of the parents who created the school
and worked to get it approved by the Redwood City School District last year.

"We have a huge amount of work ahead of us, there's no doubt about that," Wood
said. "But now we have a parent population to help."

Connect Community Charter School -- the district's only charter -- expects to
open with 140 students in kindergarten, first, second and sixth grades and to
add students and grades each following year until it eventually grows to 300
students in grades K-6. For now, the school will consist of six classrooms and
an administrative office on the Fair Oaks School campus at 2950 Fair Oaks Ave.

More than 240 families applied and students were chosen through a lottery system
administered with the help of Redwood City Mayor Alicia Aguirre on March 3.
Because it recruited students who reflect the school district's general
population, Connect Community ended up with a first-year group that is 59
percent Latino, 31 percent Caucasian and 10 percent other or mixed races,
according to school officials.

Last week, the charter school announced it hired Mary Katayama as the founding
principal. She is a curriculum specialist at the private Mulberry Elementary

School in Los Gatos. Katayama has a master's degree in education and teaching
credential from the University of California, Los Angeles. She has taught in
public elementary schools for 14 years, according to the charter school
announcement.

Katayama was chosen through an extensive search process, Wood said. She and two
other finalists were interviewed by several school panels that included board
members, teachers, parents and even children.

Connect Community promotes itself as a school that will provide hands-on
learning, where students will feel connected to their teachers and each other.

As with all charter schools in California, Connect Community will receive
student-based state funding. It also has applied for a $250,000 state grant
available to charter schools.

Email Bonnie Eslinger at beslinger@dailynewsgroup.com; follow her at
twitter.com/bonnieeslinger.

___ (c)2013 the Palo Alto Daily News (Menlo Park, Calif.) Visit the Palo Alto
Daily News (Menlo Park, Calif.) at www.paloaltodailynews.com Distributed by MCT
Information Services

LOAD-DATE: March 29, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20130329-PL-Redwood-City-s-only-charter-school-to-debut-in-August-0329-20130329

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: PL


                      Copyright 2013 Palo Alto Daily News


                              739 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       The Journal-News (Hamilton, Ohio)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                          November 30, 2011 Wednesday

4-mile bike path construction under way

BYLINE: Richard Wilson, Hamilton JournalNews, Ohio

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 366 words


Nov. 30--HAMILTON -- Construction is under way to build a 4-mile bike path from
the north side of the city to Rentschler Forest MetroPark.

The project is aimed at increasing transportation and recreational
opportunities. Plans call for the trail to eventually connect with the Great
Miami River Recreational Trail in downtown Hamilton.

The $1 million project, awarded to Hamilton-based contractor WG Stang Inc., is
being supervised by the Butler County Engineer's Office, but is being funded by
the Hamilton Community Foundation and a $500,000 grant from the Clean Ohio
Trails Fund.

The first phase of the project, a 2-mile stretch from Allison Avenue and Canal
Road to the Rentscher forest, is expected to be complete by June 2012. The
second phase will connect the path along the river to the downtown trail near
the Courtyard by Marriott.

"We're really glad to see construction get under way," said John Guidugli, HCF
president and CEO. "It's an important amenity for the community to have. It
allows people to get out and exercise, but it also make the community more
accessible. It's not unrealistic that people can use it for transportation."

The project was delayed in part because of a legal battle over property between
the city of Hamilton and the Bonham family. The case was ultimately resolved in
the city's favor in 2007 by the Ohio Supreme Court.

The first phase of the project, a 2-mile stretch from Allison Avenue and Canal
Road to the Rentscher forest, is expected to be complete by June 2012, said Hans
Landefeld, project consultant hired by the community foundation.

"The foundation is to be commended for seeing this project through," Landefeld
said. "They kept interest in the project for at least 10 years. It will be
enjoyed by generations to come."

Until construction is complete on the second phase, which is expected to begin
next year, an on-street bike route will be provided to connect the existing
trail to the section beginning at Allison Avenue.

Contact this reporter at (513) 696-4542 or rwilson@coxohio.com

___ (c)2011 the Hamilton JournalNews (Hamilton, Ohio) Visit the Hamilton
JournalNews (Hamilton, Ohio) at www.journal-news.com Distributed by MCT
Information Services

LOAD-DATE: November 30, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20111130-HL-4-mile-bike-path-construction-under-way-20111130

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: HL


                        Copyright 2011 The Journal-News


                              740 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                              Daily The Pak Banker

                            January 8, 2015 Thursday

Residents of Moruko Payam separated from county headquarters in Ibba

LENGTH: 305  words

DATELINE: JUBA


Residents in the rural area of Moruko Payam since 1972 have been separated from
their county headquarters in Ibba by the thick undergrowth of the forest, making
it difficult for them to receive county services.

During a recent trip to the area, Severio Vurumo Francis, Payam development
committee (PDC) secretary, said, "Moruko is isolated with no school, no health
center and no church because of the inaccessibility of the area."

The Moruko Payam communities unanimously selected the access road project as a
priority, to connect their communities with the county capital of Ibba. The
motivated youth, equipped with tools such as hoes, axes, shovels and rakes, have
been spearheading this clearing effort with support from the Directorate of
Roads in the Ministry of Physical Infrastructure in Western Equatoria. In
response to the community members' request, the county government has agreed to
support them with machinery to help clear the larger trees, including a chainsaw
and someone to operate it.

With the help of a World Bank-funded project, the community is working hard to
change that. About 40 young people are clearing a 43km path to make it usable by
vehicles, with support from the Local Governance and Service Delivery Project
(LGSDP). The path connects to the main road leading to the Ibba County
Headquarters, making the area more accessible and easier for the government to
deliver services to those who live there. The LGSDP is the flagship project of
the Government of South Sudan, which aims to deliver services to the rural poor
while simultaneously strengthening the capacity of county governments. The $98.5
million project helps to strengthen the link between local government and rural
beneficiaries through Payam Development Grants, which are spent on projects that
have been prioritized by the communities.

LOAD-DATE: January 8, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              741 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          South Bend Tribune (Indiana)

                            February 7, 2006 Tuesday
                                Michigan Edition

Distance learning arrives;
Berrien County ISD lands $350,000 federal grant

BYLINE: By MELISSA JACKSON, Tribune Staff Writer

SECTION: LOCAL; Pg. B1

LENGTH: 462 words


BERRIEN SPRINGS -- Videoconferencing technology isn't new to education.

In fact, most districts served by the Berrien County Intermediate School
District have access to the interactive technology within their borders.
However, the equipment is typically housed in the high schools, making it harder
for lower grades to access.

Now, thanks a $350,000 federal grant, 35 elementary and middle schools will have
that same equipment and the opportunities that come with it available to them
in-house.

The Berrien County ISD received a three-year Rural Utilities Services Distance
Learning and Telemedicine Grant administered by the U.S. Department of
Agriculture. The money will be used to buy Polycom videoconferencing units for
qualifying schools. The buildings were selected based on their high rurality and
poverty scores. The Berrien County ISD also contributed more than $190,000 in
matching funds to secure the opportunity for its schools.

"This will bring the world to our classrooms here in Berrien and Cass county,"
Dennis Lundgren, Berrien County ISD's technology director said. "It's going to
give us a chance, through videoconferencing, to support our curriculum and yet
teach our students communication and technology skills that are going to be
needed in the 21st century."

Janine Lim, who coordinated the grant, shared some examples of what the
technology will help schools do.

"We can connect to content providers, such as the Smithsonian American Art
Museum for lessons on history or art," she said. "Students can also connect to
NASA's space center for math and science or technology lessons."

In addition, students can connect with other students nationally and
internationally. For instance, a Read Across America celebration connects
classrooms across the U.S. and Canada and England. And recently, a local class
used videoconferencing to cross-cultural boundaries.

"This fall we just had an issues class connect to a high school class in
Pakistan, and the students discussed culture and current events in that
conversation," Lim said.

Jim Craig, curriculum director for Niles Community Schools, said the unit in the
district's high school is used regularly. He's pleased that another one will be
coming to the district at Ellis Elementary School, which qualified for a device
based on its rurality and free and reduced lunch population.

"The limitations for elementary schools is that ... if you've got to get in a
bus anyway, you might as well go on a real field trip," Craig said.

"When we have these kinds of units right in the buildings, students don't have
to leave their buildings to take advantage of the resource, and the resources
that come to us through the distance learning technology are endless."

Staff writer Melissa Jackson:

mwest@sbtinfo.com

(269) 687-7003

LOAD-DATE: March 1, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Distance learning Fourteen area school districts will benefit from a
$350,000 Rural Utilities Service Distance Learning and Telemedicine Grant
awarded to the Berrien County Intermediate School District.       Berrien
Springs Edwardsburg  Bridgman Galien  Buchanan Marcellus  Cassopolis New Buffalo
Coloma    Niles Dowagiac  River Valley Eau Claire

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2006 South Bend Tribune Corporation
                              All Rights Reserved


                              742 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            November 2, 2015 Monday

Washington: Rep. Sewell Secures $20M Transit Grant for the City of Birmingham

LENGTH: 411 words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Washington: Office of the house of representative Terri A. Sewell has issued
the following news release:



 Congresswoman Terri Sewell announced today that she helped the City of
Birmingham secure a $20 million TIGER Grant from the U.S. Department of
Transportation. The money will be used for a 15-mile Bus Rapid Transit (BRT)
project which will connect 25 West and East Birmingham neighborhoods that are
primarily low-income, communities of color.





 &ldquo;I am proud to have helped secure this $20 million TIGER Grant for this
critically important project. Birmingham is a City on the rise, and this project
will support our efforts to improve our public transportation, and revitalize
the Magic City,&rdquo; said Rep. Sewell. &ldquo;One of the primary goals of
President Obama's Ladders of Opportunity initiative is community revitalization.
This project will help us create more economic opportunities for underserved
communities, and contribute to the success of the Birmingham World Games in
2021.&rdquo;



 &ldquo;The significance of this funding is that it allows us to connect the
eastern and western parts of town with the city center providing access to jobs,
education opportunities and healthcare in a transformative way. This was a
collaborative effort and our thanks go out to the team of people that worked to
secure this grant, especially Congresswoman Sewell who made it her mission to
get it approved,&rdquo; said Birmingham Mayor William Bell.



 &ldquo;This is a wonderful day for the Birmingham-Jefferson County (BJCTA)
area,&rdquo; said Rev. Patrick Sellers, the Birmingham-Jefferson County Transit
Authority Board Chairman. &ldquo;We can now move towards the next generation of
public transit in the area with Bus Rapid Transit (BRT). This funding will help
us continue toward our mission to provide world-class transit service that is
convenient, reliable and safe.&rdquo;



 &ldquo;We are so thankful for Congresswoman Terri Sewell's tireless work to get
this funding for the system. Her work changes the game for public transit in
Alabama.  The BRT line will make a huge difference for thousands of commuters
who need and deserve reliable transit service,&rdquo; said Barbara Murdock,
BJCTA Interim Executive Director.  &ldquo;This will enable us to expand service
to better meet the needs of the many communities we serve.&rdquo;



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: November 2, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              743 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                     The News-Gazette (Champaign, Illinois)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           September 14, 2012 Friday

'Project of year' to Big Broadband

BYLINE: The News-Gazette, Champaign-Urbana, Ill.

SECTION: BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL NEWS

LENGTH: 275 words


Sept. 14--URBANA -- A national group that promotes community-level
telecommunications on Thursday named the Urbana-Champaign Big Broadband
initiative as its "community broadband project of the year."

The National Association of Telecommunications Officers and Advisors chose Big
Broadband "for deploying an innovative, open-access FTTH (fiber-to-the-home)
network, and turning on its head the traditional model of starting with the most
lucrative areas by prioritizing first low-income and unserved communities."

Big Broadband is a $31 million, largely grant-funded project to connect
low-income neighborhoods and community institutions to a high-speed fiber-optic
network capable of carrying huge amounts of information and Internet access.

Organizers are in the middle of trying to figure out how to expand the network
beyond the neighborhoods paid for with grants. Big Broadband principal
investigator Mike Smeltzer said Big Broadband bucks the tendency to build in the
highest-income neighborhoods first.

"I think we maybe always thought that we were a little bit ahead of the curve,"
Smeltzer said.

In a news release, Gov. Pat Quinn commended the project and thanked local
organizers.

"We are committed to growing our broadband infrastructure to connect every
corner of our great state," Quinn said in the release. "I would like to
congratulate the Urbana-Champaign Big Broadband project, and I would like to
thank them for their innovation and tireless efforts to make a difference in
their community."

___ (c)2012 The News-Gazette (Champaign, Ill.) Visit The News-Gazette
(Champaign, Ill.) at www.news-gazette.com Distributed by MCT Information
Services

LOAD-DATE: September 14, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20120914-CM-TELECOM-BIG-BROADBAND-20120914

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: CM


                        Copyright 2012 The News-Gazette


                              744 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                   The McDowell News (Marion, North Carolina)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                          February 21, 2007 Wednesday

Water project running smoothly

BYLINE: The McDowell News, Marion, N.C.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 629 words


Feb. 21--Last week, contractors working for McDowell County began the latest
phase of the Nebo water system.

And county officials are informing people living along the lines about how they
can get connected for water service.

Lines will be built along U.S. 70 from the stoplight in Nebo to the Little
Mountain community near the Burke County line. Another line will be placed on
Harmony Grove Road from the stoplight to the intersection with South Creek Road.
A water line along N.C. 126 and Wildlife Road was completed in December. The
total construction cost for all three lines will be approximately $2.5 million.

In early 2004, people living in the Little Mountain community asked the McDowell
County Commissioners for municipal water service. Several homeowners in the area
rely on springs and poorly functioning wells for drinking water. The
commissioners asked county staff to start looking at ways to serve this
community with county water.

"The Board of Commissioners have made the establishment of county-owned water
system a priority," said Commission Chairman Andy Webb. "The extension of these
lines along with the pursuit of an intake on Lake James are moving us toward
that goal."

Although both lines are being constructed to primarily serve a specific
community or company, people living along the line will be able to connect to
the system. The county has distributed letters to folks along both lines with
information about the project and an application for service. County officials
stress in the letter that connection to the system is optional. The connection
fee will be $300 until six months after completion of the project. The estimated
end dates for the discount period are mid-August for the Harmony Grove Road line
and mid-February 2008 for the U.S. 70 line. The date is subject to change
depending on final completion date for each line, county officials said.

After the initial connection period, the tap fees will be considerably higher.
Once the application has been approved, the city of Marion will install a meter.
Individuals are required to connect their household plumbing to the meter but
may keep their wells for yard or garden irrigation and car washing through an
outside spigot. Under state law, the two plumbing systems must be physically
disconnected and verified by the McDowell County building inspector prior to
having the meter activated.

County officials urge anyone who lives in the project area that did not receive
a letter to contact Ashley Wooten, assistant to the county manager, at 652-7121.

The county-owned water system is being built with the help of federal and state
money.

In December 2004, then U.S. Rep. Charles Taylor announced an EPA State and
Tribal Assistant Grant (STAG) to help begin the water system. In spring of 2006,
the N.C. Department of Commerce awarded the county a concentrated needs grant to
help pay for the installation of the water line to the community. This grant
will also provide for housing improvements for persons in the designated
community that qualify.

The Harmony Grove Road line will also benefit from the STAG grant as well as
money from the N.C. Rural Center and the state Department of Commerce. The
latter two grant funds were provided with the expectation that RDM Electronics
would hire additional workers.

The contract with Cooper Construction provides for a completion date of mid-May
for the Harmony Grove Road line. The line along U.S. 70 should be completed by
August.

Copyright (c) 2007, The McDowell News, Marion, N.C. Distributed by
McClatchy-Tribune Business News. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: November 21, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20070221-MQ-0221-Water-project-running-smoothly

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: MQ


                                 Copyright 2007


                              745 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                         Peterborough Evening Telegraph

                               September 26, 2005

PLAY SPACE: School bids for church field site

LENGTH: 706 words


PARENTS, teachers and governors are continuing their bid for a piece of vacant
land to be transformed into a school play area.

More than 120 people, including parents, grandparents and members of Gladstone
community, packed in to Gladstone Primary School, in Gladstone Street,
Peterborough, to discuss the future of the nearby Hobson's field, which is part
of the old St Barnabas Church site.

School leaders say they desperately need the land - as they don't have enough
space for all their pupils to enjoy playtimes at once.

Those who attended the meeting said they were confused as to why Peterborough
City Council had agreed to purchase the land, but then made a U-turn on this
decision.

The council has stated it is trying again to negotiate a purchase - although no
one from the council attended Friday night's public meeting.

Omar Vawda, headteacher of Gladstone Primary School, said: "We have 400
children, yet our playground is barely adequate for 150. We have to stagger
playtimes so that all the children are not crowding onto the tiny yard at the
same time."

Chairman of the school governors, David Jost, reported that no officer of the
council had been able to accept an invitation to attend the meeting.

However, he confirmed the council had received a letter from the East of England
Development Agency (Eeda), pledging to give a grant to the council towards the
purchase of the land.

Mr Jost said: "I received some encouraging news just an hour ago from Neil
Darwin, the council's economic regeneration manager. The council got a letter
today from the East of England Development Agency announcing a grant to purchase
the church for a Community Cohesion Project to benefit the whole community."

Peterborough MP Stewart Jackson has pledged his support for regeneration group
Gladstone Connect's attempt to persuade the council to secure the field.

Ed Murphy, programme director of regeneration group Gladstone Connect, believes
the meeting was a "huge step" in the group's bid to persuade the council to
acquire the land.

He said: "The amount of people at the meeting proves how important the land
would be to the school."

Nazim Khan, chair of Gladstone Connect, cautioned the meeting to wait before
celebrating the Eeda announcement.

He said: "It is still possible the church authorities may not choose to sell to
the council. We have been let down before, and it could happen again."

Cllr Abdul Razaq, who represents the Central ward, urged the governors to have
detailed discussions with the council about a business plan for the project.

He said: "The priority must be for more playspace for our children."

Jennie Kendall, spokeswoman for Peterborough City Council, said: "As a result of
our discussions we have been advised by the estate agents acting for the Church
Commissioners that the property would not fully meet the needs of the school in
developing its educational requirements.

"This includes an existing covenant on the land to keep the church building and
the majority of the trees which have recently been subject to a tree
preservation order.

"This in effect means the land could not be used as initially anticipated.
However, it could provide general facilities for the community and we have
registered our interest in the property, and have received the letter."

Family Welfare Association supports school's bid for site

BOSSES of The Family Welfare Association, which occupies the St Barnabas church
hall, are backing the school's bid, claiming if the council bought the site it
would save the service.

Chris Akrill, manager of the association, attended the meeting to secure the
site for extra space for Gladstone School.

He said: "We are right behind the school's campaign to acquire the church,
because otherwise our services would be under threat of closure in a few years'
time.

"The hall is rather old and becoming dilapidated, but it's all we've got. We
have a contract with the council, and we work very hard to support vulnerable
children and their parents with our playgroup and social work activities.

"It would make very good sense for the council to purchase the church, the
grounds and the church hall."

LOAD-DATE: September 27, 2005

LANGUAGE: English

                      © Copyright 2005 Johnston Press Plc


                              746 of 998 DOCUMENTS


            The Fayetteville Observer (Fayetteville, North Carolina)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             March 18, 2008 Tuesday

Moore County's black communities getting connected

BYLINE: Sarah A. Reid, The Fayetteville Observer, N.C.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 1010 words


Mar. 18--With the help of state activists, some of Moore County's small,
unincorporated black communities are getting basic services for the first time.

Last month, the University of North Carolina's Center for Civil Rights said the
Waynor Road community, which sits off N.C. 22 near Southern Pines, received $1.1
million in state and local grants. That money should allow the entire community
to connect to water and sewer for the first time.

"We are excited about getting this water and sewer," said Joyce Ray, secretary
for the community group Waynor Road in Action.

In 2005, some in Moore County's black communities threatened to bring attention
to their plight by protesting at the U.S. Open. The protest never happened, but
a reaction did. The municipalities that historically had ignored the small,
black communities suddenly became interested in residents' welfare. Towns
pursued grants and put up part of their own budgets.

In the past two years, more than $3million has poured into four Moore County
communities to help pay for basic services.

Those communities -- Jackson Hamlet, Midway, Addor and Waynor Road -- are
encouraged by the municipalities' efforts. But they say their activism is far
from over.

"They are still sliding by and not paying us no attention," said Alex
McAllister, who lives in Midway, a community near Aberdeen.

Most of the original inhabitants of Moore County's small, unincorporated black
communities worked in area resorts. These communities formed as employers and
large landowners sold land on the outskirts of towns.

When the resort towns wanted to grow, they annexed land around Midway, Jackson
Hamlet, Monroe Town and other black communities. That move created what
advocates call pockets of poverty, doughnut holes full of minority communities
that were not entitled to the towns' services.

Midway is one of Moore County's small, unincorporated, primarily black towns. It
sits between a railroad track and a stream in Aberdeen.

The community's main road -- Midway Road -- is used as a shortcut for motorists
trying to avoid U.S. 1. The Aberdeen Police Department uses it, and on Tuesdays
and Thursdays so do the trash trucks. But neither police nor trash trucks stop
there.

"Everybody basically has to get their trash to the dump up by Jackson Hamlet,"
said Maurice B. Holland Sr., president of Midway Community Association.

Police protection comes from the Sheriff's Office, which is based 16 miles away
in Carthage. Aberdeen's Police Department is less than two miles away.

Town controls

None of the residents of Midway, or any of the other unincorporated communities,
can vote in town elections because residents technically are not part of the
town.

Towns, however, can enact ordinances effecting those unincorporated areas. Most
lie within a municipality's extraterritorial jurisdiction.

Midway's problems are echoed in other Moore County communities. Some, like
Midway, are fighting to be annexed into the nearest town so residents can get
police patrols, trash pickup and voting rights. Some people, however, fear
higher property taxes.

"A significant amount of progress has been made, but there is a lot of change
yet to be done," Holland said.

Last spring, Jackson Hamlet got $850,000 in local and state money to connect 50
homes on the west side of N.C.5 to a sewer line. The estimated cost to hook up
the entire community: $2million.

Bruce Gould, a planner with neighboring Pinehurst, said he expects construction
on the first phase of the three-phase project to start in the next six months.

"We have made a commitment to the community to acquire additional funding when
available," Gould said.

Toward the end of the year, Pinehurst will reapply for another $750,000
Community Development Block Grant, Village Manager Andy Wilkison said.

"Apparently we have to be close to finishing out phase one before we start
that," he said.

In February, engineers started to lay the last set of sewer lines through
Midway. In the late 1980s, early 1990s, when lines were first laid, there wasn't
enough money to pipe the entire area.

"Right now there is a bunch of lots, and the line will just be going by,"
Aberdeen Town Manger Bill Zell said.

Twenty-nine homes will be able to hook into the line without any fees because of
$830,000 in grants secured by the town.

In 2006, Addor, a black community near Pinebluff, was given $590,000 in grants
to run water and sewer lines to 16 homes. The county also is applying part of a
$400,000 grant to rehabilitate one home. Construction has not started, said
Dennis Brobst, the county's public works director. Engineers are identifying
what needs to be repaired in the home and are plotting utility lines.

Addor is the only black community receiving grants that has not worked with the
UNC Center for Civil Rights. In the other three communities -- Midway, Jackson
Hamlet and Waynor Road -- center workers, at the request of the community,
helped them organize and lobby for services.

"We have a lot to be excited about, but again this is one of many steps to
keeping these communities vibrant," said Diane Standaert, a lawyer who has
worked in Moore County.

"Other communities are starting to hear about what is happening and that
community activism can be used to address problems in their communities," she
said.

Communities from across the state have asked the staff at UNC to teach them how
to fight for basic services. In October, staff members met in Greenville. They
have been asked to hold meetings in the western part of the state.

"The word is getting out," Standaert said.

Staff writer Sarah A. Reid can be reached at reids@fayobserver.com or 323-4848,
ext. 280.

To see more of The Fayetteville Observer, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go
to http://www.fayettevillenc.com/. Copyright (c) 2008, The Fayetteville
Observer, N.C. Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For
reprints, email tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or
847-635-6550, send a fax to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group
Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave., Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: March 18, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20080318-FY-Moore-County-s-black-communities-getting-connected-0318

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: FY


                    Copyright 2008 The Fayetteville Observer


                              747 of 998 DOCUMENTS

           Copyright 2016 iWave Information System, Inc., All Rights
                                    Reserved
                      VeriGift Charitable Giving by iWave


               RECIPIENT: Community Foundation of Eastern Connect
                   DONOR: Lisa Dawley-Grant and William Grant


                           LAST UPDATED: May 5, 2016
                              DONATION YEAR: 2014

* * * * * * * * * * * * * * TRANSACTION SUMMARY * * * * * * * * * * * * * *


DONATION TYPE:  Annual Gift
DONATION RANGE:  USD 1 - 499

* * * * * * * * * * RECIPIENT DETAILS * * * * * * * * * *


RECIPIENT:  Community Foundation of Eastern Connect
TAXCODE:  06-1080097
URL:  http://www.cfect.org
LOCATION:  New London, CT, 06320
CATEGORY:  Philanthropy Voluntarism and Grantmaking Foundations

* * * * * * * * * * DONOR DETAILS * * * * * * * * * *


DONOR:  Lisa Dawley-Grant and William Grant
DONOR TYPE:  Individuals

LOAD-DATE: June 10, 2016


                              748 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                             The Examiner Newspaper

                           February 22, 2014 Saturday

Libs promise $40,000 for outreach van

BYLINE: Daniel McCulloch

SECTION: Pg. 7

LENGTH: 306 words


GOVERNMENT funding to Launceston City Mission's outreach van would be doubled if
the Liberals won next month's state election, Bass Liberal MHA Michael Ferguson
announced yesterday.

Mr Ferguson committed to doubling the annual operating grant given to the
charity's Mission Beat van from $20,000 to $40,000 for three years.

Launceston City Mission chief executive Stephen Brown yesterday said the boost
in funding would allow the charity to expand the outreach service.

"We're looking to reach three more sites at least a week, where we can connect
with more students and their families," he said. "It will also enable us to
support a wider range of community events without worrying about running out of
hot

food."

Between 7000 and 8000 students in the state's North connect with the Mission
Beat van every year, giving thousands of families a point of first-contact into
the services that the mission offers.

Mr Brown said additional funding would relieve the pressure of relying on
donors.

"We're grateful for the funding we've received in the past but this will put us
on surer footing," he said. "We can now spend more time out in the community
providing hands-on services."

Mr Brown said if the larger grant was secured, fund-raising activities could
shift focus to supporting mission services which operated at a loss.

Mr Ferguson said the announcement came after consultation with the state's
charity sector revealed that the organisations were struggling to keep up with
growing demand.

"We want to give these providers certainty into the future," Mr Ferguson said.

"Doubling the operating grant may not sound like a lot in the context of the
election campaign, but it is guaranteed to make a meaningful difference to the
work of the mission."

Annual operating grants for Loui's Van in Hobart and Gran's Van in Devonport
would also be doubled.

LOAD-DATE: February 21, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


             Copyright 2014 Fairfax Media Publications Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              749 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                           Donnybrook Bridgetown Mail

                                October 7, 2015

Nannup connect bus returns

BYLINE: SUECLAIRE DONOVAN

SECTION: COMMUNITY

LENGTH: 138  words


THE popular Nannup Connect Bus Service resumed its services On Tuesday October
6, to the delight of local travellers.

This has been made possible with the use of the Nannup Community Bus, which was
purchased by way of grants and community groups fundraising in September 2015.

At present, the Nannup Connect bus will be travelling each fortnight on Tuesday
mornings leaving from the Nannup Community Resource Centre at 9am. It will
alternate between travelling to Busselton and Manjimup, returning passengers
around 1.30pm.

The cost for travel is $6 per person.

The Nannup Community Bus is available for hire primarily for non-profit groups,
including youth and sporting groups located within the Shire of Nannup.

The bus is also available for public hire by residents of Nannup.

For more information call the Nannup CRC on 9756 3022.

LOAD-DATE: October 23, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


             Copyright 2015 Fairfax Media Publications Pty. Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              750 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          The Journal (Newcastle, UK)

                           November 17, 2007 Saturday

BYLINE: Tom Patterson

SECTION: Pg. 79

LENGTH: 599 words


NANCY Tweddell has moved on from  her role as Cumbria Farm Link manager.  Her
departure marks 11 years of work with Cumbria's farming and rural communities on
funding initiatives run under the umbrella of  Cumbria Rural Enterprise Agency,
based at Redhills, near Penrith.

Now the Cumbria Farm Link team is being managed by former Newton Rigg College
agricultural lecturer Harry Martin, who has been the farm advisory team leader
at Crea since September 2004.

The current well known Farming Connect Cumbria programme draws to a close next
year after injecting almost £7.5m of capital as well as technical advisory work
into the county's farms since its inception more than three years ago.

"I am very pleased with the programme and what we have achieved," said Nancy.
"It has been very worthwhile.

"Through the scheme, working with as many as 1,500 farmers, around half of whom
have been awarded grants, we have developed a central contact point for the
farmers, who recognise and respect us for what we do.

"As a result, we have also developed a large network of contacts which we can
put farmers in touch with. This  hub' is very much needed in Cumbria both now
and for the future."

Nancy, whose family farm is near Hesket Newmarket, began working with the
industry as Cumbria Farm Link manager in January 1997, handling the Objective 5b
area programme, giving environmental and business advice as well as capital
grants which over its four years provided £2m.

Research in 1999 identified gaps in funding which in turn led to the
establishment of Farming Connect Cumbria through financial support from Rural
Regeneration Cumbria after 2001's foot-and-mouth epidemic.

Nancy and Harry have worked with a team of  about 30 advisers and three
part-time administrative staff under the umbrella of Crea, which has supported
the programme's vital systems and processes.

Projects awarded capital grants have ranged  from slurry stores to sheep pens
and water recycling systems to milking parlours, at an average grant rate  of
37%.

"We feel that we have achieved what we set out to do   to help farmers think
about and plan their future, and to provide funding for what they really need to
keep their businesses viable and strong.

"Grants have been awarded through a rigorous process involving independent
assessors, a grant  panel and, if necessary, an appeals process.  Some
applicants have been turned down, which has been difficult, but it has been
right because the grant would not have helped the business move forward. And
some decided themselves it was wiser not to go ahead at present."

Careful management of the programme's finances has recently enabled the release
of further funding for small grants of up to £2,500.  All work will have to be
finished and the money paid out before FCC's conclusion in the early summer of
2008.

Any future funding is likely to focus on improving "carbon awareness" and
resource management, as well as energy efficiency on farms, and Crea has
recently contracted Adas to carry out a pilot scheme on 20 farms in the county
looking at these issues.

Crea chief executive Bob Clark said: "Cumbria Farm Link is a real success story,
helping very many farmers. We are sorry to see Nancy leave and wish her every
success in her new role."

Harry Martin has worked closely with Nancy since the programme began. When he
left Newton Rigg after 31 years at the college, he was head of the agricultural
department.

Nancy took on her new challenge on Monday  as a project manager for the
North-West Development Agency's Rural Development Programme for England, based
at Gillan Way, Penrith.

LOAD-DATE: November 17, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2007 Newcastle Chronicle & Journal Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              751 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                              Port Macquarie News

                            February 13, 2017 Monday
                                Internet Edition

ETC announces $120,000 funding for local communities

LENGTH: 317 words


People interested in making a positive difference to their community are being
encouraged to apply for funding from not-for-profit company Enterprise and
Training Company Limited (ETC).

Chairman Rod McKelvey said ETC was making available $120,000 in community grants
as part of the ETC community support fund.

"The fund is designed to help organisations reduce disadvantage, generate
opportunity, increase support services and/or build capacity in the communities
in which we operate," Mr McKelvey said.

Mr McKelvey said organisations could apply for up to $10,000 each and
applications would be assessed based on how well they align with ETC's focus on
employment and training, and meet one or more of the funding objectives:

Port Macquarie Operations Manager Rod Croker said the ETC Community Support Fund
had supported many worthwhile initiatives benefiting a broad range of people.

"It's incredible the projects we've been able to support over the past five
years," Mr Croker said.

"Some of our local beneficiaries have included Hastings District Respite,
Northside Progress Association, Port Macquarie Hastings U3A, Port Macquarie
Lions Club, Port Macquarie Youth Hub, Reap Port Macquarie Hastings Inc,
Sailability, Port Macquarie Neighbourhood Centre and the Hastings Early
Intervention Program."

A donation from the ETC Community Support Fund provided the Port Macquarie
Neighbourhood Centre with funding to purchase a new fridge, freezer, BBQ and
storage items.

PMNC coordinator Julie Trowbridge said this enabled the Centre to expand the
distribution of rescued food for their 'Food Connect' program.

"We estimate that Food Connect could now assist up to 250 people per week with
our increased opportunities to rescue new items," Ms Trowbridge said.

For further information and/or to apply to the ETC Community Support Fund visit
www.etcltd.com.au/csf

Applications are open from 13 February - 10 March 2017.

LOAD-DATE: February 13, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


             Copyright 2017 Fairfax Media Publications Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              752 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                     The Pine Journal (Cloquet, Minnesota)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            October 24, 2014 Friday

EDITORIAL: Thumbs up, thumbs down

BYLINE: The Pine Journal, Cloquet, Minn.

SECTION: COMMENTARY

LENGTH: 428 words


Oct. 24--Thumbs up to Enbridge's challenge grant and community efforts to Save
Our Shelter. With Friends of Animals Humane Society close to running out funds,
people are working hard to get the shelter back on secure financial footing. In
the future, we hope the shelter can figure out a budget that won't require FOA
to spend more than it takes in on a monthly basis ... which certainly isn't a
great way to run a business or a non-profit organization. By the way, FOA has 50
more tickets yet to sell to its Beastie Bash coming up on Nov. 5 if you're still
interested in attending.

Thumbs up to Operation Community Connect and all the individuals, organizations
and agencies that work together to make it happen. Lots of folks went away from
the event with winter clothing and boots, grocery money, health services and
more. One of the best things about OCC is the help people in need can get to
connect with services they may not know exist.

Unfortunately, work on underground utilities on Armory Road couldn't have
happened at a worse time. The road was completely blocked off so the only access
by vehicle to the Armory was through the entrance/exit by Brenny Dahl. Otherwise
folks had to park in the Pinetree Plaza parking lot and walk over. Hopefully
that's what they did, because it certainly would have been worth the walk.

Thumbs down to nasty political ads that just aim to push people's buttons. Yes,
there are certain issues that might get a person riled up, but please don't base
your choice of candidate on an attack ad (or 100). Read about your candidate in
our Voters' Guide, on reputable websites or other organizations that at least
make an effort to verify information about candidates and present it in an
unbiased manner. We'd like to think in the information age, most Americans know
how to access information and make up their own minds without being told how to
vote by anyone else.

Finally, thumbs up to everyone running for office. We appreciate your
willingness to serve and your bravery in putting yourself out there. If you win,
we hope you govern with wisdom and awareness of all your constituents. We'd also
like to thank all the (mostly Cloquet) candidates who turned out for the
candidate forums in Cloquet on Oct. 9 and the record-setting crowd of about 30
people who attended the event. If you missed it, check out the reruns on CAT-7,
which is Channel 7 for cable TV subscribers.

Jana Peterson

___ (c)2014 The Pine Journal (Cloquet, Minn.) Visit The Pine Journal (Cloquet,
Minn.) at www.pinejournal.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: October 31, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20141024-CQ-EDITORIAL-Thumbs-up-thumbs-down-1024-20141024

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: CQ


                        Copyright 2014 The Pine Journal


                              753 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                     News-Journal (Daytona Beach, Florida)

                            January 17, 2010 Sunday
                            Neighbors South Edition

Officials discuss sewer system expansion

BYLINE: KELLY CUCULIANSKY, KELLY CUCULIANSKY - STAFF WRITER

SECTION: NEIGHBORS; Pg. 1S

LENGTH: 577  words

DATELINE: PONCE INLET


PONCE INLET-- With more than 400 Ponce Inlet homes and businesses still on
septic systems, city officials are exploring the possibility of installing sewer
lines to service most of the community.

It will have to be a joint effort with the city of Port Orange, which built and
has owned the sewer utility that services the barrier island since the 1980s.

In response to Ponce Inlet's desire to extend sewer lines, a plan that explores
the feasibility of adding service was recently developed by a consultant and
identified about 452 existing and developable parcels that could be
cost-effectively served through a dozen sewer projects. It did not, however,
provide a time frame for installation or identify funding.

Leaders from both cities met Tuesday night to talk about the plan and options to
offset costs and create payment plans for those who want to eventually connect
to the system. Although they are still in preliminary talks, the cost to add
service to a property is between $10,840 and $11,700, which doesn't include all
the fees -- a major concern for many residents.

Most homes would be tied into gravity or low-pressure systems. The recently
completed Rains Drive project was a gravity system project.

Councilman Bob Pohlmann, Port Orange, said he understands the expense can be a
major problem for some people, but wanted to remind people that the market is
"very competitive" now and costs will only increase as time progresses.

It will never get any less expensive than it is probably right now," he said.

In terms of customer base for water and sewer, City Manager Ken Parker said the
Port Orange Public Utility System is the second largest in Volusia County and in
the past has helped design many approaches to help property owners connect to
its system.

Only the city of Daytona Beach has more utility customers than the city of Port
Orange system," Parker said. "It is a very large system that covers a large area
-- probably close to 70,000 people."

In the past, the city has developed a variety of approaches and payment plans to
help residents connect to a new system, he said.

Some of the options may include the town of Ponce Inlet subsidizing the
extension of sewer mains or having the town form a special assessment district
to spread the extension cost over a certain number of years.

Port Orange could establish a "super impact fee" that would require residents at
the time of connection to pay an impact fee, connection charge and extension
cost all at once or in increments with interest. The utility trustees, which are
City Council members, could decide that users would only have to pay impact
fees, connection costs and septic tank abandonment expenses.

It's also possible that as a small community of about 3,300 people, Ponce Inlet
might quality for grants that Port Orange wouldn't.

Ponce Inlet Councilwoman Barbara Davis said abandoning septic tanks is an
environmentally necessary step.

Septic tanks are environmentally toxic and during the hurricane all the effluent
raised to the surface and all that was in the streets, yet we're in an economy
where citizens cannot afford to hook up to sewer..." she said. "The way I see to
resolve this is grants."

The town could be eligible for grants designed for small communities, said Brad
Blais, from consulting firm Quentin L. Hampton Associates, which prepared the
sewer plan for Ponce Inlet. He recommended the town look to the Department for
Environmental Protection for grant opportunities.

LOAD-DATE: February 13, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: DBNJ

                Copyright 2010 ProQuest Information and Learning
                              All Rights Reserved
                               ProQuest SuperText
                    Copyright 2010 News-Journal Corporation


                              754 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                           Hobart Mercury (Australia)

                            August 30, 2003 Saturday

Connect lifts to a record $3.2m

SECTION: FINANCE; Pg. 34

LENGTH: 208 words


TASMANIA'S Connect Credit Union yesterday lifted profit 23 per cent to a record
$3.2 million in the year to June 30.

Chief executive John Hensby said Connect had achieved significant growth in
lending, savings investment and funds under advice.

He said the results continued to demonstrate members' confidence in Connect.

At June 30, total assets under management were $528 million, up 7.6 per cent on
2002.

Funds under advice increased by 16 per cent to $144 million.

Reserves were up by 7.6 per cent to $34.8 million and Connect's capital adequacy
also increased to 12.83 per cent.

Mr Hensby said Connect was also growing its share of the Tasmanian home loan
market, with home lending showing the biggest rise of 18 per cent to $207
million for the year.

"The successful establishment of our ConQuest securitisation vehicle has
increased our flexibility to provide Tasmanians with a number of loan options
and services," Mr Hensby said.

During the year the Connect Community Foundation made grants totalling $73,000
to community organisations to help young Tasmanians in the areas of health,
education, homelessness and employment.

Connect has 59,000 members, 194 staff and seven advice centres.

LOAD-DATE: August 30, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

JOURNAL-CODE: MER

                   Copyright 2003 Nationwide News Pty Limited


                              755 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                         Brattleboro Reformer (Vermont)

                              July 6, 2015 Monday

Brattleboro Memorial Hospital receives breast cancer grant

BYLINE: Brattleboro Reformer

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 431 words


Brattleboro >> Brattleboro Memorial Hospital President and CEO, Steven R. Gordon
announced July 6 that the hospital has been awarded a $27,600 grant from the
National Breast Cancer Foundation to underwrite the services of BMH's Breast
Care Nurse Navigator.

"We're very appreciative of NBCF's support of this important program," said
Gordon. "Our Nurse Navigator offers critical support and advocacy to our
patients facing breast cancer by helping them access services and linking them
with the resources they need."

BMH's Breast Care Nurse Navigator supports patients and their families through
diagnostic testing, screening, treatment and post-screening or treatment
follow-up. The Navigator also connects patients with resources such as financial
and transportation assistance, wigs, and prosthetics and refers patients to
other medical/surgical, psychosocial, integrative medicine spiritual and
survivorship services.

BMH's Breast Care Nurse Navigator, Dr. Kelly McCue, DNP, RN, said that in
addition to providing direct support services for breast cancer patients, funds
from the grant will be used to conduct community outreach and education
regarding breast health and available local resources.

"These funds help us connect our patients with the resources they need when
facing a breast cancer diagnosis. It can be an overwhelming time for patients
and their families, so a Nurse Navigator can help them coordinate services and
get the information they need to make informed decisions about their care."

This grant is the fifth such award BMH has received from the NBCF, whose mission
is "to provide help and inspire hope to those affected by breast cancer through
early detection, education, and support services."

"BMH's Breast Care Nurse Navigator's services are very much in alignment with
the foundation's mission," said Gordon. "Comprehensive breast care involves so
much more than treatment alone. NCBF is a leader in advocating for the full
spectrum of services for breast cancer patients and their families   everything
from community outreach to breast prostheses. It's a privilege to partner with
them in this important work."

Brattleboro Memorial Hospital has provided health care services for over a
hundred years. A licensed, 61-bed, not-for-profit community hospital located in
southeastern Vermont, it serves a rural population of about 55,000 people in 22
towns in Vermont, New Hampshire and Massachusetts. The medical staff includes
137 board-certified physicians, both primary care and many specialists, and its
572 employees enjoy the help of over 110 active volunteers.

LOAD-DATE: July 6, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


   Copyright 2015 MediaNews Group, Inc. and New England Newspaper Group Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              756 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                        The Telegraph (Alton, Illinios)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                          September 29, 2016 Thursday

Godfrey seeks public input on biking, pedestrian paths

BYLINE: Kelsey Landis, The Telegraph, Alton, Ill.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 576 words


Sept. 29--GODFREY -- Residents have until Friday to give their two cents about
how the village should develop its bike and pedestrians paths.

The village held an open house Wednesday evening to give residents a chance to
express their opinions, but those who missed the event can fill out an online
survey, which will be available through Sept. 30.

Village officials want residents to share their ideas about how to make Godfrey
a more connected place through dedicated bike paths and walkways.

"In this process I think you need to have a public forum for people to give
their opinion," Mayor Mike McCormick said.

The initial idea is to develop bike and pedestrian-friendly paths between
Glazebrook and La Vista at Gladys Levis Allen parks, and also to increase
connectivity between residential areas, Lewis and Clark Community College,
businesses, schools and Beverly Farm, a home for developmentally disabled
individuals.

HeartLands Conservancy, a Mascoutah-based non-profit land-protection agency,
will includes resident opinions in a working plan the village will use to
develop the final project, said Kimberly Caughran, director of parks and
recreation.

"Their job is to identify the needs and then they will help us identify
different sources as far as grant funding and different opportunities," Caughran
said. "The consultants will put together a list of ideas and then we will be
meeting with an advisory committee to rank things in importance."

The village is accepting nominees for advisory committee members.

Village trustees approved a $23,500 contract with the agency for the study and a
$15,000 sustainability grant from Madison County helped pay for the contract.
The cost will be well worth the benefit, says William Catalano, economic
development director.

"There's no doubt that having a well-thought-out plan to reach an end-goal means
you can better illustrate to organizations that provide grant-type funding that
you know where you're going and how strong the need is," Catalano said.

A developed bike and pedestrian network will add to the assets the village
already has, he added, including the college, businesses and residential
neighborhoods.

"To connect them better means that everyone in our community can enjoy a little
higher quality of life and keep our community moving forward in the 21st
century," Catalano said. "It doesn't matter if you're already of retirement age
or a young professional looking at buying your first house, there are benefits
to being connected."

Some of those benefits include allowing residents to travel safely by foot or
bike to commercial areas, and increasing connectivity between neighboring
communities. An existing path, for example, already connects the upper part of
Gladys Levis Allen Park to a mile-long trail at the foot of the bluffs. From
there, cyclists can access the Madison County Transit Confluence Trail.

As far as the ultimate cost of developing the network, Catalano said the village
will focus on finding grants to help pay for the upgrades.

"We'll only take on projects for expansion or improvement when they're made
necessary or when an opportunity comes to be able to do them at little cost," he
said.

The online survey can be found at www.surveymonkey.com/r/godfreywalkbike.

Reach Kelsey Landis at 618-208-6460 x 1396 or on Twitter @kelseylandis.

___ (c)2016 The Telegraph (Alton, Ill.) Visit The Telegraph (Alton, Ill.) at
www.thetelegraph.com Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: September 29, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20160929-AI-Godfrey-seeks-public-input-on-biking-pedestrian-paths-0929-20160929

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: AI


                          Copyright 2016 The Telegraph


                              757 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                         Star Tribune (Minneapolis, MN)

                            November 8, 2016 Tuesday
                                 METRO EDITION

$640,000 goes to better St. Paul

BYLINE: JAMES WALSH; STAFF WRITER, STAR TRIBUNE (Mpls.-St. Paul)

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 3B

LENGTH: 520 words



HIGHLIGHT: The Knight Foundation funds nine projects that promote growth and
civic engagement.


Projects to encourage economic growth in St. Paul neighborhoods, beautify a
vacant lot in the downtown core and even explore bridging a freeway to heal a
bisected community were awarded funding by the Knight Foundation in St. Paul on
Monday.

The nine projects received more than $640,000 to help create a vibrant,
inclusive St. Paul and reflect "a growing recognition that a thriving city is
defined and led by its community," foundation officials said.

The idea is to give creative and talented people an incentive to stay in the
city and encourage residents to participate in civic life, said Jai Winston, the
new Knight Foundation program director in St. Paul.

"The creative energy and appetite for positive change in St. Paul is palpable,"
Winston said. "These projects aim to tap into this momentum, engaging the
community in innovative projects that aim to connect diverse residents and seek
their input into programs that will make the city an even better place to live
and work."

The projects were announced Monday afternoon during a ceremony to introduce and
welcome Winston at the James J. Hill Center near Rice Park. They include:

· Transit for Livable Communities' Friendly Streets Initiative, with Rondo
Avenue Inc., received $99,500 to launch "ReConnectRondo," which will work to
create a bridge over Interstate 94 to reconnect the neighborhood.

Fifty years ago, construction of the freeway through the center of the
tight-knit black community led to homes being torn down and a loss of
neighborhood vitality.

The idea is to cover part of the interstate with a land bridge that could hold
shops, homes and parkland.

· St. Paul Chamber of Commerce Foundation received $75,000 to begin the process
of transforming a vacant lot and skyway adjacent to the Central Station on the
Green Line into a temporary plaza. Project partners include the Building Owners
and Managers Association, St. Paul, Metro Transit and the Musicant Group. The
goal is to design the space to help to connect people from diverse backgrounds
and enhance the city's vibrancy.

· A $60,000 grant to the James J. Hill Center will help create a new director of
programming position to curate activities that engage entrepreneurs and civic
groups.

· Can Can Wonderland, featuring an artist-designed 18-hole mini-golf course and
programs to connect diverse residents, received $75,000 to increase vibrancy in
St. Paul's Creative Enterprise Zone.

Other projects receiving funds are intended to keep innovators and entrepreneurs
in St. Paul's Creative Enterprise Zone, as well as attract new ones, and connect
new residents to local events and programming through an interactive online
forum. Another is working to promote the development of a new park in the
Hamline Midway neighborhood.

The $642,500 from Knight is part of more than $64 million given to St. Paul
community initiatives since 1977.

The James S. and James L. Knight Foundation is a national foundation that
invests in journalism, the arts and in the success of cities where the Knight
brothers once published newspapers.

For more information, go to knightfoundation.org.

James Walsh · 651-925-5041

LOAD-DATE: November 17, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2016 Star Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved


                              758 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                           Hobart Mercury (Australia)

                             April 12, 2005 Tuesday

QUICK NEWS

SECTION: LOCAL; Pg. 14

LENGTH: 172 words


250 groups seek funding

THE Tasmanian Community Fund has received more than 250 applications for funding
in its latest general grant round.

Fund chairman Gerald Loughran said 72 expressions of interest had been made in
the fund's targeted initiative program for projects to help preserve and promote
Tasmania's cultural heritage.

Grants would be announced in August.

Employment seminars

INDIGENOUS Tasmanians wanting to learn more about employment and training
opportunities offered by the Federal Government's Community Development
Employment Projects Program can attend seminars next month.

The three-hour sessions will be held in Hobart, Launceston and on Flinders
Island.

For details visit www.workplace.gov.au/cdep

Foundation's new chairman

JOHN Upcher has been appointed Connect Community Foundation chairman.

Mr Upcher has been a director of the foundation since it started in August 2000
and is a senior partner at legal firm Dobson Mitchell and Allport.

Jenny Stagg retired as chairwoman in November.

LOAD-DATE: April 12, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

JOURNAL-CODE: MER

                   Copyright 2005 Nationwide News Pty Limited


                              759 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                         Daily Dispatch (South Africa)

                             August 21, 2015 Friday

Miracle tree initiative to bear fruit

BYLINE: David Macgregor

SECTION: ECONOMY, BUSINESS & FINANCE

LENGTH: 375 words


By
  Senior Reporter
 AN AMBITIOUS plan to grow a highly nutritious "miracle tree" in the Eastern
Cape to help feed poor school pupils, has won a major award that could turn the
dream into a reality.


 Grahamstown eco-entrepreneurs Dan Long and Rob Davies, who are adapting the
moringa tree to local conditions, last night won a prestigious LifeCo UnLtd
Enterprizer grant in Port Elizabeth, and will receive R85000 in cash and ongoing
business expertise to kick-start the project.
 An excited Long yesterday said they were ecstatic that research they had done
piloting growing more than 100 seedlings at two Wild Coast schools, and on a
farm near Grahamstown to solve rural nutrition was finally bearing fruit.
 "Getting the grant and expertise is very special, we have been working so hard,
for so long on our own to get moringa trees growing here so we can help poor
communities with nutrition."
 Long and Davies were nominated for the grant soon after the work they were
doing featured in the Daily Dispatch.
 Two other Port Elizabeth-based initiatives, New Brighton's Tsidi Limba's Fix my
Bizz TV show - which connects and showcases entrepreneurs - and Mary Phillips's
Gelvandale Waste Takers were also given grants.
 Long said the grant money would be used to develop infrastructure, buy
equipment and provide jobs in rural Ngcibe on the Wild Coast, to plant 5000
moringa trees there.
 Six permanent jobs would be created, with seasonal work being created for a
further 20.
 It is hoped the project will eventually also be rolled out in rural areas
across the province.
 LifeCo UnLtd's Eastern Cape manager of entrepreneur advancement, Tippin Crisp
yesterday said the three initiatives being awarded funding and expertise to
expand were part of a three-year R10-million investment in the province, in
partnership with the Industrial Development Corporation and Standard Bank.
 The partnership was formed earlier this year and plans to roll out a total of
R32-million support in KwaZulu-Natal, Free State and the Eastern Cape to 35
impact enterprises.
 She said they hoped to help kick-start and connect 17 businesses a year in the
Eastern Cape that would make a positive social and environmental impact, as well
as turn over a profit. - davidm@dispatch.co.za

LOAD-DATE: August 24, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: Daily Dispatch


                    Copyright 2015 BDFM Publishers PTY Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              760 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                     The Mecklenburg Times (Charlotte, NC)

                           September 26, 2011 Monday

Carolina Thread Trail in North Carolina expanding

BYLINE: Mecklenburg Times Staff Reports

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 80  words


Lincoln County will receive a $46,000 grant for a planned network of foot trails
that would connect to the Carolina Thread Trail across seven North Carolina
counties.

The county will oversee the creation of a 1.7-mile stretch of trail, the
Optimist Club Road Greenway Segment, which would connect East Lincoln Community
Center to Sally's YMCA.

The grant is part of a $689,240 grant awarded to various Thread Trail projects
in 13 different communities across North and South Carolina.

LOAD-DATE: October 6, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: General news

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2011 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved


                              761 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               Illawarra Mercury

                           December 1, 2016 Thursday
                           Internet & Print Editions

IMB calls for interest in grants

BYLINE: Greg Ellis

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 326 words


Applications are open for community organisations interested in funding from the
IMB Bank Community Foundation in 2017.

Chief executive Robert Ryan said IMB Bank had pledged $500,000 to support local
projects in the areas in which it operates and is keen to hear now from the
potential funding recipients. Over the last 16 years the foundation has donated
more than $8.1m to 550 projects including 207 in the Illawarra region. The goal
is for funding projects to have long-term social benefits in local communities.

Applications close on February 24 2017.

Further information at http://www.imb.com.au/community-community
-foundation-how-to-apply-applying-for-funding.html to download the form.

Mr Ryan said in 2016 one of the recipients was Green Connect which wanted to
expand its services in the Illawarra.

With financial assistance from the foundation it was able to employ six refugees
and young people and received help from 200 volunteers in cultivating 4000
square metres of land at Warrawong High School.

The result was a new food production area that allowed produce to be grown on an
urban farm and be sold to families in the Illawarra region.

Funds raised from the sale of produce then goes back into the project.

Mr Ryan said the Green Connect project was an excellent example of an initiative
support by the IMB Bank Community Foundation that delivers significant long-term
social gains.

"We are looking for projects to fund that have flow-on benefits to the local
community which are sustainable into the future," he said.

"Another good example is the Men's Shed movement and the Foundation has funded a
number of different Men's Shed initiatives. We know the community benefit of
Men's Sheds is widespread and of immense value with positive outcomes for the
mental health of retired men. I would urge all new or existing community groups
and social cause organisations that want to establish new programs to apply to
the IMB Bank Community Foundation".

LOAD-DATE: November 30, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


              Copyright 2016 Illawarra Newspapers Holding Pty Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                              762 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               Illawarra Mercury

                           December 1, 2016 Thursday
                           Internet & Print Editions

IMB calls for interest in grants

BYLINE: Greg Ellis

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 326 words


Applications are open for community organisations interested in funding from the
IMB Bank Community Foundation in 2017.

Chief executive Robert Ryan said IMB Bank had pledged $500,000 to support local
projects in the areas in which it operates and is keen to hear now from the
potential funding recipients. Over the last 16 years the foundation has donated
more than $8.1m to 550 projects including 207 in the Illawarra region. The goal
is for funding projects to have long-term social benefits in local communities.

Applications close on February 24 2017.

Further information at http://www.imb.com.au/community-community
-foundation-how-to-apply-applying-for-funding.html to download the form.

Mr Ryan said in 2016 one of the recipients was Green Connect which wanted to
expand its services in the Illawarra.

With financial assistance from the foundation it was able to employ six refugees
and young people and received help from 200 volunteers in cultivating 4000
square metres of land at Warrawong High School.

The result was a new food production area that allowed produce to be grown on an
urban farm and be sold to families in the Illawarra region.

Funds raised from the sale of produce then goes back into the project.

Mr Ryan said the Green Connect project was an excellent example of an initiative
support by the IMB Bank Community Foundation that delivers significant long-term
social gains.

"We are looking for projects to fund that have flow-on benefits to the local
community which are sustainable into the future," he said.

"Another good example is the Men's Shed movement and the Foundation has funded a
number of different Men's Shed initiatives. We know the community benefit of
Men's Sheds is widespread and of immense value with positive outcomes for the
mental health of retired men. I would urge all new or existing community groups
and social cause organisations that want to establish new programs to apply to
the IMB Bank Community Foundation".

LOAD-DATE: November 30, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


              Copyright 2016 Illawarra Newspapers Holding Pty Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                              763 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       Eureka Times Standard (California)

                            February 22, 2013 Friday

County seeks public input on McKay Tract community forest; Public Works shaping
plan; land purchase could happen this year

BYLINE: Grant Scott-Goforth/The Times-Standard

SECTION: NEWS; Local

LENGTH: 865 words


Humboldt County is calling for public input on a plan to acquire 1,400 acres of
the McKay Tract near Cutten for a community forest.

Green Diamond Resource Company -- which owns the McKay Tract -- has been working
with the nonprofit Trust for Public Land to arrange purchase of the land. TPL
intends to grant the land to the county upon its purchase.

"It's a journey of a thousand steps," County Deputy Director of Environmental
Services Hank Seemann said. "We're somewhere in the middle."

The county is now seeking public input to design a management plan for the
potential forest.

"I think the challenge for the county is ongoing management and maintenance,"
Seemann said.

While the purchase of the land will be made through grants, the county would
potentially be responsible for trail maintenance, parking and other projects.

"The county has been responding to the recession by focusing on essential
services," he said. "We really need to be cautious, strategic and prudent when
taking on new responsibility."

The county is looking into a selective timber harvest plan that could sustain
the forest's management costs, though harvest wouldn't likely occur for 10 to 20
years. In the meantime, Seemann said, the county would look at financing options
to operate the forest.

Craig Compton, Green Diamond land management and business development manager,
said the McKay Tract is valuable land for the company.

"Trees don't grow anywhere else like they do in McKay," he said, adding that the
combination of fog and good soil likely aid the redwood growth.

Though it means losing timber land, Green Diamond favors the project because it
creates a buffer between urban areas and its active timber harvest, according to
Compton.

Additionally, people use the McKay tract illegally to recreate or dump garbage,
a liability for the company.

"We don't really allow people on the property," Compton said. "There seems to be
that demand."

Compton said Green Diamond began discussing solutions in 2009.

"The community forest idea started out very modestly," he said.

Now the groups are looking at the purchase of somewhere between 775 acres and
1,415 acres, depending on how much funding TPL can secure. The unpurchased
portion of that 1,415 acres would be turned into an easement that prevents
development.

Both Seemann and Compton praised the work of TPL, which secured two $1 million
grants in the last several months from the California River Parkways Program and
the National Coastal Wetlands Conservation Grant Program.

"They understand state and federal funding sources," Seemann said. "They really
take on these large, challenging partnerships."

TPL is seeking another $4.5 million grant available this year from the state
Water Conservation Board, which would bring the funds to TPL's minimum goal of
$6.5 million.

"That's really kind of the anchor funding source," Seemann said.

Third District Supervisor Mark Lovelace, who helped expand the Sunny Brae Forest
in Arcata, said a community forest reduces conflicts betweeb communities and
timber management.

"It's a great solution to what can be a thorny issue," he said. "We certainly
have supported staff pursuing it. Community forests are a great way to provide
multiple benefits through the community."

Supervisors last year approved a $17,000 grant from TPL to start formulating a
plan to manage parts of the McKay Tract as a community forest.

He said he expects there will be concern about public access to the forest.

"The reality is there's a lot of unauthorized use that goes on this land and
others," he said. "This will focus that onto well-maintained trails."

Lovelace said the county's general plan, which is currently being reviewed by
the Board of Supervisors, will touch on McKay Tract development issues.

"The piece of property that's the subject of this includes some portions that
had been targeted for potential future development as part of the housing
element," Lovelace said. "Which doesn't mean there's a project waiting in the
wings."

Green Diamond will continue to own a small portion of the McKay Tract on the
developed side of the property for potential future development.

"That's something we have to look at when we have growth issues," Lovelace said.
"We had to balance out those two competing interests."

Seemann said there was a lot of consistency with the plan and the resource land
element of the general plan.

Because the McKay Tract contains most of the watershed of Ryan Creek-- a
productive salmon stream -- it's appealing to conservation groups who may
provide funding, Seemann said.

Trail advocates may also like the potential to connect to other county paths,
according to Seemann.

"Big picture -- they would like to connect the coastal trail to the Headwaters
Forest," he said.

Seemann said TPL is optimistic they could be buying property as soon as this
year.

"We want to be ready when TPL says the funding's here," he said. "It's our
natural and our cultural heritage."

On the Web:

Maps of the proposed McKay Tract community forest as well as a project update
and answers to frequently asked questions can be viewed online
atwww.times-standard.com .

Grant Scott-Goforth can be reached at 441-0514
orgscott-goforth@times-standard.com .

LOAD-DATE: February 23, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2013 Times - Standard
                              All Rights Reserved


                              764 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       Charleston Gazette (West Virginia)

                          January 30, 2008, Wednesday

Morris Creek Watershed Association obtains grant

SECTION: METRO EAST; Pg. P2

LENGTH: 262 words


Morris Creek Watershed Association Inc. has received an AEP Connects grant from
American Electric Power.

The AEP Connects program recognizes the commitment of AEP employees and retirees
to their communities and supports causes that are important to them, according
to Michael G. Morris, chairman, president and chief executive officer

"Although no monetary grant can compare to the value of the time our employees
and retirees give to worthwhile causes, the $150 grants made by this program in
the names of AEP volunteers will help schools and nonprofit organizations meet
the challenges of fulfilling important human needs," Morris said.

More than 780 grants, representing 130,000 volunteer hours donated by AEP
employees and retirees and their families, were made last year across AEP's
11-state service territory.

Morris Creek Watershed Association officials stated they are extremely honored
to have corporate partners such as AEP and others that continually help support
local grassroots endeavors such as theirs.

"This support helps make our little corner of the world a healthier and more
desirable for everyone, not only us, but for generations to come," according to
a statement released by the watershed association last week.

Regularly scheduled board of directors meetings are held on the second Monday of
each month at 6:30 p.m. at the Watershed Association office, located
approximately one mile upstream on Morris Drive in Montgomery.

For further information or to contact the watershed association, the
organization's Web site address is www.morriscreekwatershed.org/

LOAD-DATE: February 1, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2008 Charleston Newspapers


                              765 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                 The Daily News (Jacksonville, North Carolina)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                           January 29, 2015 Thursday

Group forming to push Western Carteret trail plans

BYLINE: Jannette Pippin, The Daily News, Jacksonville, N.C.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 474 words


Jan. 29--CAPE CARTERET -- It can happen.

That was the message for community members in western Carteret County who are
kicking off an effort to build a pedestrian-bicycle trail in the Cape Carteret
area.

During an organizational meeting held Tuesday night, Emerald Isle Town Manager
Frank Rush outlined a 10-year effort there that has resulted in an 11-mile
multi-use path that follows the length of the town along N.C. 58 and also
extends down Coast Guard Road.

It took time, but Rush said their goal was reached in incremental steps that
began in 2005 with the first 1.4-mile project.

"It took the dedication of a lot of people over that 10 years, but it happened.
It's a long-term process," Rush said.

All combined, the projects over the 10 years added to $3.2 million.

The funding came from a combination of sources, including $2.2 million in town
appropriations; N.C. Department of Transportation grants totaling $894,000; and
$104,000 in fundraising by the Bicycle and Pedestrian Advisory Committee.

Rush said the advisory committee has been active and very supportive of the path
effort over the years, and having that support is an asset in pursuing such a
project.

The Cape Carteret group plans to go to the Cape Carteret Board of Commissioners
to request the creation of a committee.

The idea is to start with a 3.2-mile core trail that would follow a route along
N.C. 58 to Taylor Notion Road, all the way down Taylor Notion to Road to N.C. 24
and up N.C. 24 to connect back with N.C. 58.

The project will be modeled after the Emerald Isle path project.

Anne Scott of the Gateway Western Carteret Community Alliance, a group
established last year to promote community activities and projects in the
western Carteret County area, said the trail is a way to connect areas of the
town and provide new recreational and other activities.

"It opens up opportunities," she said.

Once the core trail is in place it could be expanded to connect to other areas
such as Cedar Point and the Croatan National Forest. They could also add
amenities such as benches and flowers and establish parks along the route.

"It's a big task but not impossible," said Town Attorney Mike Curtis, who has
helped to organize the effort.

One of the big challenges may be funding, particularly with fewer state and
federal grant opportunities.

Cape Carteret Commissioner Doreen Saunders said town funding for parks and
recreation is limited but encouraged those involved in the project to show their
commitment to the project and to let town leaders know what the citizens want.

"Let the board know what you want; your voice has to be heard," she said.

Anyone interested in learning more about the project can email info@thegwcca.com

___ (c)2015 The Daily News (Jacksonville, N.C.) Visit The Daily News
(Jacksonville, N.C.) at www.jdnews.com Distributed by Tribune Content Agency,
LLC

LOAD-DATE: January 30, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20150129-JN-Group-forming-to-push-Western-Carteret-trail-plans-0129-20150129

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: JN


                         Copyright 2015 The Daily News


                              766 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             March 10, 2014 Monday

Washington: U.S. Transportation Secretary Foxx Recommends $2.5 Billion to Expand
Transit Options that Improve Access to Jobs and Opportunities

LENGTH: 610  words

DATELINE: Washington


US Department of Housing and Development, The Government of USA has issued the
following news release:

U.S. Transportation Secretary Anthony Foxx today highlighted $2.5 billion
recommended in President Obama's Fiscal Year 2015 budget to advance the
construction or completion of 26 rail, bus rapid transit (BRT), and streetcar
projects in 16 states. These projects, competitively funded through the Federal
Transit Administration's (FTA) Capital Investment Grant Program (CIG), will
create or sustain thousands of good construction-related jobs and help
communities expand transportation choices that offer new ladders of opportunity
for hard-working families.

"President Obama has laid out a bold vision for investing in 21st century
transportation infrastructure that removes barriers to success for millions of
Americans while strengthening our nation's economy today and in the future,"
said Secretary Foxx. "We are committed to ensuring that every American has
access to the ladders of opportunity that lead to success - and access to public
transportation is essential to making that happen."

The President's budget includes funding recommendations for eight brand new
projects that will connect thousands of residents in cities and communities
across the country with jobs and other opportunities. These include:

The Dyer Avenue BRT in El Paso, Texas, which serves thousands of U.S. service
men and women stationed at the U.S. Army Base at Ft. Bliss, connects these and
other riders with downtown El Paso, and helps to shorten travel times by
eliminating transfers for many riders who live and work in the area's low-income
neighborhoods.
 The East-West Connector BRT in Nashville, Tenn., known as the Amp, which will
re-connect the city's east and west sides, helping residents of Five Points and
other neighborhoods to more easily reach jobs, education, and medical care.
 The Green Line Extension outside Boston, MA, which will bring rail service to
thousands of commuters in Medford and Somerville, who currently lack direct
access to rail transit.

"Transit ridership across the United States is at its highest level in five
decades, thanks in part to FTA's successful partnerships with communities
committed to expanding local transportation choices that help to revitalize
neighborhoods, reduce congestion, and connect residents with jobs, education,
health care, and other vital services," said Deputy Federal Transit
Administrator Therese McMillan. "We must continue investing, together, in our
nation's public transportation infrastructure, so future generations have the
mobility they will need to succeed."

The recommendations also would complete the federal funding commitment for 10
transit projects funded in prior years. Among them is the Oakland, Calif., East
Bay BRT project, which is expected to provide faster, more efficient bus service
in one of the densest and most transit-dependent corridors in the San Francisco
Bay area; and the Minneapolis-St. Paul, Minn., Central Corridor light rail
project, which has created thousands of construction jobs and is expected to
improve access to major employment centers by linking the downtown areas of the
Twin Cities.

During the Obama Administration, and as part of the Moving Ahead for Progress in
the 21st Century Act (MAP-21), FTA has successfully put in place several new
measures to streamline the CIG Program - one of the largest discretionary grant
programs in the Federal government - a so that projects move more efficiently
through the pipeline, bringing the benefits of expanded transit choices to
communities sooner than in the past.

For more information please visit: http://www.dot.gov

LOAD-DATE: March 11, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              767 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                         Telegraph Herald (Dubuque, IA)

                            June 22, 2016 Wednesday

Wisconsin cities eye trails of development

BYLINE: BENNET GOLDSTEIN bennet.goldstein@thmedia.com

SECTION: A; Pg. 5

LENGTH: 686 words


Providing residents with attractive outdoor recreation is on the minds of many
southwest Wisconsin community leaders.

Some leaders see investing in quality-of- life features such as city trails as a
way to increase the appeal of rural communities, some of which face declining
populations. For others, it is a way to draw communities together to bring a
large project to fruition. In other areas, trail construction aims to increase
pedestrian safety.

Several southwestern Wisconsin cities are in the process of expanding their
recreational trail networks.

In Lancaster, the city is adding to its new Memorial Trail, said Director of
Public Works John Hauth. It will stretch north from the city golf course to City
Limits Road. It would add to the city's existing paths, including the Lancaster
Trail and Schreiner Park trail system.

Last fall, city crews constructed the first 800-plus feet of trail at a cost of
$4,000 to $5,000, Hauth said.

To fund the next section, the city applied for a $25,000 grant. If received,
another 900 feet can be added and exercise stations constructed, Hauth said.

David Kurihara, Lancaster's treasurer and clerk, said he thinks communities
express interest in trails because society is becoming more activity-based and
health-conscious.

"People are into running and biking more," he said. "It's a nice amenity for the
city. It's a good quality-of-life enhancement."

In Platteville, community members are putting the finishing touches on an
approximately $1.7 million project that began in 2014.

The 3-mile David Canny Rountree Branch Trail extends from existing trails on the
University of Wisconsin-Platteville campus to the business development on the
east side of town. It is almost entirely paved and has trailside lighting, park
benches and gardens.

The project was spearheaded by local nonprofits Platteville Community Arboretum,
Platteville Community Foundation and Building Platteville, along with the City
of Platteville, said Gene Weber, board member for the arboretum.

He said the groups' joint mission was to facilitate cooperation.

"We wanted to demonstrate to our community that we can do huge projects, but
only if you come together," he said.

Platteville Director of Public Works Howard Crofoot said the trail system
increases residents' access to the Rountree Branch Stream, which meanders next
to the path.

"It's a nice amenity for the city & for all sorts of recreational purposes," he
said. "Walking, biking, fishing (and) hiking."

Volunteers added native plant species alongside the path and will post signs to
educate passersby about the environment, said master gardener Bev Loy.

Not only is a recreational trail good for physical health, but it also can serve
as an economic development tool, said Platteville Regional Chamber Director
Kathy Kopp.

She sees visitors stop at the city's welcome center with bikes strapped to the
tops of their cars, looking for trails.

"Those people are staying overnight in hotels, eating in restaurants. They're
shopping," Kopp said.

That residents spent so much time, energy and dollars making the project a
reality speaks "volumes" about the level of community interest in hiking and
biking trails, she said.

A trail extension funded by a state grant will connect Platteville's trail to
the Village of Belmont and Wisconsin's state trail network.

Pedestrians would be able to travel all the way to Dane County, said Weber. The
project is being sent out for bid this month, he said.

In Prairie du Chien, the city is set to construct a pedestrian trail using grant
money from the Wisconsin Department of Transportation's Safe Routes to School
program, said City Administrator Aaron Kramer.

The project, to kick off this year, will connect two existing trails, passing by
residential neighborhoods, the city's aquatic park and local public schools.

The goal is to get bikes off city streets, he said.

"We have a lot of neighborhoods that don't have normal pedestrian sidewalks,"
Kramer said.

The new trail will cost about $235,000, with grants funding about 70 percent of
the cost, he said. Ultimately, the entire network is expected to be 6 miles
long.

LOAD-DATE: June 22, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2016 Woodward Communications, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              768 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            June 19, 2013 Wednesday

Washington: Neighbor.ly to expand scope with $175K grant from Knight Foundation

LENGTH: 396  words

DATELINE: Washington


The Knight Foundation has issued the following news release:

Fresh off its inclusion in the Points of Light Civic Accelerator, Kansas
City-based crowdfunding startupNeighbor.ly has received a $175,000 grant from
the John S. and James L. Knight Foundation to scale its operations.

"With its expansion more people will be able to get involved in decision-making
in their communities, while governments and change makers can connect with
ready-made projects that resonate with the communities they serve," said Damian
Thorman, Knight Foundation director of national programs. The Foundation
supports "ideas that promote quality journalism, advance media innovation,
engage communities and foster the arts," according to the announcement.

Speaking to Silicon Prairie News today from one of Points of Light's four-day
sessions--this time in Washington, D.C.--CEO and co-founder Jase Wilson said the
funding will go toward hiring two developers and adding features that will move
the crowdfunding focus from engaging individuals to working with corporations
and foundations.

"We've spent the last year studying where money sits," Wilson said. "Trillions
of dollars in liquid cash sits in corporations. At the same time, people are
making purchasing decisions based on social decisions of companies."

Organizations that turn to Neighbor.ly for social responsibility ideas will have
access to thousands of pre-vetted projects, many designed by local governments
in collaboration with citizens, according to the announcement.

Wilson said he and co-founder and director of engagement Sean Connolly have been
blessed to be in KC, where there is a wealth of generous corporations that have
shared their knowledge and resources. It's gone a long way in charting a new
course for Neighbor.ly.

"These big companies prove giving back to the community is good for the bottom
line," Wilson said, noting Hallmark, DST, Cerner and Sprint. "We were able to
call and ask them what types of opportunities they wanted."

The investment is part of Knight Foundation's Tech for Engagement initiative,
which supports projects that use technology to connect people for action and no
equity is involved in the deal. Neighbor.ly received $10,000 for its spot in
Points of Light--which ends August 2--and otherwise has been funded by friends
and family.

For more information please visit: http://www.knightfoundation.org

LOAD-DATE: June 19, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              769 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       Eureka Times Standard (California)

                             August 3, 2012 Friday

Yurok Tribe receives grant to pave Bald Hills Road

BYLINE: The Times-Standard

SECTION: NEWS; Local

LENGTH: 413 words


The Yurok Tribe is receiving a $2.5 million U.S. Department of Transportation
grant to pave a large section of the rugged Bald Hills Road, which connects the
geographically split reservation.

Bald Hills Road winds through Yurok Ancestral Territory, Humboldt County and
Redwood National Park land. The thoroughfare connects both sides of the Yurok
Reservation and is frequently used by tribal members, federal agencies, tourists
and law enforcement, according to a press release.

Yurok Tribal Chairman Thomas O'Rourke Sr. said the road is used each day by
tribal employees, travelers and public safety officers.

"Paving the road will decrease response time for emergency responders, shorten
the trip across the reservation and make visiting our beautiful land a more
enjoyable experience," O'Rourke Sr. said.

U.S. Sen. Barbara Boxer, D-Calif., said she's pleased that the Yurok Tribe will
benefit from the grant.

"(This) will provide a safe travel route linking communities across the
reservation," Boxer said.

Congressman Mike Thompson, D-St. Helena, agreed. He commended the tribe for its
efforts to make the road safer.

"This project is part of a larger effort to improve the tribe's infrastructure.
It will create jobs, enhance safety and improve the quality of life for the
Yurok Tribe," Thompson said.

The Yurok Tribe and Humboldt County recently completed a $1.8 million
transportation project to pave a different section of Bald Hills Road. The
recently-paved section is owned by the county and is part of the Tribe's Scenic
Byways route. After this new project is complete, the entirety of Bald Hills
Road running through the Yurok Reservation in the county will be paved. The
remaining part is located within Redwood National Park boundaries, according to
the release.

Fifth District Humboldt County Supervisor Ryan Sundberg said the county's
partnership with the tribe has been beneficial.

"Humboldt County's partnership with the Yurok Tribe is making a positive
difference in the lives of all community members in this region," Sundberg said.
"It is also putting Humboldt County residents to work doing living wage jobs."

U.S. Department of Transportation Secretary Ray LaHood said investing in
transportation projects like these lays a foundation for future economic growth.

"Thanks to these grants, states, cities and local communities can move forward
with the transportation projects Americans need to reach their destinations more
safely, quickly and efficiently," LaHood said.

LOAD-DATE: August 3, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2012 Times - Standard
                              All Rights Reserved


                              770 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                      Farmington Daily Times (New Mexico)

                          September 7, 2016 Wednesday
                                   1 Edition

County looks for solutions to Totah's water problems

BYLINE: By, Hannah Grover

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A4

LENGTH: 359 words


AZTEC - The county has finished preliminary engineering reports for the water
and wastewater in the Totah subdivision and both reports indicate that the
subdivision should connect to Farmington's water treatment infrastructure.

The subdivision, located south of Farmington, has suffered from poor water
quality. And leaking septic tanks have caused contamination in the nearby San
Juan River, residents say.

Last year, the county received two $50,000 grants from the New Mexico Finance
Authority for preliminary water and wastewater engineering reports. The grants
required the county to perform the work before being reimbursed by the New
Mexico Finance Authority.The San Juan County Commission on Tuesday approved
agreements with the New Mexico Finance Authority for the reimbursement.

Mike Stark, the county operations officer, said the city of Farmington and San
Juan County will host a community meeting from 5 to 7 p.m. Sept. 22 at Sycamore
Park Community Center, 1051 Sycamore St. in Farmington, with residents of the
Totah subdivision to discuss the results of the preliminary engineering study.

"This is step one," Stark said after the commission meeting.

He said having the studies done will allow the county to request funding to help
fix the problems leading to contaminated water.

Stark said both the water and the wastewater studies indicate the subdivision
should connect to Farmington's infrastructure.

In other business, the San Juan County Commission also approved extending an
agreement with the New Mexico Department of Transportation for work on County
Road 3900.

Fran Fillerup, the county public works director, said the agreement is for the
design of the extension of the road, which will ultimately connect with Piñon
Hills Boulevard in Farmington.

The county and the city of Farmington are both working on the project, which
would link Crouch Mesa with East Main Street. Last month, the New Mexico
Department of Transportation announced it would be delaying the Farmington
section of the road project due to concerns with the right-of-way acquisition.

Hannah Grover covers government for The Daily Times. She can be reached at
505-564-4652.

LOAD-DATE: September 7, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: fnm


                     Copyright 2016 Farmington Daily Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                              771 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                  Public Opinion (Chambersburg, Pennsylvania)

                            January 20, 2012 Friday

$100K set aside for Franklin County's comprehensive plan

BYLINE: By JIM HOOK Senior writer

SECTION: LOCAL

LENGTH: 721 words


Ideas to connect water systems, create regional jogging trails or create zoning
across municipal borders could get financial support from Franklin County
commissioners.

Communities may get some assistance from the Franklin County government if they
think beyond their borders.

Commissioners have set aside $100,000 in the county's 2012 contingency fund for
implementing the county comprehensive plan.

"How that money would be spent is very much undecided," Commissioner Robert
Ziobrowski said. "Anything in the contingency fund is not spent until it is
vetted again. Being in contingency, it may mean spending zero."

Ziobrowski, chairman of the Franklin County Council of Governments, told COG
members earlier this week that the county wants to be in a position to
facilitate regional planning within the county. Municipalities or authorities
could consider joint subdivision ordinances, zoning or water systems planning.

The state has encouraged regional planning for several years and made grant
funds available for cooperative efforts.

"The state government does recognize there are some projects worthy of support,"
Ziobrowski said. "It's certainly in our best interest to explore those
possibilities."

"If grant money is available, there's not much at the state level," county
planning chief Phil Tarquino said.

County commissioners and planning staff are discussing how the county should
encourage implementation of the county comprehensive plan and how the
contingency money might be spent.

"None of that has been defined yet," Tarquino said.

Commissioners last year had discussed supporting a regional project of walking
and biking paths in the Mercersburg area, but the county had no vehicle for
making such an allocation.

The request in July from Montgomery Peters Mercersburg Connectivity led to the
idea of a community development fund, Commissioner David Keller said.

For decades, local planners have considered connecting municipal water systems,
so water could be supplied to neighboring communities during water shortages.
The idea gains traction during drought, but little has been done.

The county could offer technical assistance or connect communities to the
Pennsylvania Department of Commerce and Economic Development or Department of
Conservation and Natural Resources, Keller said.

"There may be a situation where, if the municipalities in question need
financial assistance to move the process along, I think we feel strongly enough
to facilitate long term planning, and we will allocate some dollars for that
purpose," Keller said.

Any suggestions on what tools to give communities for implementing the comp plan
will come from the county planning department, Ziobrowski said.

The first draft of the county comp plan should be completed in a few weeks. The
draft will be discussed at a public meeting, then revised before being forwarded
to the county planning commission, and finally to county commissioners for a
public hearing and approval.

Commissioners are paying about $300,000 for the updated county plan -- $199,000
for a detailed transportation plan and nearly $100,000 for the comp plan. A
comprehensive plan is a road map to the future from land use to downtowns, from
transportation to quality of life.

Prior to the recession, the county was grappling with growth. It ranks among the
top five fastest growing counties in Pennsylvania.

Keller said, "I think the board sees an opportunity with development moving
forward at a slower pace than it was three or four years ago, to work together
with municipalities to facilitate multi-municipal planning and lay some ground
work for ensuring quality of life issues going forward. We'll be considering the
comprehensive plan this year. I think the two go hand-in-hand nicely."

Local municipalities have tried regional planning before.

A regional plan for Fannett, Lurgan and Metal townships was conceived in 2000.
County planning staff helped the municipalities over the course of several
years.

More recently, Greencastle and Antrim Township developed a region comp plan and
Waynesboro and Washing ton Township.

"In all of them, the municipalities have common interests and common concerns,"
Tarquino said. "They all received money for those initiatives. I think the funds
helped."

------------

Jim Hook can be reached at 717-262-4759 and jhook@publicopinionnews.com .

LOAD-DATE: January 21, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2012 Public Opinion
                              All Rights Reserved


                              772 of 998 DOCUMENTS


           Richmond County Daily Journal (Rockingham, North Carolina)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                            March 16, 2016 Wednesday

$2 billion Connect N.C. bond wins statewide, Richmond County approval

BYLINE: William R. Toler, Richmond County Daily Journal, Rockingham, N.C.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 744 words


March 16--ROCKINGHAM -- A majority of Richmond County voters, and others across
the state, decided improvements to North Carolina's universities and community
colleges was worth a $2 billion debt.

Locally, the Connect N.C. bond -- which roughly 65 percent of voters in North
Carolina approved, with 75 percent of precincts reporting -- would fund $7.2
million in improvements at RCC, $23 million for a new business school at
UNC-Pembroke and $2.6 million to the Lumber River State Park.

The funds for RCC will be used to build and expand classrooms, labs and shops as
well as other areas on campus, according to college President Dr. Dale McInnis.

"We're really excited about it," he said late Tuesday night. "We're grateful
that the folks in Richmond and Scotland counties fell in line with the state
numbers."

He said voters showed "a strong commitment to higher education" and recognized
the bond as a "good investment."

"Now the fun starts and we get to go through the process of making these ideas
come true and fixing some of the challenges we've been dealing with on the
campus," he said.

According to McInnis, the college will also expand the bookstore, make room for
more early college students, create a new student career and transfer center,
add a cafeteria, make repairs and additions to the parking lot and increase
faculty office space.

"Having a cafeteria is going to be a real game-changer," he said. "That's been a
No. 1 complaint of the students."

McInnis added that the projects will bring jobs to the area in the construction
and transportation fields and said he was excited about having a transformed
campus in the coming years.

"Our students are going to have a better experience and a better future," he
said.

The University of North Carolina System will receive the bulk of the funding --
$980 million, which accounts for 49 percent of the entire package -- for new
buildings, mostly in the science and engineering fields.

The state's community colleges will receive the second-largest piece of the bond
package pie, $350 million. Like RCC, the community colleges will use the money
for new construction and bringing older buildings up to code.

Nearly the same amount percentage-wise, $312.5 million, will be used to upgrade
local parks and provide statewide grants and loans for water and sewer projects.

The remaining funds will be divvied up between the National Guard and public
safety, agriculture -- including an $85 million plant sciences building at N.C.
State University -- and state parks and attractions.

However, not everyone is popping the champagne cork over the bond's passage.

Nicole Revels, a conservative activist from Lenoir, has been spearheading the
"N.C. Against the Bond" campaign.

"The bond passing is what was expected from the start." she told the Daily
Journal late Tuesday via Facebook. "I came into this knowing that the last
general obligation bond passed with nearly 74 percent and knowing that the
pro-debt team would have millions of dollars at their disposal for advertising,
making me the clear underdog with nothing but a website and a Facebook page."

Revels said she did not expect she would be able to beat that, but didn't want
to remain silent on the issue.

"I actually feel really good about the vote results that have come in so far,
because it's a great improvement from 15 years ago," she said. "I do feel that I
accomplished what it was that I set out to accomplish, which was to educate. To
that end, I far exceeded my initial expectations, actually."

Many people thought the bond contained funding for transportation projects, as
originally planned, and Revels went across the state to make sure North
Carolinians knew what they would be voting for. She even participated in several
debates on the topic, including one in Moore County.

"My heart is full from all of the support that I received across the state...so
I feel pretty good about the results of this," she said. "Changing hearts and
minds about 'business as usual' politics doesn't happen in one election cycle.
It is my hope that others have been empowered with information and will continue
to watch N.C.'s fiscal practices, including how this bond money is spent."

Reach reporter William R. Toler at 910-817-2675 and follow him on Twitter
@William_r_toler.

___ (c)2016 the Richmond County Daily Journal (Rockingham, N.C.) Visit the
Richmond County Daily Journal (Rockingham, N.C.) at www.yourdailyjournal.com
Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: April 13, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20160316-RU-2-billion-Connect
-N-C-bond-wins-statewide-Richmond-County-approval-0316-20160316

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: RU


                  Copyright 2016 Richmond County Daily Journal


                              773 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                     The Daily World (Aberdeen, Washington)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           September 30, 2014 Tuesday

Hoquiam walking, biking tours debut Saturday

BYLINE: Corey Morris, The Daily World, Aberdeen, Wash.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 722 words


Sept. 30--Re-vision Hoquiam invites everybody to lace up the walking shoes,
adjust the bike seat, charge the smartphone and, if so inclined, put on some
zombie makeup and head downtown this weekend.

A "walk-bike your city" kickoff will take place noon-3 p.m. on Saturday, Oct. 4,
in Hoquiam.

In conjunction with the Connect Grays Harbor Coalition and through a grant
provided by the Centers for Disease Control, Re-vision Hoquiam will have signs
posted throughout the city guiding participants through several tours
highlighting Hoquiam.

The "walk/bike your city" program will result in several benefits for the
community and its residents.

The obvious benefit is exercise.

"It will get more people out walking the area," Re-vision Hoquiam member Jamie
Brand said. "The more people walk, the healthier they are, and the more you
walk, the more you see."

Walking also is good for the local economy, she said.

"When people spend more time local, they spend more money local, that improves
local businesses which will encourage outside business to come into the area,"
Brand said.

The idea was first introduced by Sarah Gillies-Alvarez during a Re-vision
Hoquiam meeting.

Catherin Corkery, a health educator with the Department of Health, attended one
of the group's meetings and found the "walk-bike your city" plan fit with
another project she had been working on.

Corkery, who has been working with Connect Grays Harbor Coalition since October
2013 to create a bicycle map, already was armed with a map of possible bike
routes and a knowledge of the state's health programs.

She sought grant funding through the CDC and a "Community Transformation Grant"
for the "walk-bike your city" program in Hoquiam was approved.

The $800 grant purchased temporary signs (about 10 for walking routes and 20 for
biking). The signs are expected to stand up to the Harbor's weather for at least
one year.

Each sign will have QR codes (a two-dimensional barcode for smartphones) which
will serve two purposes: when scanned, the codes will give background
information about the landmark where the sign is posted, and codes will direct
participants to the next stop on the route.

Brand designed the walking routes, and Corkery designed the biking routes.

"Through the Connect Grays Harbor Coalition, we already had an urban core bike
route, but it was hard to find if you didn't know about it," Corkery said.

"This event offered us the opportunity to put up temporary signs for the
routes."

Whether walking or biking, participants have more than one option for their
routes:

Walking

(Both routes are about 2.5 miles long. They are split into two legs and each leg
takes about 10 minutes.)

--Historic downtown area tour -- The route begins at Art Pocklington Central
Play Park and features stops at Seventh Street Theatre, Eighth Street Landing
(with comprehensive history courtesy of the Polson Museum), the train station
(passing historic buildings along the way), Timberland Library before returning
to the park.

--Old home tour -- "This route was set up to look at all the old homes in the
area with their wonderful architecture," Brand said.

The route begins at Timberland Library and has stops at Hoquiam Castle, homes on
the hill and a stop at Pocklington before returning to the library.

Biking

(Routes begin at Eighth and Levee streets.)

Each route is defined by its stops including:

--Historic streets and the Hoquiam Castle.

--Viewing tour of the bay.

--Bridge to bridge loop.

--Bowerman Basin loop.

--Endresen Road recreation loop.

--Olympic Stadium and Polson Museum.

--Longren Pass recreation loop.

--Grays Harbor Wildlife Refuge.

--Elton Bennett Hiking Trails.

While Saturday marks the opening of each route, organizers chose not to set up a
large-scale event at a specific location.

"It's going to be pretty mellow," Corkery said.

Tables will be set up along the route so participants can tell organizers what
they think.

"The purpose is to come out and ride, have some fun and give some feedback,"
Corkery said.

Though the QR codes do not currently track use of the routes, it is something
Brand hopes can be implemented in the future.

The signs will remain posted indefinitely, and the routes and QR codes can be
used at any time.

___ (c)2014 The Daily World, Aberdeen, Wash. Visit The Daily World, Aberdeen,
Wash. at thedailyworld.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: October 1, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20140930-1AW-Hoquiam-walking-biking-tours-debut-Saturday-0930-20140930

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1AW


                                 Copyright 2014


                              774 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                              Gloucestershire Echo

                           November 6, 2010 Saturday
                                   Edition 1;
                                National Edition

Roundabout revamp could be heading for a dead end

BYLINE: MAX WILKINSON

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 18

LENGTH: 336 words


WORRIED traders fear a scheme to revamp a drab-looking road junction may never
happen.

Shopkeepers in Bath Road have long campaigned for the Norwood roundabout to be
overhauled.

But it now seems no money will be available to start the work and businesspeople
have been left in the dark.

At a meeting of the Bath Road Traders' Association, chairman Matt Birch said:
"It is still unclear to me whether we will be getting any money for the
roundabout."

The roundabout has been described as "ghastly" and plain, and traders had asked
for cash to make it look more appealing to welcome drivers to Bath Road.

But Cheltenham Borough Council has given £5,000 for a revamp of the area to a
different group, Cheltenham Connect, through its Community Pride scheme.
Authority bosses have been working with the group and Gloucestershire Highways
on a 'DIY streets' programme for the past eight months. This would see more
trees, plants, seats and art alongside the road.

At the same meeting, Cheltenham Connect chairwoman Wendy Ellyatt said their
application did not include the roundabout.

Cheltenham town centre manager Martin Quantock said: "I have a feeling the
£5,000 is all the money that is available and would have to include the
roundabout project.

"From speaking to people at the council, I've got a horrible feeling that it's
the case."

Owner of the Cook food shop, Lizzie Smith, who helped put together the grant
application for Cheltenham Connect, said: "It would be really disappointing if
the roundabout wasn't improved because we need the roundabout to be done."

Cheltenham Connect plans to start the DIY streets development next year.

Cheltenham Borough Council policy and partnerships manager, Richard Gibson,
said: "It is for Cheltenham Connect to work with local groups and the county
council and decide how the money is best spent on improving the appearance of
Bath Road - as long as this falls within the Community Pride funding
requirements."

It is thought no extra money will be available for the roundabout development.

LOAD-DATE: November 6, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: The Norwood roundabout

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: GLE


                      Copyright 2010 Gloucestershire Echo
                              All Rights Reserved


                              775 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                            The Warrnambool Standard

                            August 14, 2014 Thursday

A NEW website has been set up in the hope of providing

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 2

LENGTH: 317 words


A NEW website has been set up in the hope of providing a centralised hub for the
south-west's thriving arts community.

The South West Arts Atlas aims to mimic a similar project launched in the
Central Highlands area by Ballarat City Council.

It provides a website for people and organisations to promote events,
exhibitions, workshops, facilities and artists and is expected to feature a
monthly arts newsletter.

The project is being run by the Great South Coast Regional Arts Victoria
Partnership, which is supported by the councils of Corangamite, Glenelg, Moyne,
Southern Grampians, Warrnambool, and Colac Otway.

Regional Arts Victoria facilitator for the south-west Jo Grant said the new
website aimed to connect local artists and organisations, create opportunities,
and provide a platform for the sharing of information.

"The website will provide the public with access to what is happening in the
arts in the region while providing a central hub for artists to connect,
interact and collaborate with each other," Ms Grant said.

"Links to funding sources and resources for the community will also be featured
increasing information sharing and cultural knowledge in the south-west.

"It is envisaged that the website will not only be used by artists to connect
but also by the wider public to stay informed about the large amount of events
and talented artists who reside in the south-west of Victoria."

The website can be viewed at artsatlassw.com.au and a series of information
sessions are being held across the region over the coming month to inform
artists and organisations about it.

The sessions will be held in Port Campbell, Casterton, Portland, Port Fairy,
Mortlake, Camperdown, Hamilton, Warrnambool, Balmoral and Tyrendarra and will be
followed by hands-on sessions to help people upload their profiles. The dates
and time can be found on the South West Arts Atlas website.

mneal@fairfaxmedia.com.au

LOAD-DATE: August 13, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


             Copyright 2014 Fairfax Media Publications Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              776 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                            The Warrnambool Standard

                            August 14, 2014 Thursday

A NEW website has been set up in the hope of providing

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 2

LENGTH: 317 words


A NEW website has been set up in the hope of providing a centralised hub for the
south-west's thriving arts community.

The South West Arts Atlas aims to mimic a similar project launched in the
Central Highlands area by Ballarat City Council.

It provides a website for people and organisations to promote events,
exhibitions, workshops, facilities and artists and is expected to feature a
monthly arts newsletter.

The project is being run by the Great South Coast Regional Arts Victoria
Partnership, which is supported by the councils of Corangamite, Glenelg, Moyne,
Southern Grampians, Warrnambool, and Colac Otway.

Regional Arts Victoria facilitator for the south-west Jo Grant said the new
website aimed to connect local artists and organisations, create opportunities,
and provide a platform for the sharing of information.

"The website will provide the public with access to what is happening in the
arts in the region while providing a central hub for artists to connect,
interact and collaborate with each other," Ms Grant said.

"Links to funding sources and resources for the community will also be featured
increasing information sharing and cultural knowledge in the south-west.

"It is envisaged that the website will not only be used by artists to connect
but also by the wider public to stay informed about the large amount of events
and talented artists who reside in the south-west of Victoria."

The website can be viewed at artsatlassw.com.au and a series of information
sessions are being held across the region over the coming month to inform
artists and organisations about it.

The sessions will be held in Port Campbell, Casterton, Portland, Port Fairy,
Mortlake, Camperdown, Hamilton, Warrnambool, Balmoral and Tyrendarra and will be
followed by hands-on sessions to help people upload their profiles. The dates
and time can be found on the South West Arts Atlas website.

mneal@fairfaxmedia.com.au

LOAD-DATE: August 13, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


             Copyright 2014 Fairfax Media Publications Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              777 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                            Crain's Detroit Business
                                 Print Version

                                December 2, 2013

A Fisher of hope;
Brightmoor aid boosts city plan

BYLINE: SHERRI WELCH; swelch@crain.com

SECTION: Pg. 1 Vol. 29

LENGTH: 892  words


Marjorie Fisher may live in Florida these days, but her heart is still in
Detroit, where she and her late husband, business mogul and philanthropist Max
Fisher, raised their family.

Though she makes grants to other efforts as well, Fisher is partial to what she
views as one of Detroit's neediest neighborhoods: Brightmoor, on the city's
northwest side.

She fell in love with the neighborhood and the people there around the same time
the Max M. & Marjorie S. Fisher Foundation began its focus there in 2008-09.

"These people in Brightmoor are our neighbors, and neighbors help neighbors,"
she said. "It's really important."

In hopes of bringing about the change so badly needed there, Fisher this year
quietly put $1 million behind blight removal and job creation and job training
efforts in Brightmoor.

The grants are notable in their own right. But they're also helping leverage
additional funding.

By requiring a match for three-quarters of the grants, Fisher, who recently
turned 90, is providing other donors with a way of not only supporting the needs
in Brightmoor but also seeing the role they can play in backing the goals of the
city's strategic plan.

"Sometimes these huge plans like Detroit Future City come out and people can't
see themselves in it," said Douglas Bitonti Stewart, executive director of the
family's foundation.

But Fisher's concerns about the dangerous, abandoned fields Brightmoor children
had to walk past or through en route to school and the dire need for employment
for community residents aligned with the city's strategic framework, he said.

The 350-page Detroit Future City strategic framework plan was released in
January after years of research and community input. Created by political,
business and foundation leaders, the plan and executive summary - available to
the public at detroitworksproject.com - focus on job growth, land use, improving
of neighborhoods and the rebuilding of Detroit's infrastructure.

While the family foundation focuses its efforts largely on early childhood
efforts in Brightmoor, Fisher directs much of her support toward adolescents,
said daughter Julie Fisher Cummings, who assists her mother in making donations
and grants.

"She's always concerned about basic needs, and then ... 'How are people going to
be self-sustainable?' " Fisher Cummings said.

"It's that old thing about teaching somebody how to fish."

Fisher never assumes she knows what others need, her daughter said.

"She will ask them, 'What can we do for you?' "

Alliance in action

Fisher's first grant in Brightmoor this year, $150,000 made in May from her fund
at the Community Foundation for Southeast Michigan, went to the Brightmoor
Alliance Inc.

The alliance directed $120,000 of that to the Detroit Blight Authority, the
nonprofit founded by Bill Pulte, managing partner at Pulte Capital Partners LLC,
for removal of trash, brush and a couple of houses across 14 blocks in
Brightmoor.

Fisher requested the donation be matched, and it leveraged another $150,000 from
the Michigan Land Bank and Gov. Rick Snyder's community schools initiatives for
demolition of homes near Gompers Elementary, a community school in Brightmoor.

The remaining $30,000 was passed through to Motor City Blight Busters for blight
removal in the northern part of Brightmoor for Farm City Detroit, an urban farm
spanning two city blocks.

Another grant of $250,000 went to City Connect last spring for its youth summer
jobs campaign, targeting subsidized jobs in Brightmoor. The effort created
nearly 200 jobs.

Fisher also committed a $250,000 matching grant to City Connect, which just
recently secured the match from the Wayne Metro Community Action Agency to
expand on the summer jobs program. The new effort will provide job readiness
assistance, training and subsidies to some employers to create 180 jobs for
Detroit youth throughout the school year.

About a third of those jobs will be in Brightmoor when the program begins in
January, Stewart said.

Fisher is also looking to help adults in Brightmoor get into stable jobs. She's
committed a matching grant of $350,000 to Detroit Local Initiatives Support
Corp. to help train adults for skilled trades and other types of jobs through
the creation of a Center for Working Families there, Stewart said.

LISC provided a $40,000 match so far so that $80,000 total could go toward
planning efforts for the adult training program and the center, which is still
in formation, he said.

The Brightmoor Community Center, Goodwill Industries of Greater Detroit and
United Way for Southeastern Michigan are collaborating on the program with LISC,
Stewart said.

"I would do anything to help those people" in Brightmoor, Fisher said.

"They need jobs, automobiles ... to be taught how to drive. There are a lot of
things we still have to do."

Individual donors often don't know how to find opportunities to donate to the
areas that move them, Fisher Cummings said. Her mother's challenge grants are
meant to give others looking for a way to help a way to do it either by
contacting the agencies directly involved in the work or by contacting the
Detroit Future City office.

"Mrs. Fisher is ... showing a way forward for many other individual donors of
how they too can do things in the city that have a strategically coordinated
impact," said Dan Kinkead, director of the Detroit Future City initiative.

Twitter: @sherriwelch

LOAD-DATE: December 5, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: CD


                      Copyright 2013 Crain Communications
                              All Rights Reserved


                              778 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                Cornish Guardian

                                October 27, 2010
                                   Edition 5;
                                National Edition

Vegetable-growing group wins grants

BYLINE: EMMA WHERRY

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 6

LENGTH: 397 words


A GROW-your-own-vegetable scheme at St Kew Highway has been awarded a total of
£60,000 in Lottery and EU grants to expand its volunteer-run enterprise.

Camel Community Supported Agriculture (CSA) is a co-operative venture that aims
to promote local food, reduce food miles and connect people with the land where
their food is grown.

Received The non-profit-taking group has received £47,984 from the Big Lottery
Fund's Local Food Programme and £12,484 from the East Cornwall Local Action
Group (ECLAG).

Charlotte Barry, chairman of Camel CSA, said: "This financial injection will
enable us to move forward and to work with wider groups of people within the
rural community in North Cornwall to promote links between fresh, seasonal food,
good health and wellbeing."

The £60,000 funding will allow Camel CSA to invest in equipment including three
polytunnels, a borehole and water tank, irrigation system, sheds, a small
tractor, horticultural tools and rabbit-proof fencing.

Its Growing Food, Growing People project will offer volunteering, educational
and social opportunities for disadvantaged and unemployed people through
partnerships with schools, charities and other local groups.

There will be at least ten educational sessions and more than 100 people will
take part in site visits.

ECLAG is part of the Local Action for Rural Communities Programme, a European
Rural Development Programme for England (RDPE) and Department for Environment,
Food and Rural Affairs programme.

Ian Riddle, chairman of ECLAG, said: "This type of project will connect people
to the land and promote a healthy lifestyle. "There is more awareness concerning
people 'growing their own' around now, and it will be interesting to see how the
community-supported agriculture model compares against the more traditional
approach such as allotments."

Cultivate Camel CSA has been up and running for just under two years.

Members from 50 supporting households cultivate vegetables on a twoacre plot for
its weekly vegetable box scheme and buy in additional produce from local
growers.

It was set up with support and advice from the Soil Association. Traci Lewis, of
the Soil Association, said: "Through the Making Local Food Work programme, we're
proud to have supported the development of Camel CSA.

"It's a really exciting project which is providing real benefits to local
producers and communities in the Camel valley."

LOAD-DATE: October 28, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: COG


                        Copyright 2010 Cornish Guardian
                              All Rights Reserved


                              779 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            November 14, 2016 Monday

Texas: The University of Texas at Austin

LENGTH: 336  words

DATELINE: New York



 Austin: Midwestern State University, The State of Texas has issued the
following news release:



   Welcome to Student Veteran Services

 Student Veteran Association

 Use Your Benefits



 We help all students using federal and state veterans education benefits. We
walk current and prospective students through the benefits application and
certification process, provide veteran-centered academic support, career
services, health care and wellness resources and support the ongoing success of
veterans on campus.



 Awards and Scholarship



 Apply for the:



     Military Family Scholarship Application

     Outstanding Community Service Award

     Professional Development Scholarship

     Veteran Academic Leadership Award



 Benefits



 Sharing our expert knowledge of federal and state veterans education benefits
is a priority of our office, along with connecting students to grants and
scholarships specific to our campus.

 Career Services



 We help student veterans develop their resumes, and connect them to internships
and employers.

 Academic Support



 Our team offers free tutoring, academic counseling, peer coaching and mentoring
both in our office and employing student veteran tutors in the Sanger Learning
Center and in the Undergraduate Writing Center.

 Health Care and Wellness



 We have an on-site, full time Veteran Affairs counselor who specializes in
counseling for post-traumatic stress disorder, depression, sleep problems and
anxiety. Our counselor also helps with VA healthcare enrollment, disability
documentation for accommodations and coordinating medical and mental health care
at local VA facilities.

 Campus and Community Outreach



 In the military, we all recognized that we were only as strong as the community
and support we have around us. We connect students to campus opportunities, the
Student Veteran Association and the Veteran Advisor Council. Be a part of our
thriving veteran community.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content please contact:
editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: November 14, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              780 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                The Bristol Post

                           October 27, 2010 Wednesday

Vegetable-growing group wins grants

SECTION: Pg. 6

LENGTH: 397  words


A GROW-your-own-vegetable scheme at St Kew Highway has been awarded a total of
£60,000 in Lottery and EU grants to expand its volunteer-run enterprise.

Camel Community Supported Agriculture (CSA) is a co-operative venture that aims
to promote local food, reduce food miles and connect people with the land where
their food is grown.

Received

The non-profit-taking group has received £47,984 from the Big Lottery Fund's
Local Food Programme and £12,484 from the East Cornwall Local Action Group
(ECLAG).

Charlotte Barry, chairman of Camel CSA, said: "This financial injection will
enable us to move forward and to work with wider groups of people within the
rural community in North Cornwall to promote links between fresh, seasonal food,
good health and wellbeing."

The £60,000 funding will allow Camel CSA to invest in  equipment including three
polytunnels, a borehole and water tank, irrigation system, sheds, a small
tractor, horticultural tools and rabbit-proof fencing.

Its Growing Food, Growing People project will offer volunteering, educational
and social opportunities for disadvantaged and unemployed people through
partnerships with schools, charities and other local groups.

There will be at least ten educational sessions and more than 100 people will
take part in site visits.

ECLAG is part of the Local Action for Rural Communities Programme, a European
Rural Development Programme for England (RDPE) and Department for Environment,
Food and Rural Affairs programme.

Ian Riddle, chairman of ECLAG, said: "This type of project will   connect people
to the land and promote a healthy lifestyle.

"There is more awareness concerning people 'growing their own' around now, and
it will be interesting to see how the community-supported agriculture model
compares against the more traditional approach such as allotments."

Cultivate

Camel CSA has been up and running for just under two years.

Members from 50 supporting households cultivate vegetables on a two-acre plot
for its weekly vegetable box scheme and buy in additional produce from local
growers.

It was set up with support and advice from the Soil Association.

Traci Lewis, of the Soil Association, said: "Through the Making Local Food Work
programme, we're proud to have supported the development of Camel CSA.

"It's a really exciting project which is providing real benefits to local
producers and communities in the Camel valley."

LOAD-DATE: October 28, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 25


                      Copyright 2010 Bristol United Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                              781 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                        Lincoln Journal Star (Nebraska)

                              March 6, 2005 Sunday
                                  City Edition

Weeping Water trail will tie it all together

BYLINE: JONNIE TATE FINN, Lincoln Journal Star

SECTION: X; Pg. 5

LENGTH: 364 words

DATELINE: WEEPING WATER, NE


WEEPING WATER- After finishing two big projects to revamp the look of the
community, Weeping Water is beginning work on an urban trail.

The city was approved in December to receive a grant from federal Transportation
Enhancement funds to help build a trail, estimated to cost $311,526. The city
will provide $77,882 in a local cash match, said City Clerk Kay Gerdes.

The trail will begin at the public swimming pool and travel east along the north
side of Weeping Water Creek, Gerdes said. It will then turn south through town
and connect to the Weeping Water Public School. The trail will end at the track,
football and soccer field complex.

News of the trail comes after the city completed two projects restoring the City
Lake area east of town and improving downtown streets and sidewalks.

"Now, with this trail, we're tying everything together," Gerdes said.

The new project features 3,000 feet of concrete trail catering to bikers,
walkers and runners. It also connects residential areas, the public school and
downtown to the lake area.

The main feature of the trail will be a historic steel-bow bridge built in the
1880s given to Weeping Water by its owners in Lorton.

"Really, we always wanted a bridge to go across the creek to connect the pool
and lake area," said Mike Spohr, president of the Weeping Water Chamber of
Commerce.

But Spohr said the most important benefit of the trail is safety.

"There's a main intersection in town that lots of trucks drive through, making
it real dangerous for kids to cross to get to school," Spohr said. "Now the kids
can just use the trail."

Construction on the trail won't begin for a few months, Gerdes said, because
designs and construction bids need to be chosen. She estimated the trail would
be completed late this summer, depending on the weather.

Grant funding through the enhancement program is administered by the Nebraska
Department of Roads, which awarded 16 communities, including Weeping Water, more
than $5.1 million for various transportation projects, according to Roads
Director John Craig.

"We just got a little piece of the pie before it went somewhere else," Spohr
said.

Reach Jonnie Tate Finn at 473-7395 or tfinn@journalstar.com.

LOAD-DATE: March 9, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2005 Lincoln Journal Star,
                              All Rights Reserved


                              782 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                The Toronto Star

                              June 13, 2014 Friday

Grad students combine science, Islam for health

SECTION: GO; Pg. G9

LENGTH: 716 words


Two McMaster graduate students were wrapping up a community presentation on
mental health when members of the audience began approaching them, in tears.

The audience had just experienced an eye-opening discussion in which some had
learned that symptoms they had battled privately were in fact the hallmarks of
recognized conditions such as depression and anxiety, and that treatment was
readily available.

For the first time, someone had told them they were not alone and that they were
not to blame.

The presentation had been organized by a group of McMaster graduate students who
for the past year have been visiting Muslim organizations from Hamilton to
Toronto to talk about healthy active living in a religious and cultural context.

"When we said there's treatment and help available for you, they were so
relieved," said Kashmala Qasim, a member of the group. She and her fellow
presenter pointed out there were religious supplications available for anxiety
and depression, in conjunction with psychotherapy. "We put science and Islam
together and they were really relieved."

The group is operating on a recently extended grant from SPICES - Student
Proposals for Intellectual Community Engaged Scholarship - a program operated by
McMaster's School of Graduate Studies that encourages graduate students to
initiate interdisciplinary projects that connect their studies to the community.

"We want to connect people to research, so it's easier for them," said Siddiqi.
"We see the need that is out there, and if we can get information out there, it
helps everybody grow, be aware of the problems that are out there and mitigate
the risks."

The Healthy Active Living group started with just three people: Qasim, Naushin
Sholapur and Asim Siddiqi. Qasim has completed her master's degree in
neuroscience, while Sholapur (health research methodology) and Siddiqi
(neuroscience and engineering design) are working on theirs. The three had
previously worked as volunteers helping undergraduate Muslim students.

Despite the intensity of their studies, they also felt compelled to use their
access to research and knowledge at McMaster to help people who needed it in the
broader community. Sometimes accompanied by experts in particular fields, they
talk to children adults and seniors alike about subjects related to nutrition,
fitness and mental health.

Their group has made presentations to groups as small as 25 and as large as 300,
in mosques, schools and other venues, using an approach that aligns academic
research and knowledge with Muslim customs and values. They fulfil their
ambitious mandate by working with a team of undergraduate volunteers.

"The Islamic community is very diverse in terms of ethnicity, demographics and
socio-economic status. But the one thing that connects this community is that
they make a lot of decisions based on religious scripture," said Sholapur. "When
we talk about healthy active living, it's very important to contextualize it in
that framework."

Their presentations offer ways to resolve the apparent conflict between the
Islamic requirement for public modesty and the benefits of swimming, for
example, or to overcome the nutritional challenges of observing Ramadan, a full
month of not eating or drinking liquids between sunrise and sunset.

The demographics of the Muslim community in Canada are skewed toward newcomers
and first-generation Canadians whose families are adapting to life in a new
country, a transition that can get stalled without help, say members of the
group.

Many do not realize, for example, that there are Muslim therapists and
counsellors who understand their specific cultural circumstances and can treat
them in a comfortable context. They see their SPICES project as a major exercise
in knowledge translation, and say that McMaster's support lends tremendous
credibility to their work.

"We want to connect people to research, so it's easier for them," said Siddiqi.
"We see the need that is out there, and if we can get information out there, it
helps everybody grow, be aware of the problems that are out there and mitigate
the risks."

Members of the group are available by email at spices.healthyliving@gmail.com

Wade Hemsworth is public relations manager at McMaster University. This story
originally appeared in the Daily News at McMaster.

LOAD-DATE: July 8, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: 'When we said there's treatment and help available for you, they were
so relieved,' said Kashmala Qasim, a member of the Healthy Active Living group.
From left to right: Asim Siddiqi, Naushin Sholapur and Qasim. McMaster
University

DOCUMENT-TYPE: COLUMN

PUBLICATION-TYPE: NEWSPAPER


                 Copyright 2014 Toronto Star Newspapers Limited


                              783 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                    The Hamilton Spectator (Ontario, Canada)

                              June 13, 2014 Friday
                                 First Edition

Grad students combine science, Islam for health

BYLINE: Wade Hemsworth

SECTION: GO; Pg. G9

LENGTH: 716 words


Two McMaster graduate students were wrapping up a community presentation on
mental health when members of the audience began approaching them, in tears.

The audience had just experienced an eye-opening discussion in which some had
learned that symptoms they had battled privately were in fact the hallmarks of
recognized conditions such as depression and anxiety, and that treatment was
readily available.

For the first time, someone had told them they were not alone and that they were
not to blame.

The presentation had been organized by a group of McMaster graduate students who
for the past year have been visiting Muslim organizations from Hamilton to
Toronto to talk about healthy active living in a religious and cultural context.

"When we said there's treatment and help available for you, they were so
relieved," said Kashmala Qasim, a member of the group. She and her fellow
presenter pointed out there were religious supplications available for anxiety
and depression, in conjunction with psychotherapy. "We put science and Islam
together and they were really relieved."

The group is operating on a recently extended grant from SPICES - Student
Proposals for Intellectual Community & Engaged Scholarship - a program operated
by McMaster's School of Graduate Studies that encourages graduate students to
initiate interdisciplinary projects that connect their studies to the community.

"We want to connect people to research, so it's easier for them," said Siddiqi.
"We see the need that is out there, and if we can get information out there, it
helps everybody grow, be aware of the problems that are out there and mitigate
the risks."

The Healthy Active Living group started with just three people: Qasim, Naushin
Sholapur and Asim Siddiqi. Qasim has completed her master's degree in
neuroscience, while Sholapur (health research methodology) and Siddiqi
(neuroscience and engineering design) are working on theirs. The three had
previously worked as volunteers helping undergraduate Muslim students.

Despite the intensity of their studies, they also felt compelled to use their
access to research and knowledge at McMaster to help people who needed it in the
broader community. Sometimes accompanied by experts in particular fields, they
talk to children adults and seniors alike about subjects related to nutrition,
fitness and mental health.

Their group has made presentations to groups as small as 25 and as large as 300,
in mosques, schools and other venues, using an approach that aligns academic
research and knowledge with Muslim customs and values. They fulfil their
ambitious mandate by working with a team of undergraduate volunteers.

"The Islamic community is very diverse in terms of ethnicity, demographics and
socio-economic status. But the one thing that connects this community is that
they make a lot of decisions based on religious scripture," said Sholapur. "When
we talk about healthy active living, it's very important to contextualize it in
that framework."

Their presentations offer ways to resolve the apparent conflict between the
Islamic requirement for public modesty and the benefits of swimming, for
example, or to overcome the nutritional challenges of observing Ramadan, a full
month of not eating or drinking liquids between sunrise and sunset.

The demographics of the Muslim community in Canada are skewed toward newcomers
and first-generation Canadians whose families are adapting to life in a new
country, a transition that can get stalled without help, say members of the
group.

Many do not realize, for example, that there are Muslim therapists and
counsellors who understand their specific cultural circumstances and can treat
them in a comfortable context. They see their SPICES project as a major exercise
in knowledge translation, and say that McMaster's support lends tremendous
credibility to their work.

"We want to connect people to research, so it's easier for them," said Siddiqi.
"We see the need that is out there, and if we can get information out there, it
helps everybody grow, be aware of the problems that are out there and mitigate
the risks."

Members of the group are available by email at spices.healthyliving@gmail.com

Wade Hemsworth is public relations manager at McMaster University. This story
originally appeared in the Daily News at McMaster.

LOAD-DATE: July 7, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2014 Toronto Star Newspapers, Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              784 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                         Portland Press Herald (Maine)

                    October 27, 2005 Thursday, York Edition

Adult ed receives $4,000 to encourage further study

SECTION: YOUR NEIGHBORS; Schools & Families; Pg. E3

LENGTH: 350 words

DATELINE: SANFORD


Sanford Community Adult Education has been awarded a $4,000 grant to encourage
its graduates to continue their studies beyond high school.

The Connect Aspirations to a Plan grant was announced recently by the MELMAC
Education Foundation, which seeks to increase the number of Maine high school
graduates who enroll in colleges or other post-secondary programs.

Since 2003, the foundation has awarded more than $1.1 million to public and
private high schools, vocational schools, adult education programs and nonprofit
organizations improve college access for their students.

Sanford's grant, which could total $8,000 over two years, is funding
transportation for college visits by students, increased hours for Larry Lowry,
the school's academic and vocational counselor, and programs that encourage
students to pursue college following graduation.  In addition, funding will
allow adult education to offer the Accuplacer college placement test on-site.
The test results will help students and community members who take it to know
how best to prepare for college admission.

"I am excited that the MELMAC foundation is supporting new initiatives that will
enable our students go on to higher education after receiving high school
diplomas from us," said Kathi Medcalf, the school Adult Education director.
"Although most people think of adult education as providing the community
crafts, exercise, computer and other enrichment classes, more than 50 area
residents received their high school credentials through SCAE last year. College
preparation, office skills, and English as a Second Language classes are also
important parts of SCAE's mission to serve the community."

The goal of the Connect Aspirations program is to raise Maine's college
enrollment rate from 55 percent, where it stood in 2003, to the national average
of 68 percent by 2008. The 28 programs that received first-year grants saw their
college enrollment jump from 55 percent to 60 percent of high school graduates
during the first year of the program.

For more details, call Medcalf at 490-5145.

LOAD-DATE: October 27, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                 Copyright 2005 Blethen Maine Newspapers, Inc.


                              785 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            October 9, 2014 Thursday

What's Your Story on Rural Broadband?

LENGTH: 160  words

DATELINE: Lyons


Center for Rural Affairs has issued the following press release:

I'm headed to Washington D.C. next week to talk about net neutrality and rural
broadband, and I want to bring your stories with me. Many of us in rural areas
are stuck with internet service that is either painfully slow or spotty at the
best of times.

Reliable, high-speed internet service provides a lot of benefits. It can be used
to connect a budding small business to customers, improve education or health
care services, allow people to connect with their legislators, apply for federal
grants, or even connect with friends and family.

Let me know why internet service is important to you. What could you do with
better internet service in your community? You can send me an email here, post a
comment on facebook here, or call the Center at 402.687.2100 and ask for Lu
Nelsen.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 9, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              786 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       Charleston Gazette (West Virginia)

                          November 30, 2005, Wednesday

School uses grant for landscaping

SECTION: METRO WEST PUTNAM; Pg. P12

LENGTH: 178 words


Hurricane Town Elementary School recently received a grant from American
Electric Power in honor of AEP employee Richard Vance's significant volunteer
service through the AEP Connects program.

The AEP Connects program recognizes the commitment of AEP employees and retirees
to their communities and supports the causes they believe in, according to
Michael Morris, AEP president and chief executive officer.

More than 740 grants were made company-wide last year, representing more than
110,000 volunteer hours donated by AEP employees and retirees and their
families.

"Although no monetary grant can compare to the value of the time our employees
and retirees give to worthwhile causes, the $150 grants made by this program in
the names of AEP volunteers will help schools and nonprofit organizations meet
the challenges of fulfilling important human needs," Morris said.

Hurricane Town Elementary staff members expressed their thanks to AEP for this
donation, which was used to beautify the landscaping areas around the building.
Parent volunteers also worked on this project.

LOAD-DATE: November 30, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2005 Charleston Newspapers


                              787 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                                  Western Mail

                            April 27, 2004, Tuesday

FARMING CONNECT IS ENVY OF EUROPE

BYLINE: BY CARWYN JONES

SECTION: First Edition; NEWS; Pg. 3

LENGTH: 721 words


Since i launched Farming Connect back in September 2001, I think it's fair to
say that it has become the envy of farmers in other parts of the UK and, indeed,
Europe.

This was endorsed last week when a group of 12 specialists from the agriculture
department in Northern Ireland spent three days travelling around Wales finding
out what the service has to offer.

They, like previous visitors who have come to take a look at the scheme, were
impressed. What they found impressive is the way Farming Connect co-ordinates
the delivery of focused farm business advice, access to training and
information, coupled to a range of grants.

Respected industry figures such as Lord Haskins have also praised the work we
are doing in Wales to support farmers.

Speaking at the Environment, Food and Rural Affairs Committee last June, he
referred to Wales as the best example of rural delivery he has seen in Europe.
Farming Connect has also picked up accolades at a number of recent EU
conferences.

So why is Farming Connect perceived as such a success outside Wales?

For me, the free Farm Business Development Plan is at the heart of what makes it
so valuable. Working with a business consultant enables farming families to
focus on the future viability of their business - to identify opportunities -
and to think about the skills they need to ensure a prosperous future.

Farming Connect also opens up a whole range of opportunities in training and
development. The ICT training offered through Elwa has been particularly
popular, but what many people don't realise is that Farming Connect can also pay
for 50% of the costs of training for any member of the farming family.

The training does not have to be in core agricultural skills but can encompass
anything which helps their overall viability.

Not surprisingly, there has been continued high demand for the business planning
service, with more than 6000 farmers across Wales now registered.

The grants available through the scheme have also proved to be an attractive
part of the package. More than 1,200 applications for Farm Improvement Grants
and Farm Enterprise Grants have been approved.

This represents a substantial investment in Welsh farming with pounds 16m of
grants generating pounds 43m to be spent on projects on the ground.

I announced recently that a second phase bid for European Objective One funding
has been secured, which will mean an additional pounds 5.6m is available for
grants, generating capital projects of pounds 15m.

Despite these considerable achievements, the Welsh Assembly Government is not
complacent about the need to develop and improve the service.

I recently announced the reorientation of Farm Improvement Grants to take in a
new range of eligible projects for environmental improvements on farm. As a
result, we have had to make certain categories of animal housing ineligible for
grant support, which has inevitably caused disappointment to some farm
businesses.

However, the direction of Common Agricultural Policy Reform has meant that the
imperative to integrate environmental good practice into all our farming policy
decisions is stronger than ever. I am sure that this re-focusing of grant
support will help family farms meet the challenges of the future, not least
cross-compliance.

The Farming Connect management team will also be looking very closely at the
operation of the Farm Business Development Plan service over the coming months,
to ensure that it is fit and flexible enough to deal with the developing context
of CAP reform and continued market changes.

In the long term, the inclusion of the requirement for a Farm Advisory System in
the Commission's CAP Reform package, indicates that initiatives like Farming
Connect will play an important role in any future rural development framework.

We will be working hard to ensure that the detailed Commission proposals on how
the Farm Advisory System will work are flexible enough to allow us to build on
the achievements we have already made in Wales through Farming Connect.

The Welsh Assembly Government, and indeed everyone involved in delivery of the
service, will continue to measure progress, seek improvements wherever possible
and ensure that Farming Connect remains the envy of farmers across the UK.

LOAD-DATE: April 27, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Newspaper

                    Copyright 2004 Western Mail and Echo Ltd


                              788 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                             Redland City Bulletin

                                August 25, 2016

Small business gets a push from state government

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 335  words


Redlands 1450 small businesses are about to receive a little push from the state
government.

Capalaba MP Don Brown said the aim of the government strategy was to provide
Redlands small businesses with stronger advocacy and to connect businesses to
help them succeed and empower them to work smarter.

Mr Brown and Small Business Minister Leeanne Enoch met with Redlands small
businesses to discuss the Advancing Small Business Queensland Strategy.

It is part of the government's $405 million whole-of-government Advance
Queensland agenda to create jobs.

'Redlands is home to 1450 small businesses, so it's clear they are a big part of
our local community and economy, providing goods, services and jobs,' Mr Brown
said.

'This strategy will provide our Redlands small businesses with stronger
advocacy, connect businesses to help them succeed and empower them to work
smarter.

'The strategy will do this by providing greater mentoring opportunities and
helping small businesses to enter the digital economy through our Small Business
Digital Grants program.

'It will foster our entrepreneurs through the Small Business Entrepreneur Grants
program and assist businesses to grow and employ through the Accelerate Small
Business grants program, an expansion of the Mentoring for Growth program.'

A soon-to-be-appointed 'small business champion'' would work with the Office of
Small Business to coordinate services across the government, work closely with
stakeholders and to represent Queensland on small business issues at national
level.

Ms Enoch said the government recognised the importance of the state's 406,000
small businesses to the economy and local communities.

'The Palaszczuk Government is committed to creating a supportive environment
that assists businesses when they start through to growth and employment,' Ms
Enoch said.

'That is our vision for small business in Queensland and what our Advancing
Small Business Queensland Strategy will achieve.'

For more information visit www.dtesb.qld.gov.au/small-business.

LOAD-DATE: August 27, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


             Copyright 2016 Fairfax Media Publications Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              789 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             August 15, 2016 Monday

Maryland: $10 Million Federal Grant Approved for BaltimoreLinkâ[#x20ac][TM]s
â[#x20ac][#xfffd]North Avenue Risingâ[#x20ac][TM] Project

LENGTH: 656  words

DATELINE: New York



 Annapolis: Department of General Services, The State of Maryland  has issued
the following news release:



   Federal, state, and local officials today gathered at Coppin State University
to celebrate the award of a $10 million federal grant for the North Avenue
Rising project in Baltimore City, which is part of the Hogan administration's
transformative BaltimoreLink transit improvement plan. The $27 million North
Avenue project will be jointly funded with $14.7 million from the Maryland
Department of Transportation, $1 million from Baltimore City, and $1.6 million
from the U.S. Department of Transportation's Federal Highway Administration.





 "Moving the North Avenue Rising project forward as part of our administration's
BaltimoreLink plan is key to providing an efficient transportation system that
will improve the vitality of this Baltimore community," said Governor Hogan.
"Thanks to partnerships with our federal and local partners, we can continue to
move forward with BaltimoreLink in this final section of North Avenue, helping
to connect residents to jobs along this important corridor."



 "I am proud to have played a part in securing these crucial federal funds for
the North Avenue Rising project," said U.S. Representative Elijah Cummings.
"This is precisely the kind of investment we need to sustain the new renaissance
that is beginning on North Avenue and to help expand it to all communities along
the corridor."



 The $10 million Transportation Investment Generating Economic Recovery (TIGER)
grant compliments $14.7 million in funds committed by MDOT, $1.6 million from
U.S. DOT's Federal Highway Administration, and $1 million from Baltimore City.
North Avenue already has been identified as a key transit corridor in MTA's $135
million revision of the citywide transit network - BaltimoreLink. With the
additional federal funding, revitalization along the five-mile stretch of North
Avenue now will include dedicated bus lanes, transit signal priority, bike
facilities, enhancements to Light Rail and Metro Subway stations, improvements
at major bus stops and sidewalks, streetscaping and roadway re-paving.



 "North Avenue plays a vital role in Baltimore as a corridor that connects
neighborhoods and institutions across the city," said Transportation Secretary
Pete K. Rahn. "This project will strengthen economic development efforts in the
corridor that will improve the quality of life for Baltimore communities for
years to come."



 MTA Administrator and CEO Paul Comfort agreed. "The transportation improvements
linked to this project will help jumpstart economic growth for this key section
of Baltimore City - connecting people to major economic and entertainment
centers while getting people where they want and need to go faster and more
efficiently."



 MTA's second busiest bus line - carrying nearly 4 million passengers annually -
runs along North Avenue, which is one of the few roadways that connect the MTA's
Metro Subway and Light Rail transit systems. This corridor is also home to many
important Baltimore institutions such as Coppin State University and Maryland
Institute College of Art. MTA and Baltimore City have worked together closely
with the common goal of revitalizing North Avenue to its full potential.



 "I am grateful for the federal and state support to enhance our city's
roadways, mass transit systems and biking facilities," said Baltimore Mayor
Stephanie Rawlings-Blake. "State of-the-art infrastructure that supports
multi-modal transportation for city residents makes economic opportunities
accessible. Building effective transit infrastructure has positive impacts on
the quality of life of our residents, including access to jobs and opportunity.
When our residents have the opportunity to grow financially, it is a positive
outcome for the entire community."



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content please contact:
editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: August 16, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              790 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                              Great Lakes Advocate

                               September 20, 2011

Corridor vital for conservation

SECTION: NEWS - GENERAL

LENGTH: 518  words


A CORRIDOR that will connect areas of high conservation value for native fauna
and flora habitat has been established in the Tea Gadens area.

Recently 70 community volunteers along with a number of special guests including
Bob Debus AM and the Great Lakes' deputy mayor John Weate planted 2,000 trees
that will form part of the corridor.

The 70-kilometre Durness-Borland Landcare Corridor is a state-significant
conservation project with Mr Debus describing the launch and planting day on
September 11 as: 'a big day for conservation in Australia'.

The Durness-Borland Landcare corridor is a substantial biodiversity corridor
that is being established in the coastal hinterland of the lower Myall River,
partly funded by a generous philanthropic bequest from the estate of Raymond
Borland to Landcare Australia.??

The project is a partnership between Landcare Australia, Durness Station (a
subsidiary of Nepean), Hunter-Central Rivers CMA and Great Lakes Council, and
will connect areas of high conservation value for native fauna and flora
habitat.?? It will also rehabilitate and revegetate degraded grazing areas to
reconnect remnant vegetation of high conversation value near the lower Myall
River and Port Stephens with an extensive area of remnant swamp forest.??

The corridor will extend from the coastal lowlands to the coastal ranges, and
rise from sea-level to an elevation of 650 metres.?? The majority of habitat
revegetation and regeneration is being undertaken on Durness Station, a large
4,000 hectare beef grazing property owned by Nepean, which lies just north and
west of Tea Gardens, where the launch took place on Sunday.

'Council is very, very proud of what's being achieved here and what we're
celebrating today,' while also praising the 'fantastic community commitment to
natural resource management,' Cr Weate said at the launch.

Heather Campbell, CEO of Landcare Australia paid special tribute to Raymond
Borland for his bequest that is providing funding to the Durness-Borland
Landcare Corridor, describing him as a very humble person.?? She went on to
announce the Raymond Borland Bequest Grants Program, which will provide ten
grants of $30,000 for environmental community groups and organisations in New
South Wales to take on significant projects within their local communities.

Following the official proceedings, the community volunteers began planting the
2,000 seedlings on the project site, assisted by employees from Trees in
Newcastle, who supervised the planting activities on the day.

Some people also enjoyed guided interpretive bus tours of the project site to
learn more about the scale of the project and the significant environmental
outcomes that will be achieved in the area.?? These tours were guided by Geoff
Foster from Hunter-Central Rivers CMA.

Once the planting was finished, everyone gathered around for a well earned
sausage sizzle, catered by the local Lions Club.

More information about the Raymond Borland Bequest Grants that are open to
environmental community groups in New South Wales can be found by visiting the
funding section of www.landcareonline.com.au.

LOAD-DATE: December 15, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


             Copyright 2011 Fairfax Media Publications Pty. Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              791 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                  New Orleans City Business (New Orleans, LA)

                              June 27, 2016 Monday

Q&A: Aspiring philanthropists learn the ropes

BYLINE: Quincy Hodges, Reporter

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 714  words


Fifty young leaders from the New Orleans area are among the 2016 class of the
Emerging Philanthropists of New Orleans, an initiative to engage the city's
up-and-coming talent in philanthropy. The six-month program educates
participants about philanthropy and the nonprofit community, while providing a
hands-on, grant-making experience. EPNO will donate $50,000 in grants to area
non-profits that meet the standards within the group's five focus areas - arts
and culture, economic development, education and youth development and housing
and racial equity. Nonprofits that meet EPNO's criteria will be selected later
this summer.

Mike Hill, co-chairman of this year's EPNO class, said those focus areas were
based on the class's interests. In the past, EPNO highlighted various focus
areas such as women's issues, workforce development, crime and public safety and
health care.

In each of the categories, what are teams looking for when it comes to  awarding
a grant?

The teams go through a six-month training process to understand what to look for
in a grant as well as how to develop a focus statement. The first step is to
develop the focus statement, which has been sent to various nonprofits across
the region. The group will go through "Grantmaking 101" in the next week to
learn about the intricacies of grants. The group will also go on mock site
visits to two of our past grantees. This process helps the groups effectively
assess an application.

How many years has EPNO given out grants?

EPNO started out at a "504ward Dine Around" in December 2008 as a way to get
young professionals engaged with philanthropy. Since that time, we have provided
grants to various nonprofits within the greater New Orleans region for seven
years.

Where does the funding for the grants come from?

The funding for the grants comes from the class members themselves. The class of
2016 has 50 members and five focus areas. Each member provides $500 of his or
her own money for pooled grant money. The advisory board, which is (composed) of
14 EPNO alumni, matches dollar-for-dollar the class's donation. In the end, each
focus group has $10,000 to disburse to chosen nonprofits. We are extremely
excited to note that the class of 2016 will give $50,000 to area nonprofits in
November.

How many members does EPNO currently have?

The class of 2016 marks our eighth class, and is (composed) of 50 highly
engaged, and community focused, young professionals. In 2015, we decided to
increase the class from 40 to 50 members because of the demand for the program.
Additionally, the Ripple Effect Team (comprises) 14 EPNO alumni. EPNO is run by
an all-volunteer advisory board composed of 14 members. We are proud to say that
we have more than 250 alumni across the region.

What has been the impact of the grants?

EPNO has become a good model of philanthropic development in the New Orleans
region. We have awarded more than $250,000 in grants to 52 nonprofits. We will
add $50,000 to that number by November with the class of 2016's gifts. I would
like to highlight a few projects that our grants have helped create:

o Project Homecoming - Since Hurricane Katrina, Project Homecoming has built
homes for more than 250 low income individuals. EPNO provided a grant in 2015 to
train and employ individuals onsite to work on the houses.

o Girls on the Run - A nonprofit for girls from third to eighth grade that
inspires girls through running. EPNO provided a grant in 2014 to open a new
site.

o Liberty's Kitchen - Provides young people ages 16 to 22 with a path to
self-sufficiency through food-based training. EPNO provided a grant in 2013 to
fund a culinary trainer to ensure job readiness for the students.

What does EPNO hope to accomplish after awarding these grants?

Our mission is clear: Inspire. Impact. Connect. We inspire and educate young
leaders to become effective, lifelong philanthropists. We impact the greater New
Orleans region through granting funds to organizations tackling some of our
toughest problems. We connect local emerging leaders with each other, nonprofits
and the greater community.

To sign up for free CityBusiness Daily Updates, click here.

http://www.neworleanscitybusiness.com/be-the-first-to-know/ Click here for more
from this resource.

© 2016 Dolan Media Newswires. All Rights Reserved.

LOAD-DATE: July 1, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: General news

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2016 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved


                              792 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                             Redland City Bulletin

                          September 7, 2016 Wednesday
                           Internet & Print Editions

Small business gets a push from state government

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 356 words


Redlands 1450 small businesses are about to receive a little push from the state
government.

Capalaba MP Don Brown said the aim of the government strategy was to provide
Redlands small businesses with stronger advocacy and to connect businesses to
help them succeed and empower them to work a bit smarter.

Mr Brown and Small Business Minister Leeanne Enoch have met with Redlands small
businesses to discuss the Advancing Small Business Queensland Strategy, which
was aimed at job creation.

It is part of the government's $405 million whole-of-government Advance
Queensland agenda.

"Redlands is home to 1450 small businesses, so it's clear they are a big part of
our local community and economy, providing goods, services and jobs," Mr Brown
said.

"This strategy will provide our Redlands small businesses with stronger
advocacy, connect businesses to help them succeed and empower them to work
smarter.

"The strategy will do this by providing greater mentoring opportunities and
helping small businesses to enter the digital economy through our Small Business
Digital Grants program.

"It will foster our entrepreneurs through the Small Business Entrepreneur Grants
program and assist businesses to grow and employ through the Accelerate Small
Business grants program, an expansion of the Mentoring for Growth program."

A soon-to-be-appointed "small business champion'' would work with the Office of
Small Business to coordinate services across the government, work with
stakeholders and to represent Queensland on small business issues at national
level.

Ms Enoch said the government recognised the importance of the state's 406,000
small businesses to the economy and to local communities.

"The Palaszczuk Government is committed to creating a supportive environment
that assists businesses when they start through to growth and employment," Ms
Enoch said.

"That is our vision for small business in Queensland and what our Advancing
Small Business Queensland Strategy will achieve."

The small business strategy focuses on stronger advocacy for small business,
simplified and coordinated service delivery and connecting small business to
opportunity.

LOAD-DATE: September 27, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


             Copyright 2016 Fairfax Media Publications Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              793 of 998 DOCUMENTS

              Copyright 2017 GlobalData Ltd., All Rights Reserved
                              GlobalData - Events

                               February 21, 2017

                              The Hill Group, Inc.

                               2 East Main Street
                                 Carnegie 15106
                                 United States

* * * * * * * * * * EVENTS * * * * * * * * * *


John Talcott Promoted to Consultant

   Nov 19, 2012

   The Hill Group, Inc. is pleased to announce that John Talcott has been
promoted to consultant. Talcott specializes in strategic planning, business
planning, economic impact analysis, and survey design and implementation.Talcott
earned a Bachelor of Business Administration degree from the University of South
Dakota and is currently completing a Masters of Business Administration at
University of Pittsburgh Katz Graduate School of Business. Talcott's experience
includes process measurement and improvement, workforce management across the
employment life cycle, simulation modeling, and business scenario planning. His
special interests include lean management and six sigma solutions to optimize
business efficiency and effectiveness.Prior to joining the firm, Talcott
provided personal leadership development, challenge course, and facilitation
training to undergraduate students and staff members at the University of
Pittsburgh. His civic engagement experiences include volunteering with the
housing corporation of a social fraternity and mentoring engaged couples in the
local community.


DeMarco Elected Chair of CONNECT

   Nov 19, 2012

   Daniel L. DeMarco, Hill Group Vice President and General Counsel, was elected
chair of the Congress of Neighboring Communities (CONNECT). The election was
held at the annual meeting of the Congress in June.CONNECT is an organization
that promotes cooperation and collaboration between the City of Pittsburgh and
the 37 municipalities that comprise the region's urban core. It cultivates a
forum for new ways to maximize economic prosperity in southwestern
Pennsylvania.EMS funding will top our priorities during my term, said DeMarco.
We have done some excellent work in moving this forward for our members.
However, we must now put more focus towards completing our long-range plan in
order to push this project across the finish line. Public transit and water and
sewer issues also remain top concerns for CONNECT members. All of these require
long-term assistance, and CONNECT is the perfect vehicle to voice the needs of
our region to state and federal government leaders. Since 2000, DeMarco has also
served as Commissioner of the First Ward of Ross Township (Allegheny County),
one of the largest townships in Pennsylvania with over 30,000 residents. DeMarco
is a graduate of Allegheny College and Duquesne University School of Law. In his
capacity as Vice President of The Hill Group, DeMarco provides leadership and
oversees human resources activities. As General Counsel, Dan advises the firm on
legal affairs, provides legal representation, analysis of legal issues, and
administers contracts.


Jordan Pallitto Joins The Consortium for Public Education Board

   Nov 19, 2012

   Hill Group consultant Jordan Pallitto has joined the Board of Directors of
The Consortium for Public Education. The Consortium is a nonprofit organization
working with school districts across western Pennsylvania on initiatives
strategically designed to strengthen and broaden school leadership, engage
community, and empower students.Pallitto will complement the existing board by
bringing invaluable expertise to bear from his extensive work with nonprofit
organizations and educational institutions including public schools,
intermediate units, and education advocacy organizations. I look forward to
helping The Consortium continue its tradition of positively impacting education,
educators, and students in our region, said Pallitto.Pallitto is a Pennsylvania
Association of Nonprofit Organizations (PANO) Standards for Excellence Trained
and Approved Consultant. He earned a Bachelor of Arts degree from Allegheny
College and a Master of Science degree from the Heinz College at Carnegie Mellon
University. Pallitto also serves on the Board of Directors of the Community
Foundation of Westmoreland County (now part of the Pittsburgh Foundation), as
Vice President of the Pittsburgh Urban Magnet Project, and on the Robert Morris
University Health Services Administration Advisory Board. He is a graduate of
Leadership Development Initiative XV, a program of Leadership Pittsburgh, Inc.


Pennsylvania DEP Awards Second Round Of Small Business Advantage Grants To 43
Small Businesses

   Dec 14, 2011

   The Pennsylvania Department of Environmental Protection (DEP) awarded
$245,380 in grants to help 43 small businesses around the state invest in energy
efficiency or pollution prevention projects.Mike Krancer, secretary for DEP,
said, "This program empowers small-business owners to invest in important
upgrades that make the most sense for their business. It gives them the
opportunity to lower the costs of production, which makes them better
environmental stewards and more competitive."Pennsylvania's Small Business
Advantage Grant Program provides small businesses with fewer than 100 employees
50% matching reimbursement grants of up to $7,500 to implement projects that
will save $1,000, in addition to 25% annually in pollution prevention or
energy-related costs. Since 2004, the program invested $5.3m in 1,451 small
businesses. Examples of eligible projects include high efficiency HVAC and
insulation upgrades for new businesses, high-efficiency lighting to save energy,
installation of energy-efficient heat pumps and new auxiliary power units that
help large trucks reduce time spent with idling engines. The 43 businesses that
were awarded grants are listed below, with the project location. Allegheny
county The Hill Group Inc., Carnegie River Development Corp., Pittsburgh Berks
county Judy's on Cherry LLC, Reading Butler county Charles Andler, Renfrew
Cambria county The Country Auction, Nicktown Centre county Patchwork Farm,
Aaronsburg Clinton county Sue Salve's LLC, Mill Hall Crawford county Flicks TV &
Electronics Inc., Meadville Environment Coordination Services & Recycling,
Cochranton Cumberland county Fields Family Dentistry LLC, Mechanicsburg Dauphin
county Vartan Group Inc., Harrisburg Boxer Express, Harrisburg Delaware county
Beauty-Art, Antiques & Rugs, Newtown Square Elk county Evergreen Gasfield
Services, Saint Marys Erie county Jensen's Target Collision Inc., Erie Franklin
county The Woods Company, Chambersburg Kaplan Trucking, Waynesboro Lackawanna
county BRT Ice LP, Scranton Lancaster county Rockville Management Group Inc.,
Elizabethtown Stanley J. Weaver Trucking, Reinhold Lawrence county Jerry
Eppinger, Pulaski Kenneth E. Eckman, New Castle Fred Sheffler, New Castle Lehigh
county Christopher B. Hill, D.M.D., Allentown Luzerne county Golden Business
Machines, Kingston American Asphalt Paving Company, Shavertown Montgomery county
Center Square Associates Inc., Norristown Geppert Lumber, Roslyn Philadelphia
county New Riff Cleaners, Philadelphia Casmos Cafe Inc., Philadelphia Allen
Brothers Wholesale Distribution Inc., Philadelphia Schuylkill county
Ashâ[#x20ac]"Tec Inc., Hegins Venango county Fisher & Father Inc., Cranberry
Wayne county BGM Fastener Co. Inc., Honesdale Westmoreland county Makin' Tracks
Pet Shop, Blairsville Speclin Emergency Vehicle Sales & Service Inc., Scottdale
Nu Way Coin-Op-Laundry, Greensburg Karas Trucking, North Huntingdon York county
SMT Manufacturing Group LLC, Hellam Baugher Motors Inc., Codorus Hanover Home &
Garden, Hanover Hake's Body Shop, York Cooper Motors Inc., Hanover.
* * * * * * * * * * OTHER AVAILABLE REPORTS * * * * * * * * * *
Company Overview                        Events
Key Employees                           Key Facts
Major Products and Services             Top Competitors

 * * * * * * * * * * NOTE * * * * * * * * * *

   GlobalData uses a range of research techniques to gather and verify its
information and analysis. These include primary research, in-house knowledge and
expertise, proprietary databases, and secondary sources such as company
websites, annual reports, SEC filings and press releases. Disclaimer: No part of
this publication may be reproduced, stored in a retrieval system or transmitted
in any form by any means, electronic, mechanical, photocopying, recording or
otherwise, without the prior permission of the publisher, GlobalData. The facts
of this report are believed to be correct at the time of publication but cannot
be guaranteed. Please note that the findings, conclusions and recommendations
that GlobalData delivers will be based on information gathered in good faith
from both primary and secondary sources, whose accuracy we are not always in a
position to guarantee. As such GlobalData can accept no liability whatever for
actions taken based on any information that may subsequently prove to be
incorrect.

LOAD-DATE: February 21, 2017


                              794 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                The Berkshire Eagle (Pittsfield, Massachusetts)

                              May 15, 2007 Tuesday

Town is ready to try wireless

BYLINE: By Scott Stafford, Berkshire Eagle Staff

SECTION: HEADLINES

LENGTH: 852 words


FLORIDA -- Students at Gabriel Abbott Memorial School soon may be able to
conduct online research, exchange e-mails and participate in long-distance
learning via free high-speed wireless Internet access beginning in September.

Besides the school, the Florida Volunteer Fire Department, the town library, a
real estate office, Martin's General Store and the homes of almost 200 people
are included within a one-square-mile test area designed to boost broadband
access in town and throughout underserved communities in Western Massachusetts.

"This is a big, big deal to the town of Florida," said Charlie Bohl, chairman of
the Florida Broadband Committee. "We've had businesses and people who wouldn't
move here because there was no high-speed (Internet) access."

Florida was the only Berkshire County town to be selected by Berkshire Connect
and Pioneer Valley Connect to participate in the one-year, one-square-mile
wireless broadband test funded by a $300,000 grant from the John Adams
Innovation Institute.

Maggie Bergin, project manager for the Underserved Communities Project for the
two Connects agencies, said 17 towns applied for the Connects Beta Test Program.
That number was whittled to nine semifinalists.

The three test subjects -- Florida; New Salem, in Franklin County; and
Worthington, in Hampshire County -- were named yesterday. All are currently
unserved in terms of broadband.

The program will create a neighborhood-based wireless network in the three towns
and provide technical assistance for a minimum one-year period. The Connects
will then document the Beta Tests and use these towns to inform others who may
want to implement similar efforts. Ultimately, the initiative aims to create a
more competitive and robust telecommunications landscape in Western
Massachusetts, according to a news release from the Connects.

"We were shocked at the quality of the applications," Bergin said. "It was a
very difficult decision, which I think is an indication of how ready Western
Massachusetts is for broadband."

Each town had to show that at least 10 participants were willing to use the
wireless service, had to have an existing location already using some type of
wireless access and to have the support of the town's boards of selectmen.

"We're all excited about it," said Gregory Betti, principal of Gabriel Abbott
Memorial School. "This is a real blessing for us. We were trying to get DSL or
cable, but they said it was too far (to establish a link). Now the community and
the kids can reach out -- it opens up doors everywhere you look."

Some of the workstations in the school's computer lab and two in the Florida
Library, located in the same building as the school, will be made available for
town residents for high-speed access to the Internet. The school and the
firehouse in Florida now have satellite access through funding grants, but the
wireless access should be 50 times faster.

'It means a lot'

Betti said the school will use it to improve reporting required by the state and
federal agencies, to have access to new software usage, to post more information
in the school's Web site and to take advantage of long-distance educational
opportunities, such as video conferencing.

"For us, it means a lot," Betti said. "Not having high-speed access affects how
the Department of Education views us and gets information from us. And we'll be
able to reach out more to the parents."

"It's really going to help out the town a lot, and I'm really excited for the
students," Bohl said. "And, ideally, with what we learn the first year, we'll be
able to install another antenna, and another one to expand the network, until
all the residents have access."

"After the test is done and we go away," Bergin said, "it is our deepest wish
that the service remains, and we'll be working with the town to figure out how
to do that."

Bergin, the Connects official, said Florida had the type of topography needed to
test the "wireless broadband mesh network," meaning hills, curvy roads and
plenty of foliage.

"We'll be testing the quality of services and looking for the brands of
equipment that work better in this kind of topography," Bergin said. "We think
it's going to work; we just want to figure out how to do it in the best way
possible."

She said the network installation will begin in July and would be in use by
September.

"In a couple of weeks, we'll meet with the folks in Florida and discuss the
process in more detail," Bergin added.

Initially, officials with the Connects told potential subjects that they may
have to pay up to $300 to hook up to the network and up to $50 each month for
the service. They have since determined that none of these fees will be
necessary.

At most, Bergin said, users may have to buy a wireless card and/or software to
allow their computer to access the wireless network. Some computers have that
ability built in.

Florida Town Administrator Susan Brown said the test would be good for the town
because "there are a good number of people here who would like to receive
wireless broadband."

Scott Stafford can be reached at sstafford@berkshireeagle.com or at (413)
496-6240.

LOAD-DATE: May 15, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Gabriel Abbott Memorial School will be part of a test area for boosted
broadband access in Florida. Photo by Caroline Bonnivier / Berkshire Eagle Staff

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


   Copyright 2007 MediaNews Group, Inc. and New England Newspaper Group Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              795 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                      The Vancouver Sun (British Columbia)

                           February 3, 2007 Saturday
                                 Final Edition

Olympic link means Bell is ringing loud in Whistler: Sponsorship helps eastern
company make inroads in the West

BYLINE: Derrick Penner, Vancouver Sun

SECTION: BUSINESSBC; Pg. G5

LENGTH: 603  words

DATELINE: WHISTLER


WHISTLER -- This resort community boasts a conference centre sponsored by Telus,
but is rapidly becoming a Bell town with the amount of infrastructure the rival
telecom is putting into the community.

Bell Canada is a $200-million sponsor of the 2010 Vancouver Olympics and that
commitment requires it to build cellphone and fibre-optic networks to Whistler
that can accommodate Games' organizers, broadcasters and athletes.

That network is fast becoming a technological billboard for Bell's western
expansion. On Friday, Bell used its Olympic sponsorship as a springboard to host
top western clients in a posh event at the Fairmont Chateau Whistler called
Goldrush.

"We're here to win," said Norm Silins, Bell's general manager of Olympic
services said in a media presentation, "and we're here to win business in the
communities we serve."

Linda Low, associate director of communications for Bell in Vancouver, said the
sponsorship coincided nicely with the company's western expansion efforts, and
"is invaluable in many ways."

In addition to business growth, Low said Bell can be seen as the entity that
connects Canadians with the Olympics on home soil.

"It's very rare to have an opportunity to live with that kind of association,"
Low added.

Technology consultant Iain Grant, with The Seaboard Group, said winning the
Olympic sponsorship was a coup for Bell, which, in a way is "making up for 100
years of lost opportunities" in the West.

"Everything [Bell] is doing is up Telus's nose a bit," Grant added, "but I think
Telus recognizes it can't sponsor everything."

By the same token, as Grant spoke to The Vancouver Sun by telephone from
Montreal, he noted that his office overlooks the Old Port that used to be all
Bell's territory, but "now it says Telus everywhere.

"Both companies are going to be flexing their sponsorship muscles in places we
haven't seen before," Grant added.

However, on the technology front in Whistler, Silins laid out the progress Bell
has made building the facilities it will use to service the Olympics.

In December, Bell finished building its own, dedicated wireless network within
Whistler to go along with the dedicated network it completed in June at
Squamish. And it has put up 22 of 27 wireless towers needed to connect Whistler
with Vancouver on its own network.

Silins said Bell has also laid down 120 kilometres of a 144-strand fibre-optic
cable that will deliver all the telephone, Internet, data and television
services for the Games.

Silins added that it is a massive pipeline that could carry all the telephone
traffic in Canada.

"The capacity we're building out here is greater than the requirements for the
community," Silins said. "That's just the way it is."

However, it is about business, too. Silins said other phone and cable television
companies have already approached Bell seeking access to the fibre line. And the
company has run it on a route that is close to existing and planned business
parks in the Squamish area.

"We also look at [the wireless and fibre-optic] networks as a great legacy, and
overall, what we're doing to build our services to the West."

depenner@png.canwest.com

BELL TOWN

Bell Canada, a $200-million sponsor of the Vancouver 2010 Olympics, will make
Whistler one very connected community. Its services for the Games will include:

27 towers for wireless communication.

120 kilometres of 144-strand fibre-optic cable.

100% high-definition television service for the Games.

$60-million worth of wireless, voice, data and Internet services delivered to
Olympics organizers including;

7,000 cell phones.

2,000 Push to Talk handsets.

470 Bell technicians to run the show.

LOAD-DATE: March 21, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Business

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 2007 The Vancouver Sun, a division of CanWest MediaWorks Publication
                                      Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              796 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             August 15, 2016 Monday

Maryland: $10 Million Federal Grant Approved for BaltimoreLinkâ[#x20ac][TM]s
â[#x20ac][#xfffd]North Avenue Risingâ[#x20ac][TM] Project

LENGTH: 657  words

DATELINE: New York



 Annapolis: The Office of Governor Larry Hogon, The State of Maryland  has
issued the following news release:



   Federal, state, and local officials today gathered at Coppin State University
to celebrate the award of a $10 million federal grant for the North Avenue
Rising project in Baltimore City, which is part of the Hogan administration's
transformative BaltimoreLink transit improvement plan. The $27 million North
Avenue project will be jointly funded with $14.7 million from the Maryland
Department of Transportation, $1 million from Baltimore City, and $1.6 million
from the U.S. Department of Transportation's Federal Highway Administration.





 "Moving the North Avenue Rising project forward as part of our administration's
BaltimoreLink plan is key to providing an efficient transportation system that
will improve the vitality of this Baltimore community," said Governor Hogan.
"Thanks to partnerships with our federal and local partners, we can continue to
move forward with BaltimoreLink in this final section of North Avenue, helping
to connect residents to jobs along this important corridor."



 "I am proud to have played a part in securing these crucial federal funds for
the North Avenue Rising project," said U.S. Representative Elijah Cummings.
"This is precisely the kind of investment we need to sustain the new renaissance
that is beginning on North Avenue and to help expand it to all communities along
the corridor."



 The $10 million Transportation Investment Generating Economic Recovery (TIGER)
grant compliments $14.7 million in funds committed by MDOT, $1.6 million from
U.S. DOT's Federal Highway Administration, and $1 million from Baltimore City.
North Avenue already has been identified as a key transit corridor in MTA's $135
million revision of the citywide transit network - BaltimoreLink. With the
additional federal funding, revitalization along the five-mile stretch of North
Avenue now will include dedicated bus lanes, transit signal priority, bike
facilities, enhancements to Light Rail and Metro Subway stations, improvements
at major bus stops and sidewalks, streetscaping and roadway re-paving.



 "North Avenue plays a vital role in Baltimore as a corridor that connects
neighborhoods and institutions across the city," said Transportation Secretary
Pete K. Rahn. "This project will strengthen economic development efforts in the
corridor that will improve the quality of life for Baltimore communities for
years to come."



 MTA Administrator and CEO Paul Comfort agreed. "The transportation improvements
linked to this project will help jumpstart economic growth for this key section
of Baltimore City - connecting people to major economic and entertainment
centers while getting people where they want and need to go faster and more
efficiently."



 MTA's second busiest bus line - carrying nearly 4 million passengers annually -
runs along North Avenue, which is one of the few roadways that connect the MTA's
Metro Subway and Light Rail transit systems. This corridor is also home to many
important Baltimore institutions such as Coppin State University and Maryland
Institute College of Art. MTA and Baltimore City have worked together closely
with the common goal of revitalizing North Avenue to its full potential.



 "I am grateful for the federal and state support to enhance our city's
roadways, mass transit systems and biking facilities," said Baltimore Mayor
Stephanie Rawlings-Blake. "State of-the-art infrastructure that supports
multi-modal transportation for city residents makes economic opportunities
accessible. Building effective transit infrastructure has positive impacts on
the quality of life of our residents, including access to jobs and opportunity.
When our residents have the opportunity to grow financially, it is a positive
outcome for the entire community."



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content please contact:
editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: August 16, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              797 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                           Springfield News-Sun, Ohio

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                               May 1, 2015 Friday

Christiansburg tearing up yards for new sewer system

BYLINE: Brian Bondus, Springfield News-Sun, Ohio

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 515 words


May 01--CHRISTIANSBURG -- Every property in a Champaign County village is
getting torn up as part of a new $4.5 million sewage project.

The Village of Christiansburg started installing 1,000-gallon septic tanks at
every home and business last fall and is about a third of the way through the
project.

Despite several grants to help cover costs, residents now have a $30 per month
sewer bill that they never had before -- and that bill will soon increase to $60
per month.

"As summer warms up, people are going to get a little grouchy about their yard
getting tore up," Christiansburg Village Council President Chuck Lyons said.

However, Lyons explained the village had little choice in the matter. In 2012,
the EPA found high levels of bacteria and pollution downstream from the village
in Honey Creek, which runs along the east side. So the village was required to
do something about its sewer system.

"We all knew we had an issue, because we could smell sewage," he said.

The soil in the village became saturated and was no longer absorbing the sewage,
which was causing it to get into the ground water and eventually into Honey
Creek, according to the project's manager, Herb Luttrell.

"It has been going on for quite a few years; especially after a rain storm, you
could smell it," Christiansburg resident Leslie Clevenger said.

Clevenger's yard was dug up last week and Thursday she was trying to put some of
it back together the best she could.

"I think overall (the project) is a good thing," Clevenger said, "even though
there is a lot of aggravation with it."

Construction crews are digging a hole in every yard big enough to fit the septic
tanks. Once all the tanks are in, they must connect each tank to a piping system
that will take the liquid waste to a treatment plant just south of town,
Luttrell said.

After the project is complete, the village will be responsible for the entire
sewer system except the five feet of pipe that connects a person's home to its
tank.

Grants will pay for the majority of the project. The EPA will pay for half and
the rest is on a 20-year zero-interest loan. The village also got $1.1 million
from a Community Development Block Grant and a Rural Community Assistance
Program grant.

"Even then, it is going to cost people $60 a month when they did not have an
expense before," Lyons said.

Residents started paying $30 a month for sewage in 2014 as crews built the
treatment plant and the fee will increase $30 when everyone in the village is
connected to the new system at the end of the summer.

"Nobody wants to pay for it, but there is no such things a free lunch," Lyons
said.

Lyons said so far feedback from the community has been better than what he has
expected.

The sewer system is expected to be fully functioning by the end of July.

Crews will start re-seeding torn up yards May 15, stop for the summer and
continue re-seeding again in the fall. Luttrell expects to be doing yard
restorations well into next year.

___ (c)2015 Springfield News-Sun, Ohio Visit Springfield News-Sun, Ohio at
www.springfieldnewssun.com Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: May 1, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20150501-1SP-Christiansburg-tearing-up-yards-for-new-sewer-system-0501-20150501

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1SP


                   Copyright 2015 Springfield News-Sun, Ohio


                              798 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       Vallejo Times Herald (California)

                              May 3, 2014 Saturday

Municipal fiber network

BYLINE: Published By Times Herald

SECTION: LETTERS TO THE EDITOR

LENGTH: 492 words


Fifteen years ago Vallejo was awarded a grant for an intelligent traffic system
that resulted in a vast network of fiber optic cables.

With the completion of the fiber network in 2004, Vallejo has inadvertently
created a Telecommunications Master Plan that might be seen as one of the
nation's most successful "dig once" policies. It is not merely the fact that
fiber is already in the ground as much as the installation of conduit that
allows more fiber to be run to increase capacity.

The cost of building out the network can be paid for largely by savings
generated by discontinuing expensive leased lines and a combination of grants
for municipal fiber. The city should begin with a modest investment ($500,000)
to connect municipal facilities, the school district, Touro University, Solano
Community College and CMA with city-owned fiber offering much higher capacity
connections than previously available. The city would realize 100s of thousands
in savings in the first year and ultimately in 100s of thousands if not millions
in ongoing revenue.

The city should reinvest those savings and revenues to expand the network. This
approach would allow Vallejo to build a vast fiber optic network without issuing
debt. The plan should encourage extra fiber, so when high tech companies ask for
access to its fiber, Vallejo can oblige.

As more businesses request access, i.e. Kaiser and the CHP call center, a city
fiber network can develop various ways to meet these needs. It can lease dark
fiber to businesses that want it, including other carriers that want to connect
their customers. Vallejo could also aggregate the demand of multiple subscribers
with needs between 100 Mbps and 10 Gbps in order to give discounted rates.
Finally, the city could provide access to a number of low-income housing units
in a pilot program.

Leasing fiber to other service providers and providing services to local
businesses would result in millions in revenue for the City General fund.
Businesses would be able to lower their costs by having high capacity
connections, retaining and generating jobs in the community and keeping the
office vacancy rate far below those of nearby communities.

The accumulated savings could fund many public amenities, including free WiFi
through out the City. In addition to synchronizing all the traffic signals in
the City, the addition of video cameras on the network would assist public
safety, and drivers would have several ways of getting real-time parking
information. The telecommunications services the city could make available
(telephone, cable and broadband) to local residents and/or business would have a
profoundly positive impact on the General Fund and do much to enhance Vallejo as
a "digital" destination!

Chris Platzer

Vallejo

Policy change?

I have seen murder-suicide news stories in this paper before, but this is the
first time I've seen the pictures of both people published. Did your policy
change?

Kristin Traylor

Vallejo

LOAD-DATE: May 3, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2014 The Times-Herald
                              All Rights Reserved


                              799 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               Northern Messenger

                            July 30, 2014 Wednesday
                                Northern Edition

Family of prisoners assisted

BYLINE: Eugene Boisvert

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 17

LENGTH: 241  words


A PROGRAM combating the disadvantage faced by children whose parents are in
prison has reached its target of helping 350 children twice as fast as expected.

Prison Fellowship's Prisoners' Kids Family Care Team hoped to reach the figure
by the end of the year but has managed to do so six months into its operation.

Team leader Mel Patterson said reaching the goal early meant each family could
get more attention.

"We can now focus on the depth with these families - to better connect with
them, link them in with more community services and spend more time with kids
and mums," Miss Patterson said.

The team helps connect families with community groups and services and also
helps them apply for grants for things such as school uniforms and training.

The program received $490,000 from the State Government in October and opened
its Salisbury office in January this year.

A little over a third of the children it helps are from the Salisbury and
Playford districts.

Miss Patterson said prisoners' children were six to seven times more likely to
go to prison than their peers.

"We want to get in there and show them there is a different lifestyle," Miss
Patterson said.

Among the children the group has helped is Montana, 16, of Elizabeth North. She
has been on 12 camps organised by Prison Fellowship since her mother Christine
went to jail for nine months in 2009.

Montana went to the last of these camps as a leader earlier this year.Details:
0422 624 338.

LOAD-DATE: July 29, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: Northern Messenger


                   Copyright 2014 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              800 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                         TendersInfo - Project Notices

                          September 26, 2012 Wednesday

United States: Crabtree Creek Greenway

LENGTH: 504  words


Project Schedule:July 1, 2012    June 30, 2013
Estimated Operating Costs: $3,698,000
First Year Estimated Operating Costs: $7,938
Description:
This project provides for easement acquisition, design and construction of 2.69
miles of the Crabtree Creek
Greenway. 2.25 miles of this segment will extend from the existing Black Creek
Greenway on the south side
of Lake Crabtree, around the south side of the lake and westward to the
intersection of Evans Road and
Aviation Parkway. The Town of Morrisville is completing an adjacent portion of
the Crabtree Creek Greenway
which will pick up the trail at Evans Road and Aviation Parkway and continue
over to the Davis Drive multiuse
trail. Together these two projects complete 4.55 miles of contiguous trail
between Umstead State Park, the
Black Creek Greenway, and Davis Drive.


A .44-mile segment of this trail will connect the existing portion of the
Crabtree Creek Greenway located
within Bond Park to the existing Cary Parkway pedestrian tunnel, the High House
Road soccer fields and to the
sidewalk/future multi-use trail along High House Road.
The Town has received federal Congestion Mitigation and Air Quality (CMAQ) grant
funding through the
Capital Area Metropolitan Planning Organization (CAMPO) for the 2.25-mile
segment of trail. Total grant
award is $3,698,000. 80% of this amount, or $2,958,400, is grant supported. The
remaining 20%, or $739,600,
is a cash grant match funded by the Town of Cary.
The $3,698,000 FY 2013 appropriation reflects all federal and Town financial
commitments and addresses the
full scope of the project.
The Crabtree Creek Greenway will be a major east/west pedestrian/bicycle
connection linking Cary  s greenway
system with the greenway networks of Raleigh, Morrisville, and ultimately,
Research Triangle Park. The 4.55
mile east/west link will make employment centers, activity centers, Lake
Crabtree County Park, Umstead State
Park, North Cary Park, West Cary Middle School, Godbold Park, Morrisville
Community Park and Community
Center, Research Triangle Park, the NC Museum of Art, Meredith College, North
Carolina State University
and downtown Raleigh easily accessible by foot or bicycle.
The regional significance of this 4.55 mile trail is emphasized by the fact that
it was identified as one of only
four top priority trail corridors within the CORE Pedestrian-Bicycle-Green Space
Plan (Center of the Region
Enterprise), that was completed by Triangle J Council of Governments (TJCOG) in
2009. This planning effort

was the result of coordination among six local governments and four partner
organizations. The partners
recognized that communities in the center of the Triangle area are growing
rapidly and that the provision of
safe and efficient bicycle and pedestrian transportation facilities is important
in reducing traffic congestion and
air pollution.
The .44-mile segment of the Crabtree Creek greenway will connect the Town%s
largest park and hub of the
Town%s

country :United States
Ltd.

LOAD-DATE: September 27, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: 811


                          Copyright 2012 Tenders Info
              Provided by Syndigate.info, an Albawaba.com company
                              All Rights Reserved


                              801 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                         TendersInfo - Project Notices

                          September 26, 2012 Wednesday

United States: Crabtree Creek Greenway

LENGTH: 504  words


Project Schedule:July 1, 2012    June 30, 2013
Estimated Operating Costs: $3,698,000
First Year Estimated Operating Costs: $7,938
Description:
This project provides for easement acquisition, design and construction of 2.69
miles of the Crabtree Creek
Greenway. 2.25 miles of this segment will extend from the existing Black Creek
Greenway on the south side
of Lake Crabtree, around the south side of the lake and westward to the
intersection of Evans Road and
Aviation Parkway. The Town of Morrisville is completing an adjacent portion of
the Crabtree Creek Greenway
which will pick up the trail at Evans Road and Aviation Parkway and continue
over to the Davis Drive multiuse
trail. Together these two projects complete 4.55 miles of contiguous trail
between Umstead State Park, the
Black Creek Greenway, and Davis Drive.


A .44-mile segment of this trail will connect the existing portion of the
Crabtree Creek Greenway located
within Bond Park to the existing Cary Parkway pedestrian tunnel, the High House
Road soccer fields and to the
sidewalk/future multi-use trail along High House Road.
The Town has received federal Congestion Mitigation and Air Quality (CMAQ) grant
funding through the
Capital Area Metropolitan Planning Organization (CAMPO) for the 2.25-mile
segment of trail. Total grant
award is $3,698,000. 80% of this amount, or $2,958,400, is grant supported. The
remaining 20%, or $739,600,
is a cash grant match funded by the Town of Cary.
The $3,698,000 FY 2013 appropriation reflects all federal and Town financial
commitments and addresses the
full scope of the project.
The Crabtree Creek Greenway will be a major east/west pedestrian/bicycle
connection linking Cary  s greenway
system with the greenway networks of Raleigh, Morrisville, and ultimately,
Research Triangle Park. The 4.55
mile east/west link will make employment centers, activity centers, Lake
Crabtree County Park, Umstead State
Park, North Cary Park, West Cary Middle School, Godbold Park, Morrisville
Community Park and Community
Center, Research Triangle Park, the NC Museum of Art, Meredith College, North
Carolina State University
and downtown Raleigh easily accessible by foot or bicycle.
The regional significance of this 4.55 mile trail is emphasized by the fact that
it was identified as one of only
four top priority trail corridors within the CORE Pedestrian-Bicycle-Green Space
Plan (Center of the Region
Enterprise), that was completed by Triangle J Council of Governments (TJCOG) in
2009. This planning effort

was the result of coordination among six local governments and four partner
organizations. The partners
recognized that communities in the center of the Triangle area are growing
rapidly and that the provision of
safe and efficient bicycle and pedestrian transportation facilities is important
in reducing traffic congestion and
air pollution.
The .44-mile segment of the Crabtree Creek greenway will connect the Town%s
largest park and hub of the
Town%s

country :United States
Ltd.

LOAD-DATE: October 2, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: 811


                          Copyright 2012 Tenders Info
              Provided by Syndigate.info, an Albawaba.com company
                              All Rights Reserved


                              802 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       Sarasota Herald Tribune (Florida)

                           January 20, 2016 Wednesday

Patients turning to health centers

BYLINE: Maggie Clark

SECTION: A; FL News; Pg. 11

LENGTH: 568 words


SERIES: FLORIDA MEDICAID As Florida Medicaid administrators work to connect kids
with primary care, one option they're increasingly turning to is nonprofit
community health centers. These health centers have some attractive qualities
for the state: they receive federal grants to supplement money lost in caring
for large groups of Medicaid and uninsured patients, and they can only bill the
state Medicaid program a flat rate per visit, regardless of the complexity of a
patient's needs.

"The cost to the state for a health center visit is significantly less because
the patient is getting more services in a single visit," said Andy Behrman,
executive director for the Florida Association of Community Health Centers.

"If someone comes in for the first time and is sick, the health center will do a
full battery of tests and a physical anyway, and it's only one payment. The
health center can't split the costs out by service like a private-practice
doctor can," Behrman said.

Health centers, unlike private physicians, are required to take on any patient,
regardless of insurance status. Patients who can pay are charged on a
sliding-fee scale based on their income.

The centers typically employ enough physicians so that they can care for large
volumes of Medicaid patients and still run a sustainable business. Any losses
can be back-filled by federal grants. Doctors in solo practices, on the other
hand, hardly break even when they provide care at Medicaid rates.

Health centers also track the health of their patients. The monitoring keeps the
health centers accountable to federal regulators, who maintain a close watch on
the quality of care received by the Medicaid and Medicare members treated there.

However, access to appointments at health centers varies greatly.

For instance, in Sarasota County, low-income patients have their pick of three
community health center locations for comprehensive primary care, and about
30,500 patients are served at the clinics each year.

But just to the south in Charlotte County, patients have one location, the Fort
Myers-based Family Health Centers of Southwest Florida Inc., where they can
receive consistent primary care.

Patients say the lone health center in Port Charlotte is overwhelmed. Facing
long waits, patients with transportation make the trip to North Port in Sarasota
County for checkups, or visit a free clinic in Englewood or Port Charlotte when
they need it.

Charlotte County commissioners are concerned with the lack of access available
to low-income residents. They are pressing local private hospitals to support
the health center so that fewer people end up using the emergency room for
primary care.

Between the health centers and private doctors, Behrman said he is hopeful that
every Medicaid patient can get the care needed.

"We don't look at private physicians as competition, and we would like to see
them get their Medicaid reimbursement rates increased," Behrman said.

"There are more than enough Medicaid patients to go around," Behrman said. "Our
job is to do the best for the patients who need us."

MORE ONLINE Taxpayers balk at it. Legislators ignore it. One in two Florida
children depend on it. Visit medicaid.heraldtribune.com for a deep look at
Medicaid, including parent stories, in-depth video and interviews and more. Join
the conversation and connect with other caregivers on Facebook at HT Healthy
Kids and on Twitter at #FLMedicaid.

LOAD-DATE: January 23, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: As Florida Medicaid administrators work to connect kids with primary
care, one option they're increasingly turning to is nonprofit community health
centers. These health centers have some attractive qualities for the state: they
receive federal grants to supplement money lost in caring for large groups of
Medicaid and uninsured patients, and they can only bill the state Medicaid
program a flat rate per visit, regardless of the complexity of a patient's
needs. "The cost to the state for a health center visit is significantly less
because the patient is getting more services in a single visit," said Andy
Behrman, executive director for the Florida Association of Community Health
Centers.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 Sarasota Herald-Tribune Co.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              803 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                            Legal Monitor Worldwide

                            August 1, 2015 Saturday

Governor Baker, Cabinet Secretaries Host Roundtable To Highlight Urban Agenda

LENGTH: 539  words


Today Governor Charlie Baker, Housing and Economic Development Secretary Jay
Ash, Labor and Workforce Development Secretary Ronald Walker II, and Education
Secretary Jim Peyser attended a roundtable discussion in Lawrence focused on the
Governor's Urban Agenda.


"Communities move forward when we enable them to solve local problems by
leveraging local resources, not by relying on any one-size-fits-all program,"
said Governor Baker. "We look forward to seeing the results of the Urban Agenda
in our communities."
The Urban Agenda is comprised of a series of policy goals around improving
education, economic development, affordable housing, and public safety,
including youth violence reduction and recidivism prevention. In promoting an
Urban Agenda, the Baker-Polito administration looks to improve the quality of
life for residents of Massachusetts cities.
"In encouraging cities and town to do more of what works locally, we look
forward to seeing the best communities can offer for their residents," said
Lieutenant Governor Karyn Polito. "Partnerships between the Commonwealth and
municipalities are key to ensuring the wellbeing of all our residents."
"Working with municipalities to connect resources and expertise needed to
implement targeted programs for targeted workforce development will result in
healthier communities across the Commonwealth," said Housing and Economic
Development Secretary Jay Ash. "The best leaders understand the needs of their
communities, and are able to foster collaboration and partnerships to serve the
community. The Urban Agenda will foster these kinds of leaders."
"The transformation of urban public education is central to the transformation
of urban neighborhoods," said Education Secretary Jim Peyser. "Through the
Workforce Skills Cabinet, we are connecting education, workforce development,
and economic development initiatives so they have the greatest impact on urban
communities."
"One of the things we are doing to help residents find jobs in the Commonwealth
is to better connect our public workforce system, through our Career Centers,
meet the demands of employers in each region," Secretary of Labor and Workforce
Development Ronald Walker said. "We are flipping our model to focus on
employers' needs in order to help them fill job positions they are creating,
which in turn will help companies grow and benefit the state's economy."
The Fiscal Year 2016 budget Gov. Baker recently signed makes significant new
investments in Massachusetts communities, including a $2 million Urban Agenda
economic development grant program. The economic development grants,
administered by the Executive Office of Housing and Economic Development, will
fund innovative community partnerships that leverage local economic assets. The
program will challenge neighborhoods across Massachusetts to form partnerships
that leverage existing economic assets, target specific workforce populations,
define their economic development and quality of life goals, and then deliver on
those goals. As part of the Urban Agenda, the Workforce Skills Cabinet will work
with communities to match the needs employers to those seeking employment or
additional education training. 2015 Legal Monitor Worldwide.

LOAD-DATE: August 2, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1258


                     Copyright 2015 Legal Monitor Worldwide
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              804 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           December 22, 2015 Tuesday

Washington: HUD AWARDS $100 MILLION TO HELP PUBLIC HOUSING RESIDENTS SECURE
HIGHER PAYING JOBS AND BECOME SELF-SUFFICIENT

LENGTH: 631  words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Washington: U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development has issued the
following news release:



 In an effort to help low-income residents find higher-paying jobs and become
self-sufficient, the U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development (HUD)
today announced a combined nearly $100 million investment through HUD's Jobs
Plus Pilot Program and Family Self-Sufficiency (FSS) Program. Together, these
programs support local public housing authorities and their partners to help
residents increase earned income and financial literacy, reduce or eliminate the
need for welfare assistance, and make progress toward economic independence and
self-sufficiency.





 HUD's Jobs Plus Pilot Program supports work readiness and connects public
housing residents with employment, education and financial empowerment
services-and it's a model proven to help public housing residents find and keep
jobs. HUD's FSS Program promotes the development of local strategies to connect
Housing Choice Voucher recipients and families living in public housing with
public and private resources to increase earned income and financial literacy.



     Read more about the $24.3 million awarded in Job Plus grants (see attached
chart)

     Read more about the $75 million awarded grants under FSS Program



 "These grants will make a meaningful impact in the lives of public housing
residents and their families by providing a pathway towards self-sufficiency,"
said HUD Secretary Julián Castro. "As the Department of Opportunity, HUD is
empowering public housing residents to improve their circumstances with new
economic and educational tools they need to compete and succeed in the
workplace."



 HUD's Jobs-Plus Pilot Program support public housing authorities with tools
they need to connect their residents with employment and training services to
improve their economic circumstances. The Jobs Plus Pilot Program capitalizes on
a successful demonstration program that combines traditional employment,
training and job placement services with a rent incentive and a place-based
investment in building community support for work. The program model, which
requires PHAs to partner with Department of Labor American Jobs Centers,
promotes initiatives to improve employment and earnings outcomes, a critical
element of self-sufficiency for all families. Targeting an entire development
helps residents support each other through the process.



 Recently, the non-profit organization MDRC released a report focused on the
impacts of Jobs Plus among public housing residents. MDRC's analysis sought to
test whether a program that combined employment and training services, new rent
rules to "make work pay," and neighbor-to-neighbor outreach centering on work
could make a difference in the economic prospects of public housing residents.
The study found that public housing residents who participated in Jobs Plus saw
a 16 percent increase in earned income and that these earnings remained higher
seven years after exiting the program.



 The FSS Program help PHAs to hire service coordinators who work directly with
residents to connect them with programs and services that already exist in the
local community. Service coordinators also build relationships with the network
of local service providers so as to more effectively serve the residents. The
program encourages innovative strategies that link public housing and Housing
Choice Voucher assistance with other resources to enable participating families
to find jobs, increase earned income, reduce or eliminate the need for rental
and/or welfare assistance, and make progress toward achieving economic
independence and self-sufficiency.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:

 editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: December 23, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              805 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                        Gulf News (United Arab Emirates)

                            August 11, 2012 Saturday

Sharjah Museum to participate in online project

BYLINE: Noorhan Barakat Staff Report

LENGTH: 316 words


Sharjah: Sharjah Museum of Islamic Civilization will participate in an online
art community project with three other museums to raise public awareness of the
richness and diversity of Muslim women's lives.

The project - Muslim Women's Art and Voices - is one of the 10 funded by Museums
Connect grant of the American Association of Museums. The Sharjah Museum of
Islamic Civilization is the only Museum in the Middle East and Arab region to
have been awarded the Museums Connect grant.

Sharjah Museum of Islamic Civilization, along with the International Museum of
Women in San Francisco, the US, the Women's Museum in Aarhus, Denmark, and the
Ayala Museum in the Philippines will design a number of workshops and online
artworks that will be curated and exhibited virtually, to show the richness and
diversity of Muslim women's lives in these four distinct cultures and globally.

The Museums Connect Initiative is a joint initiative between the American
Association of Museums and the US Department of State's Bureau of Educational
and Cultural Affairs.

The initiative, which is now in its fifth year, pairs museums from across the
globe with partners in the United States to engender web-based opportunities for
cross-cultural exchange and creative collaboration, especially among the youth.
It also fosters intercultural dialogue through community projects, partnerships
with local or tribal governments and schools, and local events.

Manal Ataya, the Director General of Sharjah Museums Department, said: "This
project promises to be an exciting and wonderful opportunity for all involved,
and we sincerely hope that it will contribute to a better understanding and
appreciation of the rich and diverse lives Muslim women lead around the world
and the significant contributions they make in all walks of life."

For more information on all the Museums Connect projects:
www.aam-us.org/museumsconnect.

LOAD-DATE: August 11, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 57


               Copyright 2012 Gulf News - Al Nisr Publishing LLC.
              Provided by Syndigate.info, an Albawaba.com company
                              All Rights Reserved


                              806 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       San Jose Mercury News (California)

                            September 3, 2012 Monday

$10.4 million sought for trails work to better connect Stanford with the
Baylands

BYLINE: By jason green Daily News Staff Writer

SECTION: COMMUNITIES; Peninsula; News; Local

LENGTH: 605 words


Palo Alto and Stanford University have joined forces in the hopes of winning
$10.4 million in grant funding for a trails plan that would better connect the
campus to the Baylands and other popular recreational facilities.

The city council is to decide tonight whether to give city staff the go-ahead to
submit a joint proposal to Santa Clara County, which issued a call for projects
on Aug. 9. The deadline is Thursday.

The funds would finance five recreation linkages, including $4.5 million for new
trails along sections of Junipero Serra Boulevard, Stanford Avenue and El Camino
Real, as well as $4 million for a pedestrian and bicycle bridge where Adobe
Creek crosses under Highway 101, according to a report by Palo Alto Chief
Transportation Official Jaime Rodriguez.

The money would also help pay for an extension of the bike boulevard between
Oregon Expressway and Charleston Road, a bicycle and pedestrian trail along
Matadero Creek, and enhancements to the Arastradero Road trail, Rodriguez wrote
in the report.

Once completed, the linkages would make it easier for pedestrians and bicyclists
to travel from Stanford University to the Baylands and Enid W.
Pearson-Arastradero Preserve.

The $10.4 million is a product of an agreement the university struck with the
county for permission to expand in 2000. The money was initially set aside to
rebuild a trail along Alpine Road, between Portola Valley and Menlo Park, in San
Mateo County.

The San Mateo County Board of Supervisors, however, rejected the funds last
year, and they were returned to Santa Clara County.

In the spring, Santa Clara County Supervisor Liz Kniss proposed using the money
to help build the Adobe Creek overcrossing and complete a segment of the Bay
Trail in East Palo Alto.

But scores of Stanford residents objected to the idea, arguing that the funds
should be spent on trail projects with more direct benefits to those who call
the campus home.

In response, the Santa Clara County Board of Supervisors agreed to take
proposals for projects that meet both the needs of Stanford residents and
community members who use campus recreational facilities. University and city
officials have since developed the so-called "Stanford and Palo Alto Trail
Program: Connecting the Bay to Ridge."

"Staff believes that the five link elements of the Stanford and Palo Alto Trail
Program meet the goals of the grant program more competitively together than if
the links were submitted as separate stand-alone-proposals," Rodriguez wrote in
his report to the city council.

Palo Alto won't be getting as much for the Adobe Creek overcrossing as it would
under Kniss' proposal, but $4 million is enough to complete the design work and
set the city up to pursue other grants, according to the report. The bridge
would provide year-round access to the Baylands, replacing a tunnel that is
closed during the rainy season.

While the overcrossing represents the major linkage for Palo Alto, new trails
along Junipero Serra Boulevard, Stanford Avenue and El Camino Real are the core
focus for Stanford.

Altogether, the "Stanford Perimeter Trail" would connect the S1 trail, which was
constructed as part of the expansion agreement, and the popular Dish trail to El
Camino Real as well as tie into the Stanford Shopping Center, Palo Alto Transit
Center and El Camino Park.

"The Stanford Perimeter Trail," Rodriguez wrote, "is of significant benefit to
Palo Alto residents and other community members."

The city council is scheduled to meet at 7 p.m. today in the council chambers,
250 Hamilton Ave.

Email Jason Green atjgreen@dailynewsgroup.com ; follow him
attwitter.com/jgreendailynews .

LOAD-DATE: September 4, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2012 San Jose Mercury News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              807 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            January 12, 2016 Tuesday

New York: Huge Wins for Arts and Nonprofits in Proposed Year-End Deal!

LENGTH: 855  words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Albany: League of American Orchestras has issued the following news release:



 Early this morning, Congress released the details of an FY16 funding agreement,
and an accompanying package of tax provisions that include support for three key
policy requests advanced by orchestras and the broader arts and nonprofit
community.





     The IRA Charitable Rollover provision would be reinstated and made
permanent. This would end the on-again, off-again cycle of expiration of this
provision, and result in significant increases in charitable contributions to
orchestras and the full array of nonprofit organizations.

     Funding for the National Endowment for Arts would grow by $2 million - the
first funding increase since cuts to the NEA budget in FY12.

     Funding for the Arts in Education program at the U.S. Department of
Education would increase by $2 million, providing new resources for competitive
grants.



 Orchestras have tirelessly advocated - in partnership with other arts
organizations and nonprofits - for the support of these key provisions, asking
Congress to #Act4Good to make charitable giving incentives permanent, and for
restoration of federal funding for the arts and arts education.



 We're not done just yet. The House and Senate still must take final action on
these provisions, likely by the end of this week. The League will inform
orchestras as soon as the status of IRA Rollover provision is officially
confirmed. Thank you!



 League submits comments to IRS opposing substantiation proposal



 Comments filed by the League to the Internal Revenue Service (IRS) today
reflect the serious concerns of orchestras and contributors, asserting that
proposed alternative procedures for documenting donations would result in
decreases in charitable giving and increased administrative costs. In October,
the League informed orchestras that the IRS had published proposed regulations
regarding the requirements for acknowledging charitable contributions. The
regulations would establish a new voluntary process for nonprofits to file an
alternative information return to the IRS by February 28 each year, and give a
copy of the record of the donation by that date to each contributor of $250 or
more to substantiate the contribution. The return submitted to the IRS would
require the nonprofit to collect donors' Social Security numbers or tax
identification numbers, making nonprofits more vulnerable to data theft and
placing a chilling effect on donations. In addition to the League's comments,
dozens of orchestras filed comments directly to the IRS, and the League joined
the broader nonprofit community in opposing the proposal. We will keep you
informed of further developments.



 Visa petitioners: be aware of delays and extra security measures



 Orchestras that engage foreign guest artists should be aware of substantial
processing delays at the U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services (USCIS)
service centers. This might force some orchestra to consider paying for the
Premium Processing Service (PPS) to ensure an artist's arrival in time for
performances. Also, enhanced security measures make it advisable for petitioners
to take extra steps to make certain artists are prepared for Customs and Border
Protection processing on arrival in the U.S. The League provides visa and tax
assistance relating to foreign guest artists throughout the year and continues
to work in Washington to improve artist visa policies. Please consult our
website, artistsfromabroad.org, for up-to-date guidance and be in touch with the
D.C. office with any questions.



 NEA announces Creativity Connects pilot grant opportunity



 As part of its 50th anniversary initiative, this week the NEA announced
Creativity Connects - a new pilot grant program that intends to show how the
arts are central to the country's creativity ecosystem, investigate how support
systems for the arts have changed, explore how the arts connect with other
industries, and invest in innovative projects to spark new ideas for the arts
field. Art Works: Creativity Connects grants will support partnerships between
arts organizations and organizations from non-arts sectors that include
business, education, environment, faith, finance, food, health, law, science,
technology, and more. For eligible applicants, this new grant category may offer
an "extra" opportunity of support from the NEA. An organization may submit an
application to Art Works: Creativity Connects in addition to a grant application
that has already been submitted for FY16, and is still eligible to submit an
FY17 application to other NEA categories, including the other areas of Art Works
and Challenge America. The application deadline is March 2, 2016, and funded
projects would begin after January 1, 2017. The NEA provides a special FAQ page
and offers registration for a guidelines workshop taking place in late January
2016. Be sure to note all NEA grant application deadlines, and stay tuned for
updated tips for preparing your NEA grant application.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: January 13, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              808 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             March 27, 2017 Monday

Vote for your favorite Seattle parks project this Earth Month

LENGTH: 705  words

DATELINE: New York



 Seattle: City of Seattle, The State of Washington has issued the following news
release:



  Through an initiative called "Meet Me At The Park," one of three local parks
and recreation projects will receive a $20,000 grant - and Seattleites get to
choose which one.





 This Earth Month, the National Recreation and Park Association (NRPA) is
collaborating with The Walt Disney Company, including Disney Citizenship,
Disney|ABC Television Group and ESPN, to revitalize parks across the U.S.
including projects right here in Seattle through Meet Me At The Park - an
initiative that gives back to the places that shape so much of our lives.



 Seattle Parks and Recreation aims to make Seattle a better place to live by
providing places and programs that encourage people to be healthy and connect
with their community, while supporting a healthy environment. That's why from
April 1 to April 30 we're asking residents to vote on which project they'd like
to see receive $20,000 in grant funding.



 "Thank you to the National Recreation and Park Association and the Walt Disney
Company for this wonderful opportunity, and for supporting park and recreation
projects that encourage Seattleites to explore open spaces and to better connect
with their communities in vibrant and healthy ways," said Seattle Parks and
Recreation Superintendent Jesús Aguirre.



 The project choices are:



     Connecting kids to nature at Carkeek Park: This project will restore a
vital environmental education connection trail between the salmon-bearing creek
in Carkeek Park and the Viewlands Elementary School that sits adjacent to the
park. The project will connect kids to nature by rebuilding and rerouting parts
of the trail to provide safe, equitable access for the school and the
surrounding community. You can vote for this project starting April 1 by texting
carkeek to 35350.*

     Urban Fresh Food Collective: The Urban Fresh Food Collective is a
partnership between community-based organizations and Seattle Parks and
Recreation to develop local foodshed leadership and workforce opportunities,
enhance community health, and increase access to fresh, culturally relevant
food. This project will support five community leaders in receiving stipends for
their roles mentoring and instructing a team of youth in hands-on growing of
food, and bringing it to market and table. You can vote for this project
starting April 1 by texting urbanfresh to 35350.*

     Rock the Park at Magnuson Park: Rock the Park is a program that enriches
the lives of formerly homeless youth living at Solid Ground Housing at Magnuson
Park. The program focuses on healthy living and offers youth a variety of
activities including nutrition classes, nature walks, field trips, rock
climbing, tennis lessons, sailing and more. You can vote for this project
starting April 1 by texting magnuson to 35350.*







 By visiting NRPA.org/BeInspired, you can vote daily for your favorite park
project. At the end of April, the park project with the most votes will receive
grant funding. New this year, everyone who votes will be entered into a drawing
for a tablet outfitted for the outdoors.



 "Supporting local parks is essential to the health and vitality of communities
everywhere," said Lori Robertson, NRPA Director of Conservation. "That's why we
are proud to collaborate with The Walt Disney Company to help fund critical park
improvement projects in communities in need. We encourage everyone to join us in
giving back to the places that shape so much of our lives by voting in this
year's Meet Me at the Park campaign."



 Last year, the public voted for Climb, Hike and Restore at Camp Long to win
$20,000. With that funding, Seattle Parks and Recreation brought ten different
elementary school third grade classes to Camp Long for a field trip of rock
climbing, hiking and a service-learning project.



 This Earth Month, show how parks revitalize your community and vote to improve
local parks right here in Seattle. Encourage your friends to vote too by taking
a selfie in your favorite park and using the hashtags #MeetMeAtThePark, #Parkies
and #BeInspired.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:  editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: March 28, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2017 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              809 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               Chester Chronicle

                               November 11, 2010
                                 County Edition

pounds 1.25m for rural firms

BYLINE: Rian Boden

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 27

LENGTH: 200 words


VISIT Chester and Cheshire, has successfully secured funds to allow rural
businesses across the county the benefit from pounds 1,250,000 worth of funds.

The funding, from the Rural Development Programme England (RDPE), is available
to rural accommodation providers through two grant schemes delivered by Visit
Chester and Cheshire-Tourism Vitality and Tourism Connect.

Tourism Vitality offers grants of up to pounds 10,000 to events and attractions
in order to help improve signage, visitor welcome and facilities, to provide
additional visitor experiences or make energy saving investments. Tourism
Connect offers grants between pounds 25,000 to pounds 60,000 in order to help
drive up interior design and accommodation standards and raise business
performance.

Potential projects undertaken with the support of the grant could include
capital investment in bathroom or bedroom upgrades or major improvements to
dining, lounge, conference or reception areas.

Tracey Pearson, project manager for both schemes, said: "The two tourism
projects represent an excellent opportunity for Cheshire's rural businesses to
increase their competitiveness, improve productivity and enhance visitor
experience."

LOAD-DATE: November 11, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: ch


                           Copyright 2010 MGN Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              810 of 998 DOCUMENTS


           The Evening News and The Tribune (Jeffersonville, Indiana)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                            March 29, 2017 Wednesday

UPDATE: Riverfront park, marina part of Greenway enhancement project in New
Albany

BYLINE: Elizabeth Beilman, The Evening News and the Tribune, Jeffersonville,
Ind.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 801 words


March 29--NEW ALBANY -- The Horseshoe Foundation of Floyd County announced
Tuesday a $5 million contribution to the city of New Albany aimed at enhancing
the riverfront and the downtown commercial area.

Horseshoe Foundation board members signed the grant during the announcement at
the Riverfront Amphitheater.

"This is a huge day for our city and all the people that work here and call this
place our home," Mayor Jeff Gahan said.

Half of the contribution will go toward improvements along the Ohio River
Greenway, including public park amenities at the Loop Island Wetlands and on the
western-most portion of the trail near 10th Street. Work will begin next year
and in in early 2019.

The other $2.5 million will fund downtown beautification projects, including
historic building facade improvements of businesses and renovations of the
Riverfront Amphitheater overlook.

The foundation refinanced its bonds on the YMCA of Greater Louisville Floyd
County branch, which allowed them to purchase another $5 million in bonds for
the projects announced Tuesday.

"It's been a long process," Horseshoe Foundation board president Mark Seabrook
said. "Everybody had different opinions, and we finally got them concise enough
to identify certain areas that we wanted to work with and then compromised,
which is the way it should be."

GREENWAY IMPROVEMENTS

New Albany has purchased property through a mutual agreement with QRS Recycling,
which will relocate to make way for a 43 acres of riverfront campgrounds and a
marina. Seabrook said the $5 million contribution did not go toward the city's
acquisition costs.

The park will feature sites for RV and tent camping, with playground and picnic
areas. It will also host boat ramps and slips, a canoe and kayak launch and a
boathouse.

A plant manager for QRS did not return a voicemail left around noon Tuesday by
press time.

Floyd County's eastern most portion of the greenway is the Loop Island Wetlands,
which will be improved with the help of the Horseshoe grant.

A community center will locate along Main Street in front of the wetlands, a
50-acre natural wetlands setting. The city has purchased The Moser Leather Co.
property, which will host the new center. Remediation to the property must be
complete before it's ready for redevelopment.

Interpretative overlooks and trails are also in the plans for the wetlands
improvements.

The two projects will bookend Floyd County's portion of the Ohio River Greenway,
a 7-mile multi-use path meant to connect New Albany, Clarksville and
Jeffersonville while opening up access to the Ohio River traditionally blocked
by floodwalls.

Both parks will connect directly to the Greenway trail and will serve as public
amenities beyond the scope of the Greenway's federal funds.

"Very soon, you'll be able to leave New Albany and walk or ride your bike all
the way to Jeffersonville, which connects to the riverfront, which connects to
going across the Big Four [Bridge]," Mayor Jeff Gahan said. "It's a wonderful
way to connect the communities, and everyone can enjoy the riverfront for nature
purposes as well as health purposes."

DOWNTOWN IMPROVEMENTS

Market Street in downtown New Albany will receive a facelift thanks to a portion
of the Horseshoe grant.

Tentative plans call for a denser tree canopy, enhanced crosswalks and
decorative pavers.

The goal is to beautify the streetscape and maintain its historic aesthetics
while encouraging pedestrian accessibility and safety.

Businesses in historic buildings will have the opportunity to receive funds for
exterior facade grants. The businesses will also pitch in some of the
restoration funds, so they have "some skin in the game," Seabrook said.

"These dollars will help maintain and preserve the historic nature of New
Albany," Gahan said.

Tammy Hogan, Develop New Albany President, thinks it's a great resource for
downtown revitalization.

"There were a lot of important people there that believe in the growth of
downtown New Albany," Hogan said of the announcement at the Riverfront
Amphitheater on Tuesday. "And Develop New Albany is just one of the many, many
groups that believes and wants to support it."

Hogan wasn't sure whether businesses have been identified to receive the grants
yet.

"The one thing I've very proud to say is because of a culmination of many things
is, there aren't very many businesses that will need it like there were five
years ago," she said.

The Horseshoe grant will also fund renovations of the Riverfront Overlook, which
Seabrook said is "not in the best shape" nor handicap accessible.

The city will either rebuild portions of the structure or replace it entirely.

___ (c)2017 The Evening News and The Tribune (Jeffersonville, Ind.) Visit The
Evening News and The Tribune (Jeffersonville, Ind.) at newsandtribune.com
Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: March 29, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20170329-JB-UPDATE-Riverfront-park-marina-part-of-Greenway-enhancement-project-i
n-New-Albany-0329-20170329

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: JB


                Copyright 2017 The Evening News and The Tribune


                              811 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                            Dayton Daily News (Ohio)

                          November 25, 2015 Wednesday

Greene

SECTION: ; Pg. B3

LENGTH: 429 words


BEAVERCREEK

Pet protection ordinance moves on

A proposed ordinance designed to protect people who damage another person's
vehicle to rescue a pet during extreme weather, moved to a third reading during
the Beavercreek City Council meeting this week.

The ordinance could be the first of its kind in Ohio. Under current laws, a
vehicle owner could file criminal charges against a person who broke into his or
her vehicle to rescue a animal. If the city council approves the legislation,
these individuals would have some protection in Beaver-creek.

If council approves the ordinance during the next meeting, the law could go into
effect as early as January.

For more information, call the City of Beavercreek at 937-426-5100. SHARAHN
BOYKIN

Smartphone app links with Xenia police

Smartphone users can now connect with the Xenia Police Department with the touch
of a button.

The police department recently launched an app that allows users to submit
anonymous tips, access accident reports, view the law enforcement agency's most
wanted and connect with the department on Facebook.

Users can download the app for free from the Apple App store or Google Play.

For more information, call the Xenia Police Department at 937-372-9901. SHARAHN
BOYKIN

XENIA

Foundation grant will back Muse Machine

The Xenia Community Schools Foundation recently awarded nearly $1,700 through a
grant for the Muse Machine initiative at Warner Middle School.

The grant funds will purchase three of five in-school performances for the Muse
Machine project, according to Heather Sage, assistant principal at Warner.

The foundation has awarded more than $25,000 in grants this year.

For information about the XCSF, visit www.xcsfoundation.com, on Facebook at
Xenia Community Schools Foundation or call the Chamber of Commerce at
937-372-3591. STEVEN MATTHEWS

FAIRBORN

History of Patterson Field meeting topic

The public is invited to attend the Fairborn Historical Society's general
membership meeting on Monday, Dec. 7, at 6:30 p.m. at the Fairborn Senior
Citizens Center, 325 N. 3rd St. The meeting will feature a presentation by Paul
Woodruff on the history of Patterson Field.

Paul's presentation will span the history of Patterson Field from its beginning
as Wilbur Wright Field in 1917 until the end of World War II.

The historical society will also bring everyone up to date on activities such as
removing and preserving the mural from the Fairborn Theater, surveying the
remains of Old Osborn and conducting oral histories.

For more information, call 937-878-4865 or email
fairbornhistoricalsociety@gmail.com STAFF REPORT

LOAD-DATE: November 25, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2015 Dayton Newspapers, Inc.


                              812 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          Ocala Star-Banner (Florida)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             April 21, 2013 Sunday

The Centers seeks to connect with patients virtually

BYLINE: Bill Thompson, Ocala Star-Banner, Fla.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 744 words


April 21--The community's leading mental health treatment facility is seeking
federal help to keep patients away, so to speak.

The Centers seeks a grant to help fund a move toward telepsychiatry, wherein
patients could be treated via computer within their own homes or in other
locations.

That would be in lieu of visiting the clinic in person, something many patients
find burdensome, if not troubling, according to Charles R. Powell, executive
director of The Centers.

Powell said the agency wants to apply for an infrastructure grant from the U.S.
Department of Agriculture. The funding would help pay for new computers and
related equipment.

Powell estimated as much as $40,000 would be needed to launch the program. But
it is unclear how much the federal government would have available until the
application is actually submitted, he added.

One component needed to apply is the support of the County Commission.

Powell said the USDA requires the backing of local government as part of a
19-point application checklist.

Commissioner David Moore has advocated in two recent meetings that the board
approve a letter of support.

A draft of the correspondence points out that the sheer size of Marion County,
and the lack of a far-reaching public transportation network, leaves many
low-income residents without regular access to mental health care.

"Research has ... demonstrated that problems of rural and nonmetropolitan areas
are unique and created by low population density, limited economic/employment
opportunities, diverse cultures and levels of poverty. Certainly Marion County
is familiar with these challenges," the draft letter states.

The USDA's grant would help "put important, new technology into place and
provide services to rural residents more effectively and efficiently. These
services are critical to Marion County's positive development and the health
care of rural residents. Specifically, the age of telepsychiatry and e-therapy
is arriving with less expensive technology becoming rapidly available to
implement these services."

So far, the request has stalled because the rest of the commission was
unfamiliar with The Centers' proposal.

On Tuesday, Moore encouraged the rest of the commission to meet with The
Centers' staff to learn more about the project.

Powell said he plans to brief the board individually in the coming week and
believes, given the commission's past support for The Centers, they can be
convinced to OK the letter backing the grant.

In September 2011, The New York Times reported on telepsychiatry, noting it was
increasingly gaining acceptance with mental health professionals -- especially
those with patients in hospitals, prisons, veterans' facilities and rural
clinics. Many patients can be treated in their own living rooms.

All that is needed, typically, is video-conferencing technology so the doctor
and the patient can see each other.

Powell noted that some technology can be configured so the doctor can see the
patient's body, thus picking up on body language rather than simply trying to
analyze a "talking head."

On its website, the American Psychiatric Association observes, "Overall,
telepsychiatry provides increased access to services and has helped enhance the
provision of services to families with children and other patients who are
homebound. Patients participating in telepsychiatry say they are satisfied with
the care they are receiving and that they feel telepsychiatry is a reliable form
of practice."

Powell said during his more than 30 years in the mental health field, the most
common complaints expressed are a lack of access or proper care and inadequate
transportation.

Telepsychiatry, or telemedicine as it is also known, can effectively address
those issues and other concerns, Powell said.

"Studies have shown that a lot of people are more comfortable, especially if
they're very paranoid. They don't have to come into an appointment with loads of
people around and all the bells and whistles going off," he said.

He recalled recently attending a professional conference in Nevada, where the
growth of telepsychiatry dominated much of the discussion.

"I kept hearing, 'If you're not on the train, it's already left the station.'
I'm on this train. I'm just trying to go further," Powell said.

Contact Bill Thompson at 867-4117 or bill.thompson@starbanner.com

___ (c)2013 Ocala Star-Banner (Ocala, Fla.) Visit the Ocala Star-Banner (Ocala,
Fla.) at www.ocala.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: April 23, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20130421-OA-The-Centers-seeks-to-connect
-with-patients-virtually-20130421

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: OA


                        Copyright 2013 Ocala Star-Banner


                              813 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                         Indianapolis Business Journal

                                  May 9, 2005

Helping seniors get online;
Teen-founded organization teaches computer literacy

BYLINE: SCOTT OLSON SOLSON@IBJ.COM

SECTION: FOCUS; Vol. 26; No. 9; Pg. 19

LENGTH: 828 words


Philip Ealy became quite deft at pounding the keys of his manual typewriter
while processing orders during a career in the construction industry. But when
his son gave him a laptop, the gap in technology was too great to overcome.

So the 88-year-old resident of Manor Care at Summertrace in Carmel enrolled in a
computer class at the independent living facility offered by an upstart
not-for-profit known as Senior Connects.

The thrust of Senior Connects' mission to promote computer literacy among
central Indiana's aging population is supported by the local elder care
community. But the organization is garnering national acclaim as well, thanks to
its teen-age founder, Daniel Kent.

The 16-year-old sophomore at Brebeuf Jesuit Preparatory School launched Senior
Connects while finishing the eighth grade, an age when most adolescents are
preoccupied with video games or skateboards.

Kent's uncanny intellect earned him a trip to the Big Apple in April to collect
a $ 5,000 scholarship and a $ 5,000 grant from New York-based Do Something. The
youth-oriented association presented Kent and eight colleagues with its Brick
Award, dubbed by CNN as the Oscars of youth service. Earlier this month, he
traveled to Washington, D.C., to collect a $ 10,000 scholarship as a winner of
the Prudential Spirit of Community Award.

Kent and his brood of volunteers visit facilities on Saturday afternoons to
offer a full entree of computer classes. They also bring computers that have
been donated to the organization and refurbished by the youngsters. Senior
Connects also receives some corporate and private funding.

Senior Connects has brought Internet access to roughly 70 facilities in the
central Indiana region and has taught computer courses to more than 150 seniors,
including Ealy.

I got a lot out of it, he said. The kids do a beautiful job, and they're very
patient with the older people.

Ealy's education included learning how to send and receive e-mail, which
interests a lot of seniors, Kent said.

We teach everything from word processing to browsing the Internet and sending
e-mails, he said. They most enjoy receiving e-mails from their family,
especially [from] their grandchildren, if they have any.

The Carmel teen's idea for Senior Connects sprang from his time as an
instructional aide in a computer class at the Carmel Clay Public Library.
Following one session, a participant relayed to Kent how much he enjoyed the
course and how he had a friend at a retirement home who wanted to learn about
computers to communicate with his grandchildren.

Senior Connects since has recruited student volunteers who hail from several
Indianapolis-area schools, including private institutions such as Brebeuf, The
Orchard School and Our Lady of Mount Carmel. North Central High School and
University High School in Carmel are both considering becoming a part of Senior
Connects, Kent said.

Schools in Pike and Warren townships are using methods instituted by the
not-for-profit to teach seniors computer skills in those areas of the city.
Senior Connects wants to offer its lesson plans to schools worldwide, because
computer literacy for senior citizens is a global issue, Kent said.

The number of seniors using computers, though, continues to grow as the nation's
population ages. A February 2004 survey conducted by the Pew Internet & American
Life Network found 22 percent of Americans age 65 and older have Internet
access, up from 15 percent in 2000. The number translates to 8 million people,
according to the study.

Julie Boone, director of resident services at the Forum at the Crossing center,
can vouch for the statistics. Sixteen years ago, when she began working at the
facility, few residents had computers. Now, more new arrivals are packing PCs
with them. Those who don't have computers can learn on the few furnished by the
facility that have been refurbished by Senior Connects.

The Forum at the Crossing was the first independent- or assisted-living center
to partner with Senior Connects.

He's always been so grateful that we gave him a chance, Boone said of Kent. But
we've always been grateful for his help.

The local Older Adult Services and Information Systems organization, known as
OASIS, has computer labs at Glendale and Washington Square malls and has offered
classes for five years. Melony Barney, director of the OASIS computer lab, said
the organization began offering the courses because older adults generally feel
more comfortable if they're in a class with those of similar age.

Many want to surf the Internet to research medications, and to correspond with
family through e-mail, Barney said.

While seniors have become more acclimated to computers, they're also discovering
all is not perfect in the world of technology.

Ealy at Manor Care, for instance, can still use the computers at the facility.
But he gave his laptop to a grandson because he said his fingers were too big
for the keys.

LOAD-DATE: May 19, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                         Copyright 2005 IBJ Corporation


                              814 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                The Western Mail

                             June 4, 2014 Wednesday
                                   Edition 1;
                                National Edition

£150,000 grant creates 13 new posts at centre

SECTION: BUSINESS IN WALES;BUSINESS; Pg. 3

LENGTH: 426 words


A NANTGARW contact centre has been awarded a £150,000 grant from the Wales
Economic Growth Fund, creating 13 jobs.

Connect Assist, a specialist supplier of helplines and digital services for
charity and third sector organisations, has received the Welsh Government grant
to support its expansion.

The Wales Economic Growth Fund is a Welsh Government initiative, set up to
provide businesses and social enterprises with fast-track access to finance,
encouraging business growth.

It has been awarded to the social enterprise in order to create 13 jobs,
bringing staff numbers to 104. Connect Assist will also invest in a cloud-based
telephone system to improve its employees' access to working from home.

Flexible working is a priority for the social business. 20% of its workforce
have enduring health conditions and the company is seeking ways to support more
people in sustainable jobs by providing more flexibility in working
arrangements. An internal survey found 82% of staff believe joining the company
has had a positive impact on their lives.

This investment has been central to the latest phase of the company's expansion.
It has recently acquired a second site in Britannia House, Caerphilly Business
Park. The contact centre now has 94 contact centre staff and managers, with room
for further growth.

Connect Assist works with a number of high profile charities and public sector
organisations, including The Royal British Legion, Network Rail and Barnardo's,
with turnover up to £3.6m per year.

Patrick Nash, CEO of Connect Assist, said: "We are thrilled to have successfully
secured a significant grant from the Wales Economic Growth Fund, allowing us to
create more jobs in the area.

"As a social business, we are strongly committed to creating employment and
up-skilling the local area. When we established Connect Assist, we deliberately
targeted Nantgarw as our location because of the empathetic nature and skill-set
in the community.

"This grant is a well timed financial push for us, in a period where we are
experiencing steady growth with new contract wins and an office expansion. We
already have plans to build on our successful team and to continue to create new
jobs in South Wales.

"As well as creating jobs, we are upgrading our telephony systems and
infrastructure, providing more access to those requiring flexible working to
manage their work and home-life balance. A number of our staff members have care
responsibilities and enduring health conditions, so this grant will help us
improve the technology that helps them work flexibly."

LOAD-DATE: June 4, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: WWM


                    Copyright 2014 Western Mail and Echo Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                              815 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            December 8, 2015 Tuesday

Wisconsin: Creating pathways: connecting American Indian students to health
professions

LENGTH: 1229 words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Madison: University of Wisconsin Madison, The State of Wisconsin has issued the
following news release:



 In the past three years, the number of applications from American Indian
students to the School of Medicine and Public Health has exploded, increasing by
250 percent. This increase coincides with the creation of the UW-Native American
Center for Health Professions (NACHP), a relatively new program established to
connect American Indian students to careers in health care.


 Melissa Metoxen, community and academic support coordinator and member of the
Oneida Nation of Wisconsin, believes that this connection is critically needed.



 &ldquo;American Indian people are the least represented group in health
professions out of all the underrepresented groups in Wisconsin,&rdquo; she
says. &ldquo;Most of our tribal communities in Wisconsin fall within health
professional shortage areas [HPSA]." The 2014 Indian Health Service report also
shows American Indian people experience disproportionately substandard health
conditions than the rest of the general U.S. population.



 In the last several years, NACHP and the School of Nursing have been working to
address these disparities. Together these groups are collaborating to break down
barriers that deter American Indian students from pursuing careers in health
fields with the larger vision of improving the health and wellness of American
Indian communities in Wisconsin.



 &ldquo;Our goal is to transform UW-Madison into the gateway for Native American
entrance to health professions,&rdquo; says Metoxen, who joined NACHP shortly
after it was created to help expand outreach to prospective students and serve
as an advisor to currently enrolled students.
 One of the major initiatives led by Metoxen was strengthening partnerships with
Wisconsin tribal communities. Through this effort, NACHP has collaborated with
several tribes to create opportunities for students to complete their clinical
experience, internships and rotations at Indian Health Service Clinics located
on reservations in Wisconsin. Just this fall, a fourth-year medical student
completed her six-week preceptorship at the Oneida Community Health Center.



 According to Dr. Erik Brodt, founder and former director of NACHP, Metoxen has
played a central role in the department's growth. &ldquo;She fuels students'
success by providing excellent guidance, encouragement and mentorship,&rdquo; he
says. &ldquo;We have seen an unprecedented increase in Native American health
professional students, and she is the reason.&rdquo;



 Metoxen has also expanded outreach to prospective students in tribal
communities. One of her most successful strategies has been to utilize NACHP's
digital mentoring website, called We Are Healers. The website showcases short,
engaging videos of American Indian people working in health professions and
provides a behind-the-scenes look at their jobs. These stories help American
Indian students explore health fields and connect to mentorship tools and
resources.



 Although NACHP's efforts have proven successful, Dr. Audrey Tluczek, an
associate professor of nursing, says there is still one significant gap in the
health professions recruited: nursing. The five-year IHS INMED grant that funds
part of NACHP's efforts expressly excludes this profession due to separate
funding available for nursing through other federal organizations.



 &ldquo;Nurses represent the largest workforce not only in tribal clinics, but
nationwide, so it's a logical starting place if you want to improve the cultural
sensitivity of health care,&rdquo; says Tluczek, adding that even the
reservation health clinics are staffed by a non-Native majority. &ldquo;Nurses
tend to have the most interaction with patients, and only 0.4 percent of
Wisconsin nurses identify as being American Indian or Alaska Natives.&rdquo;



 Tluczek first became involved when the Great Lakes Inter-tribal Council (GLITC)
began a survey of nursing practices in Indian country. The results were
troubling. According to the project's report, there was evidence of cultural
biases, lack of understanding about American Indian culture and lack of
knowledge about the health disparities among American Indian people in
Wisconsin.



 GLITC reached out to Tluczek, who was then the chair of the Equity and
Diversity Committee for the School of Nursing, to work on a Wisconsin
Partnership grant to address these issues. &ldquo;Ineffective communication,
biases and misunderstanding can have unintended consequences, such as
misdiagnoses or inadequate treatment,&rdquo; Tluczek says. She also points out
that if a patient is dissatisfied with the relationship with their healthcare
provider, it could lead to an avoidance of seeking health care.
 GLITC was awarded the grant, &ldquo;Increasing Cultural Congruence among Nurses
in Wisconsin,&rdquo; and initiated a series of &ldquo;talking circles&rdquo; at
four Indian Health Service Clinics and one in Milwaukee.



 &ldquo;Traditional talking circles have been used by indigenous cultures of
North American as a way of addressing important issues, educating and problem
solving,&rdquo; says Tluczek. Based on the results gathered from pre and post
evaluations, the series was a great success. Participating nurses reported a
significant improvement in their understanding of American Indian culture,
recognition of discrimination and racial bias and a greater appreciation for the
value of incorporating traditional American Indian culture into their work.



 The grant also allowed GLITC and the School of Nursing, along with NACHP to
host the Native Nations Nursing Summit this last November, where over 100
nurses, college and high school students, university advisors, tribal educators,
counselors and community members came together to discuss issues and brainstorm
solutions surrounding American Indian access to nursing careers.



 Tluczek is also awaiting news of a recently submitted grant proposal for a
program named STREAM, Success Through Retention, Engagement and Mentoring for
American Indian Students Pursuing Nursing Careers. STREAM would allow the School
of Nursing to collaborate with Metoxen and NACHP to create a pathway from
American Indian communities to the profession of nursing.



 Mel Freitag, director of diversity initiatives in the School of Nursing
co-wrote the grant with Tluczek and emphasizes that the feeling of belonging is
key to academic success. The grant would provide a structured cohort or a
supportive community of peers for American Indian students to rely on. The
cohorts would work closely together and meet during monthly talking circles
facilitated by Metoxen and NACHP. Freitag also plans to continue efforts to
ensure American Indian students are engaged with UW-Madison advisors and NACHP
faculty who can connect them to resources and opportunities and assess bigger
picture academic and career goal as they plan for graduation.



 Tluczek hopes that the program would eventually lead to more American Indian
graduate students, faculty, and staff on campus. &ldquo;We want to see more
American Indian leaders and role models,&rdquo; says Tluczek. &ldquo;Diversity
is the path to excellence in education and would ultimately improve the quality
of our teaching.&rdquo;



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com



LOAD-DATE: December 8, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              816 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                            Pittsburgh Post-Gazette

                           February 1, 2017 Wednesday
                                 SOONER EDITION

TEENAGE ENTREPRENEURS  TO PITCH THEIR BUSINESS IDEAS;
EVENT PART OF CLASS  AT PERRY HIGH SCHOOL

BYLINE: Lacretia Wimbley, Pittsburgh Post-Gazette

SECTION: LOCAL; Pg. B-1

LENGTH: 516 words


Several young entrepreneurs will pitch their ideas - from starting a store at
Pittsburgh Perry High School to building a basketball court in Brighton Heights
to teaching financial literacy - Thursday night at a North Side event.

The entrepreneurs are high school students at Perry, and the event is part of a
class aimed at teaching them how to put ideas into action and connect them to
professionals who can help them in their North Side neighborhoods.

The Introduction to Entrepreneurship class started last week. Students work with
Northside Narratives, an organization that has tied the class to professionals,
the Community College of Allegheny County and funding. Students will receive a
grade that goes toward their high school GPA, three college credits from CCAC,
class mentorship and $1,000 mini-grants for their business ventures from ONE
Northside, a United Way agency. The Buhl Foundation is also backing the program.

"There's something very special about Perry, the students and staff," said
Victoria Snyder of Northside Narratives. "When you walk in the doors it feels
like home." She said the impetus for the program was "to empower the students
and create catalytic partnerships in the North Side community."

Some students, she said, "are told that they won't succeed and some of them come
from homes where they're not taught to think that they have what it takes." Ms.
Snyder said. The mentors and support will help the students and their teachers,
she said.

Students were told to come up with pitches that would make use of the mini-
grants to benefit the neighborhood; 40 of them were chosen.

They will make presentations on their community-building projects Thursday from
5 to 7 p.m. at Alloy 26, a community co-working space at Nova Place on the North
Side. The event is open to the public.

The idea is to connect students with professionals in the community who can
assist with their business ventures, said Harry Johnson II, director of the
Northside Narratives project and community manager for BMe Pittsburgh, a
community building network for black men.

"There are students who want to create support groups for young girls centered
on self-empowerment and self-image," Mr. Johnson said.

"There's a student who wants to develop a school store to increase attendance in
school. There's another student who wants to start a fundraising initiative to
help bring back Perry alumni and be more engaged in school culture and help
increase current school pride within students. There's financial literacy ideas,
and there are even three students who have teamed together to build up a
basketball court in Brighton Heights."

In addition to pitches, the students are writing business plans and marketing
strategies, Ms. Snyder said.

"The mentorship we're offering is coming from the mayor's office, it's coming
from Perry teachers, it's coming from the Pittsburgh community, it's coming from
BMe brothers here and in other cities," she said.

"There's at least 100 people behind us and this is truly a community action. We
are taking and creating partnerships that have never come together before."

LOAD-DATE: February 2, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES: Lacretia Wimbley: lwimbley@post-gazette.com or 412-268-1898.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2017 P.G. Publishing Co.


                              817 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                   The Times-Tribune (Scranton, Pennsylvania)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                            December 18, 2015 Friday

Lackawanna Heritage Valley awards mini-grants

BYLINE: Jeff Horvath, The Times-Tribune, Scranton, Pa.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 489 words


Dec. 18--A student-run worm farm designed to reduce waste through composting is
one of several projects made possible by grant funding from a local
organization.

The Lackawanna Heritage Valley awarded six $500 educational mini-grants Thursday
during its holiday open house. The six proposals selected span a variety of
disciplines, from a nature walk series that introduces students to the plants
and creatures of the Scranton area, to a comprehensive study of railroad songs
and literature meant to connect students with the area's past.

"We provide the grants for these projects because they get students more
familiar with the Lackawanna Heritage Valley and make them good ambassadors for
our area," said Julia Munley, chairwoman of the board for the Lackawanna
Heritage Valley Authority.

Fell Charter Elementary School teacher Jamie Seymour, who proposed the worm
farm, said her students are excited to do a hands-on project.

"We are a project-based school and can make $500 go a long way," Ms. Seymour
said. "Students from kindergarten through eighth grade will work together on
this, and we are very excited."

Educators from the region and other local cultural organizations can apply for
mini-grants for their projects, which must meet core curriculum standards and
connect students with the region's heritage, the environment or the Lackawanna
River.

Wallenpaupack South Elementary teacher Lizabeth Conklin, whose community service
farm-to-table project will have students growing and donating vegetables to the
Wayne and Pike Food Pantries, said she was "extremely appreciative" of the
grant.

"These programs give teachers the opportunity to dream and to say, 'If I can get
this grant, what can I do?'"Ms. Conklin said. "This is a phenomenal program that
allows the students to do hands-on projects that give them the opportunity to
collaborate, think critically and use their imaginations."

Counting the six grants awarded Thursday, the LHV has awarded 91 educational
mini-grants -- totaling $45,500 -- in 11 years.

Contact the writer:

jhorvath@timesshamrock.com,

@jhorvathTT on Twitter

The grants

go to ...

Receiving $500 educational mini-grants Thursday were:

-- Jamie Seymour, middle school science teacher at the Fell Charter School,
recycling and composting project.

-- Jane Risse, executive director of the Greenhouse Project, Scranton, nature
walk series.

-- Kimberly Gnall, elementary music educator at Neil Armstrong Elementary,
Scranton, railroad songs and literature project.

-- Buford T. Lively, principal, NEIU Achievement Academy, educational Dixieland
music

performance.

-- Lisa Kozlowski, Valley Community Library, developing Lackawanna River
Heritage Trail

signage.

-- Lizabeth Conklin, kindergarten teacher at Wallenpaupack South Elementary,
growing vegetables for food banks.

___ (c)2015 The Times-Tribune (Scranton, Pa.) Visit The Times-Tribune (Scranton,
Pa.) at thetimes-tribune.com Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: December 24, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20151218-YT-Lackawanna-Heritage-Valley-awards-mini-grants-1218-20151218

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: YT


                        Copyright 2015 The Times-Tribune


                              818 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                        The Atlanta Journal-Constitution

                      March 1, 2001 Thursday, Home Edition

Grants made to foster 'smart growth'

BYLINE: John McCosh

SOURCE: AJC

SECTION: Metro News; Pg. 3D

LENGTH: 380 words


The Atlanta Regional Commission on Wednesday awarded $1 million worth of grants
to 10 communities as part of a program to promote "smart growth."

Called the Livable Centers Initiative, the program, now in its second year, is
designed to focus attention on areas that could become more walkable,
transit-oriented or less car-dependent.

After the organizations produce a study, they are eligible to apply for grants
to implement the plan. About $350 million in federal funds is available for
groups or governments that come up with a 20 percent local match.

"I come from local government, so I have a realistic view of what this can do,"
said Dan Reuter, who heads the initiative for ARC and is a former Douglas County
planner. "You'd be surprised at how this gets people moving."

The grant winners, amounts and study subjects are:

Acworth, $67,500 --- how to make the downtown more walkable and to identify
opportunities for affordable housing.

Central Atlanta Progress, $120,000 --- how to better connect and promote
redevelopment of the Old Fourth Ward east of downtown.

Central Perimeter Community Improvement District, $95,000 --- identify
opportunities for a transit-oriented development in the Perimeter Mall area.

Cumberland Community Improvement District, $90,000 --- identify housing
opportunities for various income groups in the Cumberland Mall area and how to
connect those areas to the business district.

Forest Park, $50,000 --- how to turn the downtown into a transportation plaza to
capitalize on a planned commuter rail route.

Gwinnett County, $90,000 --- how mixed use development and transit can be
promoted in the Duluth area north of I-85 and Ga. 316.

Hapeville, $60,000 --- link housing with employment opportunities in an area
known as the Old Second Ward.

Norcross, $67,500 --- how to add housing to the shops and restaurants on the
town square.

Northlake Community Alliance, $90,000 --- how to make transportation work better
in the Northlake Mall area and change land use policies there.

Buckhead Transportation Management Association, $70,000 --- compile the results
of past studies to reach consensus among business and community groups with a
vision for the area.

LOAD-DATE: March 01, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                    Copyright 2001 The Atlanta Constitution


                              819 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                        Pocono Record, Stroudsburg, Pa.

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                           September 28, 2015 Monday

Loans, grants available for sewer hook-up in Pocono and Hamilton townships

BYLINE: David Pierce, Pocono Record, Stroudsburg, Pa.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 287 words


Sept. 28--Financial help is available for lower-income older residents who are
required to connect to the central sewer project in Pocono and Hamilton
townships.

Some residents along the routes 611 and 715 corridor said during public meetings
on the project last year that they couldn't afford the thousands of dollars
required to connect from their homes to the main sewer line along the road.
Others said they couldn't afford the $100 monthly service fee, either, Pocono
Township Commissioner Jerry Lastowski said.

Lastowski said he called several local, state and federal government officials
about what could be done to help them.

"I finally hit pay dirt when I called Senator (Bob) Casey's office," Lastowski
said.

Staff for the Pennsylvania Democrat identified a U.S. Department of Agriculture
504 Loan Program for low-income residents who are at least age 62, Lastowski
said. Eligible residents can obtain a $20,000 loan at 1 percent interest, with
20-year repayment terms.

Homeowners at least age 62 who are in extreme poverty also might qualify for
$7,500 federal grants toward the cost of connecting to the line.

More information on those programs is available by contacting Pocono Township
Manager Gregg Schuster at the municipal building, Lastowski said.

"Some of the people need as much help as they can get," Lastowski said. "I hope
they take advantage of it."

For those who either aren't eligible or don't want to participate in a
government program, First Keystone Community Bank identified a low-interest
private loan for $1,000 to $10,000, he said.

___ (c)2015 the Pocono Record, Stroudsburg, Pa. Visit the Pocono Record,
Stroudsburg, Pa. at http://www.poconorecord.com/ Distributed by Tribune Content
Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: September 29, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20150928-1PO-Loans-grants
-available-for-sewer-hook-up-in-Pocono-and-Hamilton-townships-0928-20150928

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1PO


                                 Copyright 2015


                              820 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                              Cessnock Advertiser

                               September 3, 2013

SECTION: COMMUNITY

LENGTH: 273  words


Hunter TAFE's Cessnock campus will host the Cessnock Community Connect Day on
Wednesday, September 11, connecting people to assistance and jobs.

The event is an initiative of the Cessnock Learning and Employment Options
(CLEO) committee and aims to bridge the gap between local job seekers, the
community and service providers, to make it easier for people to access the
support they need to get them on track to employment.

People attending on the day will have access to employment service providers;
training opportunities; the Department of Human Services; identification
services and birth certificates; tax file numbers and advice on lodging tax
returns and support to manage and deal with penalty fines.

The inaugural Cessnock Community Connect was held in October last year at
Cessnock Leagues Club, who has continued to support the event with a $750 grant.

Cessnock Community Connect chairperson Barry Miller said the committee decided
to move this year's event to a more neutral, public area on the TAFE grounds and
has added live music, indigenous dancers and a free sausage sizzle to the
program.

The event will run from 10.30am to 1.30pm.

Member for Hunter Joel Fitzgibbon said the event plays an important role in
supporting the Cessnock community.

'Our unemployment rate is low but there are still many who face particular
challenges in securing work,' Mr. Fitzgibbon said.

'Community Connect is an important initiative, putting job seekers in touch with
employers and those who can help secure employment.

'I congratulate Hunter TAFE for its commitment and thank its people on the
initiative. I encourage people to become involved.'

LOAD-DATE: September 04, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


             Copyright 2013 Fairfax Media Publications Pty. Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              821 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          The Tampa Tribune (Florida)

                            August 28, 2007 Tuesday
                                 FINAL EDITION

Bay Area Health Care Vying To Go Digital

BYLINE: CAROL GENTRY, The Tampa Tribune

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. 6

LENGTH: 392 words


PRIZE HELPS LAUNCH ELECTRONIC RECORDS

By CAROL GENTRY

The Tampa Tribune

The Tampa Bay area has been notified that it's a finalist in a competition for
medical software with a retail value of $3 million.

The other finalist, out of about 70 applicants, is San Jose, Calif., home of
Silicon Valley. The winner is to be announced next month.

The prize would be enough to connect about 600 local doctors to one another and
to a regional health information system, according to the man who nominated the
Bay area for the grant, David Schlaifer, chief executive officer of Doctors'
Administrative Solutions. His Tampa-based company helps medical practices go
digital.

"We want to help save lives and reduce expenses in the health care system by
enabling doctors' offices to affordably deploy electronic medical records
systems and connect them within the community," Schlaifer said.

The public and private sectors are trying to find ways to speed up conversion of
the health care sector to electronic records. They say shared information
reduces errors and saves time in emergencies. Just as electronic records have
made other industries more efficient, they would save money in health care,
analysts say. But medical offices often lack the capital for the initial
investment.

Most medical practices have electronic billing records, but only about 15
percent of practices have electronic systems for their patients' medical
information, according to a report from the Centers for Disease Control and
Prevention.

"We want Tampa Bay to be at the forefront of the movement," Schlaifer said.

The competition is sponsored by the MISYS Center for Community Health
Leadership, established last year by MISYS Healthcare Systems of Raleigh, N.C.,
a leader in health information technology.

If the Tampa Bay area won the grant, medical practices would apply for the
software. Although the software itself is worth many thousands of dollars, a
medical group would still have some associated costs. Schlaifer said his company
will provide the installation at cost, and several hardware vendors are making
computer equipment available to the center's grant recipients at a significant
discount.

Reporter Carol Gentry can be reached at (813) 259-7624 or cgentry@tampatrib.com

Copyright © 2007, The Tampa Tribune and may not be republished without
permission. E-mail library@tampatrib.com


LOAD-DATE: September 13, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


           Copyright 2007 The Tribune Co. Publishes The Tampa Tribune


                              822 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                     Valley Morning Star (Harlingen, Texas)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            December 27, 2013 Friday

Rails to Trails

BYLINE: Fernando Del Valle, Valley Morning Star, Harlingen, Texas

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 414 words


Dec. 27--RIO HONDO -- Officials plan to build a walking trail that will connect
the city's neighborhoods and schools to help residents shape up, City
Administrator Ben Medina said Thursday.

The proposed $100,000 asphalt trail will run 2.5 miles, from Colorado to
Reynolds and Bates to Robertson streets, Medina said.

Medina said officials will build the so-called Rails to Trails project on
city-owned land that runs along an abandoned railroad line that operated in the
early 1900s.

"We want to connect all the parks and schools and all the neighborhoods," Medina
said. "We want the trail to unify the community and show its health benefits."

The city will use a $20,000 grant from the University of Texas School of Public
Health to begin the project while seeking other grants to help complete the
trail, Medina said. Construction will begin by May.

Officials are counting on the trail to attract bicyclists and birdwatchers from
the outside the city, Medina said.

Students at Rio Hondo High School and Junior High School helped plan the project
through an urban planning class.

"It's bringing the whole community together," Medina said. "In planning, you
don't want to do anything in a vacuum -- you want to get the community
involved."

Medina said students determined the trail's 8-foot width while plotting sites
for exercise stations and water fountains to run along the track.

"One of the major goals is to expose the kids to real hands-on experience in
actual fields," Alma Alvarez, a college-readiness counselor at Rio Hondo High
School, said. "It took them out of their comfort zones and gave them the
opportunity to be leaders."

Medina said the city will launch the project to go along with an $87,000 School
of Public Health grant used to fund a three-year health education program.

Program coordinator Rebecca Wilt, a licensed boxing instructor, said she is
holding free classes at the city's Civic Center and plans to travel to local
schools and churches as part of the program aimed at battling the region's high
rates of diabetes and obesity.

"We'll go out and teach people how to eat healthy and exercise," Wilt said. "It
is a challenge. To me, it's a mindset. They can change their eating and exercise
habits."

For more information about the health education program, call Wilt at
956-748-2102.

fdelvalle@valleystar.com

___ (c)2013 Valley Morning Star (Harlingen, Texas) Visit Valley Morning Star
(Harlingen, Texas) at www.valleymorningstar.com Distributed by MCT Information
Services

LOAD-DATE: December 27, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20131227-HR-Rails-to-Trails-1227-20131227

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: HR


                       Copyright 2013 Valley Morning Star


                              823 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                        The Patriot Ledger (Quincy, MA)

                           January 22, 2005 Saturday
                             Page 13. City Edition

New director seeks to revitalize Asian outreach agency;
Class open

BYLINE: Jessica Van Sack

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 13. City

LENGTH: 668 words


The Patriot Ledger QUINCY - As part of an ambitious undertaking to jump-start
Quincy Asian Resources, the new director is organizing courses for Asian
residents and helping make local health service agencies culturally savvy. "It's
an exciting challenge," said John Brothers, hired to head the local nonprofit
Asian outreach agency.

One of Brothers' biggest challenges, however, is not that he's busy. It's that
he's Caucasian and speaks only English.

Brothers, in his late 30s, was picked from a pool of 20 applicants to lead and
jump-start Quincy Asian Resources, a cultural outreach group that operates on a
shoestring budget funded by organizations like the United Way.

The Braintree resident had already acted as interim director and worked for
seven years at the Quincy YMCA. He received a degree in international relations
from American University, and has always had an interest in different cultures,
he said.

Picked two months ago by the agency's mostly Asian, 15-member board of
directors, Brothers will oversee an envisioned expansion of what is now a
three-person office on Hancock Street.

Ideally, Brothers and members of the board of directors say, the agency would
have bilingual employees. Two interns funded by AmeriCorps, a government
national service program, Carmen Mei and Zhiling Gau, speak Asian dialects and
help Brothers connect with the Asian community, they said.

"If in our whole office nobody spoke Chinese, that's a concern," said David Zou,
a member of the board of directors who came here from China 22 years ago.

Brothers took over for former director Kao Li, who resigned last year, citing
medical reasons.

Zou said that in addition to Brothers' experience working with the Asian
community, he possesses a key qualification: the potential to bring in money.

One of his primary jobs will be to wade through complex grant applications so
that the agency can grow.

"We definitely prefer somebody who's bilingual," said Zou, of Quincy. "But we're
looking for somebody who can create a program. It's not necessarily the race or
language - we're looking for a skill."

While its leader may not be able to speak directly to those he seeks to help,
the agency is still led by the Asian community, members assert.

"We are truly led by the Asian community," Brothers said. "Our goal is
definitely to connect to the Asian and non-Asian community and to bring both
communities together."

Brothers said one of his chief initiatives will be to increase the number of job
training and English courses run through the center. He recently secured a
$2,500 grant from Sovereign Bank to help pay for those classes, he said.

Quincy Asian Resources also recently debuted a video in Cantonese and English
that seeks to raise awareness of tuberculosis. Quincy has the highest rate of
the disease in the state, reporting 14 cases in 2003.

Some questioned the ability of a nonbilingual head of an Asian resource group to
make inroads into a community without speaking its language. Kent Yee, a
community police officer who is seen as a leader in the Asian-American
community, said the agency, about two years old, has been conspicuously absent
except during cultural events it organizes. Yee, who has served on an advisory
committee for the nonprofit, said he hopes the agency will expand its reach.

Of the four finalists interviewed for the job, two were Asian and only one spoke
an Asian dialect, said board of directors Chairman Kenneth An of Braintree.

In Brothers, "We picked the best-suited person," he said.

To bridge the cultural gap, Brothers said, he continually seeks to educate
himself. "I do a lot of listening and ask questions," he said. "Working on my
own cultural competency is important." - Quincy Asian Resources has about 50
openings left for English for Speakers of Other Languages (ESOL) courses that
begin Feb. 1. For more information call Carmen Mei at (617) 472-2200, and or
leave a message containing your name, address, and phone number.

Jessica Van Sack may be reached at jvansack@ledger.com.

LOAD-DATE: January 27, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2005 The Patriot Ledger


                              824 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                  Yass Tribune

                               December 17, 2015

BYLINE: JESSICA COLE

SECTION: COMMUNITY

LENGTH: 486  words


Some property owners will be able to reap the rewards of nearly half a million
dollars from the state government's bush connect grant, with the money earmarked
for a decade long conservation project.

Last week, Member for Goulburn Pru Goward announced $2,406,935 worth of funding
would be given to five long-term environmental projects within the state
electorate, with the Yass Area Network (YAN) of Landcare Groups Incorporated to
receive a slice of $427,850.

Spokesperson for YAN Det Voges said the funding comes as welcome support from
the state government.

'The project we are undertaking is about habitat,' Mr Voges explained.

'It will provide direct seeding and tubestock for natural resource regeneration
as well as fencing material for stock management of restored areas.'

Mr Voges said the project's aim is to enhance biodiversity and improve
sustainable farming by connecting remnants of native vegetation in the Yass
area, between Murrumbateman, Jerrawa, Binalong, and Bookham.

The YAN's project will work alongside existing initiatives which meet the
project's borders.

'This project extends the coverage already provided by Murrumbateman Landcare's
'Landcare Linking Biodiversity' and the Greater Goorooyaroo projects, extending
these linkages to the north to integrate with the Greater Eastern Ranges
programme ' our project will optimise the outcomes of these projects, and vice
versa,' he continued.

'We are revegetating corridors across private agricultural landscapes to link
otherwise isolated patches of remnant vegetation.

'This project is being developed in response to community interest with numerous
landholders already expressing interest in undertaking projects of this nature.'

YAN will work with around 150 property landholders within the project's
boundaries over the five years, and they hope to be able to provide linkages to
around 50-60 per cent of the targeted area.

'We are trying to fill a gap,' Mr Voges said.

'Targeted properties will be selected from enthusiastic owners, with plantings
and fencing to optimise natural habitat linkages.'

Environment Minister Mark Speakman said the Bush Connect grants provide funding
of between $250,000 and $500,000 each, for the first six years of the projects.

'The 16 projects will span the Great Eastern Ranges, from the north of the state
to the southern border.'

Ms Goward said the grants would help to implement long-term environmental
solutions in the region.

'This program is designed to encourage partnerships between community
environment groups or networks, farmers and non-government organisations to
complete important environmental work,' she said.

The grant program requires projects to run for a minimum of 10 years. The
Environmental Trust and the applicant will jointly fund up to 80 per cent of the
total project cost for the first six years. The applicant will contribute the
remaining 20 per cent over the remaining four years.

LOAD-DATE: December 19, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


             Copyright 2015 Fairfax Media Publications Pty. Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              825 of 998 DOCUMENTS


            The Fayetteville Observer (Fayetteville, North Carolina)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                          February 27, 2008 Wednesday

Community builds on its success

BYLINE: John Fuquay, The Fayetteville Observer, N.C.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 758 words


Feb. 27--Community leaders in Eastover worked on their own to solve their water
problems by building a public water system in the county.

The Eastover Sanitary District serves almost 3,000 homes and businesses in a
large section of northeast Cumberland County. And customers are being added
nearly every day. A line was recently extended near Wade because that town was
unable to connect a dozen families to its system.

"They were having real bad problems, and we wanted to help them," said Morgan
Johnson, an Eastover district board member. "We intend to serve every customer
in our district. No matter your race or income, everybody deserves good, clean
drinking water.

"If there's a habitable dwelling anywhere in the district, we're going to put a
meter box in front of it."

The district was created in 1998 when residents of the then-unincorporated
community became fed up with the brown water coming from their wells. The water,
which was high in magnesium and iron, looked like iced tea but smelled and
tasted bad.

"When you'd wash your white clothes, they'd come out yellow," Johnson recalled.

At the time, Talmage Baggett was a county commissioner and a member of the
Eastover Civic Association. He also was the town of Godwin's attorney and helped
that town apply for a federal grant for its water system.

With the Eastover association's approval, Baggett received permission from
county commissioners to form the independent district, whose residents would
elect their own board members.

"We knew the county didn't want to get in the water business, so instead of
saying, 'Why hasn't the city done it, or why hasn't the county done it?' we just
said, 'Let us do this for ourselves,''' Baggett said. "We were able to do what
the county and the PWC were not able to do, which I think is remarkable."

The district initially was created with a $4.8 million loan from the U.S.
Department of Agriculture Rural Development program. The original 1,500
households and businesses on the system agreed to pay $15 a month to repay the
40-year loan, which costs $217,000 yearly at 4.5percent interest. Construction
was completed in 2000.

Since then, the district has received an additional $12million in loans and
grants -- including a $250,000 loan from Cumberland County -- to expand water
and add sewer services to an additional 1,200 customers. The district now
extends from the Cape Fear River east to the Sampson County line and north to
the town of Wade.

Water lines have been built along most of the district's roads. Residents pay
$125 to connect, plus the cost of running lines from a meter at the street into
their homes. The average water bill is about $45. Eastover owns the lines and
the PWC supplies the water.

Cumberland County and the PWC have struggled to provide water to residents
outside Fayetteville. Pockets of the county have been connected to the PWC
system, but not in an area as expansive as the Eastover district.

Tom Cooney, the county's utility director, said he has been unable to find
grants and loans such as those used to build the Eastover district. Some parts
of the county are ineligible for funding because median household income is too
high. Programs that benefit small rural areas consider Cumberland County too
urban to qualify, and many of the other loans and grants are smaller than those
offered 10 years ago.

Steve Blanchard, the PWC's general manager, said the city-owned utility is
willing to extend services in the county, but not if it costs PWC customers.

Meanwhile, Eastover is gradually finding more and more customers throughout the
northeast section of the county.

"Cumberland County has not supported a countywide water utility system," Johnson
said. "The PWC was created as a regional system, and the county has decided it
did not need a dual system. As a result, the county has got behind the power
curve on that. We are expanding our borders now. The county needs to do it, but
we chose to do it for them, and they are happy we are since we already have the
organization and everything going."

Staff writer John Fuquay can be reached at fuquayj@fayobserver.com or (919)
828-7641.

To see more of The Fayetteville Observer, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go
to http://www.fayettevillenc.com/. Copyright (c) 2008, The Fayetteville
Observer, N.C. Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For
reprints, email tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or
847-635-6550, send a fax to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group
Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave., Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: February 28, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20080227-FY-Community-builds-on-its-success-0227

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: FY


                    Copyright 2008 The Fayetteville Observer


                              826 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                          The Daily Telegraph (London)

                             July 8, 2010 Thursday
                                   Edition 2;
                                National Edition

Getting the country connected;
Kent village may be setting a trend for rural areas by organising its own
broadband, says Matt Warman

BYLINE: Matt Warman

SECTION: FEATURES; Pg. 27

LENGTH: 1130 words


Britain will have the best broadband network in Europe by 2015, the Government
has said. But for now, however, there are millions of web users, mainly in rural
areas, for whom the economic and social benefits of high-speed internet are a
distant dream. Not for Cornwall or Northern Ireland the widespread use of BBC
iPlayer or the coming new generation of online shopping. In those two areas
alone, £100 million and £48 million of public money respectively is being spent
to connect them to the fast lane of the information superhighway.

In the village of Iwade in Kent, however, locals have been able to take a
slightly different approach. As Steve Robertson, chief executive of
infrastructure provider BT Openreach, puts it, they "got off their backsides"
and sorted out their own funding. Securing a £13,000 county council grant, the
local parish council has made sure that by autumn every one of the community's
nearly 1,400 houses will have access to fibrebased broadband at speeds of up to
40mb, rather than struggling along at their current 2mb or less.

The solution is not perfect, of course: not every similarly sized community can
get public money. But what's innovative about Iwade is that, for the first time
in the UK, BT investment has been supplemented to make an otherwise impossible
investment in fibre broadband viable. It could be the route by which huge
swathes of the remaining "final third" of the population get connected to
high-speed internet.

Iwade was lucky, at least, that neighbouring exchange Sittingbourne was part of
BT's already announced commitment to connect two-thirds of Britain to decent
broadband. "It takes advantage of the fact that we are investing anyway," says
Robertson.

By providing nearly £13,000, Iwade was able to unlock a further £62,000 from BT,
which meant it was possible to connect the village's four telephone cabinets
(which in turn link to every house) to the new fibre-optic network.

"Up to now," says Robertson, "broadband has always been about huge amounts of
public money, but in the process of that we risk forgetting the small
communities and we risk missing the chance to fill in places on the map that
aren't viable for us to do on their own."

In fact, Iwade's Nicola McKenzie had been looking for a way to improve the
village's broadband since 2006. Running the village's website, she'd done a
survey to assess options for people who wanted decent speeds. "Just because
you're not in a city doesn't mean you don't want a decent connection," she says.
"And, with more families moving in, and many of those with more than one person
wanting to be online, we realised there was a real demand for better broadband."

Former MP Derek Wyatt and a local county councillor organised a meeting with BT
and, after a public meeting, a 10-person committee was formed. "We were lucky
that we had real expertise among that group," says McKenzie. That meant they
could apply for a grant of up to £50,000 from a fund that Kent County Council
had for community projects, and then get a contract put out to tender.

Initially, however, no options came in within budget, although satellitebased
wireless broadband was a plausible option. "It was only when BT announced that
they were upgrading Sittingbourne anyway," says McKenzie, "that it became
possible to push for a network where there'd be competition for customers,
because any broadband provider can use BT infrastructure, which they would
maintain for the future."

The Kent County Council grant that made the project possible, however, is just
one of a programme that's been running since the largely rural county was first
provided with broadband. "We've been looking at where we can fix the 'not-spots'
that lack coverage," says Cllr Roger Gough. "This is the first time we've been
able to use fibre. We can act as a catalyst in areas where the market has failed
and will go on failing."

Few councils have a scheme such as Kent's, however, and BT's Robertson is honest
about the prospects for an expanded roll-out of broadband. "We haven't announced
a lot of where the two-thirds of the UK that we'll be covering actually is yet,"
he says. "And a lot of that will then be susceptible to incremental increases
with additional, alternative sources of funding. But because we're an ex-state
monopoly, people look at us and think this is our job to go and install
broadband where it simply is not economically viable. It's not. We're a private
company."

So while some communities will be able to apply for grants, others will continue
to be "off-grid" for years to come. "It's going to depend on our ability to
minimise the cost of deployment," says Robertson. "If we see more people signing
up, that may change the economics. But there'll still be a gap. The fastest way
to find out how big that gap is is to get on and build the network."

In straitened economic times, however, Cllr Gough admits that there are "lively
discussions" about keeping the grant funds for broadband, although he adds that
he hopes they will survive because of the economic and social benefits to
sometimes deprived communities. Economic constraints do not sit well with BT's
analysis, however: "I feel the 66 per cent roll-out will be a minimum," says
Robertson. "And I would fully expect us to go beyond that. But it's dependent on
alternative sources of funding. The vast majority is likely to be public."

Upgrading broadband - your options

Fibre Fibre is the fastest current option, and work is already going on to
upgrade large swathes of the UK's network. It's worth talking to local providers
about their plans for your area. Demonstrating an interest will help to provide
a business case. Some communities have tried to raise money themselves, and
there is anecdotal evidence that investment is recouped in house price rises.
Monthly line rentals are similar to current prices.

Satellite

Satellite broadband does not offer the same speeds as fibre, but in rural areas
it can be the best available option, with up to 3mbps theoretically possible for
now. But costs remain high. £50 per month is not unusual and, like satellite TV,
weather can affect the service.

Mobile broadband

If you can get a 3G mobile signal, then mobile broadband is a viable option.
Surprisingly, some rural areas get decent mobile signals, and prices can be very
reasonable. A number of mobile phone providers offer a range of deals, starting
at less than £10 per month.

10secs time to download a typical music album at 50mb; streaming video is also
possible at this speed 15.9m number of broadband connections in the UK 4.6mb
average broadband speed received in households in urban areas 3.3mb average
broadband speed received in households in rural areas 2/3 proportion of country
BT has committed to hook up to broadband at up to 40mb

LOAD-DATE: July 8, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: DTL


                  Copyright 2010 Telegraph Media Group Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              827 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          December 21, 2016 Wednesday

Washington: Lowey Announces $110,000 for Westchester Arts Organizations

LENGTH: 695  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: Office of the MP Nita Lowey has issued the following news release:



 Congresswoman Nita M. Lowey (D-Rockland/Westchester), the Ranking Member of the
House Appropriations Committee, today announced $110,000 in National Endowment
For the Arts (NEA) grants for arts organizations in Westchester. These
investments will support local artists, performances, and arts education
programs across the county.





 "The arts help connect us by telling the story of our communities," said
Congresswoman Lowey, Ranking Member of the House Appropriations Committee. "I
will continue fighting to protect funding for the National Endowment of the
Arts, and I'm pleased these federal investments will help local artists and
organizations celebrate and enrich the Lower Hudson Valley's vibrant creative
culture."



 "This list makes clear that Westchester arts groups are developing innovative
projects that are highly regarded in the American Artistic Landscape," said
Janet Langsam, CEO of ArtsWestchester.



 These grants are a part of more than $30 million awarded by the NEA to
nonprofit organizations and individuals across the country for grants in the
areas of Art Works, Art Works: Creativity Connects, Challenge America, and
Creative Writing Fellowships. These grants cross all artistic disciplines, reach
48 states as well as Washington, DC, and the U.S. Virgin Islands, and also
support partnerships between the arts and non-arts sectors.



 See the list of Westchester grant recipients below:



     $35,000 for the Jacob Burns Film Center (Pleasantville) to support "The
Power of Film: Community Engagement and Dialogue," a curated film series.
Dedicated to bolstering the role of the art house theater in a community, Jacob
Burns will present several curated films with a focus on cultural awareness and
social justice. Additional activities include talkbacks, community events, and
an educational program for middle and high school students.

     $30,000 for Hudson Valley Center for Contemporary Art (Peekskill) to
support the residency component to complement the exhibition "Threads." The
exhibition will feature artists who work with yarn, paper, twine, thread, and
other domestic materials to create artwork inspired by their personal journeys.
The artist residency component will include both international and local artists
who will create work, give workshops, and mentor students.

     $25,000 for ArtsWestchester (White Plains) to support "Modern Families," a
visual exploration of the modern American family. "Modern Families" will explore
the diverse faces and facets of the American family during the last century as
portrayed by contemporary photographers.

     $10,000 for Copland House (Peekskill) to support performances of American
music performed by the Music from Copland House ensemble and related educational
activities, including commentary during performances and question-and-answer
discussions.  In addition to the music of Aaron Copland, programs will feature
music by composers such as Derek Bermel, Richard Danielpour, Gabriela Lena
Frank, Paul Moravec, Tamar Muskal, Rob Schwimmer, and William Grant Still.

     $10,000 for the Clay Art Center, Inc. (Port Chester) to support the
creation and installation of public art projects in White Plains. Healing
Through Clay, an arts therapy program, will provide free clay classes for adults
living with cancer and youth impacted by homelessness. Professional teaching
artists will work with program participants under the supervision of Ariel
Edwards, lead artist and Clay Art Center's Community Arts Director, to create
mosaic works for public installation.



 Congresswoman Lowey has been stalwart in her defense of the National Endowment
for the Arts (NEA) and served on the prestigious National Council for the Arts
in recognition of her leadership. Each year, Lowey celebrates local artistic
talent through the Congressional Art Competition, a nationwide high school
visual art competition to recognize and encourage artistic talent in the nation
and in each congressional district.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:

 editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: December 22, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              828 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          December 21, 2016 Wednesday

Washington: Lowey Announces $110,000 for Westchester Arts Organizations

LENGTH: 695  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: Office of the MP Nita Lowey has issued the following news release:



 Congresswoman Nita M. Lowey (D-Rockland/Westchester), the Ranking Member of the
House Appropriations Committee, today announced $110,000 in National Endowment
For the Arts (NEA) grants for arts organizations in Westchester. These
investments will support local artists, performances, and arts education
programs across the county.





 "The arts help connect us by telling the story of our communities," said
Congresswoman Lowey, Ranking Member of the House Appropriations Committee. "I
will continue fighting to protect funding for the National Endowment of the
Arts, and I'm pleased these federal investments will help local artists and
organizations celebrate and enrich the Lower Hudson Valley's vibrant creative
culture."



 "This list makes clear that Westchester arts groups are developing innovative
projects that are highly regarded in the American Artistic Landscape," said
Janet Langsam, CEO of ArtsWestchester.



 These grants are a part of more than $30 million awarded by the NEA to
nonprofit organizations and individuals across the country for grants in the
areas of Art Works, Art Works: Creativity Connects, Challenge America, and
Creative Writing Fellowships. These grants cross all artistic disciplines, reach
48 states as well as Washington, DC, and the U.S. Virgin Islands, and also
support partnerships between the arts and non-arts sectors.



 See the list of Westchester grant recipients below:



     $35,000 for the Jacob Burns Film Center (Pleasantville) to support "The
Power of Film: Community Engagement and Dialogue," a curated film series.
Dedicated to bolstering the role of the art house theater in a community, Jacob
Burns will present several curated films with a focus on cultural awareness and
social justice. Additional activities include talkbacks, community events, and
an educational program for middle and high school students.

     $30,000 for Hudson Valley Center for Contemporary Art (Peekskill) to
support the residency component to complement the exhibition "Threads." The
exhibition will feature artists who work with yarn, paper, twine, thread, and
other domestic materials to create artwork inspired by their personal journeys.
The artist residency component will include both international and local artists
who will create work, give workshops, and mentor students.

     $25,000 for ArtsWestchester (White Plains) to support "Modern Families," a
visual exploration of the modern American family. "Modern Families" will explore
the diverse faces and facets of the American family during the last century as
portrayed by contemporary photographers.

     $10,000 for Copland House (Peekskill) to support performances of American
music performed by the Music from Copland House ensemble and related educational
activities, including commentary during performances and question-and-answer
discussions.  In addition to the music of Aaron Copland, programs will feature
music by composers such as Derek Bermel, Richard Danielpour, Gabriela Lena
Frank, Paul Moravec, Tamar Muskal, Rob Schwimmer, and William Grant Still.

     $10,000 for the Clay Art Center, Inc. (Port Chester) to support the
creation and installation of public art projects in White Plains. Healing
Through Clay, an arts therapy program, will provide free clay classes for adults
living with cancer and youth impacted by homelessness. Professional teaching
artists will work with program participants under the supervision of Ariel
Edwards, lead artist and Clay Art Center's Community Arts Director, to create
mosaic works for public installation.



 Congresswoman Lowey has been stalwart in her defense of the National Endowment
for the Arts (NEA) and served on the prestigious National Council for the Arts
in recognition of her leadership. Each year, Lowey celebrates local artistic
talent through the Congressional Art Competition, a nationwide high school
visual art competition to recognize and encourage artistic talent in the nation
and in each congressional district.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:

 editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: December 21, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              829 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                  Wisconsin State Journal (Madison, Wisconsin)

                              May 29, 2016 Sunday
                                  ALL EDITION

PROGRAM AIMS TO BRING KIDS INTO NATURE;
MADISON IS ONE OF SEVEN CITIES PICKED FOR INITIATIVE BUILDING ON EXISTING
EFFORTS

BYLINE:  CADENCE BAMBENEK  cbambenek@madison.com, 608-252-6143

SECTION: LOCAL; Pg. C3

LENGTH: 728 words


A pack of Sherman Middle School students gathered in a circle at Warner Park to
share their constructions of cattails, grass, mud and sticks.

Anke Keuser, a doctoral candidate in the Nelson Institute's Environment and
Resources program at UW-Madison, pulled out boxes of blue, pink and yellow candy
Peeps, saying she thought they made a fitting prize for a bird-nest-building
competition.

During the school year, the students made weekly excursions to Warner Park as
part of a partnership between Sherman Middle School and the Nelson Institute.

The program, begun in 2011, is designed to support park preservation, as well as
to fill an important need in after-school programming by building a
nature-mentoring relationship between the middle schoolers and a small group of
UWMadison seniors who serve as "co-explorers."

The program at Warner Park is just one of many in the greater Madison area
designed to connect children to nature ? there's a website with a calendar of
events at www.naturenet.org.

But the program's focus on ethnically diverse students, many of whom live in
poverty, is a rarity.

That, however, might be changing. In February, Madison was selected as one of
seven cities nationally to participate in an initiative to connect urban and
minority children to nature.

Created through a partnership between the National League of Cities and the
Children & Nature Network, Cities Connecting Children to Nature is focused on
getting urban youths to spend more time in green space.

Selected from 43 applicants, each of the seven cities received a $25,000
planning grant, said Margaret Lamar, Children & Nature Network's director of
strategic initiatives.

Research indicates that children's well-being is directly connected to access to
nature, Lamar said.

Children can experience physical and mental health benefits, as well as improved
educational outcomes, she said. Lamar also noted that more time spent in green
spaces has been shown to build a better sense of community in neighborhoods.

Ensuring that all children have access to green space is seen as a way to
improve the quality of life and boost success among urban youths, she said.

While the movement to connect children to nature has existed as a grassroots
initiative for years, Lamar said, the Children and Nature Network decided that
to create tangible policy changes, it was necessary to involve city government.
So the network reached out to partner with the National League of Cities.

"Nature is not always a top priority for cities, but it can be," Lamar said.

Madison demonstrated that making nature accessible for all children was a
priority, she said.

Mary Michaud, director of Public Health Madison and Dane County's Division of
Policy, Planning & Evaluation, said the initiative recognizes Madison's existing
approach to engaging youth in nature through programs like the one at Sherman
Middle School.

The city's natural environment and racial disparities made it a prime location
for the planning grant, Michaud said.

Local organizations, such as Public Health Madison and Dane County and Madison
Parks, are collaborating to use the planning grant, she said.

"I think that what we're finding is that there's a lot of interest and
enthusiasm because people increasingly recognize the ? individual and community
benefits of spending time in nature," Michaud said. "We're hopeful that our
partnership with Parks and all these other organizations will blossom."

This summer, the initiative intends to hire six interns through the Wanda
Fullmore Youth Internship Program.

In order to decide how to prioritize potential neighborhoods for the initiative,
Michaud said the interns will conduct interviews to capture community stories
and then compare their anecdotal findings with Public Health data.

"(They're going to) go into the community and ask, ?Is this really how it is, or
do you see something different?'" Michaud said.

At the same time, Michaud said the interns will bring another perspective to the
community design process: their own.

"If we can use this experience to grow our network of youth and young adults
that live in the neighborhoods where neighborhood planning is going on, for
example, they'll be a really instrumental voice in shaping how those
neighborhoods ? evolve to be more healthy, to be more sustainable and to improve
the quality of life for the people living there," Michaud said.

LOAD-DATE: May 30, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photos by PAUL NOELDNER Students from the Nelson Institute's
Environment and Resources program at UW-Madison lead Sherman Middle School
students in an after-school program in Warner Park designed to support park
preservation and to give urban youths more experiences in nature. A Sherman
Middle School student shows off a bird's nest created during a nature-based
after-school program in partnership with the Nelson Institute's Environment and
Resources program at UW-Madison.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2016 Madison Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              830 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                 Falkirk Herald

                                November 4, 2010

Carron community group hits cash problems

BYLINE: Ross Hart

LENGTH: 111 words



HIGHLIGHT: A COMMUNITY group fears for its future after being refused funding by
Falkirk Council.


The Carron Connect Partnership, based at Mungal Place in Bainsford,
said the decision could be "the ?nal nail in their cof?n".

The partnership wanted a £4433 community grant scheme to maintain its
of?ce and deliver a range of projects.

Carron Connect chairman Alex Russell said: "If we aren't able to ?nd funding,we
will be forced to close within a month. With no of?ce, we will not be able to
operate as effectively for the community."

He added: "We're already over stretched and can't commit to projects if we don't
have our base. When we applied for funding, the criteria did not say that this
type of project would not be funded.

Read The Falkirk Herald for the full story.

LOAD-DATE: November 8, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: FALK


                       Copyright 2010 Johnston Press Plc
                              All Rights Reserved


                              831 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                         Whittlesea Leader (Australia)

                             May 14, 2008 Wednesday
                                  1 - Edition

Transport calls treble

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 18

LENGTH: 243  words


WHITTLESEA'S community transport program is now so in demand that the number of
client journeys each month has trebled.

Whittlesea Connect, run by Whittlesea Community Connections, buses
``transport-disadvantaged'' clients to medical appointments, group meetings and
social outings they otherwise would have to miss.

Co-ordinator Emma Sampson said 800 individual trips were taken by clients
between November 2007 and March this year the same number taken in an entire
year after the service first started almost 18 months ago.

The people who steer the direction of the program, and those who drive its
services, are all volunteers.

An initial State Government grant for the program covered the leasing and
insuring of two buses for three years, but Whittlesea Community Connections has
since been fighting a losing battle for funding to cover costs such as fuel and
maintenance.

Ms Sampson said volunteers were vital to keep the wheels turning on the program,
which helps people who have no other transport options avoid becoming cut off
from society.

The program has 16 drivers and several other volunteers are on the reference
group.

``A lot of people have said they would not be able to get to their appointments
without the service,'' Ms Sampson said.

She said many clients were taken to community group meetings, such as an
Aboriginal residents' group and an Arabic women's group.

* Whittlesea Connect is seeking volunteer drivers. Details: Lucinda on 9401
6666.

LOAD-DATE: May 12, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: WPV


                   Copyright 2008 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              832 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                            Buffalo News (New York)

                              July 8, 2007 Sunday
                                 FINAL EDITION

North End housing project awaits funding infusion;
Sweeping changes still require $4 million in additional state money, city
approvals

BYLINE: By Denise Jewell - NEWS NIAGARA BUREAU

SECTION: NIAGARA WEEK; Pg. NC1

LENGTH: 851 words

DATELINE: NIAGARA FALLS


Sweeping changes to a North End public housing complex could get under way this
fall, but before construction can begin, the developer needs to secure $4
million in additional state funding and several city approvals.

The Niagara Falls Housing Authority plans to build 282 housing units in its
Center Court complex and in LaSalle during the next three years.

It's the largest public or private housing project in Niagara Falls in two
decades, and it's designed to reconnect an isolated neighborhood to other
streets in the North End and eliminate large public courtyards between stark
apartment buildings that planners believe are indefensible from crime.

"Its look is new urbanism -- where everybody has eyes on the street," said
Housing Authority Executive Director Stephanie Cowart. "It's just like any other
neighborhood, any other residential street."

The cornerstone of the project is a $20 million grant from the U.S. Department
of Housing and Urban Development's HOPE VI program. The total cost of
construction and services will be about $72 million.

During the next three years, duplexes and bungalows will replace 25
barrack-style apartment buildings that now house residents in Center Court.
Forty-two homes will be available for sale, and the Housing Authority will work
with residents to become homeowners, improve education or train for jobs.

"We look at housing being just one piece of the pie, and we want to fulfill
whatever their needs may be," Cowart said. "We have a real interest in bringing
the community back."

Construction is scheduled to begin in September on the first phase of the
project to construct 115 apartment units. Work to rename streets, secure
financing and obtain city approvals is already under way.

The Housing Authority is still waiting to hear from the state's Department of
Housing and Community Renewal on an application for a $4 million grant that
would provide funding for the first phase of construction.

Linda L. Goodman, director of project development for Norstar Development USA,
said the grant decision has taken longer than expected. Norstar, which was hired
by the Housing Authority to oversee the Center Court project, applied for the
grant in December. Goodman and Cowart said they are confident the Housing
Authority will be awarded the state money.

The developer is also seeking approval for the project from city leaders. The
City Council will vote soon on a measure to rezone the Center Court property for
the new neighborhood. Site plans will be reviewed by the Planning Board on
Wednesday.

The City Council and the Planning Board must also approve zoning changes for the
Center Court neighborhood. Plans calls for:

Constructing 253 homes in the North End.

Building 25 rental and four market-rate home-ownership units in LaSalle on land
already owned by the Housing Authority.

Adding new streets, utility lines and lights at Center Court.

Constructing a 5,000-square-foot community center at the corner of Centre Avenue
and 15th Street next to an existing public pool.

Pouring concrete parking pads for each home to replace large parking lots.

Center Court resident Lucille Averhart, 64, said her neighbors are anxious to
see work begin. They have waited years for the project as the Housing Authority
applied for the competitive HOPE VI grant four times before winning the grant.

The agency spent $277,000 to prepare applications for the project.

"It sounds good, if they do what they say they're going to do," said Averhart, a
grandmother who moved to Center Court about five years ago. "These houses are
old. They look good for their age."

The low-rise apartments that stretch across Center Court were built in 1943. The
buildings, Cowart said, have become outdated, cramped and have inadequate
plumbing and electrical facilities.

"Center Court's superblock street plan disrupts the neighborhood grid and cuts
the community in two," Housing Authority consultants wrote in the grant
application. "The Center Court street plan rendered convenient stores
inconvenient, churches and houses of worship were isolated and schools and
community centers were made islands unto themselves."

The concept behind the new community is to blend the public housing into the
rest of the North End neighborhood and reduce large shared spaces that came with
1940's-era public housing. The developer will extend Calumet Avenue east to
connect new homes with existing neighborhoods.

"We're building new streets again to take this internal complex here and connect
it back to the neighborhood," Goodman said. "It will just be like driving down
any residential area with nicely scaled homes."

While Center Court will undergo a dramatic revision, a larger public housing
complex with identical units on Packard Road will soon see exterior renovations
to upgrade buildings.

And Cowart already plans to apply for a second HOPE VI grant.

"It is actually creating a new community, not necessarily just public housing,"
Cowart said. "You can't create a destination for people to come unless you
actually do create a destination by investing in housing stock in a community."

e-mail: djewell@buffnews.com

LOAD-DATE: July 9, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Harry Scull Jr./Buffalo News Center Court resident Lucille Averhart
says her neighbors are eager to see work begin in their neighborhood. Harry
Scull Jr./Buffalo News Sweeping changes to the North End public housing complex
could get under way this fall.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2007 The Buffalo News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              833 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                            Derby Evening Telegraph

                           January 11, 2014 Saturday
                                   Edition 1;
                                National Edition

Schools urged to bid for anti-crime cash

SECTION: FEATURES; Pg. 23

LENGTH: 287 words


DERBYSHIRE'S Police and Crime Commissioner is reminding schools to put
themselves forward if they would like to compete for a one-off community grant.

The Schools and Community Grant 2014 scheme is open to secondary schools and
colleges across the county and will see three nominees chosen to each receive a
£1,000 grant to fund a community-based project aimed at crime reduction.

The project is one of a series of measures to help commissioner Alan Charles
connect with young people and give the younger generation a bigger voice about
how policing can be improved to reflect their views and needs.

An extensive youth engagement programme is planned for 2014.

This includes the launch of a youth survey in February, which will be circulated
to all secondary schools in the county to generate feedback from students, as
well as numerous visits to schools and educational organisations.

Schools have until January 13 to express an interest in bidding for the grant
and further information about the next stage of the process will be issued in
February.

The successful schools will be announced in late spring 2014.

Mr Charles said: "I'm always looking for new ways of communicating with the
younger generation so that the decisions I make are current and have value.

"Young people are quite often disproportionately affected by crime and one of my
goals as commissioner is to offer them greater protection and confidence. "To do
this, however, we need their insight and views on how we can do things even
better. Working together will allow us to develop more effective solutions."
Anyone wanting to participate in the grant scheme is asked to contact Mr
Charles' office on 0300 122 6000 or email pccoffice@derbyshire.pnn.police.uk

LOAD-DATE: January 11, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Alan Charles wants to connect with younger people.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: DET


                     Copyright 2014 Derby Evening Telegraph
                              All Rights Reserved


                              834 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                High River Times

                            January 13, 2017 Friday
                                 Final Edition

New program to improve Internet access Foothills Search; Federal government
funds rural high-speed projects; Rural communities explore options to bring
high-speed Internet to the underserviced areas in the Foothills region with new
federal grant program

BYLINE: Paul Krajewski, High River Times

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A7

LENGTH: 953  words


Southern Alberta's rural and remote communities have some of the slowest and
most unreliable Internet connections in the country, John Barlow, Foothills
Member of Parliament, said.

But that's all about to change as they can now tap into the federal government's
Connect to Innovate grant program that will give "last-mile" communities the
resources needed to connect to high-speed broadband, he added.

Initiated as part of Canada's 150th birthday, the Liberal government announced
it will dedicate $500 million by 2021 to hard-toreach areas for infrastructure
development, equipment purchases and/or service contracts related to Internet
access.

"As part of that program, a map has been developed which identifies areas that
have the poorest access to high-speed Internet," Barlow said.

"My riding is one of the worst in Canada in terms of density and the number of
communities that don't have access."

Some of the most impacted areas are located west of the Highway 22 corridor,
south of Priddis and down past Highway 540, he added.

"One of the messages we are getting across is that it isn't a want anymore, it's
a must-have," Barlow explained. "We have to treat it as a utility and essential
service."

The reason parts of southern Alberta are under serviced is the region's size and
diverse landscape, making it financially infeasible to provide the connectivity
required in today's technological climate, he said.

"A lot of the Internet service providers just haven't seen the return on their
investment to invest that much on infrastructure in some of these rural
communities," he said.

"Hopefully this program will entice them to come to some of (them)."

He added, "We want to make sure it is affordable for rural Canadians to be able
to (gain) access. If you build the infrastructure with fibre optic or a wireless
hub, but it's too expensive for anyone to use it, then it doesn't benefit us."

According to the Connect to Innovate website, applications can be submitted by
municipalities or regional partnerships for costs related to infrastructure,
hardware and software, satellite leases, equipment rental, contractor services
and anything related to broadband access. The government will provide 50 to 90
per cent of the eligible costs for all projects.

"We require an upgrade," Mayor Larry Spilak, MD of Foothills, said, adding the
MD will submit applications for two parcels of under-serviced land in the region
in the coming weeks.

"In the days of old, the Internet was slow and not utilized to the extent it is
today," he explained.

"Many people who are moving into the MD are working from their homes now, and
that was made (available) through the Internet."

The unreliable connectivity and slow speeds are greatly affecting residents in
some parts of the region, he said.

"When they move out here and they have service that is a third or a quarter of
what they're accustomed to in the cities, it can affect their business," he
added.

"Many have home-based businesses that rely totally on the Internet, and speed is
a factor."

The MD council has made it a priority to increase service to these areas with or
without government assistance, Spilak said.

"I don't care if it's private enterprise or government, but somebody has to do
it," he explained.

"If there is anything that can happen to get it done, it will happen. We are
going to put every effort possible into making the (region's) Internet something
people can live with."

After years of lobbying the government, conversing with residents and business
owners and providing feedback, Councillor Suzanne Oel, MD of Foothills, said it
is rewarding to see "things are converging."

Along with the Connect to Innovate program, she said the push for better
connectivity across the country is at the forefront of the Canadian
Radio-television and Telecommunications Commission (CRTC) agenda.

On Dec. 21, 2016, the CRTC announced the creation of a fund to ensure minimum
broadband Internet access across Canada, setting the standard at 50 Mbps for
download and 10 Mbps for upload.

On its website, the commission estimated 90 per cent of homes and businesses
nation-wide would meet the target by 2021.

Today's biggest challenge is providing the increased speed people rely on, Oel
said.

Residents want "a better level of service for the rural people to put us in the
game with everybody else," she added.

Oel said the MD is looking into partnerships with regional entities such as the
CRP, private industry and other municipalities as options.

The district is exploring bringing fibre optic cable to a more populated area,
such as a town or village, then branching that service out through towers to
lesspopulated, under-serviced areas, she said.

"What we are likely going to look at is a combination of services such as fibre
along a main line and wireless from there," she explained.

"We are looking at all kinds of opportunities- laying dark fibre, different
Internet service providers, other fibre owners-so there are a whole bunch of
moving parts right now that we are investigating."

Carole MacLeod, deputy mayor of Longview, said the greatest challenge to gaining
greater Internet capabilities is cost.

"A village of just over 300 residents struggles with funds to do (projects) of
this magnitude," she explained in an email statement.

"There are many of our residents that have issues with the present Internet
provider, so high speed would definitely be beneficial."

She said the village's council is working with the CRP and neighbouring
municipalities to explore options to which federal funds would be an asset.

For more information on the program, visit the government's website at
www.canada.ca and search Connect to Innovate. Applicants have until March 13 to
apply for funding.

LOAD-DATE: January 13, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2017 High River Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                              835 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       Grand Forks Herald (North Dakota)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             April 21, 2014 Monday

Forum will address networking among small N.D. communities

BYLINE: John Hageman, Grand Forks Herald

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 512 words


April 21--A forum in Emerado, N.D., this weekend will explore the connections
and networking opportunities between communities.

The UND Center for Community Engagement will hold the forum Saturday starting at
8:30 a.m. at the Emerado Elementary School. Events will include a roundtable
discussion among nearby mayors, presentations from UND officials and a workshop
devoted to addressing the challenges faced by small communities.

This is the seventh annual Community Connect Forum, last year's being held in
Warren, Minn. One notable result of the forums came when Buffalo, N.D.,
residents learned from people in Mountain, N.D., about how to apply for a
federal grant, according to a brochure.

"The overall goal is always to connect people and resources," said Lana Rakow,
director of the Center for Community Engagement. "It's really a way to be a
catalyst for connections that can lead to projects or resource-sharing."

"We are really hoping that people will leave with some concrete ideas about what
they might like to do in their communities and outside of their communities to
increase connections that they may not already have," she said.

Emerado, population 414, is located about 15 miles west of Grand Forks, just on
the other side of U.S. Highway 2 from the Grand Forks Air Force Base.

Rakow said some changes at the base could have implications for the nearby
community, namely the establishment of the Grand Sky unmanned aerial systems
business park. That project, which could mean a large influx of new jobs, will
be discussed during a 1:30 p.m. roundtable Saturday at the Emerado Community
Center, 200 Main St.

"I think the communities around the Air Force base...could use some time to
think about, 'How is this going to impact us, and how could we be involved?'"
Rakow said.

That roundtable will also include discussion of a grassland restoration project
near Emerado and partnerships between the Red River Regional Council and local
organizations.

A workshop taking place at the same time in the gymnasium of the elementary
school will address challenges faced by the small North Dakota towns of Bowdon
and Hebron. Attendees will discuss how networking could be used to meet those
challenges.

Rakow said she expects about 150 people to attend the event, which is free and
open to the public. She estimated a number of civic and business leaders to
attend as well as other community members.

"We wanted this to be very grassroots," Rakow said. "It really isn't about your
position, it's really about your passion."

If you go:

What: Community Connect Forum in Emerado, N.D.

When: 8:30 a.m.: Coffee and registration with introductory welcome at 9 a.m.

Where: Emerado Elementary School, 501 Main St.,

More info: The event is open to the public, but if you plan to attend, event
planners ask that you notify the Community Engagement office at (701) 777-0675
or visit www.und.edu/centers/community-engagement.

___ (c)2014 the Grand Forks Herald (Grand Forks, N.D.) Visit the Grand Forks
Herald (Grand Forks, N.D.) at www.grandforksherald.com Distributed by MCT
Information Services

LOAD-DATE: April 21, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20140421-GF-Forum-will-address-networking-among-small-N-D-communities
-0421-20140421

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: GF


                       Copyright 2014 Grand Forks Herald


                              836 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                           Edmonton Journal (Alberta)

                           December 10, 2015 Thursday
                                 Early Edition

Ottawa funds research to ease urban isolation

BYLINE: Elise Stolte, Edmonton Journal

SECTION: CITY; Pg. A9

LENGTH: 315 words


A $239,000 federal grant has launched a new search for ways to cure the
isolation felt by those who struggle to build friendships and connections.

"It's the ability to make connections to help yourself," said Marleen Mulder,
one of two NorQuest researchers starting a three-year project to discover what
programs or initiatives would best develop what they call "social capital."

People who lack connections to other people might be newcomers to Edmonton, but
they could also be working professionals or others who find themselves coming
home at night without an obvious way to connect with others. That can lead to
feelings of loneliness, depression and a lack of belonging, hurting a person's
economic success and how they can take advantage of opportunities. "It's the
things we take for granted, our friendships, resources, our confidence that we
approach the world with," added Mulder's colleague Bob Marvin.

The first year of research will involve interviews and case studies with those
who have successfully overcome social or economic marginalization to develop a
series of ideas for solutions. The second and third years will test and improve
the ideas.

At each stage, more than 40 community members and employees of various social
agencies will review and help direct the next steps.

"The unique thing about this research project is that the community is building
it," said Mulder. "The beautiful thing about having people involved is that they
own it."

The Edmonton Public Library became a partner in the research to see if it could
play a role connecting people as well, said Soleil Surette, manager of
assessment and research.

"Maybe they connect over the Internet and then come meet at the library," said
Surette. "It's about making connections and having a sense of belonging."

estolte@edmontonjournal.com twitter.com/estolte !@COPYRIGHT=© 2015 Postmedia
Network Inc. All rights reserved.

LOAD-DATE: December 10, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Elise Stolte, Edmonton Journal; From left, Edmonton Public Library's
Soleil Surette and research partners Marleen Mulder and Bob Marvin are working
on a research project to tackle urban isolation.;

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2015 Edmonton Journal
                              All Rights Reserved


                              837 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                     The News-Item (Shamokin, Pennsylvania)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           January 15, 2009 Thursday

Conyngham Twp. going after the big bucks for upcoming sewer project

BYLINE: John E. Usalis, The News-Item, Shamokin, Pa.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 523 words


Jan. 15--WILBURTON NO. 2 -- Going on the premise, "Nothing ventured, nothing
gained," the Conyngham Township supervisors will try for the big money -- up to
$4.6 million -- in a state grant to partially fund its sewer distribution system
project.

The supervisors will apply for an infrastructure grant through H2O PA, also
identified as Act 63, to offset part of the sewer project cost that is expected
to cost $9.37 million. The project will connect homes and businesses in Aristes,
Wilburton No. 1 and Wilburton No. 2 to the Mount Carmel Sewer Authority
treatment plant, while the village of Locustdale in Conyngham and Butler
townships will connect with the Butler Township Sewer Authority treatment plant.
Construction is expected to begin this year and be completed in 2010.

Supervisor Chairman James Tarlecki announced in November that the township was
approved for $8.68 million in project funding from the Pennsylvania
Infrastructure Investment Authority. The township was approved for $1.68 million
in grant funds and a $7 million low-interest loan. At the current funding
status, the estimated cost per month for sewer service when the system goes
online in 2010 is about $95 per customer.

According to Tarlecki, if the township can secure more grant funds, which do not
have to be paid back, the monthly service fee per customer could be lowered,
taking some of the financial burden off township residents.

The grant funding will be dispersed by the Department of Community and Economic
Development (DCED) through the Pennsylvania Commonwealth Finance Authority,
which was established as an independent agency of the commonwealth to administer
Pennsylvania's economic stimulus packages.

Tarlecki said due to the funding approval from PENNVEST, the township can use
that funding as the local match, since the Act 63 guidelines requires a 50
percent match to be eligible.

"In a best-case scenario, it will allow the township to get an additional $4.6
million in grants for this project. That's what we're going to shoot for," said
Tarlecki. "We're hoping to have the application ready by Feb. 1 for submission
to DCED."

In order to prepare the application, the supervisors voted to retain the firm of
CHH Partners, LLC, at a cost of $23,500, to assure that the application is in
compliance and submitted properly.

The supervisors also accepted the PENNVEST grant/loan package of $8.68 million
so the matching funds are secured.

The township has also applied for a Community Development Block Grant of $25,000
through the Columbia County Redevelopment Authority. The township will also
apply for competitive CDBG funds that will help low- and moderate-income
residents with the cost of the $1,500 sewer tap-in fee and other costs.

To see more of The News-Item or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.newsitem.com. Copyright (c) 2009, The News-Item, Shamokin, Pa.
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: January 15, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20090115-IZ-Conyngham-Twp-going-after-the-big-bucks-for-upcoming-sewer-project-0
115

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: IZ


                                 Copyright 2009


                              838 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                The Toronto Star

                            October 26, 2014 Sunday

Using her skills so that others may use theirs

BYLINE: Leslie Ferenc Toronto Star

SECTION: SPECIAL SECTION2; Pg. U3

LENGTH: 489 words


When she joined the sewing club at the Working Women Community Centre, Laura
Hammond couldn't thread the machine let alone design an outfit or make a dress
pattern.

But with the help of a good teacher and the support of the other ladies in the
group at the Victoria Park community hub, Hammond did what she never dreamed of:
made a shirt in a week. "It looked good on a hanger," said the mother of four
with a laugh. "It looked good from afar."

It took some practice to sew a straight line, install zippers and master the
techniques of taking proper measurements, but the 30-year-old fashionista was a
fast learner. Hammond used her new-found skills to help others: single mothers
at Homeward Bound, which offers a variety of programs and services to help them
move from poverty to successful careers and self-sufficiency. The women learn
life and employment skills, and how to manage finances and attend college. When
they finish school, the agency, which is supported by United Way Toronto, tries
to connect them to jobs that represent full-time careers.

Hammond spent four years at Homeward Bound run by WoodGreen Community Services,
and when she got back on her feet, knew she wanted to give back to the agency
which had given her a fresh start and independent life. The sewing group was the
answer.

Not long after joining, she discovered that funding for materials and equipment
was running out. Necessity being the mother of invention, she came up with the
idea to design and sew custom outfits for the moms at the shelter who were going
out in to the workforce.

"It was an amazing opportunity to do something for Homeward Bound which had done
so much for me and my children." The Action for Neighbourhood Change committee
at the hub helped her submit her proposal for a United Way Toronto Resident
Action Grant, an investment in resident-led programs that build strong
connections within communities.

Hammond's proposal, the first grant application she'd ever written, fit the bill
and meant she could help her "sisters," who had been depending on second-hand
clothing, which often needed alterations before they could wear them to job
interviews.

Working Women Community Centre is the lead agency for both the Victoria Village
Action for Neighbourhood Change and Victoria Park Hub.

"ANC staff incubate and support resident-driven initiatives and connect them to
accessible space at the Victoria Park Hub," said Angela Koh, community
engagement co-ordinator Victoria Village ANC

The sewing group meets weekly for the free program.

Led by sewing instructor Ruth Echeverry, Hammond and the other budding
seamstresses got down to business and selected 10 women at the shelter who then
picked the styles, fabrics and colours for their new outfits. Once the new
outfits were completed for the moms, the volunteers could make something for
themselves. The result was a rack full of garments the group showcased at a
Mother's Day event this spring.

LOAD-DATE: October 26, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Laura Hammond learned to sew at the Working Women's Community Centre.

DOCUMENT-TYPE: COLUMN

PUBLICATION-TYPE: NEWSPAPER


                 Copyright 2014 Toronto Star Newspapers Limited


                              839 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                           Ruidoso News (New Mexico)

                           October 7, 2015 Wednesday
                                   1 Edition

Funds granted for systems

BYLINE: By, Staff Reports

SECTION: A; Pg. 5

LENGTH: 770 words


On Oct. 2, Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack helped to kick off the nation's
harvest season by announcing nearly $35 million in new funding through four
grant programs to support local and regional food systems, including farmers'
markets. Secretary Vilsack has named strengthening local food systems as one of
the four pillars of USDA's efforts to revitalize rural economies and
communities. Purchases of locally-produced food have surged to nearly $12
billion under Secretary Vilsack's leadership, while the number of farmers'
markets has exploded to more than 8,500 from 5,274 in 2009.

The recent announcement is part of a USDA-wide effort to support President
Obama's commitment to strengthening local and regional food systems. These
grants are administered by USDA's Agricultural Marketing Service (AMS) and Food
and Nutrition Service (FNS). Under the current Administration, AMS and FNS have
partnered to boost affordable access to local, fresh and healthy foods, which
creates a gateway to opportunity for small and mid-size producers and benefits
the health of all Americans, regardless of income levels.

"Today, USDA is helping to create economic opportunities for producers, increase
access to fresh, healthy food for consumers and connect rural and urban
communities across the country," said Secretary Vilsack. "Each of the grants
announced today targets a unique part of the growing market for local foods. We
are also expanding access for current SNAP participants to the wonderful array
of fresh produce at America's farmers markets, which is important to a healthy
diet."

USDA's Agricultural Marketing Service is awarding $13.3 million in Farmers
Market Promotion Program grants to 164 marketing and promotion projects involved
with farmers markets, Community Supported Agriculture (CSAs), and other
direct-to-consumer outlets for local food. Since 2009, this program has funded
902 projects totaling over $59.2 million to support direct marketing efforts for
local food. AMS is also awarding $11.9 million in Local Food Promotion Program
grants to 160 marketing and promotion projects for intermediary local food
enterprises such as food hubs, aggregation businesses, local food processors and
farm-to-institution activities. This program, begun in 2014, has funded 351
projects totaling $24.6 million to support local/regional supply chain
activities including processing, aggregating, storing or distributing local and
regional food.

And AMS is awarding $1 million in matching-grant funds through the Federal-State
Marketing Improvement Program. These funds are awarded through state departments
of agriculture and other agencies, as well as state colleges and universities.
The matching funds will support 15 research projects to find solutions to
challenges and opportunities in marketing, transporting and distributing U.S.
agricultural products domestically and internationally. Since 2009, this program
has funded 142 projects totaling $8.6 million to explore new market
opportunities for U.S. food and agricultural products. Both the Farmers' Market
and the Local Food Promotion Programs were made possible by the 2014 Farm Bill.
A description of the projects funded by each of these programs is available on
the AMS website.

USDA's Food and Nutrition Service (FNS) administers the Supplemental Nutrition
Assistance Program (SNAP) Farmers Market Support Grants, which is awarding $8.1
million in grants for projects in 23 states to enhance the effectiveness of SNAP
operations at farmers' markets. The new funds support broad SNAP-related
activities and costs, including staff training and technical assistance,
creating educational materials and raising awareness among current SNAP
participants that their benefits may be used to purchase fresh foods at these
outlets. Farmers' market organizations and associations, non-profit entities,
state, local and tribal nations and other organizations engaged in farmers
market management were eligible to apply. Grantees will be able to help connect
low-income families with fresh, healthy, local food options by expanding SNAP
use at these markets. From 2009 to 2014, SNAP redemptions at farmers markets
have grown by 350 percent. Vilsack continued: "We will continue supporting local
and regional food systems, which are drawing young people back to agriculture,
generating jobs and improving quality of life in rural communities. Since 2009,
we have seen a 75 percent growth in farmers' markets nationwide and sales of
local food rose to an estimated $12 billion in 2014, much of it through sales
from farms to local grocers, institutions and restaurants."

LOAD-DATE: July 6, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: rui


                          Copyright 2015 Ruidoso News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              840 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                         Brattleboro Reformer (Vermont)

                           February 5, 2014 Wednesday

USDA grant brings technology to rural med centers

BYLINE: By HOWARD WEISS-TISMAN / Reformer Staff

SECTION: BREAKING; News

LENGTH: 604 words


TOWNSHEND -- Amy Visser-Lynch, a nurse in Grace Cottage Hospital's Emergency
Department, was pretty impressed when she went to a seminar last year on the
latest telemedicine technology.

Visser-Lynch saw the high tech equipment that allows a doctor, who can be any
where in the world, to interact with a patient, accessing all of the charts and
information while monitoring the patient in real time.

Visser-Lynch knew Grace Cottage Hospital would need some serious help to
purchase the equipment and that help was announced earlier this week.

Grace Cottage Hospital was one of 41 rural medical centers in Vermont and New
Hampshire that will share in almost $1 million in U.S. Department of Agriculture
grants that will help purchase the equipment and pay for training.

The grants were awarded to Dartmouth-Hitchcock and its Center for Telehealth,
and will serve six counties in New Hampshire and seven counties in Vermont.

"This is a huge 'plus' for Grace Cottage, and for the people in this community,"
Visser-Lynch said. "This equipment will allow us to collaborate with
specialists, and improve care without asking our patients to leave their home or
families."

Two grants, totaling $998,356 were awarded to Dartmouth-Hitchcock through USDA
Rural Development's Rural Utilities Service.

The money will be used to expand the technology infrastructure, including
software and equipment and to purchase telemedical carts that allow medical
staff to move the equipment from room to room.

The telemedicine equipment will also be set up at Deerfield Valley Medical
Center in Wilmington and at two Dartmouth-Hitchcock Family Medicine centers, one
in Walpole and one in Winchester, N.H.

"These grants will give some of the most rural communities in New Hampshire and
Vermont access to world class health care usually only found in larger
metropolitan areas," said USDA Rural Development Vermont and New Hampshire
Director Ted Brady. "Too often rural Americans are forced to travel long
distances to access health care. In some cases these distances prevent timely
access to routine health care that can turn a minor problem into a life
threatening problem."

Visser-Lynch said the equipment will allow Grace Cottage patients to receive the
highest level of care at the small Townshend hospital.

She said older, or sick, patients might be unwilling to travel in winter to get
the care they might need, and the telemedicine equipment will make it easier,
adding to the patient's overall care and comfort.

"This is not something we would even be able to budget for," Visser-Lynch said.
"It's like winning the lottery. It's wonderful news."

"This is a game changer for small rural hospitals," said Dr. Sarah Pletcher,
medical director for Dartmouth-Hitchcock's Office of Telehealth. "This is going
to help small rural clinics connect with specialists who are outside the
region."

Dartmouth-Hitchcock's Center for Telehealth opened in 2012 to help connect
physicians, educators, communication specialists and researchers to bring high
quality care to patients in small rural medical centers.

USDA announced 49 grants in 25 states totaling about $16 million this week.

"This is great news for people in rural New Hampshire who have had to travel
significant distances at great expense to get the medical care they need," said
U.S. Sen. Jeanne Shaheen, D-NH. "With these investments in telemedicine and
broadband equipment, Dartmouth's world-class care will be locally available and
affordable for New Hampshire's rural residents."

Howard Weiss-Tisman can be reached at 802-254-2311 ext. 279
orhwtisman@reformer.com . Follow Howard on Twitter @HowardReformer.

LOAD-DATE: February 6, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Grace Cottage Hospital

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


   Copyright 2014 MediaNews Group, Inc. and New England Newspaper Group Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              841 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                  Public Opinion (Chambersburg, Pennsylvania)

                             July 12, 2011 Tuesday

Franklin County officials mull $7,500 for Mercersburg walking, biking program

BYLINE: By JIM HOOK Senior writer

SECTION: LOCAL

LENGTH: 494 words


MERCERSBURG -- Franklin County commissioners are debating whether to donate
county funds to a project that encourages people in the Mercersburg area to walk
or bicycle.

Dr. Elizabeth George, chairwoman of Montgomery Peters Mercersburg Connectivity,
asked commissioners on Tuesday to donate $7,500 to the project.

The group has raised $30,000 for an architect to develop a 20-year plan to
connect, preserve and develop walking, jogging and biking routes in the three
municipalities. The routes would safely connect recreation areas, playgrounds,
schools, trails and historic areas.

George said she is seeing increased obesity, hypertension and diabetes in
youngsters. When she first started her medical practice 30 years ago, a
10-year-old patient weighing more than 100 pounds was unheard of.

"Now it's very common," she said.

People also become connected when they get outside their homes to walk and
bicycle, George said.

"The feasibility study is to take a bite out of the project to see what's
feasible over the short term and long term," George said. "We need a strategic
plan for federal, state and nonprofit grants. Because money is tight, you have
to rely on grants. Committees can't afford to do this without volunteers and
nonprofits."

The group has gotten $2,500 from both Montgomery Township and Mercersburg,
George said. Peters Township supervisors are to decide Thursday on a $2,500
donation.

Commissioners also take up the proposal on Thursday.

Commissioner David Keller said the multi-municipal project could serve as a
model for other communities. It fits into the county comprehensive plan, which
allows the county to promote biking and walking trails and assist communities in
acquiring grants for them.

Commissioner Bob Ziobrowski asked that commissioners delay a decision at least
until Thursday so they can "at least take a breath."

Commissioner Robert Thomas said he liked the initiative, but worried about
setting a precedent before the county has a policy for distributing money to
multi-municipal projects.

The connectivity group has retained Campbell & Thomas Co., Philadelphia, to
conduct the feasibility study beginning next week. The firm previously prepared
a plan by the York County Rail Trail Authority and Healthy Adams County to
connect Gettysburg and Hanover with a multi-purpose trail as part of a 185-mile
Grand History Loop.

The group has enough money to pay for the study, but is seeking another $10,000
to involve residents in implementing the plan. The money would go for brochures,
promotion, advertising and experts to present programs at schools and meetings.

Laura Puckett, a member of the connectivity group, said the group must recruit
the next generation to take up the project. She described the routes around
Madison, Wis..

"It takes years," she said. "Each small town did their own thing. It will take
time. I'm hoping my grandchildren will see this."

------------

Jim Hook can be reached at 262-4759 and jhook@publicopinionnews.com .

LOAD-DATE: July 13, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2011 Public Opinion
                              All Rights Reserved


                              842 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                        Daily Camera (Boulder, Colorado)

                          February 23, 2011 Wednesday

Federal budget proposal could force cuts to Boulder housing, family services

BYLINE: Heath Urie Camera Staff Writer

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 952 words


Boulders2011 Community Development Block Grant awards


$175,000 -- Boulder Housing Partners   $150,000 -- Family Resource Schools
$100,000 -- Longs Peak Energy Conservation   $56,400 -- Longs Peak Energy
Conservation   $50,000 -- The Acorn School   $50,000 -- Mental Health Center of
Boulder County   $40,000 -- Colorado Enterprise Fund   $35,000 -- New Horizons
Preschool   $30,000 -- Dental Aid   $25,000 -- The Acorn School   $15,200 --
Immigrant Legal Center   $8,000 -- Safehouse Progressive Alliance for
Nonviolence   $7,000 -- Medicine Horse Program   $4,392 -- Care Connect   $4,000
-- Care Connect      Boulder officials are voicing their opposition to President
Barack Obamasplan to slash up to $300 million from the Community Development
Block Grant Program in 2012, which they say would reduce funding for local
nonprofit groups by up to $75,000.   The presidentsbudget proposal, released
last week, calls for a 7.5 percent reduction in overall funding for the grant
program, which began supporting nonprofit groups in 1974 and is one of the
longest continuously operating programs under the U.S. Department of Housing and
Urban Development.   Boulder is considered an scommunitysunder the program, and
receives an average of about $1 million per year. The city distributes the
grants to nonprofit groups to pay for the capital needs of programs that support
low-income residents.   sfocus our funding on low- and moderate-income
people,ssaid Jeff Yegian, BouldersCommunity Development Program Manager.

snonprofit community has come to rely on (federal) funding.s  In a recent letter
to U.S. Rep. Jared Polis, Boulder Mayor Susan Osborne wrote that the combination
of grants and other resources sthe city to strengthen public infrastructure,
increase the supply of affordable housing and improve the quality of life for
the cityslow- and moderate-income residents.s  Lara Cottingham, a spokeswoman
for the Boulder Democrat, said Wednesday that Polis ssupportssthe Community
Development Block Grant Program and that he is sto find a way to keep that
program going.s  While Polis released a statement on Feb. 14 lauding the
presidents2012 budget as going to slengths to reduce the deficit, while also
placing a high priority on investing in education,sCottingham said the statement
was not meant to address the proposed grant reductions.   She clarified that
scongressman feels there are good parts and bad parts of the budget.s
Bouldersappeal for help -- which will soon be distributed to the rest of
Coloradoscongressional delegation -- highlights that the grants are used in
Boulder primarily for housing rehabilitation and community nonprofit facilities.
They also heavily support the Family Resource Schools Program, a joint program
between the city and the Boulder Valley School District that provides basic
support and referral services to at-risk families and children.   Under the
presidents2012 budget proposal, that program would likely face cuts of $11,500
per year, according to city estimates.   swould mean that we would have to make
some cutbacks on services,ssaid Kathryn Coleman, Bouldersschool-based services
manager.   Coleman, who oversees the Family Resource Schools Program for the
city, said the grants pay for a wide variety of services for low-income
families, ranging from providing tutors and mental health counselors and paying
for childrensreading glasses and winter coats.   The program, which operates at
Columbine, Creekside, Crest View and Whittier elementary schools, was awarded
$150,000 this year. The money helps dozens of students and their families, such
as Rosa Estrada and her two daughters.   sused to be pretty stable regarding
finances, but I started struggling,ssaid Estrada, who has lived in Boulder for
13 years and lost her job in 2010. swas about to become homeless. It was a very,
very difficult time.s  The grant money helped Estrada pay her rent and car
insurance while she and her two daughters, ages 11 and 16, got back on their
feet.   She said the help was just what she needed to survive, and the program
also got her more involved with her childrenseducation. She said it would be
devastating for the city to lose funding for the program that helped her.   sis
crucial,sshe said.   But as much as city officials and program managers are
worried about how the 2012 budget cuts could affect local programs, a pending
U.S. House bill calls for reducing the block grant funding by 62.5 percent for
the rest of 2011. If that happened, Boulder would lose out on an estimated
$640,000 thatsalready been allocated.   Some Boulder officials said it
doesnsseem likely that the U.S. Senate would approve the measure, but if it did,
several Boulder programs that are set to receive money this year would likely
see their funding reduced or eliminated entirely.   Some of the projects
receiving federal grant money this year include: development of a wellness
education center at the Mental Health Center of Boulder County; rehabilitation
of the New Horizons Cooperative Preschool in north Boulder; micro-loans provided
to business startups through the Colorado Enterprise Fund; and expansion of
childcare facilities at The Acorn School early-childhood center at 2580 Iris
Ave.   During a recent Boulder City Council meeting, Councilwoman Crystal Gray
said the National League of Cities is working to spread awareness about the
proposed funding cuts.   Councilwoman Suzy Ageton said many officials are paying
attention to the proposal, and that she considers the grants to be a ssource of
funding for us to address a large number of needs.s  Contact Camera Staff Writer
Heath Urie at 303-473-1328, or urieh@dailycamera.com

U.S. Rep. Jared Polis, D-Boulder

LOAD-DATE: February 24, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: U.S. Rep. Jared Polis, D-Boulder

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2011 Prairie Mountain Publishing
                              All Rights Reserved


                              843 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       Austin American-Statesman (Texas)

                              June 27, 2008 Friday
                                 Final Edition

With help of $2.4 million grant, Round Rock set to finish Brushy Creek Trail

BYLINE: David C. Doolittle AMERICAN-STATESMAN STAFF

SECTION: METRO; Pg. B06

LENGTH: 457 words


ROUND ROCK - A key element to Round Rock's trail system is on the road to
completion.

The city has received a

$2.4 million grant to construct about two miles of paved trail that will
complete the Brushy Creek Trail, which runs east to west along Brushy and Lake
creeks between downtown and Red Bud Lane . The transportation board of the
Capital Area Metropolitan Planning Organization provided the grant.

The project will connect the trail from near Rosemount Drive in the Sonoma
subdivision west to Brushy Creek Park. The project will also connect via A.W.
Grimes Boulevard to the Greater Lake Creek Trail, which runs north-south between
Lake Creek Park and the Clay Madsen Recreation Center.

"This is a key area in the spine trail system," said Cory Styron , the assistant
director for parks and services. "We're seeing an increased desire in the
community to have alternative transportation needs."

Design work on the $3 million project - Williamson County also donated $400,000,
and the city will put up $190,000 - is expected to start this fall, Styron said,
and construction will begin in 12 to 18 months.

The trail, which can be used for walking, jogging and bicycle riding, will be 10
feet wide and consist of 8 feet of asphalt with a 1-foot concrete strip on
either side. It will not be lighted, to discourage people from using the trail
at night, potentially reducing crime, parks development Manager David Buzzell
said.

A private company will build the bulk of the project, Buzzell said: one section
about a mile and a half long and another about a half-mile. The city recently
began looking for a builder, he said.

The developers of Colonial Grand, an apartment community that is under
construction, plan to build a section along the north side of Lake Creek from
A.W. Grimes to Lake Creek Park. D.R. Horton , developers of the Turtle Creek
neighborhood, will construct a trail on the south side of Lake Creek from the
Colonial trail. The city will build a short section that takes users toward
downtown.

Round Rock's city limits contain about 8 miles of trails, Buzzell said, and
about 13 miles in the surrounding area.

Buzzell said demand for trails has been high, though the city does not know
exactly how many people use them.

"In every survey we do, trails come out No. 1," Buzzell said. "Trails are
something all ages and lifestyles can use."

The city's trails master plan, which was written in 2004, calls for the city to
ultimately have about 50 miles of trails. The trails would run along every creek
and many streets and would connect every part of the city.

The master plan also includes the Williamson County Long Range Brushy Creek
Regional Trail Vision, which would connect Hutto to Lake Travis.

ddoolittle@statesman.com; 246-0040

LOAD-DATE: June 27, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2008 The Austin American-Statesman
                              All Rights Reserved


                              844 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                      Claremore Daily Progress (Oklahoma)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           January 26, 2011 Wednesday

Grant to allow tech upgrades at Will Rogers Library

BYLINE: Tom Fink, Claremore Daily Progress, Okla.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 695 words


Jan. 26--CLAREMORE -- Will Rogers Library visitors should soon notice a market
improvement to the library's Internet speeds, thanks to a national grant project
to benefit the library's technology department.

Estimated at a value of $87,530, the grant will enable the library's high speed
broadband capabilities to increase the library's Internet connection speed from
1.5 megabytes per second to 100 megabytes per second -- a "dramatic improvement"
in connections speeds, according to Will Rogers Library Director Sherry Beach.

"We recently were the recipients of a special grant project called 'OK Connect'
-- a statewide grant received by the Oklahoma Department of Libraries (ODL) from
the National Telecommunications and Information Administration to upgrade
broadband and computing capabilities at public libraries around the state,"
Beach said.

In addition to the upgraded connection speeds, the Will Rogers Library also will
be receiving technology upgrades for high speed video conferencing capabilities
by 2012, as well as ten laptop computers with video conferencing bundles, a room
based video conferencing systems, and supportive connection capabilities.

"Library users will have access to additional learning and career software to
help students with homework, and assist job seekers with resume creation,
interviewing skills and job testing," Beach said.

In total, 44 Oklahoma libraries will receive broadband upgrades in various forms
through the 'OK Connect' project, Beach said.

"We're one of only 12 sites in Oklahoma that will be receiving the maximum (100
mpbs) connection speed -- the others including Ardmore, Clinton, Durant,
Guthrie, Lawton, Muskogee, Pryor, Sapulpa, Shawnee, and Stillwater," she said.

The anticipated timeline for the project is that the (computer) hardware will be
purchased between April and July 2011, with the upgrade for the Internet
connection and staff training on the video conferencing equipment to be in July.

In October, the room-based video conferencing equipment, which includes a 42
inch LCD flat screen with 12x HD camera will be purchased and everything should
be "up and running" by the end of the year, Beach said.

Beach said she's looking forward to the new technologies which will be coming to
the library.

"This represents a major advantage for every aspect of our community on so many
levels, from educational opportunities to economic development" Beach said.
"With this technology available from the library, businesses and individuals
will be able to communicate on a global level with business partners, family
members, distance education providers, and so much more; essentially taking
advantage of the cutting edge of technology -- all without having to leave town,
all from the library."

The National Telecommunications and Information Administration (NTIA) awarded
the state $2.3 million through the Broadband Technology Opportunities Program,
part of the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act passed by Congress in 2009.

The Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation provided matching funds and in-kind services
worth $1 million, bringing the total to $3.3 million to implement the
improvements in Oklahoma.

"We were thrilled to receive the grant," said Oklahoma Department of Libraries
Director Susan McVey. "High speed access and new equipment will open up a host
of educational and economic opportunities for these communities, and provide
easier access to health and government information."

In addition to the 44 public library sites, other key partners in OK Connect
include the Oklahoma Department of Commerce, the National Network of Libraries
of Medicine, Hearts for Hearing, local city governments, and library friends
groups including the Friends of the Will Rogers Library.

The Will Rogers Library is located at 1515 North Florence Avenue in Claremore.

To see more of the Claremore Daily Progress, or to subscribe to the newspaper,
go to http://www.claremoreprogress.com. Copyright (c) 2011, Claremore Daily
Progress, Okla. Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For more
information about the content services offered by McClatchy-Tribune Information
Services (MCT), visit www.mctinfoservices.com.

LOAD-DATE: January 28, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20110126-XO-Grant
-to-allow-tech-upgrades-at-Will-Rogers-Library-0126-20110126

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: XO


                    Copyright 2011 Claremore Daily Progress


                              845 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                 The Irish News

                            February 1, 2016 Monday

Book recreating lost community

BYLINE: Suzanne McGonagle, s.mcgonagle@irishnews.com

SECTION: Pg. 14

LENGTH: 339 words


The vibrant past of the Sailortown area of Belfast is being documented in a bid
to "keep the fractured community alive".

With a treasure trove of evocative old photos, documents and stories, a group of
former residents are creating a book about the former Docks area.

Once home to more than 5,000 people on cobblestone streets off York Street,
including many sailors and immigrants, the enclave survived the Blitz but was
largely demolished to make way for the M2 and other development.

The Docksiders Senior Men's Group is now sharing its wealth of vivid memories
after receiving lottery funding for a new publication.

Brian Quinn (59), who was born in Sailortown in 1957 and lived there until he
was 15, said it was where "lifelong friendships were made".

"Sailortown is a broken, dispersed community but it has a very vibrant past," he
said.

"If you once lived in Sailortown, you'll always say you're from Sailortown, even
people who moved away 50 years ago.

"We just get together every week to chat about our families, our memories and
the stories you hear.

"We decided that's the one thing we have going for us - our stories - so let's
make the most of them."

After recently receiving a grant of more than £7,000 from the Big Lottery Fund's
'People and Communities Programme', the group is writing a book based on the
lives of six members who have died since it formed in 2006.

"Creating the books has been very important as it brings us together and gives
us meaning," Mr Quinn said.

"Collecting these stories is a small step to pull people together and keep them
together.

"That's always been our strength, we can tell some stories here in Sailortown.
It was always our social life.

"Through interviewing families and friends for the books, we are able to connect
with people and to connect those people to Sailortown. We are recreating the
community that was lost."

The People and Communities Programme is investing £60 million to support groups
to work with local people. For further information, see
www.biglotteryfund.org.uk/northernireland.

LOAD-DATE: February 1, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2016 The Irish News Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              846 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                        Duluth News-Tribune (Minnesota)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             August 5, 2014 Tuesday

Federal grant will help area hospitals connect databases, share information

BYLINE: Kyle Farris, Duluth News Tribune

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 452 words


Aug. 05--A federal grant soon will allow a handful of hospitals across
Northeastern Minnesota to share health information, giving patients more and
better options when deciding where to receive care.

At least, that's the plan.

"Our health system is really moving away from health being in a vacuum," said
Cassandra Beardsley, executive director at the Minnesota Wilderness Health Care
Coalition. The coalition was awarded a federal grant for $75,000 last month that
will be used to connect the health databases of nine different facilities in the
area.

"This will help us better coordinate patient care by sharing information amongst
each other," she said.

Obtained through Minnesota's State Innovation Model initiative, which originally
received the money from the federal government, the grant will be used to
implement a platform that will connect the various databases.

The hospitals will continue working from different databases, Beardsley said,
but now they will be able to exchange information remotely. That will allow the
coalition hospitals to treat patients in a more timely manner and ensure
patients are sent to the facility best equipped to care for them, she said.

"What we hope to do is identify where we have gaps in care," Beardsley said.
Under the current system, facilities sometimes experience delays transmitting
information, which can affect the quality of the care patients receive.

"Being able to exchange that information among providers is really key to
offering good patient care," she said.

Planning and implementation of the new platform will be gradual, Beardsley said,
and there still are a few legal hurdles to clear.

"It's not something where we can just push a button," she said. "There's a lot
of planning involved with something like this."

If all goes well, the planning phase of the project will be completed by early
2015, Beardsley said. The goal is to have the new platform up and working in two
years.

Wilderness Health is a collaborative care provider founded in 2013. It
encompasses nine hospitals and medical centers across the Arrowhead region,
including St. Luke's hospital in Duluth.

The grant comes from a $3.8 million pot of state money designated for electronic
health projects in Minnesota.

Wilderness Health facilities

Bigfork Valley Hospital in Bigfork

Cook Hospital in Cook

Cook County Hospital in Grand Marais

Fairview Range in Hibbing

Lake View Hospital in Two Harbors

Mercy Hospital in Moose Lake

Rainy Lake Medical Center in International Falls

St. Luke's hospital in Duluth

Community Memorial

Hospital in Cloquet

___ (c)2014 the Duluth News Tribune (Duluth, Minn.) Visit the Duluth News
Tribune (Duluth, Minn.) at www.duluthnewstribune.com Distributed by MCT
Information Services

LOAD-DATE: August 5, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20140805-DU-Federal-grant-will-help-area-hospitals-connect
-databases-share-information-0805-20140805

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: DU


                       Copyright 2014 Duluth News-Tribune


                              847 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                    The Wilson Daily Times (North Carolina)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                            January 5, 2016 Tuesday

'A LONG PROJECT'

BYLINE: Rochelle Moore, The Wilson Daily Times, N.C.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 718 words


Jan. 05--Long-awaited improvements to the U.S. 301 corridor may not be visible
for at least two years for what is expected to be a multi-year project.

Improvements will be possible following the city's federal Transportation
Investment Generating Economic Recovery grant award of $10 million, announced in
late October.

Kimberly Van Dyk, Wilson's planning and community development revitalization
director, told the Wilson Rotary Club Monday that the next two years will
involve engineering work that will set the stage for physical improvements.

"This is a long project," she said. "It could take from now until 2022 to get
completed.

"The engineering work will probably take two years. You won't actually see any
physical work or any construction being done for at least two years from now,
but that doesn't mean we aren't working hard on it."

The city will have to coordinate with DOT at the federal and state levels and
decisions will need to be made regarding the extent of the improvements.
Originally, the project was estimated to cost $18.6 million and included the
U.S. 301 corridor from Lipscomb Road to Black Creek Road.

The Wilson City Council agreed to match the $10 million grant with $3 million
and to perform some of the work at its own expense, during last-minute
negotiations before the grant was approved.

"The project that we submitted for was actually an $18 million project," Van Dyk
said. "The plans are that it would run from Lipscomb all the way down to Black
Creek Road. It's kind of amazing to think that just a little over a mile of
improvements is about $18 million dollars."

The largest cost is related to roadway, shoulder, curb and gutter infrastructure
improvements, which would also address flooding problems for the area, she said.

From Lipscomb Road to Martin Luther King Jr. Blvd., infrastructure costs are
estimated at $2.5 million. From MLK Boulevard to Black Creek Road, the same
infrastructure improvements are estimated at $3.4 million. The U.S. 301 corridor
has aging infrastructure.

"It is an older road," Van Dyk said. "It was built as a main highway, but it's
not used as a main highway any more. It's really used as a local road, even
though we don't own it."

The highway improvement project has three main goals -- to improve area
infrastructure, reduce flooding and increase safety for motorists, pedestrians
and cyclists.

"The road, currently as it exists, is really unsafe for pedestrians and cyclists
and, in fact, it is unsafe for motorists as well," Van Dyk said. "It has a very
high crash rate. One of the things we're thinking about with these improvements
is making to roadway safer for cars, trucks, as well as pedestrians and
cyclists."

The U.S. 301 corridor improvement project includes the addition of a multi-use
path along U.S. 301, which can be used by cyclists and pedestrians. Also,
improvements to three main intersections and the addition of medians.

The project is also planned to encourage new investment and development, and the
application includes the addition of sidewalks to connect to Wilson Community
College's Lee Campus. The sidewalks are designed to provide residents with
better access to job-training opportunities.

One of the reasons the city rose to the top during the competitive grant
application process was because of the project's ability to connect residents to
future job opportunities.

"One of the reasons we scored so well with this grant opportunity is because we
were able to say, 'if we can make these improvements to this roadway, it will
provide opportunities for people in this section of our community to much more
easily and safely access both the job training opportunities and the jobs,'" Van
Dyk said.

"We anticipate that this project will create more ladders of economic
opportunity in our community for our residents, and I think that's something we
can be really proud of."

The city's "U.S. 301: Road to Opportunity" grant is part of $500 million in
TIGER grants approved nationwide in 2015. Wilson was one of two cities approved
for funding in North Carolina. The city of Charlotte was also approved to
receive $25 million.

rochelle@wilsontimes.com -- 265-7818

___ (c)2016 The Wilson Daily Times (Wilson, N.C.) Visit The Wilson Daily Times
(Wilson, N.C.) at www.wilsontimes.com Distributed by Tribune Content Agency,
LLC.

LOAD-DATE: January 11, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20160105-ZW-A-LONG-PROJECT-0105-20160105

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: ZW


                     Copyright 2016 The Wilson Daily Times


                              848 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               Bega District News

                               December 23, 2013

SECTION: COMMUNITY

LENGTH: 394  words


A NEW purpose-built pathway adjacent to the Bega River reserve was officially
opened on Wednesday.

Residents can now enjoy the benefits of the pathway extension between Auckland
St and the old Bega racecourse.

The project has been a collaborative effort between Southern Rivers Management
Authority-Agricultural Extension (CMA-Ag), Bega Valley Shire Council and the
Bega River and Wetlands Landcare (BRAWL) Group.

Southern Rivers CMA-Ag project officer Shannon Brennan said the success of the
project has been driven by the community's enthusiasm and commitment towards
improving the environmental, social and recreational values of the Bega River.

'We are seeing increased use by families and tourists alike,' Ms Brennan said.

'The pathway is open to walkers and cyclists.

'It meanders its way along a one kilometre stretch of the Bega River.

'The path connects to the township of Bega via a concreted path which was
recently completed by BVSC at the end of Auckland St.

'Users now have improved access to popular swimming spots on the river and can
see the positive impact that revegetation and weed control works have had on
improving the area's local amenity and environmental values.

'The longer-term vision is to continue the pathway along the river and connect
it with the existing concreted path along Tarraganda Rd.

'The intent is to gradually rehabilitate the site by removing weeds, planting
native vegetation and installing interpretative signage to promote local
Aboriginal and European cultural heritage,' she said.

The project was jointly funded by a NSW Government Community Building
Partnership grant, NSW Environmental Trust Community Bush Regeneration grant,
Catchment Action NSW funding and the council's environmental program.

'The pathway is another great addition to Bega's open space network and is a
terrific example of a project that can deliver recreational and environmental
outcomes,' council's environment services coordinator Derek van Bracht said.

'The existing works will be complemented by extensive landscape plantings along
the track in autumn.'

Project partners wish to thank all project participants, in particular BVSC
staff, dedicated local contractors, Hayes Haulage for their assistance in
sourcing materials and volunteers from BRAWL and Mumbulla School.

For further information on this project, contact Shannon Brennan on 6491 8223.

LOAD-DATE: December 24, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


             Copyright 2013 Fairfax Media Publications Pty. Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              849 of 998 DOCUMENTS


               The Valley News-Dispatch (Tarentum, Pennsylvania)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                          September 2, 2009 Wednesday

Upper Burrell sewer connection awaits engineer's report

BYLINE: Liz Hayes, The Valley News-Dispatch, Tarentum, Pa.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 618 words


Sep. 2--Upper Burrell officials will continue to meet with two neighboring
communities to consider sewage options.

Township Engineer David Kerchner said he is reviewing a proposal to connect the
Westmoreland Business and Research Park and neighboring Chapeldale housing
development to the Washington Township Municipal Authority.

The small sewage plant treating the business park and housing development is
under a consent order from the state Department of Environmental Protection to
meet treatment standards by the end of 2010. The plant's discharge, which is
piped to Pucketa Creek along Greensburg Road, does not always meet the state's
high water quality standards.

The Westmoreland County Industrial Development Corp., which operates the
business park and the sewage plant, would rather not build a bigger private
plant because it still would be relatively small and could be thrown offline if
customers improperly dispose of chemicals and other industrial waste.

The corporation instead would like to connect to Washington Township's system,
which is in the process of several expansion projects. Part of the business park
and Chapeldale are in Washington Township.

However, the connection would need the approval of the Upper Burrell supervisors
-- who haven't yet given it.

Chairman Ross Walker III said they're waiting for their engineer's comments,
which are expected at next week's meeting of the Upper Burrell Planning
Commission. Walker said he'll support whatever option best suits Upper Burrell
residents.

Upper Burrell's supervisors balked this year when the Washington Township
connection was abruptly proposed to take advantage of a new state grant
opportunity.

Chapeldale residents also have been concerned their sewage costs -- which
already are high -- could increase.

But county officials have said the $2.5 million state grant should fund the bulk
of the estimated $3.7 million expansion, which would minimize the burden on
affected residents.

New Ken connection considered

Upper Burrell Supervisors on Tuesday agreed to enter into discussions with the
Municipal Sanitary Authority of New Kensington about a connection to that
authority.

Walker and township Solicitor Stephen Yakopec said informal plans have existed
for some time to service portions of the township through the New Kensington
authority, which also serves Lower Burrell, Arnold and part of Plum.

The idea has been to extend a sewage line out Greensburg Road and connect to the
business park's sewage pipe near Whitten Hollow Road.

Although no immediate plan exist to make that connection, Yakopec said they'd
like to have an agreement in place that would enable them to move forward should
grant money become available.

Walker estimated the connection to the Kinloch area could cost $6 million.

Since the center of the township is at a higher elevation than surrounding
communities, Walker said the most likely paths for sewage to flow would either
be down to Greensburg Road or down into Lower Burrell. Lower Burrell currently
is working to extend its own sewage line up Wildlife Lodge Road to Route 780.

No time frame exists for when a connection between Upper Burrell and New
Kensington would become a reality.

Liz Hayes can be reached at lhayes@tribweb.com or 724-226-4680.

To see more of The Valley News-Dispatch or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.pittsburghlive.com/x/valleynewsdispatch/. Copyright (c) 2009, The
Valley News-Dispatch, Tarentum, Pa. Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information
Services. For reprints, email tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call
800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax to 847-635-6968, or write to The
Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave., Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: September 3, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20090902-TV-Upper-Burrell-sewer-connection-awaits-engineer-s-report-0902

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: TV


                    Copyright 2009 The Valley News-Dispatch


                              850 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             October 5, 2015 Monday

Washington: USDA Awards $34.3 Million to Support Communities' Local Foods
Infrastructure, Increase Access to Fruits and Vegetables

LENGTH: 818 words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Washington: United States Department of Agriculture has issued the following
news release:



 Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack today helped to kick off the nation's harvest
season by announcing nearly $35 million in new funding through four grant
programs to support local and regional food systems, including farmers markets.
Secretary Vilsack has named strengthening local food systems as one of the four
pillars of USDA's efforts to revitalize rural economies and communities.
Purchases of locally-produced food have surged to nearly $12 billion under
Secretary Vilsack's leadership, while the number of farmers markets has exploded
to more than 8,500 from 5,274 in 2009.





 Today's announcement is part of a USDA-wide effort to support President Obama's
commitment to strengthening local and regional food systems. These grants are
administered by USDA's Agricultural Marketing Service (AMS) and Food and
Nutrition Service (FNS). Under the current Administration, AMS and FNS have
partnered to boost affordable access to local, fresh and healthy foods, which
creates a gateway to opportunity for small and mid-size producers and benefits
the health of all Americans, regardless of income levels.



 "Today, USDA is helping to create economic opportunities for producers,
increase access to fresh, healthy food for consumers, and connect rural and
urban communities across the country," said Secretary Vilsack. "Each of the
grants announced today targets a unique part of the growing market for local
foods. We are also expanding access for current SNAP participants to the
wonderful array of fresh produce at America's farmers markets, which is
important to a healthy diet."



 USDA's Agricultural Marketing Service is awarding $13.3 million in Farmers
Market Promotion Program grants to 164 marketing and promotion projects involved
with farmers markets, Community Supported Agriculture (CSAs), and other
direct-to-consumer outlets for local food. Since 2009, this program has funded
902 projects totaling over $59.2 million to support direct marketing efforts for
local food.



 AMS is also awarding $11.9 million in Local Food Promotion Program grants to
160 marketing and promotion projects for intermediary local food enterprises
such as food hubs, aggregation businesses, local food processors, and
farm-to-institution activities. This program, begun in 2014, has funded 351
projects totaling $24.6 million to support local/regional supply chain
activities including processing, aggregating, storing or distributing local and
regional food.



 And AMS is awarding $1 million in matching-grant funds through the
Federal-State Marketing Improvement Program. These funds are awarded through
State departments of agriculture and other agencies, as well as State colleges
and universities. The matching funds will support 15 research projects to find
solutions to challenges and opportunities in marketing, transporting, and
distributing U.S. agricultural products domestically and internationally. Since
2009, this program has funded 142 projects totaling $8.6 million to explore new
market opportunities for U.S. food and agricultural products.



 Both the Farmers Market and the Local Food Promotion Programs were made
possible by the 2014 Farm Bill. A description of the projects funded by each of
these programs is available on the AMS website.



 USDA's Food and Nutrition Service (FNS) administers the Supplemental Nutrition
Assistance Program (SNAP) Farmers Market Support Grants, which is awarding $8.1
million in grants for projects in 23 states to enhance the effectiveness of SNAP
operations at farmers markets. The new funds support broad SNAP-related
activities and costs, including staff training and technical assistance,
creating educational materials, and raising awareness among current SNAP
participants that their benefits may be used to purchase the healthy, fresh
foods at these outlets. Farmers market organizations and associations,
non-profit entities, state, local and tribal nations and other organizations
engaged in farmers market management were eligible to apply. Grantees will be
able to help connect low-income families with fresh, healthy, local food options
by expanding SNAP use at these markets. From 2009 to 2014, SNAP redemptions at
farmers markets have grown by 350 percent. A description of the projects funded
is available on the FNS website.



 Vilsack continued, "We will continue supporting local and regional food
systems, which are drawing young people back to agriculture, generating jobs,
and improving quality of life in rural communities. Since 2009, we have seen a
75% growth in farmers markets nationwide and sales of local food rose to an
estimated $12 billion in 2014, much of it through sales from farms to local
grocers, institutions and restaurants."





 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:

 editorial@plusme.com

LOAD-DATE: October 5, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              851 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                         Erie Times-News (Pennsylvania)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             January 9, 2012 Monday

Mercyhurst hopes to create walking trail through Lake City, Girard

BYLINE: Sean McCracken, Erie Times-News, Pa.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 699 words


Jan. 09--GIRARD -- A new pedestrian and bike trail could soon link downtown
Girard and Lake City with nearby attractions, including the Great Lakes Seaway
Trail.

Work will begin soon on a Mercyhurst College planning study designed to make
such a trail a reality. The trail would connect the two boroughs to farmers
markets, the Seaway Trail, parks, historical sites and the Mercyhurst West
campus at 824 Main St., Girard.

Brittany Prischak, Mercyhurst College's sustainability officer and one of the
people leading the study, said the Seaway Trail is an underused resource in the
area, and she hopes the new trail can address that.

"We want to get Girard and Lake City residents moving in that direction,"
Prischak said.

The Seaway Trail is a 518-mile driving route that extends through Erie County
along Route 5 then along the coasts of Lake Erie and Lake Ontario to Massena,
N.Y.

If completed, the trail would be a mixture of new and old.

Portions of the trail would be newly constructed, but it would also incorporate
pre-existing trails in the area and historic sites.

The new trail would also lead to the Lake Erie Community Park and Erie Bluffs
State Park.

The Mercyhurst Civics Institute will begin work on the Girard-Lake City
Recreation and Healthy Food Trail Planning Study in mid-January.

The study is funded by a $16,900 grant from the Erie Community Foundation.

Mike Batchelor, president of the Erie Community Foundation, said the foundation
is funding the study because the trail is a "great project."

"The community support is there," Batchelor said. "And I like the connectedness
of the whole thing, both physically and intellectually."

Batchelor said the trail project was one of only a few applications the
foundation has received for environmental work grants.

Prischak said the trail is intended to transform the two boroughs into a
"walkable community" and increase access to farmers markets.

"The idea is to give people a way to walk or bike to these recreation spots
instead of having to hop in a car and drive," Prischak said.

The proposed trail would connect Girard and Lake City with Mercyhurst West's
405-acre property, which includes the college's farm. The college owns 17 acres
on Elk Creek near the two borough's border that could be used for the trail.

Girard Borough Manager Rob Stubenbort said the trail plan began as two separate
projects. The first was the college's plans to build new trails on the campus,
and the second was to create new markers for historic sites throughout the
community.

Now, Mercyhurst officials plan to encompass both in one trail.

Students have already begun work on historical markers. History students have
created brochures and storyboards on Girard history that can be seen at the
Girard Borough office, 34 Main St. W. College officials hope to eventually turn
the storyboards into permanent markers throughout the borough and along the
trail.

"The borough is really excited about the project," Stubenbort said. "The trail
fits into the active, healthy lifestyle we want to promote, and we hope it
attracts people to come out" to Girard.

The trail has already received support from the Elk Creek Recreation and Leisure
Board, the Girard School District, Girard-Lake City Girl Scouts and the
Girard-Lake City Chamber of Commerce.

The centerpiece of the study will be a survey of Girard and Lake City residents
that is meant to gauge their interest and what they expect from the project.
Prischak said that survey will be available online at green.mercyhurst.edu.

Prischak, of Mercyhurst, said it is unclear exactly how much it will cost and
how long it will take to make the trail a reality.

The next step will be to map pre-existing trails and determine how to
effectively connect them. That work will largely be done by Mercyhurst College
students.

Prischak said the college still needs to secure funding to construct the trail.
She said most of the funding will likely come through Pennsylvania Department of
Conservation and Natural Resources trail grants.

SEAN McCRACKEN can be reached at 870-1714 or by e-mail.

___ (c)2012 the Erie Times-News (Erie, Pa.) Visit the Erie Times-News (Erie,
Pa.) at www.GoErie.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: January 10, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20120109-EI-Mercyhurst-hopes-to-create-walking-trail-through-Lake-City-Girard-01
09-20120109

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: EI


                         Copyright 2012 Erie Times-News


                              852 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                The Denver Post

                             March 10, 2013 Sunday
                              SUN PERSPECT Edition

Where does state stand on broadband build-out?

SECTION: PERSPECT; Pg. 3D

LENGTH: 450 words


The jury is out on whether the stimulus-funded expansion of Internet broadband
in Colorado has wasted money, but it's certainly the right question to ask.

It has been dismaying to read about the government paying to install duplicative
fiber-optic lines when this grant was intended to light up parts of the state
that do not get high-speed Internet.

We understand how some overlap may be necessary as the network expands like a
spider web to cover the state.

However, officials with EAGLE-Net, the quasi-government agency in charge of a
$100.6 million federal stimulus grant, have done a lousy job explaining the
logic behind the way it has gone about high-speed Internet expansion.

That's assuming it's defensible.

The grant, one of the largest in the country when it was awarded in 2010, was
intended to connect 230 institutions to high-speed Internet.

The idea was that once the government did the heavy lifting of laying
fiber-optic lines in rugged mountain terrain and the far reaches of the Eastern
Plains to connect schools and other educational institutions, private companies
would build out the system from there, enabling business and residences
eventually to benefit from this "middle mile" project.

According to a story in last Sunday's Denver Post by Andy Vuong, 104
institutions can have access to the EAGLE-Net system, but only 39 are connected,
and those have multiple contracts for Internet access. Only 21 institutions that
could have access are on the Western Slope -- and just two are getting services.

That track record is part of what has prompted scrutiny of the project, and
deservedly so.

We think those running EAGLE-Net ought to address these issues:

* Give the public a firm schedule about which of the so-called community anchor
institutions will be connected and when.

* If there is duplication, note it and explain why additional fiber is a wise
investment.

* EAGLE-Net is six months from its supposed completion date. Will the project be
finished on time and -- given the $96 million spent so far -- on budget? If not,
officials need to ask the federal government for an extension and provide an
explanation.

* EAGLE-Net should address the issue of compensation for its employees and
oversight of expenditures in general. The Post reported the entity has had three
chief executives and two chief financial officers, each earning more than
$200,000. Why?

The grant for broadband expansion in Colorado provided an opportunity to achieve
a laudable goal -- bringing a modern platform for communication to poorly served
or unserved communities. Its aim was to go places that private business had
found too costly to connect.

Policymakers cannot allow such an opportunity to go to waste.

LOAD-DATE: March 13, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Workers from a EAGLE-Net subcontractor work on building out broadband
Internet in Lakewood in this 2012 file photo. (The Denver Post)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2013 The Denver Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                              853 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                     Pittsburgh Post-Gazette (Pennsylvania)

                          September 17, 2009 Thursday
                                  EAST EDITION

MAGLEV GRANT MIGHT LEAD TO JOBS BONANZA \ THOUSANDS OF POSITIONS ENVISIONED DOWN
THE LINE

BYLINE: Moriah Balingit, Pittsburgh Post-Gazette

SECTION: METRO; MCKEESPORT; Pg. EZ-1

LENGTH: 448 words


The $28 million that McKeesport-based Maglev Inc. was awarded last Thursday for
continued planning of a potential Pittsburgh-area high-speed rail line will
bring only a handful of jobs into the facility, in the Industrial Center of
McKeesport.

But city officials and Maglev President and CEO Fred Gurney are heralding the
project as a potential source for thousands of jobs -- for construction of the
line and if the trains are manufactured in McKeesport.

Mayor Jim Brewster wooed the company from its facility in Monroeville about four
years ago, pointing out that the Industrial Center of McKeesport could
accommodate an expansion if the company decided to manufacture trains there,
said Bethany Bauer, the city's community development director.

Mr. Brewster did not return calls for comment.

Ms. Bauer added that she hoped the project would not only provide jobs for
residents, but also draw people into the community.

The proposed project, which could be a boon for Pittsburgh's eastern suburbs,
would connect Downtown with Monroeville and Greensburg via a high-speed rail. To
the west, it would link Downtown with Pittsburgh International Airport.

Eventually, the line would connect Pittsburgh with Philadelphia.

Maglev is a technology that elevates trains above their tracks using magnets,
making the ride smoother and faster because there is far less friction than
conventional rail. Maglev trains can travel up to 250 mph.

The federal grant gives the company money to continue planning the project and
update cost estimates in its McKeesport facility, which means there could be a
handful of jobs for engineers.

Still, the project is far from production and is competing with high-speed rail
proposals from other cities. It's been talked about on and off for about three
decades.

Mr. Gurney said if the project gets a go-ahead, his company would still be
"several months" from a production stage. But he added, optimistically, that
production of the trains and construction of the rail lines could bring
thousands of employment opportunities into the Mon Valley.

"You're not going to see immediate -- for jobs for construction and
fabrication," he said.

But, he added, "Once we get into construction, the construction jobs would be
through this region."

Mr. Gurney said the company's current facility in McKeesport could not
accommodate the kind of start-to-finish production that the high-speed trains
would require.

But the company is looking at sites in Duquesne and Neville Island, and at
possibly expanding its current site in McKeesport to create a production
facility.

He said Maglev was looking for a site that is along the river, because of the
need to transport materials in on barges.

LOAD-DATE: September 23, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES: Moriah Balingit can be reached at mbalingit@post-gazette.com or
412-263-2533. /

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2009 P.G. Publishing Co.


                              854 of 998 DOCUMENTS


            The Fayetteville Observer (Fayetteville, North Carolina)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                          September 19, 2012 Wednesday

Moore County commissioners get details on water plans

BYLINE: Steve DeVane, The Fayetteville Observer, N.C.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 499 words


Sept. 19--CARTHAGE -- Moore County commissioners heard about the county's
long-term water needs and took action to address one neighborhood's immediate
water needs Tuesday.

Public Works Director Randy Gould gave commissioners a report on potential water
sources to meet needs over the next 30 years. He said that state officials said
a previous plan to draw water from Bear Creek is not feasible.

Instead, Gould said, the county is working on plans to get water from the Deep
River. A two-phase plan would provide the county with 3 million gallons of water
a day and cost about $27.13 million, he said.

Gould said the county also can consider buying water from Harnett County.

Commissioner Tim Lea said the county does not have a water crisis. The county
has 6.6 million gallons a day in capacity with average use at 2.7 million
gallons and maximum current use of 4.7 million, he said.

"I'd just like everybody to understand we don't have a water shortage in Moore
County," Lea said.

Gould said after the meeting that the county expects to need an average of 3.2
million gallons a day, with a maximum of 5.5 million gallons a day, by 2020.
Twenty years later, the county is expected to need 4.3 million gallons a day on
average, with a maximum daily use of 7.3 million gallons.

Much of the water is expected to be needed for projected growth in Seven Lakes,
which is already the largest unincorporated area in the county. Wells in
Pinehurst now supply the community with water, but commissioners have promised
residents there a back-up source.

Another community has more immediate needs. Commissioners voted unanimously to
let Gould proceed with plans to apply for a grant to run waterlines to Edgewood
Terrace.

Gould said four houses in the area of N.C. 211 have severe water problems. One
house is totally out of water, he said.

A grant from the N.C. Rural Center may pay for 90 percent of the waterlines if
the neighborhood meets certain criteria. Based on the number of residents who
want county water, only part of the area would meet the grant requirements, he
said.

Commissioners asked Gould to meet with people in the neighborhood to see if the
grant might encourage others to connect to the county water system.

Van Cole, who lives in the area of N.C. 211, said residents had believed that
some would have to pay $10,000 to connect while others would only have to pay
$2,500.

"That just didn't sit well with people," he said.

Gould said he would talk to residents about the issue. The county's fee to
connect to the system is $1,900, he said.

In other action, commissioners voted to add signs announcing the county as home
to the U.S. Men's and Women's Opens to signs welcoming people to Moore County.
The golf tournaments are scheduled for 2014.

Staff writer Steve DeVane can be reached at devanes@fayobserver.com or 486-3572.

___ (c)2012 The Fayetteville Observer (Fayetteville, N.C.) Visit The
Fayetteville Observer (Fayetteville, N.C.) at www.fayobserver.com Distributed by
MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: September 19, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20120919-FY-Moore-County-commissioners-get-details-on-water-plans-0919-20120919

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: FY


                    Copyright 2012 The Fayetteville Observer


                              855 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       Eureka Times Standard (California)

                             June 4, 2011 Saturday

Yurok Tribe deploys public safety line through new white space technology

BYLINE: The Times-Standard

SECTION: NEWS; Local

LENGTH: 351 words


The Yurok Tribe has announced the establishment of a dedicated public safety
line for its reservation through recently deployed technology from an
Arcata-based company.

According to a press release, the public safety agency shared a single line with
the entire reservation, causing communication bottlenecks and slower
connections. The new dedicated line, made possible by Carlson Wireless' white
space technology used to bring broadband to rural locations, will allow public
safety agencies to access criminal databases and eventually be able to conduct
live video training with their firefighters. Support clinics will be able to
perform virtual telemedicine and implement an emergency services plan that is
completely self-sufficient.

The tribe is the first tribe to utilize the new technology developed by Carlson
Wireless.

Jim Norton, broadband manager for the Yurok Tribe, said the project has been
dubbed Yurok Connect Project. The project is expected to be completed by this
summer.

"It came about essentially as a result of years of frustration experienced by
our IT director, Paul Romero, in trying to deliver Internet, networking, and
telecommunications services throughout the Yurok offices and education
facilities that are spread across the reservation -- and in particular, the
public safety offices," Norton said in a press release.

The project serves public safety entities but also provides Internet access for
businesses and tribal offices on the reservation, as well as the majority of the
Internet-starved population on and surrounding the reservation. Norton estimates
that the project will connect approximately 70 to 80 percent of the rural
reservation to Internet services.

Funding for the Yurok Connect Project has come from a variety of sources,
including the California Consumer Protection Foundation, the California
Emergency Management Agency, Public Safety Interoperability (PSIC) grants, and
the Infrastructure Protection Grants unit in Sacramento. The majority of the
funding came from the U.S. Department of Agriculture's Rural Utilities Service
Community Connect grant program.

LOAD-DATE: June 4, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2011 Times - Standard
                              All Rights Reserved


                              856 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               Carmarthen Journal

                           January 16, 2008 Wednesday

Groups get blogging to connect

SECTION: Pg. 2

LENGTH: 198 words


Carmarthenshire Association of Voluntary Services (Cavs) has launched a new
webblog project.

Carmarthenshire Connect is aimed at community groups in the county's Communities
First areas, following a grant from Communities@One.

The project offers groups the opportunity to share news, activities and
interests by publishing photos, videos and audio clips on Carmarthenshire
Connect's specially created blog.

The project uses mobile phone cameras to capture the images and audio clips.

Project co-ordinator Chris Lewis  said: "This  is an excellent opportunity for
groups to learn about blogging and to promote the work and activities  they do
within their community.

"The blog will become a virtual hub where  groups can come together, share their
interests and publicise their activities."

The initiative is funded jointly through the European Union Objective 1 and 2
programme and the  Assembly Government, and is delivered by the Wales
Co-operative Centre.

Clare Withey, Cavs information officer, said: "Carmarthenshire Connect aims to
remove some of the barriers that stop people getting involved in new
technology."

For more information  call 01554 777801 or  email  info@carmsconnect.org.uk

LOAD-DATE: January 17, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2008 Carmarthen Journal
                              All Rights Reserved


                              857 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                    The Wilson Daily Times (North Carolina)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                          February 10, 2016 Wednesday

Elm City projects address water, sidewalks

BYLINE: Janet Conner-Knox, The Wilson Daily Times, N.C.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 603 words


Feb. 10--Elm City officials are excited about the announcement that they will
receive $775,000 from the State Water Infrastructure Authority and the Community
Development Block Grant Infrastructure grant program.

Jonathan Russell, town manger, said the application was competitive. There was
over $14 million available this year and 40 cities applied for the grants. Of
that 40, eight cities were awarded money.

Russell said they will put the money to good use.

"The project consists of replacing some older lines that are in town and
upgrading a few of the smaller lines to increase our fire flow," Russell said.
"It will replace roughly a mile of water lines."

Russell said the lines that are being replaced are older and undersized in the
Gray and Pine Street neighborhood areas in the western part of town. In
addition, they will be working in West Wilson Street off Barnes and Anderson
Street.

He said by replacing the lines in that one section of town, they will improve
water quality town wide.

"It will also help any brown water issues we may have and just help water
quality overall for the town," Russell said. "We had applied for this grant for
the third time. I guess the third time was the charm."

The engineering reports and environmental studies have been done as part of the
application. The construction documents will be put up for bid in about 60 days.
Construction could begin as soon as the spring.

SIDEWALKS

Officials have just completed a sidewalk project where they've done roughly a
quarter mile that interconnects with existing sidewalks.

"The portion that we've just completed on West Main Street connects Parker
Street to the post office," Russell said. "It really just connects the post
office with the existing sidewalks we have."

Russell said sidewalks encourage pedestrian traffic.

"It's good for your health when you can make it easier for people to get out and
walk," Russell said.

Russell said the town did some citizen surveys, and sidewalks was one thing they
said they wanted more of in the town.

Russell said there is an expense in putting in the walkways so they increase the
sidewalks in phases.

"The recent sidewalks were funded through Powell, which is state funding through
the gas tax," Russell said, "We get that funding and that is how we used the
most recent money that we received."

EMS BUILDING

The Elm City EMS station is up and running, according to Russell.

"It's a great asset to the community," Russell said. "It is good for Elm City,
but it also serves the northern portion of the county. It is a good service to
this end and we've gotten a lot of nice complements about it."

The new building is on North Parker Street.

"We appreciate what the county did on that," Russell said. "It makes everyone
safer."

TRAIN DEPOT

Town officials are looking to use the old train depot for a community center
with the larger space rented out for wedding receptions and meetings. The two
smaller waiting rooms will be converted to an Elm City railroad history museum
and they hope to wire the other small room to have GED classes from Wilson
Community College. Russell said the Wilson Agriculture Center has also expressed
the desire to teach gardening, green living and canning classes there as well.

But work will have to be done to upgrade the building.

"We're working with USDA on the funding range and how the money will be
structured," Russell said.

All bid information will be published in The Wilson Times.

janet@wilsontimes.com -- 265-7847

___ (c)2016 The Wilson Daily Times (Wilson, N.C.) Visit The Wilson Daily Times
(Wilson, N.C.) at www.wilsontimes.com Distributed by Tribune Content Agency,
LLC.

LOAD-DATE: February 11, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20160210-ZW-Elm-City-projects-address-water-sidewalks-0210-20160210

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: ZW


                     Copyright 2016 The Wilson Daily Times


                              858 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                     The Chronicle (Centralia, Washington)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                            January 13, 2017 Friday

BRIEF: Tenino, Bucoda Receive Grant for Trail Extension Efforts

BYLINE: The Chronicle, Centralia, Wash.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 185 words


Jan. 13--The city of Tenino will receive a nearly $65,000 slice of a grant to
examine connecting trails in west Tenino and Bucoda, and possibly making
additional extensions into Lewis County.

The funding is provided by a Regional Transportation Alternatives Program grant.
The city will provide more than $10,000 in matching funds, bringing the total
amount to roughly $75,000.

The funding will go toward examining the possibility of extending the
Yelm-Tenino Trail, which connects the cities of Yelm, Rainier, Tenino, Lacey,
Olympia and Tumwater.

Tenino is in partnership with Bucoda to extend the current trail south, parallel
with state Route 507 to Bucoda. Eventually, according to a press release from
the city of Tenino, the trail could connect with the city of Centralia.

Bucoda is the only incorporated community in Thurston County that is not
connected to the regional trail network by dedicated bicycle and pedestrian
facilities, according to the press release.

___ (c)2017 The Chronicle (Centralia, Wash.) Visit The Chronicle (Centralia,
Wash.) at www.chronline.com Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: January 15, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20170113-1CE-BRF-Tenino-Bucoda-Receive-Grant
-for-Trail-Extension-Efforts-0113-20170113

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1CE


                          Copyright 2017 The Chronicle


                              859 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                     The Journal Record (Oklahoma City, OK)

                              May 6, 2010 Thursday

The Journal Record Business Briefs: May 6, 2010

BYLINE: Journal Record Staff

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 1518  words


Coury Collection to manage McBirney Mansion

The Coury Collection has been selected to oversee operation of Tulsa's McBirney
Mansion and plans to upgrade the 83-year-old inn.

"We're pleased and honored to be tapped to manage one of Tulsa's architectural
gems," said Paul Coury, president of The Coury Collection. "While the McBirney
Mansion is in good condition, we plan to implement several upgrades in the
coming months to simply 'refresh' the property in ways that will improve guests'
experience while staying true to the integrity of the mansion. "

Listed on the National Register of Historic Places, the 12,000-square-foot
mansion was built in 1927 by James H. McBirney at 1414 S. Galveston and
overlooks the Arkansas River. After years as a private residence, it housed law
offices and a medical clinic before becoming a six-bedroom bed and breakfast
inn.

While WSL Properties LLC retains full ownership of the property, the Coury
Collection will manage day-to-day inn operations and plans to incorporate new
draperies, bed and bath linens and the Gilchrist & Soames line of luxury bath
products. The mansion's banquet facility also will receive updates.

Since the transition in management, landscaping and outdoor furniture have been
added to the mansion's event areas, which feature a pond and a natural spring.
The mansion's carriage house will be remodeled as a private suite separate from
the main inn.

Coury said there are no plans to increase the number of guest rooms or to add a
spa or other amenities beyond the inn's existing structure.

The Coury Collection operates Hotel Ambassador, which it restored and reopened
in 1999 as a 55-room boutique hotel. The Ambassador in downtown Tulsa was built
in 1929. The firm also manages the Colcord Hotel, built in 1910 in downtown
Oklahoma City.

Tough Enough to Wear Pink set at Remington Park

The entire horse-racing community and its supporters have been challenged to
forego regular race attire on Sunday for pink silks, hats or shirts for the
second annual Tough Enough to Wear Pink - Betting on a Cure event at Remington
Park.

The Mother's Day event sponsored by Remington Park and the Oklahoma Quarter
Horse Racing Association is a benefit to raise money for cancer research.

Tough Enough to Wear Pink will include live racing, a live auction and other
activities to support cancer survivors and cancer research.

One race during the evening will be designated as the Survivor Race, in which
all jockeys will wear hot pink silks to honor cancer survivors and victims.

Tough Enough to Wear Pink illustrates the scope of cancer and its effects on our
community, said Scott Wells, Remington Park president and general manager.

"Knowing firsthand that a number of horse owners, trainers and personnel have
had to endure cancer treatment either themselves or as a supportive loved one is
an inspiration to all of us at Remington Park," said Wells. "Tough Enough to
Wear Pink is our way of bringing awareness to and raising funds for two dynamic
local organizations that exist with the sole purpose to support cancer patients
and their families. "

Toni Fry is a cancer survivor and horse trainer.

"It was humbling to experience the unwavering support of not only my family
members, but my friends in the horse-racing community, during treatment," said
Fry. "Whether it was to extend their encouragement or to share a personal story,
the feeling that I was not alone in this fight was overwhelming at times. "

The day's activities begin at 5 p.m. and continue through live American quarter
horse and mixed-breed racing at Remington Park, which begins at 6:25 p.m. The
Survivor Race, ninth in the lineup, is slated for about 9:25 p.m.

Park patrons will be able to purchase special pink event T-shirts, wristbands
and pins, as well as make monetary donations and bid on special items during the
live auction. Featuring an autographed guitar from Toby Keith, vacation packages
and a football signed by three University of Oklahoma Heisman Trophy winners,
the live auction begins at 7:30 p.m. in the Eclipse Room.

Money raised from the event will be distributed to Ally's House and Rein in
Cancer, two local organizations that support cancer research and families
affected by the disease.

Remington Park's American quarter horse and mixed-breed season ends May 31 -
Memorial Day.

Apco reports drop in earnings

Apco Oil and Gas International Inc. on Thursday reported net income for the
first quarter of $4 million, or 14 cents per share, down from $5 million, or 17
cents per share, for the first quarter of 2009.

Revenue for the quarter totaled $19.8 million, up from $17.2 million a year
earlier.

Increased operating expenses offset the gain in revenue. Operating expenses for
the quarter totaled $17.5 million, up from $14 million. The increase in
operating expenses included higher costs for seismic information and income
taxes.

"We're very pleased with the level of net income achieved given the amount of
seismic expenditure we incurred during this quarter," said Ralph Hill,
Tulsa-based Apco's chairman and CEO.

Total sales volumes for the quarter of 592,040 barrels of oil equivalent
applicable to Apco's consolidated interest increased 3 percent from a year
earlier. Apco has interests in nine oil and gas concessions and two exploration
permits in Argentina and two exploration and production contracts in Colombia.

Mason & Moon receives Subway awards

Mason & Moon Advertising of Oklahoma City received the Agency of the Year and
Best Use of a Celebrity in Broadcast awards at the Subway Team Operations,
Marketing and Planning Summit at the Gaylord Opryland in Nashville, Tenn.

Mason & Moon was selected from 27 local agencies for Agency of the Year. It was
the third time the agency has won the award.

Mason & Moon received the Best Use of a Celebrity in Broadcast Award for a
television commercial created for the Dallas-Fort Worth market to promote the
new breakfast menu by using longtime Subway spokesman Jason Fogle as the center
point of the commercial.

Mason & Moon began working with Subway in 1990. The agency currently works with
27 Subway markets in six states, which includes about 2,600 Subway stores.

Smith & Wesson official to speak to AMAOKC

Michael Golden, president and CEO of Smith & Wesson, will be the speaker for the
American Marketing Association Oklahoma City's luncheon meeting at 11:30 p.m.
Thursday at Will Rogers Theatre, 4322 N. Western Ave., Oklahoma City.

The cost is $18 for members, $28 for nonmembers, $14 for student members and $19
for student nonmembers. For registration information, visit www.amaokc.org.

Cox to award grants to state nonprofit organizations

The Cox Connects Community Investment Grants are now available through the Cox
Connects Foundation.

In 2010, the Cox Connects Foundation will award more than $290,000 to Oklahoma
City and Tulsa area nonprofit organizations. Applications are available at
www.coxconnectsok.com. July 1 is the deadline for applications.

The Cox Connects Foundation provides community investment grants up to $5,000.
The grants are designed to assist nonprofit organizations that provide programs
that benefit communities in the Oklahoma City and Tulsa Cox Communications
service areas.

"The Cox Connects Foundation is funded and directed by Oklahoma employees, who
decide how every dollar is invested back into the community," said Tiffani
Bruton, director of public affairs. "Our company is passionate about supporting
local programs that positively impact Oklahomans and the communities where we do
business. If a local nonprofit organization seeks funding for a program, this is
a great opportunity to apply. "

Aviation summit scheduled June 1-4

The 2010 Oklahoma Aerospace Summit and Expo scheduled June 1 to 4 at the Cox
Business Services Convention Center in Oklahoma City will include a panel
discussion on challenges and threats to the aviation industry.

Ed Bolen, president and CEO of the National Business Aviation Association, will
be the moderator for the panel discussion, "Threats to General and Business
Aviation," scheduled from 10 a.m. to 11:30 a.m. June 2. The panel discussion
will include Victor Bird, director, Oklahoma Aeronautics Commission; Pete Bunce,
president and CEO, General Aviation Manufacturers Association; Jim Coyne,
president, National Air Transportation Association; Craig Fuller, president and
CEO, Aircraft Owners and Pilots Association; and Henry Ogrodzinski, president
and CEO, National Association of State Aviation Officials.

Speakers at the summit will include William C. Greenwalt, director of federal
acquisition policy with Lockheed Martin Corp., and Rich Stephens, senior vice
president with Boeing Co.

For registration information, visit www.okaero.com/summit.

Piedmont Chamber sets annual golf tournament

The Piedmont Chamber of Commerce's annual golf tournament is scheduled May 21 at
Surrey Hills Golf Club. Play will begin at 1 p.m. Registration and lunch will
begin at 11:30 a.m.

For information about sponsorships or playing in the tournament, call Eric
Anderson at (405) 373-1600.

A hole sponsorship is $50. The entry fee is $75 per person or $300 for a
foursome.

LOAD-DATE: May 13, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: General news

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2010 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved


                              860 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                The Toronto Star

                             June 12, 2014 Thursday

Grad students combine research and Islam to promote good health

SECTION: LIVING; Pg.

LENGTH: 654 words

DATELINE: 20140612


Two McMaster graduate students were wrapping up a community presentation on
mental health when members of the audience began approaching them, in tears.

The audience had just experienced an eye-opening discussion in which some had
learned that symptoms they had battled privately were in fact the hallmarks of
recognized conditions such as depression and anxiety, and that treatment was
readily available.

For the first time, someone had told them they were not alone and that they were
not to blame.

The presentation had been organized by a group of McMaster graduate students who
for the past year have been visiting Muslim organizations from Hamilton to
Toronto to talk about healthy active living in a religious and cultural context.

"When we said there's treatment and help available for you, they were so
relieved," said Kashmala Qasim, a member of the group. She and her fellow
presenter pointed out there were religious supplications available for anxiety
and depression, in conjunction with psychotherapy. "We put science and Islam
together and they were really relieved."

The group is operating on a recently extended grant from SPICES - Student
Proposals for Intellectual Community Engaged Scholarship - a program operated by
McMaster's School of Graduate Studies that encourages graduate students to
initiate interdisciplinary projects that connect their studies to the community.

"We want to connect people to research, so it's easier for them," said Siddiqi.
"We see the need that is out there, and if we can get information out there, it
helps everybody grow, be aware of the problems that are out there and mitigate
the risks."

The Healthy Active Living group started with just three people: Qasim, Naushin
Sholapur and Asim Siddiqi. Qasim has completed her master's degree in
neuroscience, while Sholapur (health research methodology) and Siddiqi
(neuroscience and engineering design) are working on theirs. The three had
previously worked as volunteers helping undergraduate Muslim students.

Despite the intensity of their studies, they also felt compelled to use their
access to research and knowledge at McMaster to help people who needed it in the
broader community. Sometimes accompanied by experts in particular fields, they
talk to children adults and seniors alike about subjects related to nutrition,
fitness and mental health.

Their group has made presentations to groups as small as 25 and as large as 300,
in mosques, schools and other venues, using an approach that aligns academic
research and knowledge with Muslim customs and values. They fulfil their
ambitious mandate by working with a team of undergraduate volunteers.

"The Islamic community is very diverse in terms of ethnicity, demographics and
socio-economic status. But the one thing that connects this community is that
they make a lot of decisions based on religious scripture," said Sholapur. "When
we talk about healthy active living, it's very important to contextualize it in
that framework."

Their presentations offer ways to resolve the apparent conflict between the
Islamic requirement for public modesty and the benefits of swimming, for
example, or to overcome the nutritional challenges of observing Ramadan, a full
month of not eating or drinking liquids between sunrise and sunset.

The demographics of the Muslim community in Canada are skewed toward newcomers
and first-generation Canadians whose families are adapting to life in a new
country, a transition that can get stalled without help, say the members of the
group.

Many do not realize, for example, that there are Muslim therapists and
counsellors who understand their specific cultural circumstances and can treat
them in a comfortable context. They see their SPICES project as a major exercise
in knowledge translation, and say that McMaster's support lends tremendous
credibility to their work.

Members of the group are available by email at spices.healthyliving@gmail.com

LOAD-DATE: July 8, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: 'When we said there's treatment and help available for you, they were
so relieved,' said Kashmala Qasim, a member of the Healthy Active Living group.
From left to right: Asim Siddiqi, Naushin Sholapur and Qasim.

DOCUMENT-TYPE: COLUMN

PUBLICATION-TYPE: NEWSPAPER


                 Copyright 2014 Toronto Star Newspapers Limited


                              861 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                Ottawa East News

                              July 18, 2016 Monday
                                 Final Edition

Pedestrian bridge renamed to honour community leader Max Keeping

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 420  words


At a special ceremony before the Champions baseball game on July 16, the
Coventry pedestrian and cycling bridge over Highway 417 was renamed to honour
community leader Max Keeping.

And the significance of the renaming couldn't mean more for members of Keeping's
family.

"I knew that they were wanting to name a street after him for some time. To name
this bridge was something all that more special," said Keeping's son Josh Frye.

Keeping was diagnosed with prostate cancer in 2003; he died in October 2015. He
raised more than $100 million for organizations, including CHEO, Roger's House,
the United Way, the Boys and Girls Club, Operation Come Home and the Cancer
Foundation.

With CHEO on one side of the bridge - albeit distant - and the Champions stadium
on the other, it connects two of Keeping's great loves.

"Max was a bridge builder, he brought people together and he was an individual
who raised tens of millions of dollars for local charities," Mayor Jim Watson
said. "He loved CHEO, which is on the other side of the highway, he loved
baseball and that bridge brings those two great institutions together."

The bridge connects the Overbrook community, Raymond Chabot Grant Thornton Park,
the Via Rail station and the future Tremblay Station of the O-Train
Confederation Line.

"That will be one of the most used bridges when the LRT is completed," Watson
said.

Signs will be installed at the entrances of the bridge, as well as on the
highway, so drivers will know the significance as well.

A commemorative plaque, as well as what the bridge signs will look like, were
unveiled just prior to Frye throwing the first pitch to begin the team's game
against the Rockland Boulders.

"We wanted to have it not just at an event at the side of the bridge, we wanted
to have it during a baseball game so that more people can celebrate Max's life,"
Watson said.

The significance was not lost on Frye.

"Of course it means a lot, but it's that much more special because I remember my
dad and I coming and watching the Ottawa Lynx and all I wanted to do was eat
hotdogs and throw baseball pitches," he said with a smile.

Frye said his dad would have been the first to decline the honour of having
something in the city named after him.

"But he'd be very humbled and honoured," he said.

"He was very private when it came to talking about his family in public, but for
his family to get this opportunity in the spotlight would probably make him
laugh a little more and smile a little wider - that his legacy is being carried
on through us."

LOAD-DATE: July 20, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                                 Copyright 2016
                              All Rights Reserved


                              862 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                  thespec.com

                             June 12, 2014 Thursday

Grad students combine research and Islam to promote good health

SECTION: LIVING

LENGTH: 654 words


Two McMaster graduate students were wrapping up a community presentation on
mental health when members of the audience began approaching them, in tears.

The audience had just experienced an eye-opening discussion in which some had
learned that symptoms they had battled privately were in fact the hallmarks of
recognized conditions such as depression and anxiety, and that treatment was
readily available.

For the first time, someone had told them they were not alone and that they were
not to blame.

The presentation had been organized by a group of McMaster graduate students who
for the past year have been visiting Muslim organizations from Hamilton to
Toronto to talk about healthy active living in a religious and cultural context.

"When we said there's treatment and help available for you, they were so
relieved," said Kashmala Qasim, a member of the group. She and her fellow
presenter pointed out there were religious supplications available for anxiety
and depression, in conjunction with psychotherapy. "We put science and Islam
together and they were really relieved."

The group is operating on a recently extended grant from SPICES - Student
Proposals for Intellectual Community & Engaged Scholarship - a program operated
by McMaster's School of Graduate Studies that encourages graduate students to
initiate interdisciplinary projects that connect their studies to the community.

"We want to connect people to research, so it's easier for them," said Siddiqi.
"We see the need that is out there, and if we can get information out there, it
helps everybody grow, be aware of the problems that are out there and mitigate
the risks."

The Healthy Active Living group started with just three people: Qasim, Naushin
Sholapur and Asim Siddiqi. Qasim has completed her master's degree in
neuroscience, while Sholapur (health research methodology) and Siddiqi
(neuroscience and engineering design) are working on theirs. The three had
previously worked as volunteers helping undergraduate Muslim students.

Despite the intensity of their studies, they also felt compelled to use their
access to research and knowledge at McMaster to help people who needed it in the
broader community. Sometimes accompanied by experts in particular fields, they
talk to children adults and seniors alike about subjects related to nutrition,
fitness and mental health.

Their group has made presentations to groups as small as 25 and as large as 300,
in mosques, schools and other venues, using an approach that aligns academic
research and knowledge with Muslim customs and values. They fulfil their
ambitious mandate by working with a team of undergraduate volunteers.

"The Islamic community is very diverse in terms of ethnicity, demographics and
socio-economic status. But the one thing that connects this community is that
they make a lot of decisions based on religious scripture," said Sholapur. "When
we talk about healthy active living, it's very important to contextualize it in
that framework."

Their presentations offer ways to resolve the apparent conflict between the
Islamic requirement for public modesty and the benefits of swimming, for
example, or to overcome the nutritional challenges of observing Ramadan, a full
month of not eating or drinking liquids between sunrise and sunset.

The demographics of the Muslim community in Canada are skewed toward newcomers
and first-generation Canadians whose families are adapting to life in a new
country, a transition that can get stalled without help, say the members of the
group.

Many do not realize, for example, that there are Muslim therapists and
counsellors who understand their specific cultural circumstances and can treat
them in a comfortable context. They see their SPICES project as a major exercise
in knowledge translation, and say that McMaster's support lends tremendous
credibility to their work.

Members of the group are available by email at spices.healthyliving@gmail.com

LOAD-DATE: July 7, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2014 Toronto Star Newspapers, Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              863 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                  Prince Rupert Daily News (British Columbia)

                          November 30, 2005 Wednesday
                                 Final Edition

Bridging with the Internet

BYLINE: The Daily News

SECTION: LOCAL; Pg. 3

LENGTH: 371  words


Thirty B.C. communities have received funding from the province to help them
bridge the digital divide through broadband Internet access.

NetworkBC, through the First Nations Technology Council (FNTC) and the British
Columbia Community Connectivity Co-operative (BC3), has provided $600,000 in
Community Networking Infrastructure Grants for the purchase of 'last mile'
infrastructure necessary to connect local Internet providers with a broadband
point of presence in their communities.

These grants of up to $20,000 will help bring Internet access to homes and
businesses in 30 remote, rural and First Nations communities.

Communities and organization on the North and Central Coast which have received
funding include Bella Bella ( the Waglisla, Heiltsuk First Nation)/Heiltsuk
Cablevision, Bella Coola ( the Nuxalk), Hagensborg, Shearwater/Central Coast
Communications Society, Gitanyow/Gitanyow Band Council, Kitamaat
Village/Kitamaat Village Council, Lax Kw'alaams/Lax Kw'alaams Academy,
Sandspit/Misty Isles TV Society, Skidegate/Skidegate Band Council and
Stewart/Onewayout.net Society.

"Internet connectivity will help improve opportunities for education, health
care and business," said Mike de Jong, Minister of Labour and Citizen's
Services.

"This is another important step toward our goal of becoming the best educated,
most literate jurisdiction on the continent."

"The First Nations Technology Council welcomes the leadership the Province has
shown with this funding, but much remains to be done. We look forward to working
with the Province to make sure all our communities benefit from the
possibilities emerging technology offers," said Grand Chief Edward John of the
First Nations Summit.

"The task of bringing broadband connectivity to remote regions of the Province
is as challenging as it is necessary," said Arvo Koppel, chair of BC3.

"We know that success in these 30 communities will provide a great model for the
remaining rural regions that are still striving to get connected."

NetworkBC is a dedicated project office within the Ministry of Labour and
Citizens' Services, working with British Columbia communities and the private
sector to connect all B.C. communities to broadband telecommunications networks.

LOAD-DATE: February 17, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2005 Prince Rupert Daily News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              864 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             August 22, 2014 Friday

Utah: Cleveland Foundation Awards $5 Million for Trail Project

LENGTH: 259  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Foundation Center, The State of Utah has issued the following news release:

The project will connect the trail -- to be renamed the Cleveland Foundation
Centennial Trail in recognition of the gift -- with the Ohio & Erie Canal
Towpath at the southern end of Scranton Peninsula and traverse a 1.3-mile
abandoned railroad right-of-way through the West Bank of the Flats, terminating
at Wendy Park on Whiskey Island. As part of its Parks for People - Cleveland
program, the Trust for Public Land is collaborating with Cleveland Metroparks,
the City of Cleveland, Cuyahoga County, LAND Studio, Inc., and other community
partners to increase parkland and trails that connect Cleveland neighborhoods
with Lake Erie.

The grant is part of the foundation's centennial legacy grant series and follows
a $200,000 grant awarded last year to support the transfer of the city's
lakefront parks to Cleveland Metroparks.

"Lake Erie is our region's most prized natural asset, yet too many residents
have never been to the shores of the largest freshwater system on Earth," said
Cleveland Foundation president and CEO Ronn Richard. "By helping to connect
Cleveland to our lakefront, we can promote healthy living, stimulate economic
development, and, ultimately, create a green city on a blue lake. We can't
imagine a more fitting tribute to the people and the place that not only created
our foundation a hundred years ago, but continue to partner with us in our
second century of place-based impact."

For further information please visit: http://www.philanthropynewsdigest.org/

LOAD-DATE: August 22, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              865 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                     The Journal Record (Oklahoma City, OK)

                             March 4, 2010 Thursday

Journal Record Nonprofit Briefs: March 4, 2010

BYLINE: Journal Record Staff

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 1834  words


The Brightmusic Society of Oklahoma has elected three new members of its board
of directors - Andrew B. Peterson, Deborah Senner and Kip Welch.

Peterson is an attorney with McAfee & Taft.

Senner is president of Allied Arts.

Welch is director of recruitment at Chesapeake Energy Corp.

Alzheimer's Association chapter to get new CEO

Mark Fried, executive vice president of the Alzheimer's Association Oklahoma and
Arkansas Chapter, will succeed Judi Ver Hoef as CEO of the chapter effective
July 1.

Ver Hoef will become a consultant for the national Alzheimer's Association.

Fried joined the chapter in 2005 in Oklahoma City and recently became
responsible for operations in Arkansas.

Center for Community and Justice names director

The Oklahoma Center for Community and Justice has named Jeff Matthews its first
full-time program director.

Matthews, a Tulsa native, has spent most of his career in Fort Worth, where he
worked for Bell Helicopter Textron and the Fort Worth Opportunity Center.

He has been involved in diversity-related nonprofits. He was a board member for
the National Conference of Christians and Jews and was director of Camp Anytown
in Texas, a program for teenagers.

Nancy Day, executive director of OCCJ, said having a full-time program director
will enable the nonprofit organization to have a broader, deeper impact on the
community and the state.

Matthews graduated from Tulsa Edison High School and Texas Christian University.

Organizations receive grants

MIDWEST CITY - Grant money available through the 2009 Renaissance Run in Midwest
City has been awarded to six community nonprofit organizations in eastern
Oklahoma County.

The Renaissance Run funds are administered through a special event fund with the
city of Midwest City.

Organization selected to receive grants are the Choctaw Senior Citizen Center,
Project Concern, Shepherds of Love Ministries, YMCA, ArtzPlace Oklahoma and Girl
Scouts of Western Oklahoma.

The grants were awarded by Kathy Hefton, Renaissance Run chairman, and Fran
Gilles, treasurer.

Thompson appointed to Cerebral Palsy Commission

NORMAN - Chuck Thompson, president and CEO of Republic Bank and Trust in Norman,
has been appointed to serve a three-year term on the Cerebral Palsy Commission
by Gov. Brad Henry.

The commission is the governing board of directors for the J.D. McCarty Center
for children with developmental disabilities in Norman.

McLain named to post with Okla. Shakespearean Festival

DURANT - Dell McLain, chair of the Art, Communication and Theatre Department at
Southeastern Oklahoma State University, has been named associate artistic
director of the Oklahoma Shakespearean Festival.

The festival will have its 31st season this summer.

East Main Place hires executive director

NORMAN - Virginia "Ginny" Corson has been appointed executive director of East
Main Place, a nonprofit transitional housing program for homeless families and
individuals in Norman.

Corson's career began with the U.S. Navy as an ombudsman between enlisted
personnel and officers. Corson has worked as an in-home skills trainer helping
mentally disabled adults learn how to care for themselves and also worked in a
school for developmentally challenged children. Most recently, Corson worked for
Central Oklahoma Community Action Agency.

Blended Love appoints executive director

TULSA - Sasha Townsend has been appointed executive director of Blended Love.

The mission of Tulsa-based Blended Love is to support the child of divorce and
the teachers and staff dealing with increased divorce rates.

Townsend is Oklahoma's 2010 Mrs. Tulsa and an adult child of divorce, school
tutor and volunteer.

Former Edmond resident to teach in Rwanda

OKLAHOMA CITY - The Institute for Economic Empowerment of Women has hired a
former Edmond resident and Oklahoma Christian University professor to coordinate
classes for its Peace Through Business program in Kigali, Rwanda.

Peace Through Business provides business training for women in Rwanda and
Afghanistan.

Holly Hixson, the 2010 Rwandan facilitator for in-country education, will help
teach the business curriculum provided by the nonprofit institute, schedule
speakers for the classes and monitor testing.

"Holly is essentially our eyes and ears on the ground in Rwanda," said Terry
Neese, founder and CEO of the Oklahoma City-based institute.

The in-country portion of the program lasts until March 26, when the women will
participate in a graduation ceremony. Fifteen students from each country will be
selected to travel to the United States in June for further training and
mentorship with an American woman business owner, including Oklahoma City and
Edmond businesswomen.

Hixson holds a bachelor's degree in chemistry from Oklahoma State University and
a doctorate's degree from Kansas State University. She taught at Oklahoma
Christian University for three years. In 2006, she traveled to Rwanda with her
family as one of Oklahoma Christian's 10 Rwandan Presidential Scholars. Hixson
and her family moved to Rwanda in 2007.

Layden elected president of Legal Aid Services

OKLAHOMA CITY - The board of directors of Legal Aid Services of Oklahoma has
elected attorney Patrick Layden, a McAlester attorney, as president.

Layden, who represents the Pittsburg County Bar Association on Legal Aid's
board, has been a member since 2002. Earlier he served on the board of Legal
Services of Eastern Oklahoma.

Eleanor Thompson, Oklahoma City, was elected vice president, and Lucille Logan,
Oklahoma City, was elected secretary-treasurer. Thompson represents the Oklahoma
City Association of Black Lawyers and Logan represents the Northeast Area
Council of Oklahoma County.

Legal Aid Services of Oklahoma is a not-for-profit law firm providing free civil
legal assistance to eligible low-income individuals and their families and to
elderly people.

OSU foundation hires development director

STILLWATER - The Oklahoma State University Foundation has hired Stephanie
Hueftle Vogel as senior director of development and Benjamin C. Stahmann as
senior director of gift planning.

Vogel, from Eustis, Neb., was with the University of Nebraska Foundation for
five years. She earned a bachelor's degree in journalism and public relations
and a master of arts in education degree in speech communication from the
University of Nebraska at Kearney. She also earned a doctor of education in
educational administration and higher education leadership from the University
of Nebraska-Lincoln.

Vogel's husband, Jason Vogel, is an assistant professor in the OSU Biosystems
and Agricultural Engineering Department.

Stahmann, from Orem, Utah, was national director of gift-planning/endowment
counsel at the Boy Scouts of America National Office. He earned a bachelor's
degree in history in 1991 from Brigham Young University and a juris doctor in
1994 from the J. Reuben Clark Law School at BYU.

Jones appointed chair of cancer advocacy group

OKLAHOMA CITY - Bernard M. Jones, dean of admissions at Oklahoma City University
School of Law, has been named chair of the American Cancer Society Cancer Action
Network Leadership Committee for Oklahoma.

"Advocacy has played a significant role in today's declining cancer death
rates," said Jones. "There are so many ways our lives are better because of
cancer-related advocacy, and I am truly proud to be at the helm. "

The committee will organize efforts to assist with membership recruitment and
fundraising.

Cox Connects Foundation awards scholarships

OKLAHOMA - The Cox Connects Foundation will award more than $57,000 in education
scholarships to graduating high school seniors, current undergraduate students
and adults re-entering the classroom from Oklahoma City and Tulsa.

Scholarship applications for the 2010 Cox Connects Education Scholarships are
available at www.coxconnectsok.com. The deadline for applications is May 1.

The Cox Connects Foundation awards one-year scholarships of $2,500 each to
graduating high school seniors, current undergraduate students and adults
re-entering the classroom to support their educational endeavors.

"The Cox Connects Education Scholarships gives the state's future leaders the
opportunity to pursue their dreams of attending a college or university," said
Tiffani Bruton, director of public affairs. "By providing them financial
support, Cox can help them accomplish their goals and keep these talented
individuals in Oklahoma. "

The Cox Connects Foundation is funded and guided by Cox Oklahoma employees.

Oklahoma City Beautiful seeks volunteers

OKLAHOMA CITY - Oklahoma City Beautiful is seeking volunteers to adopt a park or
public space.

In 2009, 95 city parks and public spaces, such as medians, were adopted. More
than 1,700 volunteers participated.

More than 100 parks and public spaces are still available for adoption, said
Lisa Synar, the nonprofit group's executive director.

"With large budget cutbacks recently announced by the city, volunteers are very
important to help maintain the hundreds of parks and public spaces around
Oklahoma City," Synar said.

Through OKC Beautiful's Adopt-A-Park program, volunteers can adopt a park or
median to maintain on several levels. Volunteers can choose to pick up litter,
mow or make city-approved landscape improvements.

For information, visit www.okcbeautiful.com.

Community Literacy Centers Inc. offers tutor training

OKLAHOMA CITY - Community Literacy Centers Inc. has scheduled tutor training
sessions from 6 p.m. to 9 p.m. Monday and on March 15 at the Catholic Church of
St. Eugene, 2400 W. Hefner Rd., Oklahoma City.

"Statistics indicate 18 percent of Oklahoma's adult population is categorized at
the lowest literacy level," said Laura Taylor, education coordinator. "By
becoming a tutor, an individual can make a significant impact on the lives of
other adults and their families, while also offering a uniquely rewarding
experience. "

For registration information, visit communityliteracy.com.

Street School adds board members

TULSA - Street School, a tuition-free, nonprofit alternative education and
therapeutic counseling program, has added six members to its board of directors.

The new directors are Jarrod L. Compton, Bank of Oklahoma; Elizabeth
Frame-Ellison, Taylor Lobeck Foundation; Judy Gadlage, Dollar Thrifty Automotive
Group; Connie Lee Kirkland, Williams Companies; Susan Thomas, community
volunteer; and Allison Starke, Schnake Turnbo Frank/PR.

Other board members are: Thomas J. Cobb, president; Lise Inman, president-elect;
Julie Blake, vice president; Joy Jenkins, secretary; Nicole Wier, treasurer;
Kevin L. Clayton, Kenny Dean, Howard Doak, Richard F. Palazzo and John F.
Villareal.

Nonprofit grant writing seminar offered in Blackwell

BLACKWELL - The Hope Crisis Center is sponsoring a seminar on grant writing for
nonprofit organizations, rural projects and educators.

"Research and Writing Winning Grant Proposals" is scheduled from 10 a.m. to 4
p.m. March 12 at the Hope Crisis Center in Blackwell.

The seminar will be presented by Lu Kindblade of Lu Kindblade and Associates.

The fee is $75. For information, call (580) 491-8357.

LOAD-DATE: November 5, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: General news

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2010 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved


                              866 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                      Farmington Daily Times (New Mexico)

                            October 1, 2005 Saturday

Huerfano: Huerfano receives high-speed Internet

SECTION: LOCAL; Pg. 4A

LENGTH: 178 words


The Daily Times

The Huerfano Chapter House facilities and tribal homes in the area will soon
receive wireless, high-speed Internet service.

The service, provided by Sacred Wind Communications, Inc., is being provided
through a $436,461 grant from the Department of Agriculture's Broadband
Community Connect program, U.S. Representative Tom Udall, D-N.M., stated Friday
in a news release.

"It is through grant programs like this that we are helping to close the
economic digital divide by promoting equal access to the Internet for all
Americans," Udall said.

He added that the expansion of broadband and other Internet technologies will
provide economic opportunities to the community through jobs and investments.

Broadband or high-speed Internet access offers life-enhancing applications,
Udall stated, such as distance learning, remote medical diagnostics, and the
ability to work from home more effectively.

The Broadband Connect Program was included in the 2002 Farm Bill with the
purpose of "bridging the digital divide," Udall's office stated.

LOAD-DATE: December 24, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                Copyright 2005 The Daily Times (Farmington, NM)
                              All Rights Reserved


                              867 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                         The Dispatch, Lexington, N.C.

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             October 3, 2014 Friday

Housing authorities to use grant to increase job skills, education

BYLINE: Sharon Myers, The Dispatch, Lexington, N.C.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 684 words


Oct. 03--The United States Department of Housing and Urban Development awarded
over $2.8 million to help public housing residents throughout North Carolina to
connect with local services to improve their education and employment. The
Lexington Housing Authority received $57,570, and the Thomasville Housing
Authority got $31,733 through HUD's Family Self-Sufficiency program.

Terrance Gerald, executive director of the Lexington Housing Authority, said he
was pleased to have received the funds to continue the work the agency has been
doing to help residents become more self-reliant.

"The FSS program is a very important program that the board as well as the staff
believe in," Gerald said. "It is furthering the cause towards self-sufficiency.
... We have over 40 families in our program. It is volunteer and not something
they have to do. It helps them with education, job training, transportation, day
care and etc.

"We also have quarterly meetings with our partners in the program, like DSS (the
department of social services), the police department, the parks and recreation
department and DCCC (Davidson County Community College), to talk about the
families and what we need to do to assist them. It is a program that is very
dear to our board."

These grants allow public housing agencies to work with social service agencies,
community colleges, businesses and other local partners to help public housing
residents and individuals participating in HUD's Housing Choice Voucher Program
to increase their education or gain marketable skills that will enable them to
obtain employment and advance in their work. The program encourages innovative
strategies to enable participating families to find jobs, increase earned
income, reduce or eliminate the need for rental and/or welfare assistance and
make progress toward achieving economic independence and housing
self-sufficiency.

Lois Hunter, executive director for the Thomasville Housing Authority, said her
agency has received these funds in the past and will use them to offer more
resources for residents.

"It will help us to provide the Family Self-Sufficiency program to the residents
who are participating in the program," Hunter said. "Our program has 25 slots
available. We work closely with JobLink and the family resource center, among
others. The residents participate to become more self-sufficient so they do not
have to depend on public assistance. They can become more sufficient through the
escrow account so that in the end they can have some income to buy a house or to
help them to better provide for their families."

Participants in the program sign a contract that requires the head of the
household to obtain employment and no longer receive cash welfare assistance at
the end of a five-year term. As the family's income rises, a portion of that
increased income is deposited in an interest-bearing escrow account. If the
family successfully completes its FSS contract, the family receives the escrow
funds that it can use for any purpose, including improving credit scores, paying
educational expenses or making a down payment on a home.

The FSS program also helps public housing authorities to hire service
coordinators who work directly with residents to connect them with programs and
services that already exist in the community.

Gerald said the Lexington Housing Authority recently hired an FSS program
coordinator, Donna Price, who will work with residents and partners to further
the program.

"Donna has a wealth of knowledge and extensive background," Gerald said. "She is
going to work closely with the families as well as the different leaders who
work in the same area. We are all here to work to help people; it all goes to
help the residents. We are just thankful and are looking forward to working with
our residents to increase their self-sufficiency."

Sharon Myers can be reached at 249-3981, ext, 228 or at
sharon.myers@the-dispatch.com Follow Sharon on Twitter: @LexDisptachSM

___ (c)2014 The Dispatch, Lexington, N.C. Visit The Dispatch, Lexington, N.C. at
www.the-dispatch.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: October 4, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20141003-1LN-Housing-authorities-to-use-grant
-to-increase-job-skills-education-1003-20141003

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1LN


                  Copyright 2014 The Dispatch, Lexington, N.C.


                              868 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                              Credit Union Journal

                                October 20, 2008

How Some CUs Are Urging Members To 'Give With Us' At Volunteerism Online Forum

BYLINE: Joyce Moed, Reporter

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 29 Vol. 12 No. 42

LENGTH: 513  words


HEATH, Ohio-Volunteers, the credit union line goes, are the lifeblood of the
movement, so it only makes sense that some CUs are looking to promote
volunteerism in their communities using a web-based program that was the
brainchild of the Filene Research Institute's i3 program.

Give With Us was created by Trabian in Fishers, Ind., a web development and
hosting firm focused on helping credit unions reach members online. According to
its website, Give With Us unites volunteers with opportunities to serve.

"On a Give With Us site, you can research local opportunities to match your time
and talents. Organizations post opportunities where help is needed. Communities
win," the firm said.

Cammie Morrow, director of marketing and business development for Hopewell
Federal Credit Union, first heard about the Give With Us project about one year
ago.

"I heard about it at a seminar I went to," she said. "I thought it was so cool.
And I thought it was right up our alley."

Hopewell FCU launched its Give With Us online forum about six months ago. And
they have no regrets, Morrow said.

"I really think it's been a great opportunity for us to get our name out in the
community to get people to know us," she said. "It's really been great for us."

When a member signs onto Hopewell FCU's website, they may notice a link for Give
With Us. This link will connect the member to a blog where companies can post
when volunteers are needed. For example, at press time, there was a post on the
site from the Zanesville & Western Scenic railroad seeking volunteers from the
community.

"Our train is currently located across the street from the Hopewell Federal CU
and we need to do some work on it before we move it to its new home in
Fultonham," the post reads.

The post has a response from a member offering to help.

And that's how it works.

"People really like getting the word out through free posting," Morrow said. "It
gives people a chance to reconnect."

Hopewell FCU was able to launch this forum with the help of a grant from the
Ohio Credit Union Foundation.

"It cost us $3,500 to start," she said. "We paid $500, and applied for a grant
for the remaining $3,000 to the Foundation. They thought it was a great project
to support. The grant got approved in December. They were really helpful to us."
The cost to renew the project is $1,000 per year. Morrow said the CU plans to
renew this in January.

"I really think that when people see us involved in the community, they see we
care," Morrow observed.

As for the monetary ROI, Morrow said, "We have no idea at this point."

"We have seen people come in who have said they've seen it," she said. "It
provides an opportunity for people to see us. It's been great. "

Current members have also stopped in the CU and complimented the CU for this
project, Morrow added.

Morrow said that several other credit unions have Give With Us forums, and she
highly recommends it.

"It's an easy cost-effective way for your members to connect," she said. "It's
really a win-win."

For More Information

www.hopewellfcu.org

www.givewithus.com

www.filene.org

www.trabian.com

URL: http://www.cujournal.com/

LOAD-DATE: October 20, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newsletter

JOURNAL-CODE: CUJ


                        Copyright 2008 SourceMedia, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              869 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                                The Denver Post

                       April 19, 1994 Tuesday 2D EDITION

Computer network project includes Colorado

BYLINE: Denver Post Staff and Wire Reports

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. C-11

LENGTH: 538 words


Colorado is one of 12 states that will benefit from a $ 1.4 million grant
announced yesterday by the US West Foundation and the Corporation for Public
Broadcasting to fund computer networking projects. Ninety proposals from 38
states were submitted.

The Colorado project, called COnNECT, will receive $ 112,000 over the next two
years. It's a collaboration between public broadcasters KRMA-TV Channel 6,
KBDI-TV Channel 12 and KGNU-FM, and the Denver Free Net and the Boulder
Community Network. The intent is to create a no- or low-cost comprehensive
information network that connects people all over the state electronically to a
variety of resources.

"There are lots of databases around, but they generally have a fairly limited
area of coverage," said Linda Wilson-Mararchi, director of learning services for
KRMA. "The idea is to work as partners to expand access to these databases to
all parts of the state, not just the Front Range," she said.

The grant money will be used to purchase additional 800-number telephone lines
so people can access the databases at no cost, as well as to upgrade computer
equipment. In addition, it will fund 65 "supertrainers" to fan out into
communities statewide to train librarians and others at key access points how to
use the system, she said.

COnNECT will establish homework hotlines statewide, first in math and science,
then in language arts. It also will link people to a health information line and
support courses for distance education.

Among the new services, Colorado will be connected to PBS On-Line, a new online
service from the Public Broadcasting System, as well as access to Academy One, a
network for global science projects.

The US West Foundation will contribute $ 56,000 of the state's total.

Output wins state contract

Output Technologies Western Region Inc. of Denver said it has won a $ 1.6
million, five-year service contract with the state of Colorado to provide
microfiche services. The contract runs through January 1999.

'Virtual Office'

US West Cellular is bringing a "virtual office" to Mile High Stadium for
Colorado Rockies fans attending eight "Businessperson's Specials" games this
year. In addition to an emergency cellular hotline, US West Cellular will
provide a complimentary fax service for fans who need to stay in touch at the
office. Both are free. The fax is available at the company's kiosk on the Level
One Concourse. Special dates are tomorrow; June 8, 22 and 29; July 20; Aug. 24;
and Sept. 7 and 28.

Info Solutions contract

Information Solutions Inc., a document imaging software company that serves the
transportation industry, has concluded a contract with P.S.T. Vans Inc., a
truckload carrier based in Salt Lake City, for its TMC/1MAGE and TMC/2000
products. Terms were not disclosed. Englewood-based ISI will install the
management software and provide the necessary technical training and support
services.

RMH Group a finalist

RMH Group Inc. of Lakewood is a finalist in the American Consulting Engineers
Council's 28th annual engineering excellence awards competition. It was
nominated for designing unique controls for Lexmark International's laser
printer drum facility. Winners will be announced May 17.

LOAD-DATE: September 27, 1994

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: BRIEFS

                        Copyright 1994 The Denver Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                              870 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                                 The Advertiser

                            June 22, 2002, Saturday

Murray Mallee  ;
Suicide grant

BYLINE: Edited by Bryan Littlely

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 47

LENGTH: 132 words


MURRAY Mallee Community Connect will receive a $298,200 grant from the National
Suicide Prevention Strategy to address the problem of suicide in the Murray
Mallee.

"Suicide is a major public health problem throughout Australia, with about 2400
people dying each year from suicide," Member for Barker Patrick Secker said.

"By working to establish partnerships with communities and non-government
organisations, we will be in a better position to reduce the high incidence of
suicide."

Dr Pam Court of Centacare will be overseeing the Murray Mallee Community Connect
program.

"So many families are touched by the tragedy of suicide, and it is envisaged
that this funding will strengthen and consolidate efforts to prevent suicides in
the Murray Mallee region," she said.

LOAD-DATE: June 21, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

JOURNAL-CODE: ADV

                   Copyright 2002 Nationwide News Pty Limited


                              871 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          Enid News & Eagle (Oklahoma)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                          February 15, 2017 Wednesday

Grant County rep said rural counties need a voice during testimony in D.C.

BYLINE: Emily Summars, Enid News & Eagle, Okla.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 703 words


Feb. 15--MEDFORD, Okla. -- A Grant County resident recently represented Oklahoma
on a national scale.

Oklahoma Board of Commissioner Grant County Chairwoman Cindy Bobbitt testified
last week before the U.S. Senate Environment and Public Works Committee. Sen.
James Inhofe, R-Okla., who has served as chairman of the committee and is a
member, requested Bobbitt speak.

"Inhofe is a great advocate for transportation," Bobbitt said. "He has a thumb
on that, and it is important to him. With President Donald Trump talking about
making a $1 trillion investment in infrastructure, this was very timely."

Counties form the puzzle of the nation

Bobbitt, who also serves as the National Association of Counties Central Region
representative, spoke to the committee on modernizing the nation's
infrastructure and counties' vast responsibilities as it pertains to
transportation infrastructure.

"I told them to think of a map of the U.S. and every piece in that puzzle is a
county," she said. "Counties connect counties and connect states, and it's just
like our roads and bridges -- every one is important. The rural areas that grow
our food, our fiber, we have to make sure we have access to our natural
resources, whether that be wind farms, oil and gas or others -- all those are
produced in rural areas."

Counties own and maintain about 45 percent of public roads and almost 40 percent
of bridges, according to a release, which also states counties are involved in
one third of the nation's public transportation systems and airports.

Bobbitt said county infrastructure plays an important role in transporting
freight, crops and marketable goods, which creates stress on rural roads.
Well-maintained infrastructure is needed to remain competitive in an
increasingly global market, she said.

"We must build for the future, not the present," she said to the committee.
"Twenty years ago counties were building 18- to 20-foot-wide bridges. Today we
are building bridges 24 to 26 feet -- and we need them larger to accommodate
larger and heavier equipment."

'A voice at the table'

Remaining competitive is a must for the nation and Oklahoma, she said. With
current federal funding levels, states and counties are trying to "stay afloat"
and will not be in a position to compete in the global market as other countries
increase infrastructure investments, according to a release.

"Between 2003 and 2012, counties, states and other localities invested $3.2
trillion in infrastructure through long-term, tax-exempt municipal bonds, 2.5
times more than the federal investment," Bobbitt said. "Simply stated, the tax
exemption of municipal bond interest from the federal income tax represents one
of the best examples of the federal-state-local partnership."

Bobbitt provided some suggestions to the committee, including inviting more
counties to the table.

"All parties need to have a voice at the table," she said. "We advocate for a
user fee increase -- a lot call it a gas tax, but more importantly it is a user
fee. We need to get out of the mindset it's a tax. Today, more than ever, gas
prices are affordable. You pay more for a cup of coffee than you do for a gallon
of gas or diesel."

Rural areas need to do a better job

Bobbitt said federal-state-local partnership is crucial for success, adding the
issue is not rural vs. urban. She said every time someone goes to the grocery
store or clothing store, they should realize there is a high chance the product
came from a rural area.

"As long as people like to dress and eat, or fill up their car, they are
involved in rural agriculture, rural oil and gas and rural areas," she said. "To
get the products, and be within budget -- a large part is transportation cost.
Transportation touches every industry."

Bobbitt encouraged those living in rural Oklahoma to make their voice heard in
Washington, D.C., stating rural areas need to do a better job of educating
others.

"Counties stand ready to work with our federal partners to achieve our shared
goals -- improving transportation, increasing public safety and boosting our
economy," she said.

___ (c)2017 the Enid News & Eagle (Enid, Okla.) Visit the Enid News & Eagle
(Enid, Okla.) at www.enidnews.com Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: February 15, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20170215-EK-Grant
-County-rep-said-rural-counties-need-a-voice-during-testimony-in-D-C-0215-201702
15

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: EK


                        Copyright 2017 Enid News & Eagle


                              872 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          The Times (Munster, Indiana)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                              June 1, 2012 Friday

New pedestrian bridge connects trails in Hammond and Whiting

BYLINE: Chelsea Schneider Kirk, The Times, Munster, Ind.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 314 words


June 01--A new pedestrian bridge linking trails in Hammond and Whiting is now
open to the public.

Hammond Mayor Thomas McDermott Jr. and Whiting Mayor Joe Stahura hailed the
bridge as a vital link between the two communities. Local officials stood on the
new expanse over Indianapolis Boulevard and New York Avenue during a special
ceremony Thursday.

The $4.1 million project was funded by a grant the Hammond Port Authority
received from the Northwest Indiana Regional Development Authority.

"This project right here is one of the linchpins I think, and quite frankly
maybe one day this will be what the RDA is known for -- literally bridging two
communities together, Whiting and Hammond," McDermott said at the ceremony.

The bridge connects the George Lake Bike Trail in Hammond to the Whiting
Lakefront Trail.

"This bridge couldn't have linked two better cities together," said Dennis
Hardesty, chairman of the Hammond Port Authority board of directors. "The
addition of this bridge is another way to enhance the beauty of Hammond. I'm
sure it will serve many people taking advantage of Hammond and Whiting's unique
scenery."

In all, the RDA provided $31.4 million to kick off a dozen projects in the area.

Plans also call for a trail to extend south from the Pavilion at Wolf Lake to
129th Street, a conservatory north of the Aquatic Play Center and the relocation
of Sheffield Avenue for use as a park road.

As a final push for the project, a trail is planned to run on NIPSCO property on
the west side of Wolf Lake.

Hammond City Councilman Mark Kalwinski, D-1st, said the Marquette Plan
envisioned a trail along the lakefront.

"It really does symbolize unity and togetherness -- and what you can do when
communities come together with a plan," Kalwinski said.

___ (c)2012 The Times (Munster, Ind.) Visit The Times (Munster, Ind.) at
www.nwitimes.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: June 2, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20120601-MU-New-pedestrian-bridge-connects
-trails-in-Hammond-and-Whiting-20120601

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: MU


                            Copyright 2012 The Times


                              873 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                         Kerrville Daily Times (Texas)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                              June 10, 2011 Friday

County completes Phase 4 of sewer project

BYLINE: Mark J. Armstrong, Kerrville Daily Times, Texas

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 616 words


June 10--More than $2 million in grant and local funds have helped connect
nearly 200 homes in the Kerrville South area to sewer and eliminated septic
systems that may have been the cause of pollution in area creeks.

Kerr County Commissioner Guy Overby said the county submitted an application for
another $500,000 in Community Development Block Grant funding to help pay for a
fifth phase of the project that could hook up another 22 residents to the city's
sewer system.

Overby said that before the program began in 1998, Camp Meeting Creek, which
runs south of Ranchero Road, crosses Texas 16 and cuts through Riverhill
subdivision before joining the Guadalupe River, was one of the most polluted in
the state.

"We've seen major success as far as the creek and how better it is today,"
Overby said.

Tara Bushnoe, natural resource coordinator with the Upper Guadalupe River
Authority, said that before the Kerrville South sewer system project, the
average levels of E. coli in the creek were about twice what they are today. E.
coli is a bacteria that in certain concentrations can be harmful to people.
Bushnoe said the UGRA uses E. coli levels as an indicator of water condition and
tests along various streams and creeks that feed into the river along with
testing along the Guadalupe River.

UGRA installed the first sewer lines in the Kerrville South area and provided
matching funds to the grants to help connect residents in the first three phases
of the sewer project. The city took over the sewer lines in 2008 when Phase 4 of
the project began.

Since then, the project has been an ongoing partnership between the UGRA, which
provided some funding; the city, which now maintains the sewer system; and the
county, which has acted as the lead agent in seeking the grant funding from the
Texas Community Department of Rural Affairs.

"It's been a really good project," Overby said. "And has taken care of a
situation that really was not good."

Although familiar with the project through his previous role at the helm of the
local economic development efforts, Overby stepped into the lead of the
Kerrville South sewer project late last year after he was appointed to the
Precinct 2 commissioner's seat.

Overby stepped into the spot held by long-time commissioner Bill Williams, who
died late last year, and had been the driving force behind the sewer project for
years.

"Commissioner Williams was a very big supporter of this project," Overby said.

Overby said they hope to find out if the county has been awarded the grant
funding for the fifth phase of the project before the end of the year. If the
funding is approved, work could begin before the end of next year with a
completion date of late 2013.

The next phase of the project will include hooking up 22 homes on Ranchero Road
and Quail Valley Drive and upgrades to the pump at the Kerrville South lift
station. Additional hookups could be possible if there is funding left after
completion.

Funding for the project could include up to $500,000 from the grant with a 5
percent match from Kerr County.

Moving so many homes from septic to sewer not only benefits the creek, but is a
key part of needed infrastructure improvements, according to Overby.

"Upgrading our infrastructure throughout the community has got to be a
priority," Overby said. "It's part of the reason we haven't been able to grow."

To see more of the Kerrville Daily Times or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.dailytimes.com/. Copyright (c) 2011, Kerrville Daily Times, Texas
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For more information
about the content services offered by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services
(MCT), visit www.mctinfoservices.com.

LOAD-DATE: June 11, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20110610-KF-County-completes-Phase-4-of-sewer-project-0610-20110610

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: KF


                      Copyright 2011 Kerrville Daily Times


                              874 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                   Standard-Speaker (Hazleton, Pennsylvania)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                              June 14, 2009 Sunday

Help sought for trainworks project

BYLINE: Jim Dino, Standard-Speaker, Hazleton, Pa.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 2804 words


Jun. 14--MILESTONES -- like when there was a large snowstorm, someone got
married or when the last railcar of coke passed through -- are written on the
walls of the former Lehigh Valley Shops/Weatherly Steel Co.

Preserving that history -- and using it for future economic and community
development -- is why the Weatherly Rotary Foundation is working to convert the
three-building complex along railroad lines in the borough into a
recreational/commercial/historical development.

And if Borough Manager Harold Pudliner has his way, the Rotary Foundation
project will be a part of a complete overhaul of the borough's municipal and
commercial facilities.

Six years ago, the Weatherly Rotary Club and some individuals got together and
purchased the buildings. They will be renovated for a variety of uses, some of
which haven't yet been identified.

The development, however, has been halted temporarily because of state budget
uncertainties.

Gary Makuch, the foundation's chairman, said environmental issues from years of
use -- first as a railroad and railroad building shop, and then as a steel mill
-- have to be cleaned up before the former main building, dispatch building and
caboose house can be converted into future uses.

Doing the rest of the environmental work required by the state Department of
Environmental Protection will cost around $200,000, Makuch estimated.

He said a grant is being sought for the work, but the state budget negatively
impacted by the current recession economy is holding it up. The Quad II Group, a
Wilkes-Barre engineering firm, has been working to remediate the
30,000-square-foot complex for over a year.

Once the work is done, Makuch said governmental grants have been set aside for
the project -- a $190,000 federal grant, and a $1.5 million state grant.

"But the catch with the state grant is that it is a matching grant," Makuch
pointed out. "We can use the federal grant for part of the match, but we have to
find more money to match it."

Makuch said the Foundation has learned that "sweat equity" -- a term used in the
Habitat for Humanity program for volunteer labor to help clean up the property
-- can be counted as part of the match.

So Foundation members have been spending their spare time cleaning up and
painting the property, to maintain it until the environmental issues are cleaned
up and the grant money is matched and released.

"And we are keeping track of our time," Makuch ensured.

At that time, Makuch said the land will be turned over to borough to get grants
-- but the Foundation will continue to work on the project.

Remaking history

There is no questioning the history of the property.

Another foundation board member is Jack Koehler, the borough's unofficial
historian, who knows the history of the buildings.

Built in 1861 as the shops for the Lehigh Valley Railroad, the complex --
complete with a machine shop, pattern shop and a blacksmith -- were used to
build 80 complete steam locomotives. They manufactured everything they needed to
build the locomotive right there, and they assembled the engines complete. It
was last erecting shop in the Lehigh Valley Railroad.

But the buildings' history doesn't stop there.

The buildings were sold to the Weatherly Steel Co. in 1910 for $10,000, Koehler
said. In 1913, the steel company was formed by a group of local people. It
operated until 1989.

Koehler said Weatherly Steel did a lot of special work for the former Bethlehem
Steel Co., and made the steel frame for the Markle Building.

When the steel company went out of business, an Allentown resident bought the
property for taxes, Makuch said.

When his plans to convert it into a restaurant did not work out, the Rotary Club
saw an opportunity.

The Rotary and Library joined forces to borrow $75,000 for a down payment, and
with the help of Borough Manager Harold Pudliner and state Rep. Keith McCall,
D-122, the group obtained a $200,000 federal Housing and Urban Development (HUD)
grant to pay off the mortgage.

Developing the site

Makuch said the complex has three buildings -- the main building, where the
locomotives were made; a smaller building, where Koehler said cabooses were made
simultaneously with the locomotives, and a dispatch office.. Together, they
total about 30,000 square feet, and they sit on a piece of land of a little over
four acres.

The first tenant in the complex will be the Weatherly Area Community Library,
which has outgrown its space and is looking for a larger, permanent home.

In order to do the project, the Rotary Club formed the Weatherly Rotary
Foundation, which includes board members from the club as well as other people
from the Weatherly area who have an interest in the project. A few of the
foundation members are from the library board.

Nancy Younker, president of the library association, said the library needs the
room because of its many activities.

Jean Younker, a dual board members, said space is so tight, that if one book is
added to the library, one book has to be removed..

The library is a definite for the project. Other possibilities include a museum,
community room and the borough post office,

"The caboose house is right on the creek," Makuch said, referring to the portion
of the Lehigh River which flows directly through Weatherly. "It would be ideal
for a pub-restaurant."

Makuch said Koehler has a lot of railroad artifacts that could be displayed in
the renovated complex in one place, or dispersed throughout.

Many community groups are looking for a place to meet, so a community room is
another need. The post office is currently in a less than desirable location.

Koehler will have help. Sam Scheaffer, who Makuch said has a lot of artifacts
from the steel works, will help Koehler organize them.

"He has a great deal of documents related to the steel works," Makuch said. "He
will help us organize and catalog everything. We are very fortunate to have
him."

Train station

Also along the railroad tracks is the former borough train station, which, since
being remodeled in 1978, has been used as the borough building, housing
Pudliner's office, the police station, and council meeting room.

The borough owns the 14-acre property where the former Tung-Sol plant stood for
about a century. The plant went out of business, and the large structure torn
down. Environmental remediation on the site has also been completed.

Pudliner envisions a new complex that would include a new borough building, and
consolidation of all borough departments and their equipment -- the streets,
sewer, and electrical departments. Equipment owned and used by those departments
is now housed in garages that Pudliner says are over 100 years old.

"That would take up five or six acres," Pudliner said. "We could put Laurel
Street through the property, which would take the truck traffic out of downtown.
And the rest of the property is zoned commercial."

Pudliner said the train station is also zoned commercial, and would be ready for
businesses to locate in it. It would become part of the complex, with the other
three buildings along the tracks.

Trail = traffic

But before any business space is created, business opportunity has to be
created.

In other words, traffic.

Pudliner said the best way to bring in traffic is to build a walking trail that
would connect to the Greater Hazleton Rails-To-Trails, which passes nearby on
its way to Lehigh Gorge, where it will connect to the Delaware and Lehigh
National Heritage Corridor trail.

So connecting to the Hazleton trail is connecting to the D&L trail.

"Weatherly is five miles from the Gorge," Pudliner noted. "There is food, gas,
and a place to park in Weatherly. People could walk from Weatherly to the Gorge
and back. Or the walkers could go from here to Eckley, and then to Hazleton, or
from Eckley or Hazleton to here."

What Pudliner is working on is creating a five-mile, loop "rail trail" using the
railroad tracks in place that would connect to the Hazleton train. Then walkers
could stop in Weatherly to see the complex.

Original railcar?

Koehler said Rick Bates of Delaware County owns what are thought to be three of
the remaining nine coal cars used by the Lehigh Valley Railroad when they hauled
coal through Hazleton and Weatherly.

"These cars were at the Hazleton Shaft for 15 years, and were moved to Temple
(Berks County) eight or nine years ago," Koehler said. "He wants to donate one
car to Weatherly, because those cars used to come through here."

Koehler said the two-bay hopper was built in the 1930s, and would cost about
$3,000 to move from Temple to Weatherly.

"We are looking for donations and help to move it," Koehler said.

Hillclimb fest

The Foundation will hold a Train Works Festival to coincide with the next race
down the Weatherly Hillclimb the weekend of Sept. 19-20.

"We want people to come in, and see the property," Makuch said. "We want them to
see what we are doing. We are coordinating with the Hillclimb people. We are
going to have live entertainment and food. We want people to come and see the
project close-up."

jdino@standardspeaker.com

(Continued from A3)

Once the work is done, Makuch said government grants have been set aside for the
project -- a $190,000 federal grant, and a $1.5 million state grant.

"But the catch with the state grant is that it is a matching grant," Makuch
pointed out. "We can use the federal grant for part of the match, but we have to
find more money to match it."

Makuch said the foundation has learned that "sweat equity" -- a term used in the
Habitat for Humanity program for volunteer labor to help clean up the property
-- can be counted as part of the match.

So foundation members have been spending their spare time cleaning up and
painting the property, to maintain it until the environmental issues are
addressed and the grant money is matched and released.

"And we are keeping track of our time," Makuch said.

At that time, he said the land will be turned over to the borough to get grants
-- but the foundation will continue to work on the project.

Remaking history

There is no questioning the history of the property.

Another foundation board member is Jack Koehler, the borough's unofficial
historian, who knows the history of the buildings.

Built in 1861 as the shops for the Lehigh Valley Railroad, the complex --
complete with a machine shop, pattern shop and a blacksmith -- were used to
build 80 complete steam locomotives. They manufactured everything they needed to
build the locomotive right there, and they assembled the engines complete. It
was the last construction shop of the Lehigh Valley Railroad.

But the buildings' history doesn't stop there.

The buildings were sold to the Weatherly Steel Co. in 1910 for $10,000, Koehler
said. In 1913, the steel company was formed by a group of local people. It
operated until 1989.

Koehler said Weatherly Steel did a lot of special work for the former Bethlehem
Steel Co., and made the steel frame for the Markle Building in downtown
Hazleton.

When the steel company went out of business, an Allentown resident bought the
property for taxes, Makuch said.

When his plans to convert it into a restaurant did not work out, the Rotary Club
saw an opportunity.

The club and the Weatherly Area Community Library joined forces to borrow
$75,000 for a down payment, and with the help of Pudliner and state Rep. Keith
McCall, D-122, the group obtained a $200,000 federal Housing and Urban
Development grant to pay off the mortgage.

Developing the site

Makuch said the complex has three buildings -- the main building, where the
locomotives were made; a smaller building, where Koehler said cabooses were made
simultaneously with the locomotives, and a dispatch office. Together, they total
about 30,000 square feet, and sit on a piece of land of a little over four
acres.

The first tenant in the complex will be the library, which has outgrown its
space and is looking for a larger, permanent home.

To follow through on the project, the Rotary Club formed the Weatherly Rotary
Foundation, which includes board members from the club as well as other people
from the Weatherly area who have an interest in the project. A few of the
foundation members are from the library board.

Nancy Younker, president of the library association, said the library needs the
room because of its many activities.

Jean Younker, a dual board member, said space is so tight, that if one book is
added to the library, one book has to be removed.

The library is a definite for the project. Other possibilities include a museum,
community room and the borough post office.

"The caboose house is right on the creek," Makuch said, referring to the portion
of the Lehigh River that flows through Weatherly. "It would be ideal for a
pub-restaurant."

Makuch said Koehler has a lot of railroad artifacts that could be displayed in
the renovated complex in one place, or dispersed throughout.

Many community groups are looking for a place to meet, so a community room is
another need. The post office is currently in a less-than-desirable location,
Makuch said.

Koehler will have help. Sam Scheaffer, who Makuch said has a lot of artifacts
from the steel works, will help Koehler organize them.

"We are very fortunate to have him," Makuch said of Scheaffer.

Train station

Also along the railroad tracks is the former borough train station, which, since
being remodeled in 1978, has been used as the borough building, housing
Pudliner's office, the police station, and council meeting room.

The borough owns the 14-acre property where the former Tung-Sol plant stood for
about a century. The plant went out of business, and the large structure was
torn down. Environmental remediation on the site has also been completed.

Pudliner envisions a complex that would include a new borough building, and
consolidation of the streets, sewer and electrical departments, and their
equipment, which is now housed in garages that Pudliner says are more than 100
years old.

"That would take up five or six acres," Pudliner said. "We could put Laurel
Street through the property, which would take the truck traffic out of downtown.
And the rest of the property is zoned commercial."

Pudliner said the train station is also zoned commercial and would be ready for
businesses to locate in it. It would become part of the complex, with the other
three buildings along the tracks.

Trail = traffic

But before any business space is created, business opportunity has to be
created.

In other words, traffic.

Pudliner said the best way to bring in traffic is to build a walking trail that
would connect to the Greater Hazleton Rails-to-Trails, which passes nearby on
its way to Lehigh Gorge, where it will connect to the Delaware and Lehigh
National Heritage Corridor trail.

"Weatherly is five miles from the gorge," Pudliner noted. "There is food, gas,
and a place to park in Weatherly. People could walk from Weatherly to the gorge
and back. Or the walkers could go from here to Eckley, and then to Hazleton, or
from Eckley or Hazleton to here."

Pudliner is working on creating a 5-mile, loop "rail trail" using the railroad
tracks in place that would connect to the Hazleton trail. Then walkers could
stop in Weatherly to see the complex.

Original railcar?

Koehler said Rick Bates of Delaware County owns what are thought to be three of
the last remaining nine coal cars used by the Lehigh Valley Railroad when they
hauled coal through Hazleton and Weatherly.

"These cars were at the Hazleton Shaft for 15 years and were moved to Temple
(Berks County) eight or nine years ago," Koehler said. "He wants to donate one
car to Weatherly because those cars used to come through here."

Koehler said the two-bay hopper was built in the 1930s and would cost about
$3,000 to move from Temple to Weatherly.

"We are looking for donations and help to move it," Koehler said.

Hillclimb fest

The Foundation will hold a Train Works Festival to coincide with the next race
down the Weatherly Hillclimb the weekend of Sept. 19 and 20.

"We want people to come in and see the property," Makuch said. "We want them to
see what we are doing. We are coordinating with the Hillclimb people. We are
going to have live entertainment and food. We want people to come and see the
project close-up."

jdino@standardspeaker.com

jdino@standardspeaker.com

/cm/2.1187/news/help_sought_for_trainworks_project-525475580true1.631861.63186Wr
ite your comment here

Your name

yesI have read and accepted the website's terms for commenting

Send comment

Be the first to comment on this article!

To see more of the Standard-Speaker or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.standardspeaker.com. Copyright (c) 2009, Standard-Speaker, Hazleton,
Pa. Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: June 14, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20090614-ZX-Help-sought-for-trainworks-project-0614

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: ZX


                                 Copyright 2009


                              875 of 998 DOCUMENTS


               The Valley News-Dispatch (Tarentum, Pennsylvania)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            February 18, 2011 Friday

Winfield's $8M sewerage project 10 years in making to start

BYLINE: Rossilynne Skena, The Valley News-Dispatch, Tarentum, Pa.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 520 words


Feb. 18--Contractors can begin work today on a township sewerage project that
has been a decade in the making.

The $8 million project will serve about 325 units, mostly residential, near
Route 356 in sections of Cabot, Marwood and Knox Chapel.

It will also run along Cooper and Marwood roads to the Jefferson Township
border.

Residents can expect to pay connection fees -- probably about $5,000 -- by late
spring of 2012.

Residents also will have to pay private contractors to connect their sewer pipes
to the main line. That cost will vary by property.

The project is scheduled to be finished by July 2012; substantial completion is
expected by mid-December of this year.

Work will begin at Sarver Road near the Buffalo Township Fire Department, then
up the Butler-Freeport Community recreational trail, then branch out from there,
township engineer Frank Sidari said.

About 60,000 feet of pipe will be used in the project; 15,000 feet of that will
run along the community trail.

The sewage system will connect to the Municipal Authority of Buffalo Township,
Sidari said.

The project is funded through a $4.6 million PennVEST loan and a $300,000
PennVEST grant, in addition to another $3.2 million state grant.

All funding and permits are now in place, Sidari said. The PennVEST funding was
finalized Tuesday.

Mortimer's Excavating, the project contractor, will be responsible for all
sub-contractors, for making sure the project area is barricaded with a fence and
for other safety and security requirements.

No work will occur without an inspector from township consulting firm Malcolm
Pirnie Inc. on site.

Contractors are allowed to work between 7 a.m. and 6 p.m. during weekdays. They
expect to work 10 hours per day Mondays through Thursdays, then use Fridays to
make up for rainy days during the week and to perform maintenance.

Crews are required to notify the township if roads need to be closed.

They also are required to give five days' notice to any resident who will have
restrictions to his driveway.

"The more we can do to make sure things are smooth with residents, I think will
be helpful," Sidari said.

Sidari and other Malcolm Pirnie employees met Thursday afternoon with township
supervisors and representatives from utility companies, including Allegheny
Power, Consolidated Communications and BLX-Redmill Gas Co.

The sewage project, called Act 537, has been ongoing for several years. The
state Department of Environmental Protection required the township to install
sewers because of failing or malfunctioning on-lot systems and the discharge of
wastewater into Little Buffalo Creek in the Cabot and Marwood areas.

Rossilynne Skena can be reached at rskena@tribweb.com

Rossilynne Skena can be reached at rskena@tribweb.com or 724-226-4702.

To see more of The Valley News-Dispatch or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.pittsburghlive.com/x/valleynewsdispatch/. Copyright (c) 2011, The
Valley News-Dispatch, Tarentum, Pa. Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information
Services. For more information about the content services offered by
McClatchy-Tribune Information Services (MCT), visit www.mctinfoservices.com.

LOAD-DATE: February 18, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20110218-TV-Winfield-s-8M-sewerage-project-10-years-in-making-to-start-0218-2011
0218

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: TV


                    Copyright 2011 The Valley News-Dispatch


                              876 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                     The Leader-Post (Regina, Saskatchewan)

                           October 14, 2006 Saturday
                                 Final Edition

Volunteers need federal support

BYLINE: Joanne Grant, The Leader-Post

SECTION: LETTERS; Pg. B8

LENGTH: 477  words


United Way of Regina is committed to improving lives, building our community and
enhancing the quality of life for all citizens of Regina through our strategic
investments in the priority areas that our local community has identified as
being the most important.

One of the key tools we use in achieving our mission is the work we do to
develop, expand and enhance Regina's local volunteer sector.

That's why our hosting of the Saskatchewan Local Network for the Canada
Volunteerism Initiative (CVI) is so important. This initiative connects and
supports the 7,963 volunteer-based organizations across Saskatchewan. CVI is
about giving local people the tools they need to make our communities in
Saskatchewan the exceptional places that they are to live in. CVI has shown
itself to be an important national program that enhances the quality of life for
all Saskatchewan people.

On Sept. 25, the federal government eliminated funding for the Canada
Volunteerism Initiative. This sudden and surprising decision will impact
organizations all across Saskatchewan. CVI has been effective in helping these
groups become stronger and better connected. Saskatchewan's health sector,
social services and sports and recreation programs have all benefited.

The CVI was cut as a "non-core program" -- a program that doesn't meet "the
priorities of the federal government or of Canadians." This surely cannot mean
that the federal government places no value on Canadians being involved in their
communities. We hope it simply means the government has a better plan for how it
will invest in volunteerism.

Here is the problem: we have not heard anything about what this plan might be.
Volunteering happens all across the country, and civic engagement is part of
what it means to be Canadian. This is why federal support is so important. Our
ability in Saskat-chewan to connect with similar networks across Canada has been
greatly assisted by CVI over the last five years. These connections have helped
us share information and strategies for involving volunteers, allowing
non-profit organizations to better deliver what society expects of them.

Together, we have produced a range of nationally relevant resources, developed
systems of support and formed important partnerships; this work has resulted in
greater individual engagement in Saskatchewan and in Canada. In short, we are
supporting volunteers, and giving them the tools they need to help make Canada a
better place to live.

The federal government now has the opportunity to develop a new way to support
the engagement of Canadians in their communities -- of volunteering and
volunteerism. We urge the government to move quickly to ensure that the 12
million local volunteers across Canada continue to receive the support they
deserve from the federal government.

Joanne Grant

Grant is acting CEO, United Way of Regina.

Regina

LOAD-DATE: October 14, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Letter

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


  Copyright 2006 The Leader-Post, a division of Canwest MediaWorks Publication
                                      Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              877 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                         Vindicator (Youngstown, Ohio)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                           December 10, 2016 Saturday

Internet access technical grant obtained for Mahoning homes, offices

BYLINE: Peter H. Milliken, Vindicator, Youngstown, Ohio

SECTION: BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL NEWS

LENGTH: 456 words


Dec. 10--YOUNGSTOWN -- Broader wireless internet access is the goal of a
federally funded Connect Ohio technical assistance grant received by the Western
Reserve Port Authority.

"This will allow as close to universal wireless internet access as we can
accomplish for Mahoning County" homes and offices, once the plan is implemented,
said Sarah Lown, WRPA's public finance manager.

"This is phase one, which is purely technical assistance," she said.

"That's people coming in here and assessing what we've got and drawing a map
connecting the dots to get us ready to install a system," Lown explained.

"It will take several phases, and we're going to be looking for an
implementation grant after this one," Lown said.

"It is not cash. It is technical services," Lown said of the technical services
grant, estimating its value at $600,000.

The Oak Hill Collaborative, 507 Oak Hill Ave., is the grant administrator.

Connect Ohio is part of Connect USA, which is a federal program.

Lown and Patrick Kerrigan, executive director of the collaborative, announced
the grant at Thursday's meeting of the Mahoning County commissioners.

The initial connection would be from the collaborative to the county-owned
Oakhill Renaissance Place, 345 Oak Hill Ave., and to county buildings in
downtown Youngstown to make all of them wireless internet hot spots, Lown said.

"One of the things we're doing at the Oak Hill Collaborative is to try to get
access to the neighborhood, and even spreading it around, including parts of
downtown and other areas for access to wireless internet," Kerrigan told the
commissioners.

The county auditor's office and its information technology staff are assisting
in this effort, he said.

Youngstown is among five Ohio communities to receive the competitive grant,
Kerrigan said.

The Oak Hill Collaborative has a program in which people can build their own
computers and three-dimensional printers.

Some people who have built computers at the collaborative have lacked home
internet access, so they've asked for and received permission to use their
computers at the collaborative, Kerrigan told the commissioners.

"That started us thinking that we have to improve access," he added.

The new program would allow school children, whose parents cannot afford home
internet access, to use their computers at home, Lown said.

"This has an economic development component that's exciting," Lown added.

The Oak Hill Collaborative and the Youngstown Business Incubator are among
"places to incubate new startups, and we've been working with all of those
partners to find new opportunities for them," Lown said.

___ (c)2016 Vindicator (Youngstown, Ohio) Visit Vindicator (Youngstown, Ohio) at
www.vindy.com Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: December 10, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20161210-YU-Internet-access-technical-grant
-obtained-for-Mahoning-homes-offices-1210-20161210

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: YU


                           Copyright 2016 Vindicator


                              878 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       The Day (New London, Connecticut)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            August 21, 2014 Thursday

Interconnection grant sought to back up region's water systems

BYLINE: Kimberly Drelich, The Day, New London, Conn.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 509 words


Aug. 21--NORWICH -- The Southeastern Connecticut Council of Governments is
seeking a grant for a proposed water interconnection that could bolster the
region's system for transporting water in the event of storms or emergencies.

The council voted Wednesday to apply for a grant for a proposed pipe along Route
12 that would connect an existing water main in Preston, operated by Norwich
Public Utilities, with one in Ledyard, operated by Groton Utilities.

The region's current system to transport water includes a large water
interconnection under the Thames River that connects communities on the east and
west of the river. This interconnection both provides water to Montville and the
Mohegan Tribe and links the municipal water supply systems of Groton, Norwich
and New London, according to a SCCOG document.

Municipalities that include Groton, Ledyard, Norwich, Montville, Waterford, New
London and East Lyme have also worked on emergency response plans for sharing
water resources in the event of an emergency, according to the council's project
description.

Since the emergency plans often rely on the main interconnection under the
Thames River, SCCOG said the proposed pipe is important because it could provide
a backup to the interconnection in the event of an emergency.

"The proposed Southeastern Connecticut Emergency Water Interconnection will
provide the region's water systems with a vitally needed second connection with
additional hydraulic capacity in the event of the need to move water from system
to system," the project description states, "and will also provide an invaluable
second access point in the event the Thames River crossing were to be
compromised for any reason such as during a storm event."

The pipe between Preston and Ledyard was part of original plans from 2002 for
the Thames Basin Regional Water Interconnection Project, the interconnection
system that runs across the Thames River. While the project was built, plans for
the pipe between Preston and Ledyard were ultimately scrapped due to a lack of
funding, according to SCCOG.

"In the event of a storm, this connection would be very, very important for the
folks that are on the public water system in that area," said James Butler, the
council's executive director, in a presentation to the council on Wednesday.

The grant application, which SCCOG voted to support at Wednesday's meeting, is
for $637,500 from a Community Development Block Grant, a federal grant
distributed through the state's Department of Housing. NPU would fund the
remaining 25 percent of the $850,000 project, according to SCCOG.

The grant possibility was announced in July for public improvements to
strengthen infrastructure after Superstorm Sandy, Butler said.

If the grant is approved, NPU would likely own the water main and SCCOG would be
the grant recipient, but the details still need to be worked out, Butler said.

k.drelich@theday.com

Twitter: @KimberlyDrelich

___ (c)2014 The Day (New London, Conn.) Visit The Day (New London, Conn.) at
www.theday.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: August 21, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20140821-NL-Interconnection-grant
-sought-to-back-up-region-s-water-systems-0821-20140821

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: NL


                             Copyright 2014 The Day


                              879 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            December 16, 2016 Friday

Washington: NEH Announces First Ever Humanities Access Grants

LENGTH: 459  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: National Endowment for the Humanities has issued the following news
release:



 This week the National Endowment for the Humanities announced the first
recipients of its new Humanities Access grant. 34 institutions and organizations
will receive a total of $3,000,000 in matching funds to support humanities
programming targeting groups that have historically lacked access to the
humanities.





 The Humanities Access program offers grants of $50,000 and $100,000 to help
enhance and support existing cultural programs for youth, communities of color,
and economically disadvantaged populations. In order to receive the full amount,
the institutions and organizations receiving this grant must match the NEH funds
with the same amount of money raised from non-federal, third party donors.  Over
the course of the forty year history of the Endowment's Challenge program, its
matching requirement has helped raise over $4 billion in third-party funds,
further supporting the humanities across the country.



 "Humanities Access grants support innovative projects that will help ensure
that high-quality cultural programming is available to everyone," said NEH
Chairman William D. Adams. "Americans of every age, race, and economic status
should be able to access the incredible opportunities that the humanities
provide."



 Among the projects awarded NEH Humanities Access grants:



     Expanded opportunities for families to connect with cultural and
traditional resources at the Entrada Institute in Torrey, Utah.

     A cultural pass that allows the young people of Louisville, Kentucky to
visit over thirty different cultural institutions free of charge.

     A writing program for Lakota teenagers on the Pine Ridge Indian Reservation
in South Dakota that helps them become engaged civic leaders.

     A project by Gallaudet University that will create new primary sources that
will help us better understand the culture and challenges of the Deaf community.


     The expansion of Spirit Series, a drama-based values and literacy
initiative that has been shown to decrease absenteeism and increase teamwork and
reading comprehension in students in fourth through eighth grade.

     A leadership program for high school students at the Birmingham Civil
Rights Institute that explores the history of the civil rights movement and how
it connects to the world today.

     Youth education programs from the Troy Historical Society that teach
students about southeastern Michigan's rural heritage.

     The extension of Prime Time Family Reading, a Louisiana humanities-based
literacy program for preschool-aged children and their parents.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:

 editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: December 16, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              880 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            December 16, 2016 Friday

Washington: NEH Announces First Ever Humanities Access Grants

LENGTH: 459  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: National Endowment for the Humanities has issued the following news
release:



 This week the National Endowment for the Humanities announced the first
recipients of its new Humanities Access grant. 34 institutions and organizations
will receive a total of $3,000,000 in matching funds to support humanities
programming targeting groups that have historically lacked access to the
humanities.





 The Humanities Access program offers grants of $50,000 and $100,000 to help
enhance and support existing cultural programs for youth, communities of color,
and economically disadvantaged populations. In order to receive the full amount,
the institutions and organizations receiving this grant must match the NEH funds
with the same amount of money raised from non-federal, third party donors.  Over
the course of the forty year history of the Endowment's Challenge program, its
matching requirement has helped raise over $4 billion in third-party funds,
further supporting the humanities across the country.



 "Humanities Access grants support innovative projects that will help ensure
that high-quality cultural programming is available to everyone," said NEH
Chairman William D. Adams. "Americans of every age, race, and economic status
should be able to access the incredible opportunities that the humanities
provide."



 Among the projects awarded NEH Humanities Access grants:



     Expanded opportunities for families to connect with cultural and
traditional resources at the Entrada Institute in Torrey, Utah.

     A cultural pass that allows the young people of Louisville, Kentucky to
visit over thirty different cultural institutions free of charge.

     A writing program for Lakota teenagers on the Pine Ridge Indian Reservation
in South Dakota that helps them become engaged civic leaders.

     A project by Gallaudet University that will create new primary sources that
will help us better understand the culture and challenges of the Deaf community.


     The expansion of Spirit Series, a drama-based values and literacy
initiative that has been shown to decrease absenteeism and increase teamwork and
reading comprehension in students in fourth through eighth grade.

     A leadership program for high school students at the Birmingham Civil
Rights Institute that explores the history of the civil rights movement and how
it connects to the world today.

     Youth education programs from the Troy Historical Society that teach
students about southeastern Michigan's rural heritage.

     The extension of Prime Time Family Reading, a Louisiana humanities-based
literacy program for preschool-aged children and their parents.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:

 editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: December 16, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              881 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                Forbes Advocate

                                 July 22, 2014

Royal Commission gives opportunity to speak out

BYLINE: Sophie Harris

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 844  words


Binaal Billa Family Violence Prevention Legal Service (FVPLS) will host a
community event, 'Speak and Be Heard' in Forbes next week, featuring former
Australian Idol winner Casey Donovan.

To be held on Friday, August 1 at Forbes Services Memorial Club, the event will
provide information to the community on the Royal Commission into Institutional
Responses to Child Sexual Abuse and how people can share their story with the
Royal Commission.

The Royal Commission has been set up to look into how institutions have managed
and responded to allegations and instances of child sexual abuse.

Binaal Billa applied for a grant to run this event to connect with the people of
Forbes about the issue and in particular want to engage with the Aboriginal
community to help them speak out.

'Our core work is family violence or sexual assaults and this is an important
commission investigating how institutions have responded in the past to sexual
abuse,' Binaal Billa's project coordinator Michelle Kable said.

'The Indigenous community are under represented in telling their stories, so
this event is aimed at them and inviting more of the community to speak up.'

The event will showcase the many ways to tell your story through literature,
song and dance, with local performances from Red Bend Catholic College's
Aboriginal dance group, local band House of Tribes and local Wiradjuri women
telling their individual stories.

'We've tried not to have too serious a tone with the performances so people do
engage' it's not going to be too heavy on the day,' Ms Kable said.

A highlight of the day will be the celebrity guest speaker, Casey Donovan, who
is one of Australia's most acclaimed indigenous entertainers and the youngest
ever winner of Australian Idol.

Casey will be speaking about her family life, her passion for music and the
effects of winning a reality TV show, as well as performing some of her greatest
hits.

'The Royal Commission is for everyone and anyone can attend the event but we're
trying to engage the Aboriginal community which is why we've chosen Casey
Donovan to be the guest speaker,' Ms Kable said.

'She's a strong Aboriginal woman who has been through a lot in her own life and
I think she's a great role model.'

There will also be other support services there on the day and information
stalls set up.

'We're trying to connect and work in with other services, rather than just being
a forum on the Royal Commission,' Ms Kable said.

Representatives from NSW Health Sexual Assault Services will be there to give a
presentation, as well as a guest speaker from KnowMore, which provides legal
advice for those wanting to tell their stories to the Royal Commission.

Ms Kable said Binaal Billa can also arrange video linking with the Royal
Commission for those who don't want to speak at the event.

People won't necessarily have to tell their story on the day, instead they will
have the opportunity to provide their details to the Royal Commission, who will
then get in contact with them.

'It's quite a process'it's not an instant thing because there are a lot of
stories being told,' Ms Kable said.

'If they don't want to tell the Royal Commission there are still services there
that can help, otherwise they can connect to the Royal Commission and organise a
meeting over the phone or connect with us and we can link them up.

'We can also use video link up so they don't even have to leave their own home.

'We'll provide them with a support network such as counsellors to work through
the process.'

People telling their stories will help to build a picture about what happened to
children in the past and how to better protect our children in the future.

However, this can be a difficult thing for victims, who often feel a great sense
of shame and stigma surrounding their abuse and who are likely to have buried it
for many years.

Information obtained in private sessions for the Royal Commission so far has
revealed that on average it took victims 22 years to disclose the abuse, men
longer than women.

'People don't want to talk about it; it's like a dirty secret for them,' Ms
Kable said.

'There's that shame and people are often young and vulnerable and groomed to
think if they do speak up there are consequences.

'We're trying to remove that stigma from the victim because it's not their fault
' it is the fault of the perpetrator and the institutions that have allowed them
to get away with it.

'These events affect a lot of other aspects of victims' lives and often make it
hard for them to grow into the people they need to be without dealing with it.'

Ms Kable said this event focuses on intervention and prevention.

'By people speaking up and telling their story we're hoping it will prevent it
happening in the future and there'll be adequate responses to deal with that,'
she said. 'It'll also hopefully be a healing process for victims and a
prevention process to stop it happening in the future.'

Doors open at 10.30am on Friday, August 1 and everyone is welcome to attend the
event at the Forbes Services Club.

Entry is free of charge and nibbles will be provided.

LOAD-DATE: July 23, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


             Copyright 2014 Fairfax Media Publications Pty. Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              882 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                  Public Opinion (Chambersburg, Pennsylvania)

                           October 8, 2014 Wednesday

Grant will connect 13 Greene Twp. homes to sewer

BYLINE: Staff report

SECTION: NEWS; Local

LENGTH: 123 words


GREENE TOWNSHIP &GT;&GT; Residents in the Fern Grotto Circle area of Greene
Township will soon have access to public sewer service thanks to a $150,000
Community Development Block Grant.

Residents in the area currently rely on failing and malfunctioning on-lot septic
systems, according to a release by state Rep. Rob Kauffman, R-Chambersburg. The
grant will pay to connect 13 households to the public sewer system.

"As the state representative for Greene Township, I wrote a letter in support of
funding for this project," said Kauffman. "Having properly functioning sewer
service is a necessity in today's communities. ... I am thankful there is a
funding program available that is able to make sure this particular project can
be completed."

LOAD-DATE: October 12, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2014 Public Opinion
                              All Rights Reserved


                              883 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            October 30, 2016 Sunday

Washington: EPA Awards Two Massachusetts Groups $171K for Environmental
Education Initiatives

LENGTH: 789  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: U.S. Environmental Protection Agency has issued the following news
release:



 Two Massachusetts organizations that will involve students in becoming smarter
and better stewards of the environment were awarded a total of $171,116 by the
US Environmental Protection.





 Manomet Inc. of Plymouth, and Mystic River Watershed Association, were given
EPA Environmental Education funds for programs to educate the community and
students about environmental issues. The two grants were among three
environmental education grants awarded by EPA in New England.



 "The projects taken on by these organization will help make a brighter future
for New England communities," said Curt Spalding, regional administrator of
EPA's New England office. "Young people, educators and communities taught how to
address the problems and challenges of environmental protection are bound to
play a part in a healthier world tomorrow."



 The Mystic River Watershed Association received $80,116 for a two-year Mystic
River Herring Run Project that connects city students with the herring migration
with the goal of improving environmental literacy among students on riverine
ecology; increasing knowledge of environmental stewardship of water resources
and educating communities to reduce storm water pollution that affects the
Mystic River watershed. The project creates, maintains and shares a web portal
about the Mystic River watershed, fish, and water quality and allows the
community help count fish in the river herring migration. The association is
hosting workshops in schools, field trips to fish ladders, and stewardship
events along the river.  With six school districts involved, some1500 students
and 200 adults are expected to participate.



 "The Mystic River Watershed Association is excited to bring the herring
migration to the larger community and especially local schools through the
installation of underwater video cameras," said Beth MacBlane, outreach and
communications director of the Mystic River Watershed Association. "This new
program will connect thousands of people to this amazing rite of spring - the
herring migration."



 Manomet Inc of Plymouth was given $91,000 for a project that will educate
students about sustainability with small business sector. This two-year project
is an expansion of a program to help college students in the environmental or
business departments learn more about climate change, energy, water, and toxins
and how to apply problem-solving and analytical skills to environmental
challenges. It will help students look at how sustainability strategies can be
applied to business models and help small businesses reduce their environmental
impact. Five universities in New Hampshire and Maine have signed on as
sub-grantees for the student internship program along with sustainable business
organizations who are hosting students. The students are helping local
businesses operate more sustainably, which will reduce their environmental
footprints and use of toxic chemicals, increasing climate resiliency, and
developing greater local stewardships. Between 30 and 80 students and 12 to 15
small business owners are expected to participate.



 "We are incredibly grateful to the EPA for this grant to support the growth of
Manomet's new experiential education program for colleges," said Lora Winslow,
project manager. "Manomet will train dozens of students to address the complex
environmental challenges facing their generation, and provide roughly 1,200
small businesses with tools to reduce their environmental footprint. Thanks to
the EPA, this program will have long-lasting and far-reaching impacts for the
students, their communities, small businesses, and our planet."



 The other New England organization awarded an environmental education grant was
Groundwork Providence, in Providence R.I.



 EPA funds environmental education projects that focus on educating teachers,
students, parents or the general public about human health problems. These
issues range from pollution; improving teaching tools and techniques for
educators through workshops; building state or local capability to develop and
deliver environmental education or public outreach programs; or promoting
environmental careers and stewardship among students through hands-on
activities.



 EPA's Environmental Education grants encourage projects that educate members of
a community through community-based organizations, through educational
institutions or through print, film, broadcast, or other media to be more
environmentally aware and make environmentally friendly decisions in their
day-to-day lives.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:

 editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 31, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              884 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            October 30, 2016 Sunday

Washington: EPA Awards Two Massachusetts Groups $171K for Environmental
Education Initiatives

LENGTH: 789  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: U.S. Environmental Protection Agency has issued the following news
release:



 Two Massachusetts organizations that will involve students in becoming smarter
and better stewards of the environment were awarded a total of $171,116 by the
US Environmental Protection.





 Manomet Inc. of Plymouth, and Mystic River Watershed Association, were given
EPA Environmental Education funds for programs to educate the community and
students about environmental issues. The two grants were among three
environmental education grants awarded by EPA in New England.



 "The projects taken on by these organization will help make a brighter future
for New England communities," said Curt Spalding, regional administrator of
EPA's New England office. "Young people, educators and communities taught how to
address the problems and challenges of environmental protection are bound to
play a part in a healthier world tomorrow."



 The Mystic River Watershed Association received $80,116 for a two-year Mystic
River Herring Run Project that connects city students with the herring migration
with the goal of improving environmental literacy among students on riverine
ecology; increasing knowledge of environmental stewardship of water resources
and educating communities to reduce storm water pollution that affects the
Mystic River watershed. The project creates, maintains and shares a web portal
about the Mystic River watershed, fish, and water quality and allows the
community help count fish in the river herring migration. The association is
hosting workshops in schools, field trips to fish ladders, and stewardship
events along the river.  With six school districts involved, some1500 students
and 200 adults are expected to participate.



 "The Mystic River Watershed Association is excited to bring the herring
migration to the larger community and especially local schools through the
installation of underwater video cameras," said Beth MacBlane, outreach and
communications director of the Mystic River Watershed Association. "This new
program will connect thousands of people to this amazing rite of spring - the
herring migration."



 Manomet Inc of Plymouth was given $91,000 for a project that will educate
students about sustainability with small business sector. This two-year project
is an expansion of a program to help college students in the environmental or
business departments learn more about climate change, energy, water, and toxins
and how to apply problem-solving and analytical skills to environmental
challenges. It will help students look at how sustainability strategies can be
applied to business models and help small businesses reduce their environmental
impact. Five universities in New Hampshire and Maine have signed on as
sub-grantees for the student internship program along with sustainable business
organizations who are hosting students. The students are helping local
businesses operate more sustainably, which will reduce their environmental
footprints and use of toxic chemicals, increasing climate resiliency, and
developing greater local stewardships. Between 30 and 80 students and 12 to 15
small business owners are expected to participate.



 "We are incredibly grateful to the EPA for this grant to support the growth of
Manomet's new experiential education program for colleges," said Lora Winslow,
project manager. "Manomet will train dozens of students to address the complex
environmental challenges facing their generation, and provide roughly 1,200
small businesses with tools to reduce their environmental footprint. Thanks to
the EPA, this program will have long-lasting and far-reaching impacts for the
students, their communities, small businesses, and our planet."



 The other New England organization awarded an environmental education grant was
Groundwork Providence, in Providence R.I.



 EPA funds environmental education projects that focus on educating teachers,
students, parents or the general public about human health problems. These
issues range from pollution; improving teaching tools and techniques for
educators through workshops; building state or local capability to develop and
deliver environmental education or public outreach programs; or promoting
environmental careers and stewardship among students through hands-on
activities.



 EPA's Environmental Education grants encourage projects that educate members of
a community through community-based organizations, through educational
institutions or through print, film, broadcast, or other media to be more
environmentally aware and make environmentally friendly decisions in their
day-to-day lives.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:

 editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 30, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              885 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                The Berkshire Eagle (Pittsfield, Massachusetts)

                            November 17, 2008 Monday

Program tries to connect kids to schools and community

BYLINE: By Jenn Smith, Berkshire Eagle Staff

SECTION: TOP LOCAL; Local

LENGTH: 248 words


NORTH ADAMS -- North County agencies are working together to strengthen home,
school and community connections for kids.

The Brayton Hill Apartments is collaborating with the Northern Berkshire
Community Coalition (NBCC) and North Adams Public Schools to create a new
afterschool program for the school-aged youths of the housing complex.

The NBCC is accepting applications for a part-time coordinator for the program
and hope to have someone in place by December.

Kathy Keeser, program director of the coalition, said the new program aims to
give youths and families more opportunity to connect with the community.

"The children will get to work on social skills and educational skills to help
their home and school experience," Keeser said.

The program at Brayton Hill, which will include hands-on activities and field
trips, is just one of the many in-school and out-of-school programs supported by
grant funding from the state Department of Elementary and Secondary Education.

Programming includes morning, after-school, some evening and summer activities,
as well as specialized programs for students in transition.

This fall there are 550 students in grades kindergarten through 12 who
participate in school-based programs alone.

"What we're trying to accomplish with (this) particular grant is to strengthen
our ties with the Northern Berkshire Community Coalition as a community
partner," said Noelle Murphy, coordinator of afterschool and out-of-school time
programs for North Adams Public

LOAD-DATE: November 17, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


   Copyright 2008 MediaNews Group, Inc. and New England Newspaper Group Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              886 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          Reading Eagle (Pennsylvania)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            April 23, 2008 Wednesday

Conservancy receives gift of $92,150: The money from the Berks County Community
Foundation will be used on a trail to connect Angelica Park in Reading and Nolde
Forest in Cumru Township.

BYLINE: David Mekeel, Reading Eagle, Pa.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 382 words


Apr. 23--The Berks County Conservancy's annual dinner is a chance for the
organization to thank supporters, show off what it has accomplished and perhaps
raise a little money.

Thanks to the Berks County Community Foundation, the money part was a startling
success at the dinner Tuesday night in the Sheraton Reading Hotel, Wyomissing.

Before an audience of 250, Richard C. Mappin, the community foundation's vice
president for grant making, announced a gift of $92,150 to the conservancy.

"It was a surprise to me," conservancy Chairman Thomas Kearse said. "I knew
there was talk about it, but I didn't know it was happening like this tonight."

The money is for a trail that will connect Angelica Park in Reading and the
Nolde Forest in Cumru Township.

Kimberly J. Murphy, president of the conservancy, said the grant would cover the
cost of the first two-mile segment of the trail, from Angelica Park to the
KenGrill Recreation Center in Kenhorst.

The conservancy plans to build a paved, multiuse path, erect signs and print
trail guides, Murphy said.

Plans for the rest of the trail have yet to be set.

The grant announcement was the latest good news for the conservancy, but by no
means the only good news.

Murphy announced that conservancy was able to permanently preserve more than 885
acres in 2007 thanks to the donation of 11 land easements. It is a conservancy
record for land protected in a single year.

The conservancy also honored groups that have exemplified the principles of
conservation with awards.

The Community Excellence Award was given to the Lorax Foundation, a nonprofit
organization in Washington and Hereford townships that educates and promotes the
preservation of woodlands and farmlands.

Municipal Leadership Awards were given to several local municipalities:
Caernarvon, Hereford, Robeson, Tilden, Union and Upper Bern townships; Birdsboro
and Kutztown boroughs; and the city of Reading.

To see more of the Reading Eagle, or to subscribe, go to
http://www.readingeagle.com. Copyright (c) 2008, Reading Eagle, Pa. Distributed
by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: April 23, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20080423-RE-Conservancy-receives-gift-of-92,150-0423

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: RE


                          Copyright 2008 Reading Eagle


                              887 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                The Denver Post

                            October 8, 2016 Saturday
                              SAT REGIONAL Edition

$10 million will develop six state trail sections

BYLINE: Jason Blevins

SECTION: ASECTION; Pg. 8A

LENGTH: 334 words


Great Outdoors Colorado on Friday awarded $10 million in grants for the first
phase of funding for an ambitious $30 million plan to link communities across
Colorado with multi use trails.

The first round of the Colorado Lottery funded GOCO's Connect Initiative funding
focuses on six projects where 23 miles of new trails will extend connections and
bridge gaps as part of a statewide effort to lace Colorado with trails.

* The Town of Castle Rock gets $1 million to extend the East Plum Creek Trail 2
miles, connecting the town's outlying neighborhoods with downtown.

* Douglas County gets $2 million to finish the final 8 mile leg of the 28 mile
East West Regional Trail that started in 2002, which is part of a regional
vision to loop the entire metro Denver area with a trail.

* The City of Fruita gets $2 million to develop the Kokopelli Section of the
Grand Valley's Colorado Riverfront Trail, connecting the Fruita Visitor Center
with Loma and the Kokopelli Trails mountain biking area, which extends to Moab,
Utah. In the past 25 years, local communities of the Grand Valley have built
nearly 30 miles of trail along the Colorado River.

* The South Suburban Park and Recreation District gets $1 million for the Mary
Carter Greenway East Bank Trail, linking West Oxford Avenue with West Union,
marking the final phase of the trail connecting south metro schools and
neighborhoods with parks along the South Platte Trail.

* Jefferson County gets $2 million to develop a 1.75 mile trail at the mouth of
Clear Creek Canyon, connecting the Peaks to Plains Trail and improving the
canyon's river and rock climbing access points with hiking trails, trailheads
and better parking spots.

* Eagle County gets $2 million to complete a large missing link in a 20 year
push to connect the Eagle River Valley with Glenwood Canyon to the west and
Summit County to the east. The grant will connect the town of Eagle with the
Horn Ranch Open Space Trail.

Jason Blevins: 303 954 1374, jblevins@denverpost.com or @jasonblevins

LOAD-DATE: October 11, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2016 The Denver Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                              888 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                            Pittsburgh Post-Gazette

                           October 17, 2012 Wednesday
                                 SOONER EDITION

ONLINE PROJECT IN WORKS FOR LOCAL PRODUCE RESEARCH

BYLINE: Teresa F. Lindeman, Pittsburgh Post-Gazette

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. A-10

LENGTH: 696 words


In the past decade, the nation has rediscovered the value in producing food
close to the demand -- not just because it tastes better but also because it
builds community, helps with nutrition, generates economic development and can
even offer food safety benefits.

With experiments in urban gardening or local produce sourcing popping up in one
region and research on how to connect farms with customers in another one,
people interested in applying best practices to their own efforts often are
forced to hunt around for details or just plunge in on their own.

"We know all this work was going on," said Brian Raison, assistant professor of
community development at the Ohio State University Extension in Troy, Ohio. But
tracking it down isn't always easy.

This is the kind of project for which the Cooperative Extension Service was
created more than a century ago. The nationwide, noncredit educational network,
which gets federal support and is tied to the land-grant universities, was once
best known for sending out its agents to share research with small farmers or
with rural homeowners.

A new online project -- eXtension.org -- is under way to create one source for
research on subjects ranging from parenting to raising poultry in the backyard
to soil testing, all gathered by Extension offices around the country.

There are dozens of expert communities being formed to establish protocols in
different knowledge areas, and Pittsburgh is serving as a sort of de facto
headquarters for the "food systems" piece of the project, looking at all the
parts of creating a regional network that connects those growing food with those
buying it -- either for use in products or consumption -- with those selling it.

This weekend, a group of about 30 experts connected with the Extension service
met at the Cambria Suites Pittsburgh hotel at the Consol Energy Center, Uptown,
to hash out details on making information involving local food systems easily
available to the public.

"These kinds of food systems can generate jobs," as well as help small farms,
noted Sharon Lezberg, associate scientist at the University of
Wisconsin-Madison, who led a session Tuesday morning to help the group define
what their focus would be. "There's a whole host of benefits."

The group gathered here in part because Penn State University's College of
Agricultural Sciences was already involved in a long-term project to evaluate
regional food systems in the Northeast and enhance food security of underserved
populations.

Since the eXtension project needed a food systems component, the Penn State
Center-Pittsburgh applied for a $50,000 grant to form a community of experts
that would build the online database. The grant was approved in late May, and
the list of participants from all over the country -- including California,
Missouri, Virginia, Vermont, Delaware, North Carolina, Kentucky and Maryland --
quickly assembled.

Virtual discussions began right away, said Deno De Ciantis, director of the Penn
State Center-Pittsburgh, but it was important to get together and lay the
groundwork for everything from what software to use (they decided to share
papers using Google Docs) to whether to include information on organic farming
(no, but they'll point users to that information elsewhere on the site).

Among the subjects the community may address are marketing issues, production
and partnering with economic development groups.

Within a few weeks, Mr. De Ciantis said, the group should have its basic
framework set up, although it will take awhile to build up content on the
website and then there will be the matter of maintaining the flow of fresh
materials.

Eventually, the improved flow of information could contribute to stronger food
systems around the country.

On Sunday, the hosts took their visitors on a tour of local food system
initiatives, including Grow Pittsburgh's Braddock Farms and the Pittsburgh
Public Market in the Strip District.

"Pittsburgh has an exciting and rapidly evolving regional food system," said
Heather Mikulas, who works in Allegheny County with the Extension service.
"While there are wonderful examples all over the country, Pittsburgh is one of
those examples."

LOAD-DATE: October 17, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES: Teresa F. Lindeman: tlindeman@post-gazette.com or at 412-263-2018./

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2012 P.G. Publishing Co.


                              889 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               The Queanbeyan Age

                              July 8, 2011 Friday
                                 Final Edition

Racing could be ruined

BYLINE: The Queanbeyan Age

SECTION: A; Pg. 28

LENGTH: 632  words


MANY Sutton and Yass Valley locals involved with any facet of the thoroughbred
horse industry are scratching their heads at the latest antic of retired
bookmaker come thoroughbred breeder, Bruce McHugh.

McHugh reckons the thoroughbred industry prohibition on artificial insemination
breaches the Trade Practices Act. So he's taking Thoroughbred Breeders Australia
and the Australian Stud Book to the High Court to challenge the ban.

If upheld, the stellar price-tag for getting any old three-legged mare in foal
to whichever of the very best stallions would drop to slightly more than
negligible. No longer able to compete on the 'quality/cost' ratio, smaller
breeders would struggle to remain viable and many would leave the industry,
likely taking their stallions with them.

Many also fear that Australian racing will be ruined. Nowhere else in the world
are artificially bred horses either allowed to race or entered into stud books,
and that's not expected to change. Yet a decision favouring McHugh could force
Australian race clubs to allow artificially bred horses to race.

If these changes are actually forced on the Australian thoroughbred industry and
nowhere else in the world changes with us, all Australian thoroughbreds,
artificial and not, could be excluded from the global racing and breeding
industries.

Yass Sheep Forum LOCAL sheep producers are encouraged to attend a free industry
forum on Wednesday, August 17 at the Yass Soldiers Club to find out how they can
capitalise on improved seasonal conditions and the strong lamb and wool market.

The forum will inform producers across the southern tablelands on the latest
developments and significant issues facing the sheep industry.

Topics including feeding and nutrition, breeding and selection, health and
welfare, resources, pastures and grazing, reproduction, enterprise and business
planning will all be of interest.

The forum is part of Sheep Connect NSW, a joint initiative between NSW
Department of Primary Industry and Australian Wool Innovation.

Registration is essential for this free event. Phone 63913954 or email sheep.
connect@industry

nsw.gov.au Further information is available at www.sheepconnectnsw.com.au
Support for not-for-profit groups YASS Valley Council is currently inviting not
for profit community organisations to apply for support through the $12,000 Yass
Valley Council's Major Event Sponsorship Program. This program provides funding
for major events targeting both the local community and visitors to the Yass
Valley. It is designed specifically for major events which provide significant
destination exposure for the Yass Valley which contribute to the development of
the region as a tourism destination and whose primary aim is to promote its
cultural, recreational, wine, art or heritage tourism attributes.

Applications to the Yass Valley Council's Community Small Grants Program are
also invited from not for profit community organisations based in the Yass
Valley local government area.

These smaller grants are intended to support cultural events and promotional
projects throughout Yass Valley.

Events and festivals fostering the cultural identity of Yass Valley, and
activities that support a diverse range of community art and cultural activities
are all eligible for the minimum amount of funding that may be applied for $500.

Projects providing a social benefit to residents of Yass Valley, and activities
promoting Yass Valley as a place to live, work or visit are also eligible for
funding from The Small Grants Program.

Further information on the Sponsorship Programs can be obtained by phoning Mat
Bradley on 62262557 or by emailing council @yass.nsw.gov.au To publicise Sutton
and its residents' issues, achievements and events, call me on 62973033 or
email: joe.pelle@queanbeyan age.com.au

LOAD-DATE: January 16, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: QA


             Copyright 2011 Fairfax Media Publications Pty. Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              890 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            August 30, 2014 Saturday

California schools superintendent Tom Torlakson tours Long Beach City College's
career technical education center

LENGTH: 450  words

DATELINE: Long Beach


California State University has issued the following news release:

Tom Torlakson, state superintendent of public instruction, visited Long Beach
City College Wednesday to spotlight career technical education programs.

LBCC is leading the Advanced Manufacturing and Engineering Technology Linked
Learning Consortium, which was awarded $14.9 million under the Career Pathways
Trust, a statewide $250 million program to move students toward college and
high-demand fields.

"We fought hard to get $250 million in the state budget to expand these kinds of
regional partnerships which help students succeed and get to work faster in
areas that they feel confident in and skilled in, but it also helps our economy,
so as we go around the state -- the first round of $250 million -- in that
process we have touched the regional economies in almost every part of
California," Torlakson said.

The consortium is a regional collaboration among five community colleges, Cal
State Long Beach and Cal State Los Angeles, 14 school districts and six local
community development partners, officials said.

The goal is to provide an employment pipeline by linking academics to
high-growth employment sectors. Agencies that receive grants connect learning
programs with businesses to prepare students for jobs in advanced manufacturing
and engineering technology.

Torlakson joined LBCC President Eloy Ortiz Oakley and Chris Steinhauser,
superintendent of the Long Beach Unified School District. The education leaders
visited LBCC faculty and students, as well as classrooms, including a first
semester industrial electricity class.

"We need to adjust our programs, not just to create programs that lead to jobs,
but to create pathways to skills that lead to jobs, and those skills are very
different than they were 10 years ago," Oakley said.

Senate President Pro Tem Darrell Steinberg, D-Sacramento, spearheaded the Career
Pathways Trust last year to establish the competitive grant program in
California's 2013-14 budget.

Colleges throughout the state have committed to working with their neighboring
school districts to develop clear career pathways with industry-driven technical
learning, from high school to graduation with a bachelor's degree.

Steinhauser called the partnerships a "win-win" for business and education,
saying "the grants that we received are helping our young people to connect a
pathway to their area of interest."

Torlakson said an additional $250 million in funding for the program may come
next spring.

"Students see the relevancy of it, so they don't drop out, they're excited to
stay in school and they do their homework and they graduate," he said.

For more information please visit: http://www.calstate.edu

LOAD-DATE: August 30, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              891 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             August 29, 2014 Friday

California schools superintendent Tom Torlakson tours Long Beach City College's
career technical education center

LENGTH: 450  words

DATELINE: Long Beach


California State University has issued the following news release:

Tom Torlakson, state superintendent of public instruction, visited Long Beach
City College Wednesday to spotlight career technical education programs.

LBCC is leading the Advanced Manufacturing and Engineering Technology Linked
Learning Consortium, which was awarded $14.9 million under the Career Pathways
Trust, a statewide $250 million program to move students toward college and
high-demand fields.

"We fought hard to get $250 million in the state budget to expand these kinds of
regional partnerships which help students succeed and get to work faster in
areas that they feel confident in and skilled in, but it also helps our economy,
so as we go around the state -- the first round of $250 million -- in that
process we have touched the regional economies in almost every part of
California," Torlakson said.

The consortium is a regional collaboration among five community colleges, Cal
State Long Beach and Cal State Los Angeles, 14 school districts and six local
community development partners, officials said.

The goal is to provide an employment pipeline by linking academics to
high-growth employment sectors. Agencies that receive grants connect learning
programs with businesses to prepare students for jobs in advanced manufacturing
and engineering technology.

Torlakson joined LBCC President Eloy Ortiz Oakley and Chris Steinhauser,
superintendent of the Long Beach Unified School District. The education leaders
visited LBCC faculty and students, as well as classrooms, including a first
semester industrial electricity class.

"We need to adjust our programs, not just to create programs that lead to jobs,
but to create pathways to skills that lead to jobs, and those skills are very
different than they were 10 years ago," Oakley said.

Senate President Pro Tem Darrell Steinberg, D-Sacramento, spearheaded the Career
Pathways Trust last year to establish the competitive grant program in
California's 2013-14 budget.

Colleges throughout the state have committed to working with their neighboring
school districts to develop clear career pathways with industry-driven technical
learning, from high school to graduation with a bachelor's degree.

Steinhauser called the partnerships a "win-win" for business and education,
saying "the grants that we received are helping our young people to connect a
pathway to their area of interest."

Torlakson said an additional $250 million in funding for the program may come
next spring.

"Students see the relevancy of it, so they don't drop out, they're excited to
stay in school and they do their homework and they graduate," he said.

For more information please visit: http://www.calstate.edu

LOAD-DATE: August 29, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              892 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                           Pittsburgh Tribune Review

                           January 10, 2013 Thursday

Grant to fund trail expansion

BYLINE: by MATTHEW DeFUSCO

LENGTH: 233 words


Cranberry residents will have plenty more room to roam on the trail at Graham
Park after the township adds 2.15 miles to it, funded with a $90,000 grant from
the Pennsylvania Department of Conservation and Natural Resources.

The new section of the trail will stretch from Rochester Road to Powell Road,
mostly following Brush Creek.

Cranberry's engineering department is working with the Department of
Environmental Protection to secure a permit allowing the construction.

The project is expected to be finished within two years but Chelsea Puff,
community projects administrator for Cranberry, said she's hoping that is
sooner.

Puff noted that in developing Cranberry's Recreation and Open Space Plan,
surveys returned by homeowners showed the top three requests by residents
concerned trails and ways that pedestrians could travel throughout the
community.

"We saw what a high priority it really was for the community," Puff said.

This addition will aid in a long-term effort with Marshall to connect several
areas. Puff said later it will make sense to connect the trail to New Sewickley,
but no plans have been made to do so yet.

The trail expansion ties into plans to make the township easier for walkers and
bicycle riders to travel, Puff said.

Cranberry must match the state grant. Township officials included the amount in
the 2013 budget.

Matthew DeFusco is a reporter for Trib Total Media.

LOAD-DATE: February 10, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                Copyright 2013 Tribune Review Publishing Company
                              All Rights Reserved


                              893 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            October 20, 2015 Tuesday

Washington: Reed Celebrates Bumper Crop of New RI Food Businesses at Hope & Main

LENGTH: 640 words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Washington: Office of the Senator Jack Reed has issued the following news
release:



 Today, U.S. Senator Jack Reed celebrated the one-year anniversary of Hope &
Main, the state's first culinary business incubator, and announced a new $85,010
federal grant from the U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA) to support the
non-profit's continued efforts to grow culinary businesses in Rhode Island.
Hope & Main will use the USDA Farmers Market Promotion Program grant to support
their "Schoolyard Market" initiative through community education and outreach,
and for staffing and infrastructure improvements for the Schoolyard Market.





 Senator Reed helped secure this federal grant, which will help expand the
market's reach while promoting Hope & Main's mission of helping local food
producers grow their marketplace, increase sales, and ultimately create more
jobs in Rhode Island.  The initiative also has a public education component
designed to promote healthy eating and meet the growing consumer demand for
fresh, local food.



 &ldquo;It is great to see progress sprouting here at Hope & Main and hopefully
this grant will build upon the success of the Schoolyard Market and expand its
reach.  This place brings people together and helps them connect over great,
fresh, local food.  Hope & Main is a wonderful community resource for food
entrepreneurs of all sizes and a place where they can collaborate, try new
recipes, and grow their businesses.  I will continue working at the federal
level to support Rhode Island's food economy and help local businesses
thrive,&rdquo; said Senator Reed, who supported Hope & Main's funding
application for this USDA grant.



 Last year, Reed held a workshop where he brought USDA officials to Rhode Island
to connect them with local growers and food enterprises and help them
successfully compete for federal grants.



 A senior member of the Senate Appropriations Committee, Reed helped make $13.3
million available this year in Farmers Market Promotion Program grants this
year, which USDA is using to fund Hope & Main's Schoolyard Market Initiative and
163 other projects nationwide that promote direct-to-consumer options for local
food.



 As Hope & Main celebrates its first birthday, the historic structure that it is
housed in turns 100.  Built in 1915, the 18,000 square foot elementary school
was rehabilitated by its new owner, Hope & Main.  With the help of a $2.9
million USDA loan, the classrooms were preserved, blackboards were restored, and
even the maple floors were polished to reveal the places where wooden desks were
once bolted to the floor.  The entire first floor remains a community space
devoted to public education about cooking, nutrition, and the need to recapture
and sustain the local food system.  After one year in business, the non-profit
food business incubator says it has helped to launch more than 50 food
businesses.



 Hope & Main is a non-profit that helps jump-start early stage food businesses
and helps food-based entrepreneurs produce and sell their products by providing
low cost, low risk access to shared use commercial kitchen space and other
industry specific technical resources.  As the state's first food business
incubator, Hope & Main gives food startups the chance to grow in their first two
to three years without the cost of equipping their own commercial facilities.
Members benefit from extensive mentoring, access to fully equipped and
affordable workspace, and immersion in an entrepreneurial environment where they
can collaborate with industry experts and peers.  Hope & Main's aim is to create
a community of support for food entrepreneurs and to serve as a springboard for
the launch and growth of new culinary enterprises.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 21, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              894 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           October 14, 2015 Wednesday

Washington: Reed Celebrates Bumper Crop of New RI Food Businesses at Hope & Main

LENGTH: 640 words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Washington: Office of the Senator Jack Reed has issued the following news
release:



 Today, U.S. Senator Jack Reed celebrated the one-year anniversary of Hope &
Main, the state's first culinary business incubator, and announced a new $85,010
federal grant from the U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA) to support the
non-profit's continued efforts to grow culinary businesses in Rhode Island.
Hope & Main will use the USDA Farmers Market Promotion Program grant to support
their "Schoolyard Market" initiative through community education and outreach,
and for staffing and infrastructure improvements for the Schoolyard Market.





 Senator Reed helped secure this federal grant, which will help expand the
market's reach while promoting Hope & Main's mission of helping local food
producers grow their marketplace, increase sales, and ultimately create more
jobs in Rhode Island.  The initiative also has a public education component
designed to promote healthy eating and meet the growing consumer demand for
fresh, local food.



 &ldquo;It is great to see progress sprouting here at Hope & Main and hopefully
this grant will build upon the success of the Schoolyard Market and expand its
reach.  This place brings people together and helps them connect over great,
fresh, local food.  Hope & Main is a wonderful community resource for food
entrepreneurs of all sizes and a place where they can collaborate, try new
recipes, and grow their businesses.  I will continue working at the federal
level to support Rhode Island's food economy and help local businesses
thrive,&rdquo; said Senator Reed, who supported Hope & Main's funding
application for this USDA grant.



 Last year, Reed held a workshop where he brought USDA officials to Rhode Island
to connect them with local growers and food enterprises and help them
successfully compete for federal grants.



 A senior member of the Senate Appropriations Committee, Reed helped make $13.3
million available this year in Farmers Market Promotion Program grants this
year, which USDA is using to fund Hope & Main's Schoolyard Market Initiative and
163 other projects nationwide that promote direct-to-consumer options for local
food.



 As Hope & Main celebrates its first birthday, the historic structure that it is
housed in turns 100.  Built in 1915, the 18,000 square foot elementary school
was rehabilitated by its new owner, Hope & Main.  With the help of a $2.9
million USDA loan, the classrooms were preserved, blackboards were restored, and
even the maple floors were polished to reveal the places where wooden desks were
once bolted to the floor.  The entire first floor remains a community space
devoted to public education about cooking, nutrition, and the need to recapture
and sustain the local food system.  After one year in business, the non-profit
food business incubator says it has helped to launch more than 50 food
businesses.



 Hope & Main is a non-profit that helps jump-start early stage food businesses
and helps food-based entrepreneurs produce and sell their products by providing
low cost, low risk access to shared use commercial kitchen space and other
industry specific technical resources.  As the state's first food business
incubator, Hope & Main gives food startups the chance to grow in their first two
to three years without the cost of equipping their own commercial facilities.
Members benefit from extensive mentoring, access to fully equipped and
affordable workspace, and immersion in an entrepreneurial environment where they
can collaborate with industry experts and peers.  Hope & Main's aim is to create
a community of support for food entrepreneurs and to serve as a springboard for
the launch and growth of new culinary enterprises.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 17, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              895 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       Charleston Gazette (West Virginia)

                            February 6, 2011, Sunday

Community Connect Foundation promoting development through technology

BYLINE: Clint Thomas

SECTION: FORECAST; Pg. P3K

LENGTH: 837 words


Established five years ago, the Community Connect Foundation is a nonprofit,
Charleston-based entity promoting community development and sustainability
through the use and adoption of technologies throughout West Virginia.

"The Community Connect Foundation is funded by grants from the Claude
Worthington Benedum Foundation and AT&T," explained its CEO, Darrell Buttrick,
who has also served as executive director for nonprofit organizations such as
Big Brothers/Big Sisters, the American Heart Association and the Ronald McDonald
House.

Among the CCF's other partners are:

The West Virginia Office of Technology

The West Virginia Department of Education

The West Virginia Association of Counties

The West Virginia Municipal League

The West Virginia Regional Education Service Agency

WV.GOV.

The foundation maintains three primary focus areas:

Education and outreach

Supply and demand analysis

Strategic planning and funding.

A current project of the CCF, underway for the past three years, is the
County/City E-Government Program, designed to facilitate a web presence under
the WV.GOV website for every municipality and county in the state.

Working with the Association of Counties, the Municipal League and the state
board of education, the CCF has implemented the County/City E-Government Program
by having high school students in each county compile and create information for
inclusion on each city and county site.

Jonathan D. Price, project coordinator, said the CCF was founded to use
technology and have it developed and embraced on a local level throughout the
entire state, and the E-Government Program has been one of its early successes
toward that end.

"This has been our first major milestone," he said.

With the state Office of Technology hosting the website at no charge to the
community or county, he said, the program is designed to help the government
bodies maintain a web presence economically, efficiently and, ultimately,
profitably.

The high school students who participate in gathering the website content, in
turn, receive hands-on experience in areas such as civics, journalism, public
speaking and 21st century technology, he said. Students from one high school in
each county collect the data, Price said, using laptops and other equipment
provided by the Office of Technology.

Along with the educational skills the project affords the students, Price said
another major benefit is that they develop stronger bonds with their communities
and the people who keep them operating.

Price noted that civic officials can voluntarily choose what, if any, of the
students' contributions they place on their websites, and, in fact, must give
ultimate approval to all submissions that are posted online.

"All information has to be approved explicitly by the cities and counties," said
Price. "They have the final say on whatever goes on the website."

He said the program's long-term goal is based on the "PITA Principle." The
"PITA" acronym stands for "Publish," "Interact," "Transact" and "Adoption," the
four steps in establishing and maintaining an ongoing, successful website for
cities and counties alike.

Buttrick added that the CCF is also working to create and expand upon existing
sustainability measures for the websites once they're in place. "At some point,
the CCF will no longer be involved with their websites," he said, and the
government entities will be fully responsible for online updates and upkeep.

"This is just the first phase," said Buttrick. "What we'd like to see is the
E-Government Program become a model for other states to adopt, so they wouldn't
have to reinvent the wheel the way we sort have had to do. It was an educational
process for us. It still is."

"We're still learning with the counties and cities and students to agree on
goals and values and the best ways to implement them," Price said.

With 49 counties online through the E-Government program and others pending (as
well as more than 250 municipalities taking part), Price said the CCF is hoping
to announce the achievement of a complete 55-county web presence on Feb. 7,
during the Association of Counties' annual meeting at the Embassy Suites in
Charleston.

Buttrick said the CCF board, which meets quarterly, anticipates adding one or
two more members this month, as well as announcing the receipt of another grant
from partner AT&T.

For additional information about the Community Connect Foundation, visit the
foundation's website at www.communityconnectfoundation.org or contact Buttrick
at 304-546-5362 or dlbuttrick@suddenlink.net

The CCF offices are located at 107 Hale St. in Charleston.

Photo by Clint Thomas

Jonathan D. Price (left) and Darrell Buttrick, CEO, of the Community Connect
Foundation, have spent the past three years implementing the nonprofit
organization's County/City E-Government Program, wherein West Virginia high
school students help city and county officials establish (or enhance) their
websites in all 55 counties. Foundation members and their partners hope the
program will be a template for other states.

LOAD-DATE: February 10, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2011 Charleston Newspapers


                              896 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                           The Ledger (Lakeland, FL)

                             July 1, 2003, Tuesday

GRANT TO EXTEND AUBURNDALE TRAIL

BYLINE: MERISSA GREEN The Ledger

SECTION: Metro; Pg. B3

LENGTH: 424 words


AUBURNDALE -- The Parks and Recreation Department has been awarded a $ 200,000
state grant that will help extend the Auburndale Trail.

Once Auburndale receives the money, which it will have to match, another 2.5
miles of the trail will be paved, said Cindy Hummel, parks and recreation
director.

The sooner Auburndale can connect to the Van Fleet Trail in Polk City, the
better, Hummel said.

"It's good for our citizens," she said. "This will enable them to do more in our
community instead of going someplace else."

Auburndale is the only municipality from Polk to receive the allocation from the
Florida Recreation Development Assistance Program this year, said Terri Messler,
community program administrator for the Florida Department of Environmental
Protection.

The city completed a 1.2-mile section of the Auburndale Trail last year. This
year's grant will mean 3.7 miles of the trail will be paved.

The trail will eventually connect to the Van Fleet Trail in Polk City, making
the total distance 7.8 miles, Hummel said. She hopes to have the project
completed by 2005.

The Van Fleet Trail is 29 miles long, ending at State Road 50 in Sumter County.

The city has worked for several years with Tampa Electric Co. and other agencies
on the trail development of the abandoned CSX railroad right of way west of
Berkley Road. The city bought a portion of the right of way between Lake Myrtle
and Braddock Road in 1998.

TECO owns the balance of right of way between the city's property and the Van
Fleet Trail in Polk City. The property was annexed in January 2001. Both TECO
and the city have utilities in the 100-foot-wide parcels between Braddock Road
and an area just south of I-4.

In 2002, Auburndale entered a 30-year lease with TECO that will allow the city
to develop 51/2 miles of property between Braddock Road and I-4.

The lease will cost the city $ 1 per year.

TECO is in discussions with the state Rails-to-Trails program regarding donation
of the 100-foot-wide parcels north of the interstate that would connect with
state property at the Van Fleet Trail.

The Florida Rails-to-Trails program, started in 1987, was designed to purchase
abandoned railroad corridors and other areas.

In addition to hiking paths, such trails are typically used for such
recreational activities as bicycling, horseback riding and wildlife observation.

Later this year, the city will construct parking and restrooms at the trail.

Merissa Green can be reached at merissa.green@theledger.com or at 863-401-6968.

LOAD-DATE: July 6, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

             Copyright 2003 Lakeland Ledger Publishing Corporation


                              897 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            August 16, 2016 Tuesday

Maryland: $10 Million Federal Grant Approved for BaltimoreLinkâ[#x20ac][TM]s
â[#x20ac][#xfffd]North Avenue Risingâ[#x20ac][TM] Project

LENGTH: 693  words

DATELINE: New York



 Annapolis: The Office of Governor Larry Hogon, The State of Maryland  has
issued the following news release:



   Hogan Administration's BaltimoreLink Project to Include Dedicated Bus Lanes,
Bike Facilities, Transit Station Enhancements, Bus Stops, Sidewalks,
Streetscaping, and Road Re-Paving Along North Avenue



 ANNAPOLIS, MD - Federal, state, and local officials today gathered at Coppin
State University to celebrate the award of a $10 million federal grant for the
North Avenue Rising project in Baltimore City, which is part of the Hogan
administration's transformative BaltimoreLink transit improvement plan. The $27
million North Avenue project will be jointly funded with $14.7 million from the
Maryland Department of Transportation, $1 million from Baltimore City, and $1.6
million from the U.S. Department of Transportation's Federal Highway
Administration.





 "Moving the North Avenue Rising project forward as part of our administration's
BaltimoreLink plan is key to providing an efficient transportation system that
will improve the vitality of this Baltimore community," said Governor Hogan.
"Thanks to partnerships with our federal and local partners, we can continue to
move forward with BaltimoreLink in this final section of North Avenue, helping
to connect residents to jobs along this important corridor."



 "I am proud to have played a part in securing these crucial federal funds for
the North Avenue Rising project," said U.S. Representative Elijah Cummings.
"This is precisely the kind of investment we need to sustain the new renaissance
that is beginning on North Avenue and to help expand it to all communities along
the corridor."



 The $10 million Transportation Investment Generating Economic Recovery (TIGER)
grant compliments $14.7 million in funds committed by MDOT, $1.6 million from
U.S. DOT's Federal Highway Administration, and $1 million from Baltimore City.
North Avenue already has been identified as a key transit corridor in MTA's $135
million revision of the citywide transit network - BaltimoreLink. With the
additional federal funding, revitalization along the five-mile stretch of North
Avenue now will include dedicated bus lanes, transit signal priority, bike
facilities, enhancements to Light Rail and Metro Subway stations, improvements
at major bus stops and sidewalks, streetscaping and roadway re-paving.



 "North Avenue plays a vital role in Baltimore as a corridor that connects
neighborhoods and institutions across the city," said Transportation Secretary
Pete K. Rahn. "This project will strengthen economic development efforts in the
corridor that will improve the quality of life for Baltimore communities for
years to come."



 MTA Administrator and CEO Paul Comfort agreed. "The transportation improvements
linked to this project will help jumpstart economic growth for this key section
of Baltimore City - connecting people to major economic and entertainment
centers while getting people where they want and need to go faster and more
efficiently."



 MTA's second busiest bus line - carrying nearly 4 million passengers annually -
runs along North Avenue, which is one of the few roadways that connect the MTA's
Metro Subway and Light Rail transit systems. This corridor is also home to many
important Baltimore institutions such as Coppin State University and Maryland
Institute College of Art. MTA and Baltimore City have worked together closely
with the common goal of revitalizing North Avenue to its full potential.



 "I am grateful for the federal and state support to enhance our city's
roadways, mass transit systems and biking facilities," said Baltimore Mayor
Stephanie Rawlings-Blake. "State of-the-art infrastructure that supports
multi-modal transportation for city residents makes economic opportunities
accessible. Building effective transit infrastructure has positive impacts on
the quality of life of our residents, including access to jobs and opportunity.
When our residents have the opportunity to grow financially, it is a positive
outcome for the entire community."



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content please contact:
editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: August 17, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              898 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                              The Hartford Courant

                             June 30, 2016 Thursday
                                   1 Edition

State Grants

BYLINE: JOSH KOVNER

SECTION: CONNECTICUT; B; Pg. 3

LENGTH: 633  words


HARTFORD - In Middletown and Norwalk, hospital "care teams" have helped to
reduce emergency-room visits by homeless people, linking them with help finding
housing, health insurance, walk-in medical clinics and mental-health treatment,
according to health practitioners.

An attempt to expand the care teams statewide stalled when the administration of
Gov. Dannel P. Malloy rescinded $4.5 million in funding that the legislature had
granted to the effort in the last session, a hospital industry spokesman said.

On Wednesday, hospital representatives and housing advocates announced a
$300,000 grant to, among other things, gather proof on just how effective the
care teams have been - and strengthen the argument for when advocates take
another shot at state funding.

If the state invested $3 million annually to expand the number of care teams
from six to 24, it would save about $25 million a year in Medicaid expenses,
said industry spokesman Carl Schiessl, a former state representative from
Windsor who directs advocacy for the Connecticut Hospital Association.

"The legislature got it," Schiessl said at a housing and health care forum in
Hartford where the $300,000 grant from the United Health Foundation was
announced. "It broke my heart when the money was rescinded. We've demonstrated
the savings in Medicaid in Middlesex County and Greater Norwalk."

The cut was part of millions of dollars in rescissions that Malloy made to try
to reduce the budget deficit.

The recipient of the foundation's grant is the Partnership for Strong
Communities.

"Our hope is that if we show how providing this coordinated care is saving on
Medicaid, then Medicaid would help pay for it," said Jane McNichol, who is
managing the project for the Partnership for Strong Communities. "Now, hospitals
are doing it largely voluntarily."

Those hosting care teams are Middlesex Hospital, Norwalk Hospital, Hartford
Hospital, St. Francis Hospital and Medical Center in Hartford, Yale-New Haven
Hospital and Danbury Hospital.

Fiona Phelan, spokeswoman at St. Francis, noted that the care team encounters
people without health insurance and patients with mental illness.

"Homelessness is part of it, but the picture is even broader," said Phelan.

People who have Medicaid coverage use hospital emergency departments at almost
twice the rate of people with private health insurance, according to reports by
the federal Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services, or CMS.

Medicaid patients can struggle with a lack of access to appropriate medical
settings, according to CMS.

In one initiative, St. Francis worked with the Hartford office of Community
Solutions to identify 12 patients who used the emergency room frequently during
the year.

Community Solutions assigned a case manager to work with the patients and
connect them to services.

In nine months, emergency department visits by those dozen patients dropped more
than 50 percent, according to St. Francis.

Terri DiPietro directs outpatient behavioral health for Middlesex Hospital in
Middletown. She said at least 20 percent of people who frequent emergency rooms
are homeless.

The care team at Middlesex, she said, has forged links with providers of
housing, primary health care, mental-health treatment and other services.

"Emergency departments offer treatment for the moment that someone is there. The
care teams catch the patients on the outside and connect them with the services
that can break the cycle," DiPietro said.

Two dozen area agencies are working with the care team at Norwalk Hospital, said
Schiessl.

"People in this state talk about regional cooperation - well, this is regional
cooperation. And we're getting fewer ER visits, better outcomes for patients and
less stress on emergency departments. Hospital care is expensive. Fewer visits
mean Medicaid savings."

LOAD-DATE: June 30, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2016 The Hartford Courant Company
                              All Rights Reserved


                              899 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                         Morris Daily Herald (Illinois)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             April 22, 2014 Tuesday

Bike path in Diamond will provide safe routes

BYLINE: Jessica Bourque, Morris Daily Herald, Ill.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 464 words


April 22--DIAMOND -- More than 200 children living in the Diamond Estates and
Farmstone subdivisions in Diamond will travel a safer route to school thanks to
a newly-funded bike path.

The village was recently awarded more than $160,000 from the Illinois Department
of Transportation to construct the path, which will connect the subdivisions to
existing sidewalks in Coal City school district's Safe Routes to School travel
plan.

"This is the perfect grant for us so we can make this project happen," Diamond
Mayor Terry Kernc said. "We have truly embraced the Safe Routes to School in
Diamond."

The asphalt path will be about 1,600 feet long, beginning at Amber Lane, running
north and east to the Claypool Drainage Ditch and continuing on to McGinty
Street. The path will include a wooden foot bridge across the drainage ditch for
easier crossing.

The total project will cost about $200,000 with the remaining $40,000 to be
funded through local matching.

Constructing the bike path was made a priority last year after a resident
complained to the Village Board that children in Diamond Estates had no safe
routes to walk or bike to school.

"That made me realize that we needed to move this project along faster and look
for some grants," said Kernc, who applied for the winning grant last August.

Diamond was one of several communities awarded grant money through the Illinois
Transportation Enhancement Program -- a federally-funded, competitive program
that encourages transportation-related projects.

In all, the state issued $52.7 million in ITEP funds for local transportation
projects, such as the bike path in Diamond.

Kernc said the goal is to connect all the neighborhoods in the village with safe
and scenic biking and walking paths.

The village of Coal City and Coal City Community Unit School District 1 applied
for a separate grant that would add new sidewalks throughout the district.

"We want to encourage our kids to walk or bike to school in a safe way,"
Superintendent Kent Bugg said. "[The bike path] only enhances that opportunity
for us."

The main purpose of the path is providing a safe route for school children, but
Kernc said everyone is encouraged to enjoy the new bike path.

"We want people to be able to also go safely to our commercial quarter on [Route
113]," Kernc said.

The grant was awarded last week so the village is still in the process of
finalizing contracts with IDOT, but Kernc said the village hopes to have the
path completed by the end of this year.

"Once it gets started, I think it will get done quickly," Kernc said. "We want
to have it ready for everyone's enjoyment as soon as possible."

___ (c)2014 the Morris Daily Herald (Morris, Ill.) Visit the Morris Daily Herald
(Morris, Ill.) at www.morrisdailyherald.com Distributed by MCT Information
Services

LOAD-DATE: April 22, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20140422-1MO-Bike-path-in-Diamond-will-provide-safe-routes-0422-20140422

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1MO


                       Copyright 2014 Morris Daily Herald


                              900 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                    The Salem News (Beverly, Massachusetts)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             July 16, 2011 Saturday

New Salem bike path stretches from Winter Island to Marblehead

BYLINE: Matthew K. Roy, The Salem News, Beverly, Mass.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 429 words


July 16--SALEM -- The city has finished a 4.8-mile bike lane that gives bike
riders their own space on Salem's busy streets.

The lane creates a north-south biking corridor through Salem, running from the
Marblehead town line to Winter Island. It also gives riders a way to access
several parks, open spaces, schools and beaches, according to city officials.

"Striping dedicated bike lanes will help educate vehicular traffic that they
need to share the road with bicyclists, and make bicyclists more comfortable
riding on the road with cars," Mayor Kim Driscoll said.

The lane was a joint project of the city and its Bike Path Committee.

"It gets people out of their cars and onto bicycles, which is great in terms of
relieving traffic congestion," said Lynn Duncan, Salem's director of planning
and community development. "It's definitely greener, and it's healthier (for the
rider). It has benefits for the community and the individual."

Dan Shuman, owner of Salem Cycle and chairman of the Bike Path Committee, said
the new lane "adds to our existing bike path and connects multiple locations."

It will link the Marblehead/Salem bike path off Lafayette Street, a small path
through Palmer Cove, and a path along Webb Street and along Collins Cove, Shuman
said.

The lane also establishes Salem as a "bike-friendly" city, Duncan said. The Bike
Path Committee, formed in 2006, has, with the help of a consultant, finished a
master plan that recommends phasing in improvements for bicyclists.

Since 2006, the city has added an off-road bike path next to the Bridge Street
bypass road, extended a Marblehead path a half-mile from Lafayette Street to
Canal Street, and put 54 bike racks downtown. In 2009, Salem installed its first
on-street bike lane from Harbor View Terrace to the Marblehead line.

The city is in the process of planning a 1.5-mile extension of its bike path,
from Canal Street (near Gardner Mattress) to downtown. The project will connect
downtown Salem to downtown Marblehead with an entirely off-road path.

All this has made an impression on the cycling community.

"Cyclists see Salem as a cycling destination," Shuman said.

The bike lane, which cost $41,475, was paid for by grants, including Community
Development Block Grant money.

To see more of The Salem News or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.salemnews.com/. Copyright (c) 2011, The Salem News, Beverly, Mass.
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For more information
about the content services offered by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services
(MCT), visit www.mctinfoservices.com.

LOAD-DATE: July 16, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20110716-ZS-New-Salem-bike-path-stretches-from-Winter-Island-to-Marblehead-0716-
20110716

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: ZS


                         Copyright 2011 The Salem News


                              901 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            February 1, 2016 Monday

North Carolina: Wake Forest receives $650,000 Mellon Foundation grant

LENGTH: 851  words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Raleigh: Wake Forest University, The State of North Carolina has issued the
following news release:



 The three-year grant will support a program that will expand interdisciplinary
humanities research, teaching practices and public scholarship.



 Michele Gillespie, dean of Wake Forest College, will advance these efforts in
partnership with the Humanities Institute, Information Technology Services, Z.
Smith Reynolds Library (ZSR), Reynolda House Museum of American Art and the
historic Reynolda estate, to create broad-based support for the humanities at
Wake Forest and in the broader Winston-Salem community. Administration and
faculty will have support in many forms, including grants for curricular design,
faculty seminars, public engagement projects, symposia and conferences.





 Funding will support a range of humanities-inflected programming, including, in
response to high faculty demand, more opportunity for cross-disciplinary faculty
to teach together and offer students the benefit of intentional
cross-disciplinary learning, particularly in the context of publically engaged
courses, for which faculty have increasingly been seeking support.



 "We are honored that the Mellon Foundation recognized the work we have done and
are making it possible for Wake Forest to continue building on the network of
resources for the engaged humanities that is the cornerstone of a liberal arts
education," Gillespie said. "It's building on faculty initiatives to connect
learning with engaged scholarship in the broader community and curricular
innovation.



 Mellon funding also supports two new positions, a digital humanities research
designer and a web developer, who will help launch a digital humanities design
studio in ZSR Library to support the research and design needs for faculty as
well as undergraduate and graduate/professional studies. The studio will be a
component of the larger ZSR renovation plans to create a suite of Collaborative
Learning Spaces as part of Wake Will: The Campaign for Wake Forest.



 The engaged humanities program will be framed in the context of Wake Forest's
modern day presence in Winston-Salem, connecting the campus to the history of
the community and linking the past, present and the future. For example, in an
effort to engage Reynolda House with learning on the main campus, faculty,
students, and museum staff will organize scholarly gatherings inspired by the
Reynolda Conferences hosted a century ago in Katharine Reynolds's reception
hall.



 "Our fast-expanding Innovation Quarter downtown, the Reynolda Historic District
and our main Reynolda campus tell a quintessentially American story of industry,
innovation, and cultural transformation in the New South, with attendant
tensions, possibilities, and challenges," said Provost Rogan Kersh.
"Consequently, our subject matter includes expanded and refreshed
interpretations of race, class, community, the arts and cultural heritage,
refracted through the legacy of tobacco and the significance of medicine and
related fields in Winston-Salem."



 At a time when many liberal arts institutions have struggled with questions of
relevancy, Wake Forest has stepped up its efforts to reaffirm its distinctive
liberal arts mission. The University's humanities renaissance began with a
$500,000 National Endowment for the Humanities Challenge Grant in 2010 that led
to an additional $1.5 million raised by Wake Will: The Campaign for Wake Forest
in the years that followed. Transformational programming in the College such as
the Interdisciplinary Humanities Pathway to Medicine Program, which offers
guaranteed admission to Wake Forest School of Medicine for up to five
undergraduates majoring in the humanities or fine arts, and new
interdisciplinary initiatives like a growing digital humanities community at
Wake Forest have followed.



 "Over the last five years Wake Forest faculty have increased their work in
public and digital humanities. This new initiative will help scale up efforts
and allow our faculty and students to move to the next level with new resources
to expand campus capacity for both kinds of work," said Mary Foskett, director
of the Humanities Institute. "The engaged humanities supported by the Mellon
grant seeks to strengthen and make explicit the important relationships that our
students and faculty are building with the larger community."



 The grant will help administrators and faculty focus on three priorities that
align with the Mellon Foundation's mission:



     Engaged Humanities: Learning Through a Digital Campus;

     Bearing Witness: Wake Forest, Winston-Salem and the World; and

     Narrative Medicine: The Story, Health and Healing Initiative.



 "We had planted all of these seeds and they were starting to sprout. The Mellon
grant will enable them to grow across the humanities and blossom in
interdisciplinary connections," Gillespie said. "This grant is going to help us
build on faculty initiatives to connect learning with engaged scholarship."



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com



LOAD-DATE: February 1, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              902 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                    The Evening Sun (Hanover, Pennsylvania)

                            December 19, 2010 Sunday

DEP, township at odds on plan

BYLINE: By CRAIG K. PASKOSKI The Evening Sun

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 456 words


Reading Township officials are bucking the Department of Environmental
Protection's recommendation that they connect homes in the Lauchman's Bottom
area to East Berlin's new sewage treatment plant, potentially dealing a blow to
the borough's hopes of getting the needed additional hook-ups to help ease a
financial burden to the borough.

"It would be more cost effective for the residents of Lauchman's Bottom to
connect to their own plant instead of East Berlin," said Judy Shemon,
secretary/treasurer for the Reading Township Municipal Authority.

According to Shemon, Reading's municipal authority recently sent a letter to DEP
outlining its preference to build its own plant to service Lauchman's Bottom and
noting that it would be constructed when grants and low-interest loans are
available.

The area known as Lauchman's Bottom is just north of East Berlin. That community
includes homes along the Conewago Creek at the end of Kuhn Fording Road and the
adjacent Rinehart/Triple Crown subdivision.

According to Ron Meck, who lives in the community and has been an outspoken
critic of adding sewer there, the hook-up fee and other costs for connecting to
East Berlin's new plant would be between $8,000 and $10,000 per household.

"Then it would cost us another $140-$145 a month," Meck said. "I can't afford
that."

Shemon said the township was still waiting for the state to approve permits for
its plan.

Although DEP would like to see Lauchman's Bottom hooked up to East Berlin's
plant, the state will not overrule the township's preference, said John Repetz,
spokesman for DEP.

"We basically don't tell municipalities what to do," Repetz said.

East Berlin's new $8.1 million plant was designed with the intention of
accommodating growth from the surrounding area. It has the capacity to handle
twice the amount of sewage residents of East Berlin currently generate.

The East Berlin Area Joint Authority received a $5.13 million low-interest loan
from the Pennsylvania Infrastructure Investment Authority, or PENNVEST, and a
$3.95 million grant from the state's "H2O PA" fund in 2009 to build the plant
and improve the borough sewer infrastructure.

The state DEP has recommended that homes in the Lauchman's Bottom and Conewago
Park Drive area of Reading Township be connected to the new plant. Reading
officials have signed on to connect the 30 homes along Conewago Park Drive to
the plant.

Authority member David Richards said getting additional sewage customers from
Reading or Hamilton townships would help defray the cost to the authority.

"We could pick up Reading Township quite easily," Richards said. "If they
(Reading) do (connect), that reduces the cost for borough residents. That hasn't
been determined yet."

cpaskoski@eveningsun.com

LOAD-DATE: December 20, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2010 MediaNews Group, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              903 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                            The Ottawa Herald, Kan.

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                              March 2, 2009 Monday

BRIEF: Non-profit awarded grant for food assistance program

BYLINE: The Ottawa Herald, Kan.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 232 words


Mar. 2--The Winter Center for Restorative Justice, Inc, a non-profit
organization, recently received a $47,496 grant for its Food Assistance Outreach
program, which serves a nine-county area in eastern Kansas.

Winter Center's Food Assistance Outreach program partners with rural affordable
housing complexes to reach program participants and connect participants with
resources and programs, according to a news release.

The Winter Center works to connect participants with services and also give
participants an opportunity to volunteer to give back to the community.

Last year, the Winter Center's Outreach Program assisted more than 200
participants, who received $9,000 in federal benefits, the release said. In
2009, Winter Center aims to double these figures.

The Winter Center serves Franklin, Coffey, Douglas and surrounding counties, as
well as Kansas City.

For more information about the Winter Center or to volunteer, call (785)
845-8877 or e-mail information@winterc4rj.org

To see more of The Ottawa Herald or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.ottawaherald.com Copyright (c) 2009, The Ottawa Herald, Kan.
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: March 2, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20090302-IQ-BRF-Non-profit-awarded-grant
-for-food-assistance-program-0302

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: IQ


                                 Copyright 2009


                              904 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       Daily Gazette (Sterling, Illinois)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                          September 25, 2010 Saturday

Broadband project to bring speed, cost savings

BYLINE: Jason Carson Wilson, Daily Gazette, Sterling, Ill.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 518 words


Sept. 25--ROCK FALLS -- Like pushing a golf ball through a straw.

That's how Paul Jakubczak describes the current broadband network in Rock Falls.

That will change in the next few years as the city and several other Sauk Valley
communities benefit from a $68.5 million Northern Illinois University grant to
make broadband upgrades. Whiteside, Lee, Carroll and Ogle counties are among the
9 counties included in the Illinois Broadband Opportunity Partnership.

Rock Falls will receive nearly $700,000 to pay for improvements, which will mean
residents will be "finally realizing the full potential of broadband," said
Jakubczak, the city's electrical director.

NIU estimates the project will connect about 500 institutions, including nearly
200 schools, 40 libraries, and 60 hospitals and clinics. Jakubczak said
installing a passive optic network, essentially a fiber-optic splitter, would
allow the city to connect all Rock Falls institutions.

"The grant is for 'backbone' infrastructure," he said.

CGH Medical Center in Sterling is among the hospitals that will benefit. Its
share will pay 70 to 80 percent of the $93,000 cost to run fiber-optic cable to
its facilities, CGH Medical Center President and CEO Ed Andersen said.

"It'll give us a lot faster access to the Internet," he said, and give patients
quicker access to medical information.

File transfers of X-rays and CT scans to the Minneapolis-based Virtual Radiology
also will happen more quickly, Anderson said, predicting a "massive
improvement."

CGH also is awaiting word on its application for a U.S. Department of
Agriculture grant that would pay for running cable from CGH down LeFevre Road to
Newman Central Catholic High School and the industrial park.

Communities and institutions will sign agreements to participate in the project,
which is expected to be complete within 3 years.

Not only will the work bring faster speeds, but also cheaper access.

That's music to Jim Winslow's ears. He's the director of technology for the
Morrison Community School District.

"If we get broadband at a more reasonable rate, that would be a super deal,"
Winslow said.

The district pays more than $1,000 a month for broadband access now. About 60
percent of that cost is reimbursed by the Federal Communications Commission's
E-Rate program, which funds libraries and schools to offset telephone and
Internet expenses.

Winslow said the money is generated through taxes on telephone bills. Every
teacher has a computer, and the district's four schools have seven computer
labs.

More than 400 computers and 800 devices, like copiers, printers and scanners,
are connected to the Internet.

"It's quite a network," Winslow said.

To see more of The Daily Gazette or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.saukvalley.com/. Copyright (c) 2010, Daily Gazette, Sterling, Ill.
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For more information
about the content services offered by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services
(MCT), visit www.mctinfoservices.com, e-mail services@mctinfoservices.com, or
call 866-280-5210 (outside the United States, call +1 312-222-4544).

LOAD-DATE: September 26, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20100925-YG-Broadband-project-to-bring-speed-cost-savings-0925-20100925

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: YG


                          Copyright 2010 Daily Gazette


                              905 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                The Denver Post

                              March 3, 2013 Sunday
                              SUN BUSINESS Edition

Delays, bad info trouble project

BYLINE: Andy Vuong

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. 1K

LENGTH: 1691 words


The potential benefits of a much-maligned broadband-expansion project funded
largely with taxpayer dollars, as well as its shortfalls, are on display in the
ski-resort town of Steamboat Springs.

For years, CenturyLink has charged the city's school district $100 for each
megabit per second of Internet connectivity, at least 10 times the price that
Denver-area schools pay.

Enter EAGLE-Net, the quasi-governmental entity that secured $100.6 million in
federal stimulus funding 2 1/2 years ago to expand broadband coverage across
Colorado, promising to connect every school district to its high-speed network.

The mere threat of an additional fiber-optic backbone reaching the mountain
community helped the city negotiate lower fees with CenturyLink, said Tim Miles,
technology director for the Steamboat Springs School District.

"Because of EAGLE-Net coming into town, bringing the competition, CenturyLink
has come down on price," Miles said.

Problem is, EAGLE-Net isn't there yet. It is months behind schedule and facing
mounting criticism about its spending and network build-out.

A reduced rate went into effect in January -- $25 per 1 Mbps, based on Miles'
calculation. Even at that rate, the Steamboat school district can afford only
about a third of the bandwidth he says its 2,300 students need as coursework,
software and teaching materials move online to the cloud.

"The idea behind EAGLE-Net is perfect, but there is no oversight," Miles said.
"We're way behind. We still have no idea what's happening here in rural
Colorado."

When the Obama administration authorized the $7.2 billion federal broadband
stimulus program in 2009, one of the primary goals was to increase the
accessibility and affordability of high-speed Internet service across the
country, with a focus on unserved or underserved rural and mountain communities.

But along the way, allegations of abuse and wasteful spending surfaced. Nine out
of 230 projects approved by the National Telecommunications and Information
Administration have been suspended for performance issues, and two had their
grants terminated, according to the NTIA.

Among the most criticized is Broomfield-based EAGLE-Net, which stands for
Educational Access Gateway Learning Environment Network. With Colorado schools
ranking 42nd out of 50 states in terms of Internet connectivity when grants were
doled out in 2010, EAGLE-Net received the nation's third-largest broadband
award.

Now, it is one of three programs under suspension. It was a prime target of
Republican assault during a congressional hearing last week reviewing the
effectiveness of broadband stimulus.

Among the complaints:

* The project is overbuilding, laying fiber-optic cables in communities that
already have multiple networks. The most glaring example critics point to is
EAGLE-Net's decision to build to an elementary school on the Eastern Plains with
11 students and access to two other networks.

* With a three-year deadline and fixed grant, the project has been slammed for a
network roll-out that started in downtown Denver and is working its way out.
That decision leaves hard-to-reach mountain communities along the Western Slope
as the most likely to be left out should funds run dry. And indeed, the NTIA
acknowledged last week that the project may have to raise additional funds to
complete the network.

* There isn't enough oversight of the organization's spending of federal funds,
with nearly all of its $100.6 million grant already committed and the network
currently serving just 39 of the 220-plus school districts and other
institutions it hopes to reach. In two years, EAGLE-Net has shuffled through
three chief executives and presidents and two chief financial officers, each one
garnering more than $200,000 in annual salary and benefits, according to the
group's records.

In addition to the grant, EAGLE-Net was to receive $34.7 million in matching
in-kind donations, taking the total project cost to $135 million. The goal is to
build a network that provides schools, libraries and other educational entities
with an Internet backbone as well as an intranet, allowing the institutions to
communicate without having to leave the internal system. The project is not
designed to serve residential customers.

The project was suspended in December after altering its construction plans
without first receiving required environmental approvals. Officials say they
hope the suspension will be lifted this month.

Until now, the organization hasn't fully detailed the reasoning behind its
network build-out to address concerns raised by rural carriers and Republican
lawmakers.

In an interview last week, EAGLE-Net chairman John Conley said the group started
construction at the Auraria campus in Denver because that's where it connects
with the so-called Front Range GigaPop, a network that provides educational
institutions with access to the broader Internet.

"Denver is where we connect to the GigaPop, which is our connection to the
Internet," Conley said. "As we spiderweb out, it makes most economical sense to
light up or provide service to community institutions as we build to the more
rural parts of the state."

That strategy, though, has left EAGLE-Net open to criticism for serving the
likes of the Cherry Creek School District while the communities that the
broadband stimulus program aims to assist remain unserved.

Of the 104 so-called community anchor institutions that EAGLE-Net has reached
thus far with its network, only 21 are on the Western Slope and just two are
receiving services.

EAGLE-Net said last week that it has more than 50 customers. A spokeswoman
clarified that some of the 39 institutions the network is serving have multiple
contracts.

As for why EAGLE-Net built into areas that already had multiple networks, such
as the Eastern Plains city of Agate, Conley said the local phone companies
simply didn't tell the organization prior to construction that their communities
were already sufficiently served.

"EAGLE-Net went out no fewer than three times requesting information across the
state from both customers, community anchor institutions and providers and had
to use the information that we had on hand to begin building," he said. "You can
only ask so many times before you have to start making decisions."

EAGLE-Net officials said three rural carriers responded to their request for
information and opted out of the network. Thus, they didn't see an unnecessary
network enter their community, and about 10 so-called community anchor
institutions were removed from EAGLE-Net's plans.

Conley declined to discuss personnel matters, such as why previous chief
executives left or were dismissed from the organization. The group's latest
leader is Mike Ryan, former vice president of deployment and capital management
at Open Range Communications, the now-defunct Greenwood Village-based Internet
provider that received a $267 million federal loan to expand service to
residents in rural areas. Open Range abruptly shut down last year, leaving
26,000 subscribers in 14 states without service.

Conley has also faced criticism as executive director of the Statewide Internet
Portal Authority, another quasi-public entity that Colorado auditors ripped in
December for its lack of independent oversight. Among other things, the audit
found that Conley was approving his own expenses, and he has acknowledged that
someone else should be doing that.

EAGLE-Net is required to submit a financial report to state auditors by the end
of March, and U.S. Rep. Cory Gardner, R-Colo., has said he may seek a federal
inquiry into the organization's spending.

A review by the NTIA in June questioned EAGLE-Net's financial controls after
discovering up to $500,000 in "questionable costs associated" with its grant.
The review also found problems with the $34.7 million matching contributions
EAGLE-Net has to secure as part of the original grant, stating that "there
remains a significant portion of match for which the source and/or value is in
question."

From December 2011 to November, as it slipped further behind the build-out
schedule, EAGLE-Net paid $160,000 to three public-relations and consulting
firms.

With about six months left to finish the network, Western Slope officials are
increasingly concerned that their communities won't get connected.

There is some hope, as NTIA administrator Larry Stricklin and U.S. Rep. Diana
DeGette, D-Colo., promised last week to work with all constituents to find a
solution.

In Steamboat Springs, EAGLE-Net is trying to figure out how to connect the city
to its network in Craig, some 40 miles away. It is in negotiations to lease
access from another provider.

Local officials say that provider is Resort Broadband, which itself uses
CenturyLink's fiber-optic network.

"They should be a lot farther along in their planning process," said Miles, the
Steamboat school district's technology director. "They should know by now how
they're getting to Steamboat."

CenturyLink disputes Miles' contention that EAGLE-Net's planned entrance into
the community had any impact on the recent cost cut. The company said its
ongoing investment in the area "created network efficiencies and drove the price
down."

It also mentioned a "competitive bidding process."

"Our contract with the school district is not a reaction to EAGLE-Net," said Jim
Campbell, a CenturyLink regional vice president.

Officials in Routt County, which includes Steamboat, say they are in dire need
of another network because every piece of Internet data rides over CenturyLink's
pipes.

On Oct. 31, 2011, that fiber connection was cut in Silverthorne, leaving Routt
County without telecommunications service for about eight hours, said county
manager Tom Sullivan. Businesses couldn't process credit- card transactions. The
medical center couldn't access patient records.

"The medical center thought they had an agreement with CenturyLink that if
something happened from one direction they would be rerouted to another
direction so that they could maintain their telecommunications links for their
medical services," Sullivan said. "That did not happen."

Andy Vuong : 303-954-1209, avuong@denverpost.com or fb.com/byandyvuong

LOAD-DATE: March 06, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Tim Miles, Steamboat Springs School District technology director, talks
on the phone in his office in Steamboat Springs. Photos by Andy Cross, The
Denver Post
Byron Radcliff, senior networks engineer for the Steamboat Springs School
District, works in the main data center for the district at Steamboat Springs
Middle School.
Steamboat Springs Middle School sixth-grader Hunter Thvedt, lower center, and
his classmates work on math problems in Judy Ludwig's technology class last
week.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2013 The Denver Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                              906 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                The Denver Post

                             May 19, 2011 Thursday
                                 FINAL EDITION

EDITORIAL Connectivity one key to boosting state's economy The Hickenlooper
administration's ``ground-up'' plan to grow business needs to include an
expansion of broadband services.

SECTION: Pg. B-10

LENGTH: 461 words


Given the Hickenlooper administration's desire to boost the economy, it should
heed one of the constant messages that popped up during its "ground-up" economic
development planning process: Colorado needs better broadband access.

Out of 50 states, Colorado ranks 42nd in broadband connectivity, with service
costing 10 times more than in neighboring states, according to a study conducted
last year.

Connectivity is one of the 21st century's keys to economic and educational
success, especially as more commerce quickly moves to the Internet. But
expanding broadband is a pricey proposition.

Many areas on the plains and in the mountains don't have access to high-speed
Internet service. And just as good roads and transportation systems are a key
driver for the economy, high quality Internet access opens up new markets for
businesses of all sizes.

The Hickenlooper administration launched its "ground-up" plan in order to get
counties talking to each other and to create a state blueprint for the next year
or two, according to Dwayne Romero, executive director of the state Office of
Economic Development and International Trade.

All 64 counties were grouped into 14 regions, and each region identified its
unique challenges and opportunities. The findings weren't completely unexpected.
The mountain communities want to boost tourism and try to lure a Winter Olympics
to the state. El Paso County and its neighbors want to fortify the military
presence in the area, while the Eastern Plains wants to bolster wind energy and
transmission lines.

But two issues seem to transcend those regional borders: broadband access and
regulatory reform.

Cutting bureaucratic red tape might be easier for the Hickenlooper
administration than investing millions of dollars the state doesn't have to
expand broadband access. However, the good news is that Colorado last year won a
$100 million federal grant specifically designed to expand broadband
capabilities to the state's rural communities.

The federal grant is paying for new or enhanced fiber optic lines that
eventually will connect 1,700 schools, more than a dozen community colleges, 26
libraries and three higher education institutions. Getting the lines to those
institutions is critical because it then gives private interests the opportunity
to lay what is frequently called the "final mile" to connect individual homes
and businesses to high speed Internet.

A good business climate needs good schools and modern infrastructure, as an
economics professor recently pointed out. And budget cuts have forced the state
to cut education and infrastructure spending.

However, a good ground-up game plan is needed to spark this moribund economy,
and we hope this one doesn't just gather dust as others have done in previous
years.

LOAD-DATE: May 19, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Editorial

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2011 The Denver Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                              907 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                              Chicago Daily Herald

                           October 14, 2004 Thursday
                   Lake Edition; F2 Edition; McHenry Edition

Island Lake undertakes bike path, trail planning

BYLINE: Sara Faiwell, Daily Herald Staff Writer

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 4

LENGTH: 310 words


Island Lake village officials hope to one day have a bike trail through town
that connects to Moraine Hills State Park in McHenry County.

Tonight, the board will likely vote to form a bike and trail committee, which
will begin the long-term planning of such a project.

"This would be a great opportunity to allow bicycle riders to connect with the
state park," said Island Lake Mayor Charlie Amrich. "We're going to look at the
possibility."

Although a bike trail will take a lot of planning and grant funds to complete,
board members hope the planning committee will make progress with the idea.

"We need a group to just concentrate on this single effort," said Trustee Tom
Martin. "It will be nice to eventually not have to drive your car to go up
there."

Trustee Tom Hyde, who chairs the parks and recreation committee, said his plans
for the biking and walking trail are to connect it to the town's community parks
so people don't have to drive to go from one to another.

"This would help people in Island Lake to more enjoy our own parks," Hyde said.

The trail also would connect into Wauconda by going east on Route 176, north on
Darrell Road and east onto Bonner Road, Hyde said.

The village applied for two grants for a bike path within Island Lake but were
denied both times. The difference now is that the village is planning to link up
the trail with a state park, which Hyde said makes him more hopeful the grant
won't be denied this time.

Hyde also said because a lot of people live across Route 176, the trail would
help families because their kids could bike to school in warm weather without
crossing a major intersection.

The bike and trail committee's first meeting is tentatively scheduled for
Tuesday at 7 p.m. at village hall, 3720 Greenleaf Ave. The meeting is open to
anyone who wants to learn more about the bike trail or participate in the
planning.

LOAD-DATE: November 3, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2004 Paddock Publications, Inc.


                              908 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                      The News-Herald of Willoughby, Ohio

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             April 6, 2010 Tuesday

Geauga getting connected

BYLINE: Cassandra Shofar, The News-Herald, Willoughby, Ohio

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 652 words


Apr. 6--A broadband expansion may help more businesses and residents in Geauga
County jump on the "information superhighway," said County Administrator David
Lair.

A recent $6.1 million grant through the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act
-- with an additional $1.5 million applicant-provided match -- was awarded to
Zito Media Communications. With the funding, Zito will create a 382-mile fiber
ring with 10 gigabits of capacity through the counties of Geauga, Ashtabula and
Trumbull in Northeast Ohio, and the counties of Erie, Crawford and Mercer in
Northwest Pennsylvania, Gov. Ted Strickland said.

"We know that connecting every region of Ohio to high-speed Internet will help
our regional economies grow, so we created Connect Ohio to support applications
and projects like this," Strickland said in a statement. "We appreciate these
federal resources because they will help link our communities to the global
economy and move us closer to our goal of providing broadband access to all
Ohioans."

While the western portion of Geauga County is served relatively well for
broadband, the eastern area has several holes, Lair said.

Zito, which is based in Potter County, Pa., had a preliminary map of the project
drawn up for the grant application. The map shows the route running from the
north end of Geauga County to the south end toward the Zito cable plant in
Thompson Township.

"The residential customers will benefit, and being relatively close to 10
gigabits, it will benefit eastern Geauga County, too," said Colin Higgin, vice
president of Zito Communications. "As for business customers, that's also the
focus of the ring as well as the community anchor institutions. We're obviously
going to be doing route mapping in next few months to determine the exact
route."

The project plans to deploy 342 miles of new fiber and 40 miles of leased fiber
to directly connect an estimated 60 community anchor institutions at the higher
speeds, including hospitals, schools, public safety agencies, colleges and
libraries, according to the governor's office.

Higgin added Zito has two years to have the project substantially complete and
three years to finish it.

"If the Zito Media loop runs through (the eastern portion of the county), that's
where there are holes in the current coverage ... it'll be beneficial for
smaller businesses and residents," Lair added.

For small businesses that are trying to start up, many of them are dependent on
broadband. For those that are not close to a bigger city, it can be even more
costly to purchase a dedicated circuit, he said.

"Usually the phone company near them will sell a dedicated circuit. They can
average beyond $1,000 a month," he said. "It's not cost effective for small
businesses that have to get a dedicated circuit."

Lair said an example of better connectivity between facilities could include a
medical facility being able to transfer patient information and records online
to a clinic further out in an area that isn't currently covered well in
broadband.

U.S. Commerce Secretary Gary Locke said in a statement that all 10 ARRA
investments recently announced, which totaled more than $63 million, will help
bridge the technological divide, boost economic growth, create jobs, and improve
education and health care across the country.

"In a globalized 21st century economy, when you don't have regular access to
high-speed Internet, you don't have access to all the educational, business and
employment opportunities it provides," Locke said.

To see more of The News-Herald or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.news-herald.com. Copyright (c) 2010, The News-Herald, Willoughby,
Ohio Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: April 7, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20100406-WL-BROADBAND-20100406

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: WL


               Copyright 2010 The News-Herald of Willoughby, Ohio


                              909 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                        Glendale News-Press (California)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             May 21, 2014 Wednesday

GCC employee wins statewide award

BYLINE: Kelly Corrigan, Glendale News-Press, Calif.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 418 words


May 21--State education officials named Hoover Zariani as a 2014 "Classified
Employee of the Year" after being nominated by Glendale Community College
earlier this year.

Recipients of the award, given by the California Community College Chancellor's
Office, must have proven to have active involvement on community college
campuses.

Zariani has served at the helm of the Center for Student Involvement at GCC
since 1994, where he has helped coordinate various programs, including a
mentorship program that has him recruit students to serve as peer mentors to
incoming freshmen.

The center began as a grant-funded program, four years after Zariani became a
permanent employee at the college.

He also advises the Alpha Gamma Sigma Honor Society and serves on the college's
Scholarship Committee as a co-chair, among other activities.

He began working at the college in 1988 answering phones and running errands for
employees in the English department before earning degrees in sociology and
public administration.

He's currently earning his second master's degree in education.

"I just like learning," he said, and students are among his favorite people to
learn from.

"Even to this day, I learn every day from students," he said. "You think you've
seen everything in 24 years, but they change...I'm constantly learning, which is
why I really love being in this position."

He attributes students' success at GCC to the clubs and organizations on campus
where students can thrive and connect to the school outside of the classroom.

Although the campus has about 20,000 students he said, he's hopeful educators
there can do their best to connect with each student individually.

"That's hard with 20,000 students, but we need to create spaces where we do
that. I think the places where we have that, we see a lot of students who are
successful," he said, citing the student government and athletic programs among
others.

"They feel connected to the college, they feel connected to their education," he
said.

Saodat Aziskhanova, president of the classified employee's union, said Zariani's
priority is the students and his role at the college has made him well known in
California and across the country among educators.

"Hoover is somebody who cares about students," she said. "That's a number one
for him -- students... It was well-deserved recognition."

___ (c)2014 the Glendale News-Press (Glendale, Calif.) Visit the Glendale
News-Press (Glendale, Calif.) at www.glendalenewspress.com Distributed by MCT
Information Services

LOAD-DATE: May 21, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20140521-1GL-GCC-employee-wins-statewide-award-0521-20140521

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1GL


                       Copyright 2014 Glendale News-Press


                              910 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            August 29, 2013 Thursday

Washington: USVI Gov. de Jongh: viNGN Network Ready to Begin Service

LENGTH: 692  words

DATELINE: Washington


The Southern Governors' Association has issued the following news release:

Governor John P. de Jongh, Jr. and the Virgin Islands Next Generation Network
(viNGN) Board announced Wednesday that viNGN has connected its first Community
Anchor Institution (CAI) and Public Computer Center (PCC) served from its High
Speed Frederiksted Fiber Access Point (FAP).

At a Board of Directors meeting, Lawrence J. Kupfer, President and CEO of Virgin
Islands Next Generation Network (viNGN), updated board members that the
Community Anchor Institution and Public Computer Center that had been connected
is the Athalie McFarlane Petersen Public Library, and the library's internet
service provider should complete its connection to the viNGN network later this
week.

The viNGN Public Computer Center, which is provided in partnership with the
library, will allow the public to experience firsthand the capabilities of
viNGN's high speed network. viNGN's 100% fiber optic cable network will enable
internet service providers to offer the highest internet speeds available in the
territory.

Kupfer said that "a ribbon cutting ceremony will be held when the remaining
Community Anchor Institutions in Frederiksted have been connected, and the CAI's
and PCC's have obtained service through an internet service provider".

Under the federal government's Broadband Technology Opportunities Program
(BTOP), Community Anchor Institutions include all schools, universities, medical
and health care facilities, public safety entities, community support
organizations and other government facilities. In total, viNGN plans to connect
316 Community Anchor Institutions throughout the territory.

De Jongh said he was pleased that viNGN's network is ready to begin serving
Community Anchor Institutions, as they are a critical component of President
Obama's National Broadband Plan, and he added, "I want to thank the viNGN staff
and its contractors for their hard work over the last few months to make access
to the high speed network a reality".

viNGN's network will continue to expand as it completes Fiber Access Points
around the territory and as the viNGN management team continues to engage in
discussions with local internet service providers who are interested in using
viNGN's high speed fiber optic cable network to service commercial and
residential customers. The fiber optic cables will run along all major roads in
the territory, with local internet service providers able to connect to the
network and sell higher capacity Internet access to their customers on the
retail market at a lower price.

It was also reported that the National Telecommunications and Information
Administration (NTIA) has provided viNGN with the final approvals for the
extension of the territory's Comprehensive Community Infrastructure (CCI) Grant,
which allows the project to carry out all remaining program activities through
to December 31, 2013, with program/grant close-out activities, including the
ability to seek reimbursements for expenditures, extending through March 31,
2014.

Additionally, the NTIA has provided the final approvals for the extension of the
territory's Public Computer Center (PCC) and Sustainable Broadband Adoption
(SBA) Grants, which extend the projects to carry out all remaining program
activities through to September 30, 2014. These extensions will allow viNGN to
continue to offer free Digital Literacy, IT-related, business-related and a wide
range of other training at its Public Computer Centers and online.

The viNGN is a corporate subsidiary of the Virgin Islands Public Finance
Authority (PFA). The PFA is responsible for oversight of the development of the
"middle mile" fiber network and the PCC and SBA programs.

These projects are funded through four grants awarded the territory by the
Broadband Technology Opportunities Program (BTOP) of the U.S. Department of
Commerce's National Telecommunications and Information Administration (NTIA).
Further, the 29th Legislature provided approval for the PFA to issue a $38
million bond towards the required matching contributions in April of 2011.

For more information please visit: http://www.southerngovernors.org

LOAD-DATE: August 30, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              911 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                      Kalgoorlie Miner (Western Australia)

                             March 8, 2008 Saturday
                                    GENERAL

What?s on

SECTION: MINER; Pg. 24

LENGTH: 377  words


Heritage awards

KALGOORLIE-BOULDER is without doubt a heritage-rich town, and nominations are
being sought for the 2008 Western Australian Heritage Awards for those who
contribute to the upkeep of heritage in the community. The three award
categories include those for individuals, organisations and place-specific
conservation.

For more information or for nomination forms, visit
http://www.heritage.wa.gov.au or telephone 9221 4177. Nominations close 5pm
Thursday, April 24. Winners will be announced at the Heritage Council Awards
Ceremony in June.

Community connect

COMMUNITY minded Lotterywest retailers are in the running for the 2008 Community
Connect Awards. There are two categories for the awards; Metropolitan Retailer
and Regional Retailer, with the winners receiving $5000 to donate to the
community organisation of their choice.

Four finalists will also receive $1000 each to support their community group.

To nominate a retailer, all people need to do is describe in 100 words or less
the contribution theyre making to the community.

Nomination forms can be downloaded at www.lotterywest.com.au and are available
through all Lotterywest outlets.

Nominations close on Friday, April 18.

For more information contact 9340 5200 or contact@lotterywest.wa.gov.au

Nominations sought

THE Conservation Council of WA is looking for nominees for the 2008 Conservation
Awards.

The awards were created to recognise and reward Western Australias conservation
heroes who have made positive contributions to the protection of the
environment.

Nominations close on March 19. Winners will be announced at the Conservation
Council of WA Conservation Awards evening at The University Club of WA on April
3. For more information visit www.conservationwa.asn.au or contact Jessie
Cochrane on 9420 7266

Promoting the arts

THE State Government has launched a new grant scheme to promote arts around
Western Australia. Eligible events in the Arts and Cultural Event (ACE) scheme
may include festivals of music, dance, comedy, fashion, visual arts, culinary
arts, heritage, ethnic, multicultural, performing arts, concerts, theatre, opera
and ballet. Applications are open for events held in the 2008-09 financial year
and close on April 1.

More information at http://www.eventscorp.com.au

LOAD-DATE: March 10, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2008 West Australian Newspapers Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              912 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               India Pharma News

                     September 18, 2012 Tuesday 6:30 AM EST

Blue Cross Foundation Awards Connect for Health Challenge Grants

LENGTH: 368  words


New Delhi, Sept. 18 -- The Blue Cross and Blue Shield of Minnesota Foundation
today announced that 22 projects have been funded through the Connect for Health
Challenge.

The projects include: Appetite for Change, Minneapolis; Bridges of Hope,
Brainerd; Check Yo' Self Health & Wellness Program at High School for Recording
Arts, St. Paul; Clean Up the River Environment, Montevideo and Granite Falls;
Cleveland Neighborhood Association, Minneapolis; Community Design Center, St.
Paul; Dispute Resolution Center, St. Paul; East Side Neighborhood Development
Company, St. Paul; Grant Community School Collaborative, Duluth; Growing Up
Healthy in Rice County, Faribault and Northfield; Hope Community, Minneapolis;
Immigrant Law Center of Minnesota, St. Paul; Lifetrack Resources, St. Paul;
Minneapolis Fire Department; Moorhead Parks and Recreation; Northland
Foundation, Duluth; Project for Pride in Living, Minneapolis; Refugee Services,
Minnesota Council of Churches, Minneapolis; United Way of Steele County,
Owatonna; West Side Community Health Services, St. Paul; and Wilderness Inquiry,
Minneapolis.



One grant of $100,000 was awarded to The Family Partnership Minneapolis, for its
Native American Somali Peacemakers project, which was selected in a public vote
through InCommons.org/ConnectforHealth.

"Relationships matter to your health. Strong connections between friends and
neighbors help people to be more involved in their communities, perform better
in school and live longer and happier lives," said Carolyn Link, executive
director of the Foundation.

Proposals were submitted online, and judges from the community were recruited to
select the grantees. Minnesotans cast more than 5,200 votes via text, online,
phone, e-mail and in person. A total of 386 entries were submitted from across
Minnesota. They can be viewed at InCommons.org/ConnectforHealth.

"We are thrilled with the public's engagement in the selection process. The
quantity and quality of applications made for difficult choices, but tell us
that a lot of excellent work is happening around the state to build strong bonds
between neighbors and others in the community. Congratulations to the grantees
and all who participated," said Link.

LOAD-DATE: September 19, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


                           Copyright 2012 Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              913 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          Columbus Telegram (Nebraska)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                          September 12, 2007 Wednesday

Center aims to connect volunteers with tasks

BYLINE: Julie Blum, Columbus Telegram, Neb.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 304 words


Sep. 12--COLUMBUS -- The new Connect Columbus Volunteer Center will open its
doors Monday.

The center will operate out of the Columbus Family Resource Center in an office
shared with Central Community College-Columbus on the main floor.

Director Denise Kollath said the purpose of the center is to provide a
connection between agencies that need volunteers and people who want to
volunteer.

A list of opportunities will be maintained at the center so people interested in
giving their time can check what is available. Volunteer opportunities also will
be published in The Telegram.

The center will be open from 8:30-11:30 a.m. Monday and Wednesday, and 8:30
a.m.-5:30 p.m. Friday.

A Web site is being developed for the center, and anyone with questions may call
562-5462.

Kollath said the first major project of the center will be Nov. 17, which is
National Family Volunteer Day. The day focuses on getting entire families
involved in volunteering, which will be encouraged here.

Connect Columbus, formerly Columbus Collaborative Team, is the parent
organization of the volunteer center. A diverse group of advisers provided input
on getting the center running here.

Columbus was one of 10 cities awarded a grant from the Points of Lights
Foundation, a national organization that promotes volunteering, to establish the
center. United Way of Columbus provided an impact grant to help fund the
center's first year.

To see more of the Columbus Telegram, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.columbustelegram.com. Copyright (c) 2007, Columbus Telegram, Neb.
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: September 13, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20070912-CU-Center-aims-to-connect-volunteers-with-tasks-0912

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: CU


                        Copyright 2007 Columbus Telegram


                              914 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                             The New Zealand Herald

                              May 16, 2016 Monday

$26m cycling network will be tourism Mecca, says Key

SECTION: BUSINESS; General

LENGTH: 467 words


A proposed $26.3 million trail network spanning 536km will create a "Mecca" of
cycle tourism, according to Prime Minister John Key.

In Bannockburn, Central Otago, yesterday, Mr Key announced the Government would
provide $13 million towards the trail, which would combine four existing Otago
rides. The funding is part of a $25 million package for New Zealand"s cycle
trails.

The Central Lakes Trust announced it would provide $11.5 million towards the
project - more than five times its highest grant.

The Otago Community Trust will contribute $2 million.

A new trail will be built from Cromwell to Wanaka and the Queenstown, Clutha
Gold, Roxburgh Gorge and Otago Central Rail Trails will all be connected
together.

A route will be built through the Cromwell Gorge and connect Clyde to Cromwell.

From there another track will connect Cromwell with the Queenstown Trail in the
Kawarau Gorge.

The project will also involve restoring the old Alexandra Bridge. It was
deconstructed in 1958 but the piers still lie next to the current bridge.

Mr Key said there was "no question" the four rides were already internationally
some of the greatest in the world.

"This is just going to make them absolutely the Mecca for anyone who wants to go
cycling." Cycle trails across the country attracted "high-value" visitors, and
convinced them to stay longer, he said.

Central Lakes Trust chief executive Paul Allison said the trail would be a "game
changer" for Otago. "It"s a very inspirational project that will do a lot for
our region."

The trust was in a "good financial position", he said.

"I need to give the community some confidence and some reassurance that this
will not impact negatively or disadvantage any future projects. We have got
reserves totalling more than that and our budget and grants process for the next
few years will not change."

Otago Community Trust chairman Ross McRobie said it would provide employment
opportunities and "ensure the sustained growth of regional towns".

Trail Network Steering Group chairman Stephen Jeffery said many consents would
be needed from various councils. Different groups would likely take
responsibility for different parts of the trail network.

Central Otago Mayor Tony Lepper said the project was "huge" for the region.

"It"s another way of funneling visitors from Queenstown to us.

"Cromwell especially hit the jackpot." The Alexandra Bridge project was also a
great spinoff of the new trail, he said.

Central Otago Rail Trail Charitable Trust chairwoman Kate Wilson said "my hope
is that it will bring skiers over from Queenstown in the winter, which is
fantastic."

Upper Clutha Tracks Trust chairman Grant Fyfe said there would be "land owner
issues" creating the Wanaka leg of the trail.

"But it will happen. We"re very excited." The project is expected to take five
years.

LOAD-DATE: May 15, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2016 The New Zealand Herald
                              All Rights Reserved


                              915 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                         Cape Gazette (Lewes, Delaware)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                August 27, 2013

Easter Seals receives $40K grant from Bank of America

BYLINE: Cape Gazette staff

LENGTH: 334  words


Easter Seals Delaware and Maryland's Eastern Shore is the recipient of a Bank of
America grant to support employment for people with intellectual and/or
developmental disabilities such as autism spectrum disorder or Down syndrome.

"Supporting nonprofit organizations that connect people to jobs and skills is
part of our efforts to help improve the financial lives of individuals and
customers in the communities we serve," said Chip Rossi, Delaware market
president for Bank of America.

"A trained workforce ensures we remain competitive in an increasingly complex
and competitive global economy and strengthens the economic health of Delaware."

The employment rate for people with intellectual disabilities age 16 to 64 years
in Delaware is 38 percent, or more than 17,000 individuals. Easter Seals works
with more than 45 employers statewide to provide training and support for
individuals with disabilities. Easter Seals offers group employment
opportunities for approximately 190 individuals, and also supports 88
individuals in competitive jobs in the community.

Bank of America's commitment to corporate social responsibility is a strategic
part of doing business globally. Its CSR efforts guide how it operates in a
socially, economically, financially and environmentally responsible way around
the world to deliver for shareholders, customers, clients and employees. As part
of these efforts, employee volunteers across the company contribute their time,
passion and expertise to address issues in communities where they live and work.
Learn more at www.bankofamerica.com/about and follow on Twitter at @BofA_
Community.

To learn more about how

Easter Seals helps children and adults with disabilities, call 1-800-677-3800 or
go to de.easterseals. com.

"SUPPORTING NONPROFIT ORGANIZATIONS THAT CONNECT PEOPLE TO JOBS AND SKILLS IS
PART OF OUR EFFORTS TO HELP IMPROVE THE FINANCIAL LIVES OF INDIVIDUALS AND
CUSTOMERS IN THE COMMUNITIES WE SERVE."

- CHIP ROSSI, DELAWARE MARKET PRESIDENT FOR BANK OF AMERICA

LOAD-DATE: July 11, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Accomplishment

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: CPG

                      Copyright 2013 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                          Copyright 2013 Cape Gazette


                              916 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                         Cape Gazette (Lewes, Delaware)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                August 27, 2013

Easter Seals receives $40K grant from Bank of America

BYLINE: Cape Gazette staff

LENGTH: 334  words


Easter Seals Delaware and Maryland's Eastern Shore is the recipient of a Bank of
America grant to support employment for people with intellectual and/or
developmental disabilities such as autism spectrum disorder or Down syndrome.

"Supporting nonprofit organizations that connect people to jobs and skills is
part of our efforts to help improve the financial lives of individuals and
customers in the communities we serve," said Chip Rossi, Delaware market
president for Bank of America.

"A trained workforce ensures we remain competitive in an increasingly complex
and competitive global economy and strengthens the economic health of Delaware."

The employment rate for people with intellectual disabilities age 16 to 64 years
in Delaware is 38 percent, or more than 17,000 individuals. Easter Seals works
with more than 45 employers statewide to provide training and support for
individuals with disabilities. Easter Seals offers group employment
opportunities for approximately 190 individuals, and also supports 88
individuals in competitive jobs in the community.

Bank of America's commitment to corporate social responsibility is a strategic
part of doing business globally. Its CSR efforts guide how it operates in a
socially, economically, financially and environmentally responsible way around
the world to deliver for shareholders, customers, clients and employees. As part
of these efforts, employee volunteers across the company contribute their time,
passion and expertise to address issues in communities where they live and work.
Learn more at www.bankofamerica.com/about and follow on Twitter at @BofA_
Community.

To learn more about how Easter Seals helps children and adults with
disabilities, call 1-800-677-3800 or go to de.easterseals. com.

"SUPPORTING NONPROFIT ORGANIZATIONS THAT CONNECT PEOPLE TO JOBS AND SKILLS IS
PART OF OUR EFFORTS TO HELP IMPROVE THE FINANCIAL LIVES OF INDIVIDUALS AND
CUSTOMERS IN THE COMMUNITIES WE SERVE."

-CHIP ROSSI, DELAWARE MARKET PRESIDENT FOR BANK OF AMERICA

LOAD-DATE: October 9, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Accomplishment

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: CPG

                      Copyright 2013 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                          Copyright 2013 Cape Gazette


                              917 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                           Bangor Daily News (Maine)

                             August 16, 2015 Sunday

Fort officials plan survey to bolster Net expansion

LENGTH: 721 words

DATELINE: FORT FAIRFIELD


- Fort Fairfield officials are taking steps to expand Internet connectivity, and
they are asking residents to help by providing some information. A survey is
available online, and town staff will gather information in person next week in
the hopes of obtaining grant funds.


"If we are to compete both locally, nationally and internationally, we have to
invest in our Internet infrastructure," explained Tim Goff, marketing and
economic director for the town of Fort Fairfield. "It may not seem like a
necessity to some, but a lack of access to high-speed Internet has impacts on
our ability to attract new business development and retain young people who
demand connectivity at ever-increasing speed to work and play."


After spending a tremendous amount of time studying the different approaches and
opportunities available to improve internet access in Fort Fairfield, town staff
have determined that forging private/public partnerships and seeking grants to
help cover some of the costs will be the best, most cost-effective and
expeditious solution to the problem, Goff said.


When the Internet first came into existence, he continued, it promised to
connect people from across the globe; however, the ability for all people to
connect from everywhere has proven difficult. Traditional infrastructure has
proven insufficient to handle the vast amounts of megabits traveling through
wires and conduits. Fiber optic cables, with nearly unlimited capacity to send
information at the speed of light, are expensive to install and maintain. This
reality has left many rural communities in the dark, with slow to no Internet
access in some surprisingly well-populated areas.


Goff described Fort Fairfield as one of those places and said it is not unusual
to see people sitting in their cars or trucks outside of the town library so
they can use the Wi-Fi to check their email. He estimated 60 percent of the town
is unserved or underserved by broadband internet service.


In order to determine the wants and needs of residents, and provide important
potential customer data for companies interested in investing in the town's
infrastructure, the town will conduct a survey of residents.


"One of the most important steps for us to take as we begin this process is to
query our residents about their current internet access and usage, determine
their interest in high-speed Internet service and develop our story to spotlight
the competitive disadvantages, lost economic opportunities and other challenges
that we face without this crucial investment in our community," stated Goff.
"This information will play a critical role in explaining who we are, what the
need is and why this issue is so important to us."


To gather the necessary information, officials have crafted an Internet access
survey that they encourage all residents to participate in. All answers will be
kept confidential. The responses gathered will be used to help craft grant
proposals and provide data to companies interested in investing in Fort
Fairfield. The survey is located on the Town's website, www.fortfairfield.org.
It can also be completed in person at the Town Office during regular business
hours.


In addition, town staff plan to do door-to-door survey work during the week of
Aug. 24-28 in select neighborhoods to solicit the data in person. These
neighborhoods are part of a grant proposal the town has been working on in
partnership with Pioneer Broadband over the past year, said Goff.


The neighborhoods are as follows: Presque Isle Road from the Nordic Heritage
Center to Houlton Road; Houlton Road from the intersection with Presque Isle
Road to the intersection with Conant Road; Riverside Avenue; North Caribou,
Strickland, Murphy, West Limestone, Limestone, Center Limestone, McCrea, Turner,
McNamee, Russell and Old East Limestone roads; and Terrace and McGillan drives.


"The goal is to bolster our case and win funding for a project that targets
unserved and underserved portions of our community and bring improved access to
them as part of this ongoing effort," added Goff. "I am confident that this
important step will help position our community favorably for future projects as
we compete for the limited amount of money set aside forIinternet access
improvement grants."


For more information, contact Goff at 472-3802 or tgoff@fortfairfield.org

LOAD-DATE: August 17, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2015 Bangor Daily News


                              918 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                           Bangor Daily News (Maine)

                             August 16, 2015 Sunday

Fort officials plan survey to bolster Net expansion

LENGTH: 721 words

DATELINE: FORT FAIRFIELD


- Fort Fairfield officials are taking steps to expand Internet connectivity, and
they are asking residents to help by providing some information. A survey is
available online, and town staff will gather information in person next week in
the hopes of obtaining grant funds.


"If we are to compete both locally, nationally and internationally, we have to
invest in our Internet infrastructure," explained Tim Goff, marketing and
economic director for the town of Fort Fairfield. "It may not seem like a
necessity to some, but a lack of access to high-speed Internet has impacts on
our ability to attract new business development and retain young people who
demand connectivity at ever-increasing speed to work and play."


After spending a tremendous amount of time studying the different approaches and
opportunities available to improve internet access in Fort Fairfield, town staff
have determined that forging private/public partnerships and seeking grants to
help cover some of the costs will be the best, most cost-effective and
expeditious solution to the problem, Goff said.


When the Internet first came into existence, he continued, it promised to
connect people from across the globe; however, the ability for all people to
connect from everywhere has proven difficult. Traditional infrastructure has
proven insufficient to handle the vast amounts of megabits traveling through
wires and conduits. Fiber optic cables, with nearly unlimited capacity to send
information at the speed of light, are expensive to install and maintain. This
reality has left many rural communities in the dark, with slow to no Internet
access in some surprisingly well-populated areas.


Goff described Fort Fairfield as one of those places and said it is not unusual
to see people sitting in their cars or trucks outside of the town library so
they can use the Wi-Fi to check their email. He estimated 60 percent of the town
is unserved or underserved by broadband internet service.


In order to determine the wants and needs of residents, and provide important
potential customer data for companies interested in investing in the town's
infrastructure, the town will conduct a survey of residents.


"One of the most important steps for us to take as we begin this process is to
query our residents about their current internet access and usage, determine
their interest in high-speed Internet service and develop our story to spotlight
the competitive disadvantages, lost economic opportunities and other challenges
that we face without this crucial investment in our community," stated Goff.
"This information will play a critical role in explaining who we are, what the
need is and why this issue is so important to us."


To gather the necessary information, officials have crafted an Internet access
survey that they encourage all residents to participate in. All answers will be
kept confidential. The responses gathered will be used to help craft grant
proposals and provide data to companies interested in investing in Fort
Fairfield. The survey is located on the Town's website, www.fortfairfield.org.
It can also be completed in person at the Town Office during regular business
hours.


In addition, town staff plan to do door-to-door survey work during the week of
Aug. 24-28 in select neighborhoods to solicit the data in person. These
neighborhoods are part of a grant proposal the town has been working on in
partnership with Pioneer Broadband over the past year, said Goff.


The neighborhoods are as follows: Presque Isle Road from the Nordic Heritage
Center to Houlton Road; Houlton Road from the intersection with Presque Isle
Road to the intersection with Conant Road; Riverside Avenue; North Caribou,
Strickland, Murphy, West Limestone, Limestone, Center Limestone, McCrea, Turner,
McNamee, Russell and Old East Limestone roads; and Terrace and McGillan drives.


"The goal is to bolster our case and win funding for a project that targets
unserved and underserved portions of our community and bring improved access to
them as part of this ongoing effort," added Goff. "I am confident that this
important step will help position our community favorably for future projects as
we compete for the limited amount of money set aside forIinternet access
improvement grants."


For more information, contact Goff at 472-3802 or tgoff@fortfairfield.org

LOAD-DATE: August 17, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2015 Bangor Daily News


                              919 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                    Prince George Citizen (British Columbia)

                          September 29, 2016 Thursday
                                 Final Edition

Kids charge devices using pedal power

BYLINE: Christine Hinzmann, The Citizen

SECTION: LOCAL; Pg. A5

LENGTH: 459 words


To help kids understand the importance of sustainable energy, the Recycling
Environmental Action Planning Society (REAPS) has been awarded a grant to put
those young feet on bike pedals.

The Prince George Community Foundation awarded a $2,116 grant to REAPS, in
partnership with the Connecting Communities Association, the local organization
that has developed a sustainability education program, so it could purchase a
child-size electricitygenerating bike to teach students and members of the
public the importance of how to generate energy by using people power. The bike
is designed to charge small electronics like cell phones, tablets and laptops.

The idea is to help youth understand how electricity can be generated, how it
can be conserved, and how they can use their own energy to produce it.

"I wanted to target really young children who I see playing on smart phones and
tablets, which is something quite new in society and to me it just seems a
little bit strange for such young kids to be on these things and spending so
much time on them," said Jody Holmes, founder of the Connecting Communities
Association and environmental educator.

"So the idea was if they wanted to play on their smart phone or tablet they
could actually use this electricity-generating bicycle to charge their devices
so if they want to use them they have to do some physical activity first."

Holmes understands most young children don't understand where electricity comes
from, so demonstrating the energy-generating bike will be an eye opener for
them, he added.

"So it's a combination of teaching them about renewal energy like solar, wind
and geothermal and comparing that with the conventional large-scale hydro
power," said Holmes.

"So I want to teach children about renewable energies and with this bike they
can create electricity themselves by using their own physical energy."

The bike has an inverter connected to a watt meter that has a digital display so
children can see what kind of power they are generating with their physical

efforts, added Holmes. The watt meter has a regular electrical plug attached
that can be connected to an outlet that allows the energy the person is creating
to go back into the grid.

Instead of taking energy, the person is giving it back.

"So the children will learn a combination of ideas like learning about renewable
energies, encouraging physical

activity by using the bicycle and also contributing to providing electricity,
for example, to keep the lights on in the classroom or the computer that's used
to run the projector for the power point presentation I will be using while
teaching the program and that kind of thing." For more information email Holmes
at info@connect-communities.org or visit www.connect-communities.org.

LOAD-DATE: September 29, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Handout Photo; Sateva McCabe, 6, demonstrates how an
electricity-generating bike can recharge electronic devices in an undated
handout photo.;

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2016 Prince George Citizen
                              All Rights Reserved


                              920 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                         Athens Banner-Herald (Georgia)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            December 4, 2007 Tuesday

Watkinsville, Ga., slated for streetscape improvements

BYLINE: Benjamin Price, Athens Banner-Herald, Ga.

SECTION: BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL NEWS

LENGTH: 847 words


Dec. 4--More sidewalks and old-fashioned streetlights are headed for downtown
Watkinsville, thanks to an early Christmas gift from the federal government.

A $442,000 grant to streetscape the city is one of several federal
Transportation Enhancement grants awarded to area projects in Northeast Georgia,
a spokesman for the state Department of Transportation said Monday.

Other grant projects include a pedestrian bridge to connect the University of
Georgia campus to the North Oconee River Greenway and a Union Point welcome
center in a vacant gas station that will be renovated.

The grants are funded with federal highway dollars managed by the DOT and can be
used for walking and biking trails, streetscaping, scenic byways, historic
preservation and landscaping projects in cities and towns.

Local governments have to match 20 percent of the total funding, and this year
more than $54.6 million in grants was handed out statewide.

Watkinsville used one of the grants last year to complete a similar streetscape
project that added antique-style streetlights and sidewalks in the downtown area
along Main Street, Mayor Jim Luken said.

This year's funding means city officials will be able to complete some remaining
work on that project, Luken said, and add sidewalks and lighting east of Main
Street on School and Third streets to the Oconee Cultural Arts Foundation
buildings.

"The lighting that came into the first streetscape project was a terrific
addition to downtown," Luken said. "This will let us finish the project and
extend it."

This year's funds also will pay to convert a ballpark behind the Eagle Tavern
into a lighted multipurpose park and add sidewalks southeast of downtown on
Georgia Highway 15.

The new phase of the project is expected to be completed in about two years,
Luken said.

News that UGA would receive a $440,000 grant for a pedestrian bridge over the
North Oconee River was welcomed Monday by both university officials and
supporters of the North Oconee River Greenway project.

The money will allow UGA to build a pedestrian bridge across the river that will
connect East Campus Village to a planned extension to the North Oconee Greenway
Trail, said Kevin Kirsche, UGA assistant director of planning.

The bridge will be located just south of the UGA School of Music building in
East Campus Village and will connect to vacant land owned by UGA north of the
Athens Perimeter. That vacant property is part of Athens-Clarke County's
proposed greenway extension that will parallel the river from College Station
Road north to Oak Street.

The work will create a new foot and bike trail from College Station Road and
East Campus village all the way to Dudley Park and the outskirts of downtown,
Athens-Clarke greenway coordinator Mike Wharton said. From there, the greenway
goes north to Sandy Creek Nature Center and, via Cook's Trail, to Sandy Creek
Park.

"It's extremely exciting news," Wharton said about UGA's grant. "Once completed,
[both projects] will create an opportunity for large population centers to get
out of their cars and access the East Campus and business areas by walking,
biking or rollerblading."

The projects are expected to be completed in two to three years, Wharton said.

Another project receiving funding Monday is a $238,000 grant to convert an empty
gas station in Union Point into a welcome center.

The 1960s-era gas station is located about a block from downtown on U.S. Highway
278, and will be converted into a welcome center and office for the city's
better hometown coordinator, according to Burke Walker of Northeast Georgia
Regional Development Council, who helped prepare Union Point's grant
application.

City officials hope the welcome center will help draw visitors downtown and
offer a place for community events like farmer's markets, banquets and town hall
meetings, Walker said.

GRANT GOODIES:

Federal Transportation Enhancement grants distributed Monday to communities in
the 10th Congressional District will go for things such as the North Oconee
River Greenway and the Watkinsville streetscape. Selected grants include:

--$440,000 for a bridge over the North Oconee River to link the North Oconee
River Greenway with the University of Georgia River Trail.

--$442,000 for the Watkinsville streetscape, including new sidewalks and
decorative lighting east down School and Third Streets toward the Oconee
Cultural Arts Foundation.

--$500,000 to renovate Elberton's Rock Gym/Armory, which is being converted to a
regional conference and welcome center.

--$238,880 to convert a 1962 gas station into a welcome center in Union Point.

--$500,000 for a streetscape project on Georgia Highway 53 through downtown
Braselton.

To see more of the Athens Banner-Herald, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.onlineathens.com. Copyright (c) 2007, Athens Banner-Herald, Ga.
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: December 6, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20071204-AH-STREETSCAPE-20071204

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: AH


                      Copyright 2007 Athens Banner-Herald


                              921 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                      Independent Record (Helena, Montana)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                             April 11, 2016 Monday

Grant could help cut cost to install utilities on westside

BYLINE: Al Knauber, Independent Record, Helena, Mont.

SECTION: NATIONAL POLITICAL NEWS

LENGTH: 370 words


April 11--A meeting is planned Wednesday as part of the process for the city of
Helena to seek a grant to help fund an extension of utility mains to areas on
the city's Westside.

The grant, if the city's application is successful, would also help reduce the
cost to property owners who connect to city water and sewer service.

The 6 p.m. public hearing at C. R. Anderson Middle School, 1200 Knight St., is
part of the process to seek Treasure State Endowment Program funds, said Sharon
Haugen, the city community development department director.

The application for $750,000 will go toward the roughly $2.8 million cost for
the work in areas outside of the city limits in phases one and two of land
intended for annexation, Haugen said.

According to information provided by Haugen, the grant would help reduce the
cost for sewer service installation to 253 households and benefit 540 people.

Four areas just outside of the city limits are proposed for annexation and
residents in an area surrounded by the city -- generally east of Joslyn Street
and irregularly shaped on the other sides -- are in the area referred to as
phase one.

The city commission is scheduled to consider submission of the grant when it
meets on April 25, on the third floor of the City-County Building, as well as
possibly act on annexation of the land within phase one, Haugen said.

Commissioners were set to move forward with the annexation a year ago but
delayed after many of those who live in the area of lands to be annexed asked
for additional time to seek funds to offset the cost to install water and sewer
mains.

Property owners said the projected costs to connect to city water and sewer
would be prohibitive for them.

The cost to connect to city water and sewer service is based on the square
footage of a homeowner's property and a typical connection cost would be about
$32,000, according to city estimates from early in 2015.

City officials have also said that cost could change based on more accurate
figures if the project goes to bid.

Al Knauber can be reached at al.knauber@helenair.com

___ (c)2016 Independent Record (Helena, Mont.) Visit the Independent Record
(Helena, Mont.) at www.helenair.com Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: April 11, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20160411-HE-Grant
-could-help-cut-cost-to-install-utilities-on-westside-20160411

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: HE


                       Copyright 2016 Independent Record


                              922 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                           Tyler Tribute (Minnesota)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                               February 27, 2013

USDA 2014 Farm to School grants available

BYLINE: The Aberdeen Times staff

LENGTH: 538  words


Agriculture Deputy Secretary Kathleen Merrigan today announced the release of a
request for applications (RFA) for the latest round of USDA's Farm to School
grants. These grants help eligible schools improve the health and well-being of
their students and connect with local agricultural producers.

"USDA's Farm to School grants connect schools with their local farmers, ranchers
and food businesses, providing new economic opportunities to food producers and
bringing healthy, local offerings into school cafeterias," said Merrigan. "USDA
continues to make improvements to the nutrition of food offered in schools, and
investing in farm to school programs is yet another important opportunity to
encourage our nation's kids to make lifelong healthy eating choices."

This year, three different kinds of grants will be available. Planning grants
are intended for schools just getting started on farm to school activities,
while implementation grants are available for schools seeking to augment or
expanexisting efforts. Additionally, eligible non-profit entities, Indian tribal
organizations, state and local agencies and agriculture producers or groups of
producers may apply for support service grants in order to conduct trainings,
create complementary curriculum or further develop supply chains, among other
activities. Proposals are due at midnight EST, April 24.

To assist eligible entities in preparing proposals, USDA will host a series of
webinars related to the application process:

March 5, 1 p.m. EST, Planning Grants March 6, 1 p.m. EST, Implementation Grants
March 7, 1 p.m. EST, Support Service Grants The Farm to School Grant Program is
part of the Healthy, Hunger-Free Kids Act, which authorized and funded USDA to
assist eligible entities, through grants and technical assistance, in
implementing farm to school programs that improve access to local foods in
eligible schools. The act provides $5 million annually to support grants,
technical assistance and the federal administrative costs related to USDA's Farm
to School Program. In this funding cycle, USDA anticipates awarding up to $5
million in grants.

Healthier school meals are a key component of the Healthy, Hunger-Free Kids Act,
which was championed by the First Lady as part or her Let's Move! campaign and
signed into law by President Obama. The new meal requirements are raising
standards for the first time in more than 15 years and improving the health and
nutrition of nearly 32 million kids who participate in school meal programs
every school day.

Farm to School is one component of USDA's Know Your Farmer, Know Your Food (KYF)
initiative, launched in 2009 to coordinate the Department's work on local and
regional food systems and create new opportunities for farmers, ranchers,
consumers and rural communities. An interactive view of USDA programs that
support local and regional foods, including farm to school and farm to
institution, is available in the Know Your Farmer, Know Your Food Compass. The
KYF Compass consists of an interactive map of USDA-supported local and regional
food projects and an accompanying guide to programs and results. In October
2012, the map was expanded and now includes projects from nine other federal
agencies.

LOAD-DATE: November 7, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Local Government

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: TYL

                      Copyright 2013 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                          Copyright 2013 Tyler Tribute


                              923 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                            The Times of India (TOI)

                             May 22, 2014 Thursday

Calcutta University lessons on India for US students

BYLINE: Kounteya Sinha

SECTION: KOLKATA

LENGTH: 467 words


Edinburgh (Scotland): The University of Calcutta is all set to give American
students a crash course on the might of ancient and modern India - from its
culture, heritage and languages to economy and foreign policy, dating a few
hundred years to the present.

The University has become among the first in India to receive a fat grant from
the University Grants Commission (UGC) to launch the 'Connect India Program'.
The program was announced during the US-India Higher Education Dialogue held in
June 2012. It envisages placement of 200 US students at Indian education
institutions for a semester of study.

Their course of study will be integrated with other activities, including
exposure to Indian culture and economy, service-learning with corporate entities
and interaction with political representatives.

In an exclusive interview to TOI, CU vice-chancellor Suranjan Das said: "In the
beginning of May, we received Rs 75 lakh under the Connect India Program. We
will receive another Rs 25 lakh. I intend to launch the programme during the
October-November Puja holidays."

Das, who was invited as a special guest to the inauguration of the Edinburgh
India Institute, told TOI that CU was among the only five Indian universities -
the others being JNU, Delhi, Mysore and Hyderabad - which have been cleared by
the UGC to start the connect India Program.

The period of course will be about 4-6 weeks. In all, around 200 Indian students
will visit annually.

"This crash course is basically meant for American students studying in India.
It will help them understand ancient and contemporary India. The course will
include subjects ranging from politics and diplomacy to economics and society.
Also, in our university, we have a very strong languages department. I intend to
also include learning an Indian language under the programme. We will also
organize local community visits and heritage trail walks," Das told TOI.

He added: "We need to hold these courses during the vacation months so that our
teaching staff has time to spare. We intend to start the programme this October
during the Puja holidays or else, next May during the summer vacations. Each
university will have about three dozen students."

The US and India share strong links and a history of collaboration in the field
of higher education. The US is among the top favoured destination for Indian
students, with more than 100,000 of them pursuing higher studies there.

In response to strong interest among academic communities in both countries,
India and the US convened a highly successful US-India Higher Education Summit
in Washington DC in October 2011 that ultimately led to the establishment of an
annual bilateral Higher Education Dialogue. Of this was born the idea to have
the Connect India Program.

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: May 21, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2014 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              924 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       Daily Gazette (Sterling, Illinois)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             June 22, 2013 Saturday

Local entities have iFiber, await Internet hookup

BYLINE: Bridget Flynn, Daily Gazette, Sterling, Ill.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 973 words


June 22--STERLING -- Traffic has not yet started on the region's new information
highway, even though much of it has been paved.

The iFiber project, expected to increase Internet speeds for participants and
help the region attract and retain businesses, is nearing completion. Some local
agencies have fiber laid and are waiting for Internet service to start up.

The $69 million project is coordinated by the nonprofit Illinois Fiber Resources
Group. iFiber is a collaboration of representatives from Northern Illinois
University, LaSalle County, North Central Illinois Council of Governments, the
city of Rockford, Boone County and Blackhawk Hills Regional Council.

iFiber will connect schools, municipalities, libraries, community colleges and
public safety and health care agencies.

A 3-year grant administered by NIU is funding the project, which started in
September 2010.

About 580 miles of fiber duct conduit have been installed, and 530 miles of
fiber optics have been put into them, iFiber spokeswoman Kathy Siebrasse said.
When the project is done, 900 miles will be laid.

In Lee County, 46 miles of fiber optics have been laid, and 80 miles have been
laid in Whiteside County.

The project has created 378 jobs since it began, primarily construction-related,
with some engineering and administration jobs.

The project is expected to be complete in September.

Maintenance fees will vary from $1,200 to $7,200 a year, based on the size of
the organization.

Here are updates on which local cities and schools have hooked up:

Rock Falls

Lawyers for iFiber and the city of Rock Falls are finalizing a contract in which
iFiber would lease dark fiber -- fiber that is not being used -- from the city,
Electric Department Superintendent Dick Simon said.

The city will install a 4.3-mile cable from the hydroelectric plant at
Sinnissippi Dam to Days Inn Hotel, 2105 First Ave., to I-88, Simon said. After
the connection is up and running, various agencies and companies can hook up,
Simon said.

The amount iFiber will pay for the lease is undetermined, but "there will be
some type of agreement reached," Simon said. "iFiber hopes so and so do we."

Dixon

Former Dixon Engineer Shawn Ortgiesen, who resigned April 16, was trying to get
the city hooked up, but Dixon is not currently negotiating with iFiber, Mayor
Jim Burke said. The city might connect, depending on the cost and its benefits
to the city, he said.

Sterling

The city has fiber laid for the connection, but does not have service yet, and
has no timeline for the connection, City Manager Scott Shumard said.

The city will pay $600 a month for a feed to the Coliseum, where most city
offices are. The city also will have feeds to two fire department buildings, the
public works building, and the wastewater treatment plant. Each will cost $100 a
month.

Sauk Valley Community College

The college is not connected yet, but hopes to know in August when it will be,
Academic Vice President Alan Pfeifer said.

The required fiber has been laid, but the needed electronic devices for the
hookup are not there yet, he said.

The college, which has bandwidth of 22 MBps, will increase its bandwidth by 20
to 25 percent, Pfeifer said.

The college will pay about $7,000 a year in maintenance fees, Pfeifer said. The
college currently leases a Comcast fiber for about $40,000 a year to be
connected to Illinois Century Network, so the iFiber agreement will mean a
savings of $33,000 a year, most of which the college will use to buy more
bandwidth, Pfeifer said.

East Coloma School District

East Coloma School District would like to connect to iFiber, and reached an
agreement with the organization in which the school would receive the same level
of service as other local entities, Superintendent Kevin Andersen said.

But Andersen said he is not certain the school will be able to hook up as the
city of Rock Falls negotiates with the group.

Sterling Public Schools

Sterling Public Schools are hooking up. The fiber has been laid to connect all
of the schools, and this week the district will be able to connect to the
Internet with the fibers, Director of Technology Jeff Hippen said

The district will pay $300 a month for each building's maintenance fees, but
those payments are going to be 60 to 70 percent covered with a grant from the
Schools and Libraries Program of the Universal Service Fund, also known as
E-rate. The Universal Service Administrative Co. administers E-rate under the
direction of the Federal Communications Commission.

The district will probably increase bandwidth from 50 to 100 or 200 MBps, Hippen
said.

The connection will allow the district to consolidate its three servers -- where
information is stored and shared -- at Washington, Lincoln and Franklin
elementary schools, which will save the district money, he said. The Internet
service will be 10 to 15 times faster, which will come in handy when more online
student testing comes down the pike, he said.

"It's very cool," Hippen said. "It's like having instant information, files
video, right at your fingertips instantly, all the time."

Dixon Public School District

Dixon Public School District will soon to be connected. All five school
buildings have the fiber laid, capable of up to 10 GB, Technology Director
Charles Kinsella said. The central office building was not included in the
iFiber grant, so the district is using a wireless connection from that building
to Reagan Middle School to connect it with the rest of the district.

The cost for connecting the five schools will be $3,000 a month. The district
will have bandwidth of 33 MBps. The district currently runs a fiber line to its
Internet source at the college, which offers 8 MBps. The additional cost will be
$180 a month.

___ (c)2013 the Daily Gazette (Sterling, Ill.) Visit the Daily Gazette
(Sterling, Ill.) at www.saukvalley.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: June 23, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20130622-YG-Local-entities-have-iFiber-await-Internet-hookup-0622-20130622

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: YG


                          Copyright 2013 Daily Gazette


                              925 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                        The Daily Record (Baltimore, MD)

                            December 2, 2014 Tuesday

CCBC unveils major upgrades to Cybersecurity Institute

BYLINE: Alissa Gulin

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 620  words


The cybersecurity program at the Community College of Baltimore County has been
growing steadily over the past few years, and school officials said a recent
$2.5 million grant all but ensures that growth will be sustained.

CCBC's rebranded, refurbished and expanded Cybersecurity Institute is being
unveiled Wednesday on the Essex campus. The expansion, which was made possible
by a U.S. Department of Labor grant, brings additional classroom space, upgraded
equipment and enhanced infrastructure to the cybersecurity program.

CCBC's cybersecurity program began in 2006, and in 2010 the school launched the
Institute for Cyber Security, which was rebranded along with this expansion
project.

"We were able to add a lot of new features and redo pretty much everything,"
said Ron Hinkel, director of the Cybersecurity Institute. "The grant money gave
us the opportunity to get some of the newest and latest network security devices
out there for students to work with. "

The institute is on the Essex campus, although some equipment is on the
Catonsville campus. But students don't have to be physically present in either
location to benefit from the new technology.

Students will be able to remotely access the network from their personal
computer anywhere with a decent Internet connection, said Noell Damron, chair of
the cybersecurity program. Thanks to "virtual desktop infrastructure," he said,
students can connect to the servers housed in Catonsville and Essex and do their
lab work from home on their own time.

That's valuable because cybersecurity students need to learn to use multiple
kinds of technologies, which they probably don't have at home. But many CCBC
students are nontraditional -- they do their assignments at night or over the
weekend.

By connecting remotely to the Cybersecurity Institute's servers, students can
access those technologies whenever they need or want to, Hinkel said.

For example, let's say a student is taking an online course about the Linux
operating system. The individual can remotely connect to CCBC's server from a
personal computer running a different operating system, such as Windows, and
still be able to work with Linux.

"It gives you all the information you'd need, just as if you were sitting in
front of a different computer that was running Linux," Hinkel said. "So you're
very hands-on. "

Cybersecurity is one of CCBC's fastest growing programs, officials said. About
140 to 150 students entered the program in 2006, Damron said. Last year, more
than 300 students entered.

CCBC plans to continue expanding the Cybersecurity Institute over the next few
years. About $200,000 of the $2.5 million grant is left over for future
equipment upgrades, Hinkel said, although he acknowledged such a sum "doesn't go
real far. "

The grant was awarded through the federal Trade Adjustment Assistance Community
College and Career Training program. That initiative aims to increase education
and career opportunities for people who lost their jobs due to foreign trade or
jobs moving overseas.

For example, former employees of RG Steel were deemed eligible for the Trade
Adjustment Assistance program when the company closed its doors a few years ago.

Hinkel said people eligible for that program are among those targeted by CCBC's
expanded cybersecurity offerings, as well as veterans and underemployed
individuals.

"It helps employees who lost their jobs through no fault of their own come to
CCBC and with a very short turnaround, two years or less, obtain not only a
degree, but industry certifications that are important to (employers]," Hinkel
said.

http://www.mddailyrecord.com/be-the-first-to-know/ Click here for more from this
resource.

© 2014 Dolan Media Newswires. All Rights Reserved.

LOAD-DATE: December 8, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: General news

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2014 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved


                              926 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                              July 25, 2016 Monday

Washington: Collins, King Announce More Than $1.6 Million in Funding to Expand
Access to Rural Broadband & Invest in Telemedicine Innovation in Maine

LENGTH: 484  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: Office of the Senator Angus King has issued the following news
release:



 U.S. Senators Susan Collins and Angus King today announced that the U.S.
Department of Agriculture has awarded a total of $1,644,596 in grant funding to
four Maine school districts and a rural health care provider through the
Distance Learning and Telemedicine Loan and Grant program. The funding will help
connect rural communities with medical and educational experts in other parts of
the country, increasing access to health care, substance misuse treatment and
advanced educational opportunities.





 "Broadband and telehealth technologies have become critical tools for rural
communities, helping connect students with teachers and patients with doctors,"
Senators Collins and King said in a joint statement. "This funding will support
rural Mainers in their efforts to bridge the digital divide and actively
interact with experts and resources across the country."



 The award amounts and recipients are as follows:



     Maine Regional School Unit 13 will be awarded $327,466 to purchase
video-telepresence equipment to enable real-time distance learning among
Regional School Unit #13, the Chewonki Foundation, the Center for Maine
Contemporary Art, the Catawba Indian Nation, the Monhegan Island School and AOS
93 to provide rural students, educators and adult learners with access to
science, technology, engineering, art and math classes.



     Maine Regional School Unit 87/Maine School Administrative District 23 will
be awarded $312,744 to purchase video-telepresence equipment.



     Maine Regional School Unit 80/Maine School Administrative District 4 will
be awarded $239,235 to establish a distance learning network connecting
instructors at the Maine Tri-County Technology Center to students in 10 rural
schools in Maine; three rural schools in New Hampshire; and one end user site in
the Indian Township of Passamaquoddy, Maine.



     Maine Regional School Unit 33/Maine School Administrative District 33 will
be awarded $366,459 to purchase video-telepresence equipment that will enable
real-time distance learning activities between schools in Maine School
Administrative District #33 (MSAD #33) and its partners.



     MaineHealth will be awarded $398,692 to install tele-health
videoconferencing carts at six rural medical clinics. Three tele-health
videoconferencing carts will be provided to three home health agency sites.



 The Distance Learning and Telemedicine Loan and Grant program provides funding
to rural hospitals, clinics, schools and libraries for equipment and technical
assistance for telemedicine and distance learning. Grant recipients must
demonstrate that they serve rural America, prove there is an economic need and
provide at least 15 percent in matching funds.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: July 26, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              927 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             July 19, 2016 Tuesday

Washington: Collins, King Announce More Than $1.6 Million in Funding to Expand
Access to Rural Broadband & Invest in Telemedicine Innovation in Maine

LENGTH: 484  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: Office of the Senator Susan Collins has issued the following news
release:



 U.S. Senators Susan Collins and Angus King today announced that the U.S.
Department of Agriculture has awarded a total of $1,644,596 in grant funding to
four Maine school districts and a rural health care provider through the
Distance Learning and Telemedicine Loan and Grant program. The funding will help
connect rural communities with medical and educational experts in other parts of
the country, increasing access to health care, substance misuse treatment and
advanced educational opportunities.





 "Broadband and telehealth technologies have become critical tools for rural
communities, helping connect students with teachers and patients with doctors,"
Senators Collins and King said in a joint statement. "This funding will support
rural Mainers in their efforts to bridge the digital divide and actively
interact with experts and resources across the country."



 The award amounts and recipients are as follows:



     Maine Regional School Unit 13 will be awarded $327,466 to purchase
video-telepresence equipment to enable real-time distance learning among
Regional School Unit #13, the Chewonki Foundation, the Center for Maine
Contemporary Art, the Catawba Indian Nation, the Monhegan Island School and AOS
93 to provide rural students, educators and adult learners with access to
science, technology, engineering, art and math classes.

     Maine Regional School Unit 87/Maine School Administrative District 23 will
be awarded $312,744 to purchase video-telepresence equipment.

     Maine Regional School Unit 80/Maine School Administrative District 4 will
be awarded $239,235 to establish a distance learning network connecting
instructors at the Maine Tri-County Technology Center to students in 10 rural
schools in Maine; three rural schools in New Hampshire; and one end user site in
the Indian Township of Passamaquoddy, Maine.

     Maine Regional School Unit 33/Maine School Administrative District 33 will
be awarded $366,459 to purchase video-telepresence equipment that will enable
real-time distance learning activities between schools in Maine School
Administrative District #33 (MSAD #33) and its partners.

     MaineHealth will be awarded $398,692 to install tele-health
videoconferencing carts at six rural medical clinics. Three tele-health
videoconferencing carts will be provided to three home health agency sites.



 The Distatce Learning and Telemedicine Loan and Grant program provides funding
to rural hospitals, clinics, schools and libraries for equipment and technical
assistance for telemedicine and distance learning. Grant recipients must
demonstrate that they serve rural America, prove there is an economic need and
provide at least 15 percent in matching funds.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:

 editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: July 20, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              928 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                           Bangor Daily News (Maine)

                          December 16, 2009 Wednesday
                                  All Editions

Ellsworth OKs grant to build sidewalks

BYLINE: RICH HEWITT OF THE NEWS STAFF

SECTION: Pg. B3

LENGTH: 439 words

DATELINE: ELLSWORTH


City councilors on Monday accepted a grant from the Maine Department of
Transportation that will fund construction of sidewalks as part of the state's
"Quality Community-Safe Route to School" program.

In accepting the $88,000 grant, the councilors also authorized $22,000 in
matching funds from the city's local roads account for a total project amount of
$110,000. The city funds will be used for engineering design and construction
oversight on the project.

The grant will enable the city to construct sidewalks on portions of Pond
Avenue, Oak Street and Davis Street as part of the city's effort to improve
existing sidewalks and construct new ones, according to City Manager Michelle
Beal.

The city applied for the funds about a year ago, Beal said. The project has two
parts, she said. The sidewalk on Pond Avenue was conceived in conjunction with
the construction of the new elementary-junior high school. One of the entrances
to the school is off Pond Avenue, which was reconstructed this year.

"We wanted to connect the new school with the Y and the Knowlton School Park,"
Beal said.

The other portion of the project will extend sidewalks on Oak Street, which were
constructed as part of the Fork-in-the-Road project several years ago in order
to connect with a new sidewalk on Davis Street. According to Beal, the Davis
Street sidewalk will connect with a planned Rail-Trail, shared-use path along
the nearby rail line on one end and to Fifth Street, where youngsters will be
able to walk to the new Pond Street sidewalk.

"This will provide a safe walking area for kids in that area, and it will go up
to where the trail area is going to be," she said.

The "safe route" project is part of a wider city effort to repair, maintain and
construct sidewalks throughout the urban area. Much of the construction will be
done in connection with planned road and development projects, Beal said. And
the city's Planning Department is working with the Bicycle-Pedestrian (Bike-Ped)
Committee to develop priorities for repairing and upgrading existing sidewalks.

In some areas, existing sidewalks have "disappeared," and will need to be
considered new construction, she said.

According to Beal, the school department is working on plans for sidewalks near
the new school on Forest Avenue. Plans to extend Forest Avenue across Oak Street
also would involve expanding sidewalks to the high school, she said.

The city could not expend funds for the design of the project until state funds
had been appropriated, Beal said, so engineering design work will begin soon
with construction scheduled to begin in the spring.

rhewitt@bangordailynews.net

667-9394

LOAD-DATE: December 16, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2009 Bangor Daily News


                              929 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                   The Virgin Islands Daily News, St. Thomas

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           September 13, 2013 Friday

V.I. pushes deadline for company to complete local fiber-optic cable network
back 5 months

BYLINE: Jenny Kane, The Virgin Islands Daily News, St. Thomas

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 572 words


Sept. 13--ST. THOMAS -- The installation of fiber-optic cable in the territory
has not been as high-speed as the project coordinators had hoped.

The deadline for the V.I. Next Generation Network to complete its construction
of a broadband network in the territory has been pushed to Dec. 31, giving the
public corporation an extra five months to complete its efforts.

The installed cable will be part of a middle-mile network, or one that connects
a pre-existing core network to a more localized area.

"The territory has had connectivity for years. It's just not been connected,"
said Larry Kupfer, CEO of the Next Generation Network.

The foundational network was put into place in the 1990s by larger
telecommunication corporations, Kupfer said, in the form of submarine
fiber-optic cable that connects North America to South America but does not
connect the zone in between.

V.I. Next Generation Network intends to do just that with the $117 million
network, funded by four federal grants and local matching monies. The bulk of
the funding is for the payment of about 40 contracted firms and vendors
executing the construction of the network.

The priority is to first provide improved service to what the corporation refers
to as anchor institutions, or organizations with instrumental roles in the
community, such as government offices, school facilities and emergency services
hubs.

Another priority is to open the Next Generation Network's community computer
centers, all of which are free to use and open to the public.

On St. Thomas, 12 already are open, with another five in waiting; on St. Croix,
12 are open, with two more in waiting; and on St. John, two are waiting to open
their doors, according to the network's website.

All of the network's efforts were supposed to be completed by July 31, at which
point it was slated to lose any remaining funding that it had not already used.

However, the Next Generation Network was able to bump up the deadline as the
work was taking longer than expected, namely because of technical issues, Kupfer
said. The extension carries no additional cost, according to Kupfer.

In addition to finishing its list of community computer centers, the corporation
is working on finishing the construction of 24 fiber-access points throughout
the territory. They are small buildings from which network crews can conduct
maintenance on the subterranean cables.

The network is expected to provide bandwidth to various local retail Internet
service providers. It already has negotiated service contracts with several
providers, according to Kupfer, and it is still negotiating with others.

Kupfer declined to say what the expected revenue would be for the V.I. Next
Generation Network in its first year.

The network was established in 2010 and is a wholly owned subsidiary of the V.I.
Public Finance Authority, according to the network's website, www.vingn.org.

It was funded primarily by a grant from the National Telecommunications
Information Administration as part of a federal program to improve the broadband
capacity in the United States, its territories, and Washington, D.C.

For more information about the network, visit the website or contact
info@vingn.com

- Contact Jenny Kane at 714-9102 or email jkane@dailynews.vi

___ (c)2013 The Virgin Islands Daily News (St. Thomas, VIR) Visit The Virgin
Islands Daily News (St. Thomas, VIR) at www.virginislandsdailynews.com
Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: September 14, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20130913-1VI-V-I-pushes-deadline-for-company-to-complete-local-fiber-optic-cable
-network-back-5-months-0913-20130913

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1VI


                  Copyright 2013 The Virgin Islands Daily News


                              930 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                     The Press Democrat, Santa Rosa, Calif.

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            October 4, 2014 Saturday

State superintendent lauds programs at Santa Rosa's Piner High School

BYLINE: Jamie Hansen, The Press Democrat, Santa Rosa, Calif.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 591 words


Oct. 04--State Superintendent of Public Instruction Tom Torlakson stopped in at
Piner High School on Friday, part of a statewide tour to recognize schools that
emphasize career and technical training.

Torlakson's visit came a few months after the Sonoma County Office of Education
received a $15 million state grant to lead a six-county effort around preparing
students for college and employment through partnerships with community colleges
and businesses. It also comes as he's campaigning for re-election in a tight
race against challenger Marshall Tuck.

"I hear great things about the programs here," Torlakson told a morning
gathering of students, local business leaders and officials from Piner, Santa
Rosa City Schools and the Sonoma County Office of Education. "You've been
pioneers."

Torlakson highlighted, among other things, the school's new science center and a
recent partnership between Piner and Sonoma State University, where students can
pursue an intensive science education program and earn early consideration for
admission to the college's science and engineering department.

Torlakson said he came to Piner because of its emphasis on career technical
education, which integrates the technical training of a traditional,
career-track class with basic math, science, social studies and reading skills.
It reflects a switch from the old vocational education approach, where students
had to choose between a college and career track.

Through the $15 million Career Pathways Grant, Sonoma County and five
neighboring counties are expanding career technical education and creating job
training opportunities with local businesses. Piner is one of 12 Sonoma County
schools in the program. Schools in Lake, Napa, Marin, Mendocino and Solano
counties also are participating.

"The goal is to connect career technical education with the needs of the
region," said Stephen Jackson, director of career technical education for the
county office of education. That includes preparing students for high-skill jobs
in growing local industries such as biotechnology, engineering, manufacturing,
healthcare and agrotourism, he said. "We want to make sure we have programs that
help students explore those types of careers and that can take students all the
way from a community college to a four-year degree," he said.

After speaking about the school's efforts to connect students with internships
and job training and its focus on the sciences, Torlakson stopped to talk with
students about their work. One group of students, from the school's geospatial
technology class, showed maps they'd created that analyze where hospitals and
emergency services are in the county in relation to fault lines.

Another group, from the school's Project Make class, showed off a large
trebuchet they'd built, along with a go-kart.

"This is one of the model programs," he said as he toured Piner's new science
center and observatory. "Sonoma County has a long tradition of leadership with
career technical education."

Santa Rosa City Schools Superintendent Socorro Shiels said she thought recent
efforts at Piner and in the district reflected what students need to be
successful in a changing job market.

"It's the future," she said.

Staff Writer Jamie Hansen blogs about education at
extracredit.blogs.pressdemocrat.com. You can reach her at 521-5205 or
jamie.hansen@pressdemocrat.com On Twitter @jamiehansen.

___ (c)2014 The Press Democrat (Santa Rosa, Calif.) Visit The Press Democrat
(Santa Rosa, Calif.) at www.pressdemocrat.com Distributed by MCT Information
Services

LOAD-DATE: October 4, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20141004-UR-State-superintendent-lauds-programs-at-Santa-Rosa-s-Piner-High-Schoo
l-1004-20141004

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: UR


                                 Copyright 2014


                              931 of 998 DOCUMENTS


               The Valley News-Dispatch (Tarentum, Pennsylvania)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             October 5, 2014 Sunday

Buffalo Township to turn former Oregon Camp into community park

BYLINE: Jodi Weigand, The Valley News-Dispatch, Tarentum, Pa.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 511 words


Oct. 05--After more than 18 months of discussion, the modest former Oregon Camp
in Buffalo Township is officially slated to be transformed into a community park
with an Audubon Society nature center.

Buffalo Township and the Audubon Society of Western Pennsylvania are partnering
to develop the six-acre site at Monroe Road and Norris Lane near Buffalo Golf
Course.

Talks began in March 2013 after the township received a $90,000 state Department
of Community and Economic Development grant to help buy the property, which it
had been renting to own for two years.

The plans hit a snag when the Department of Conservation and Natural Resources
said that if Audubon bought part of the land, that money would be deducted from
the grant.

To solve the problem, the township subdivided the parcel, designating 1.25 acres
for the Audubon while maintaining ownership.

Ultimately, supervisors agreed to have the Audubon develop and maintain the
grounds.

"It's a win-win for us because Audubon has budgeted money to put into the park
that we would never have," said township Supervisor John Haven.

Water, sewage and electrical lines need to be installed, and there are drainage
issues that need to be addressed. The township's planning commission and state
Department of Environmental Protection need to review and approve the site plans
before work begins.

In addition to the nature center, the site is slated to feature a play and
teaching area, rain gardens, and a picnic and play area. Audubon also hopes to
install handicapped access to Little Buffalo Creek for fishing. The building at
the former camp will be turned into an events pavilion.

"We're trying to do whatever we can to make sure it stays a little wild and make
sure it's used for people to connect with nature," said Jim Bonner, executive
director of the Audubon Society of Western Pennsylvania. "We looked at several
sites, but this piece of property was very interesting to us because of its
location on Monroe Road. It's easily accessible to most of the public. We do a
lot of school visits and it's easy for buses or school groups to access."

The Audubon hopes the site can become an "anchor" of sorts for the nearby
Butler-Freeport Community Trail head on Monroe Road. The former Oregon Camp is
about five miles from Freeport and a little over five miles from another trail
head in the Cabot section of Winfield Township.

The area also will become the headquarters for the Todd Nature Reserve, which is
about two miles away.

"We want it to be a wonderful place for people to come and connect," Bonner
said.

There is no timeline yet for when work will begin, but Haven said he expects
residents will see plenty of activity over the next two to five years.

"It's been a long time coming and I think it will be a real benefit to the
township," he said.

Jodi Weigand is a staff writer for Trib Total Media. She can be reached at
724-226-4702 or jweigand@tribweb.com

___ (c)2014 The Valley News-Dispatch (Tarentum, Pa.) Visit The Valley
News-Dispatch (Tarentum, Pa.) at www.triblive.com Distributed by MCT Information
Services

LOAD-DATE: October 5, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20141005-TV-Buffalo-Township-to-turn-former-Oregon-Camp-into-community
-park-1005-20141005

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: TV


                    Copyright 2014 The Valley News-Dispatch


                              932 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                The Berkshire Eagle (Pittsfield, Massachusetts)

                             January 9, 2005 Sunday

Blue Cross Foundation awards grants to county organizations

SECTION: COMMUNITY

LENGTH: 394 words


The Blue Cross Blue Shield of Massachusetts Foundation has announced a
commitment of $3.2 million over the next three years in grants to expand access
to health care.

Forty-six organizations across the state received funding to improve
coordination of care for the uninsured, to enroll low-income consumers in
state-funded health insurance programs, and to strengthen community-based policy
activities.

Seven organizations in Western Massachusetts are among the 46 organizations to
receive grants from the foundation.

During this grant-making period, the foundation will support 18 organizations
with up to three-year commitments totaling $2.4 million [$1.7 million awarded in
2004] to coordinate health-care services for the uninsured; 18 programs with
one-year grants totaling $342,000 to help connect low-income consumers --
particularly new MassHealth members -- with health-care services; and 10
organizations with one-year grants totaling $420,000 to increase citizen
participation in health-care advocacy and policy initiatives.

The foundation committed grants totaling $212,000 over the next three years to
the following organizations in the Berkshire County area:

Ecu-Health Care in North Adams was awarded a $180,000 commitment over three
years [$60,000 awarded in 2004] to expand its outreach, enrollment and case
management services for an additional 100 uninsured residents in the Northern
Berkshire region. The organization's mission is to ensure the provision of
health care, including preventive medical care and services, dental services,
and reduced-price prescription drugs for low-income and uninsured residents.

Berkshire Health Systems in Pittsfield was awarded $20,000 for its Advocacy for
Access program that provides post-enrollment and specialized enrollment services
to the uninsured in Central and Southern Berkshire County, new MassHealth
enrollees, hospital inpatient substance-abuse patients and to those in the
correctional system in need of psychiatric care.

Hilltown Community Health Center Inc. in Worthington received $12,000 to help
residents understand and comply with MassHealth and MassHealth Essential program
requirements, assist with completing necessary paperwork, and connect applicants
with a primary-care provider and to make and keep medical appointments.

LOAD-DATE: January 9, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

   Copyright 2005 MediaNews Group, Inc. and New England Newspaper Group Inc.


                              933 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                           The Chronicle (Australia)

                       July 5, 2005 Tuesday Final Edition
                              Correction Appended

BYLINE: The Chronicle

SECTION: A; Pg. 12

LENGTH: 363 words


Health warning ACT Health is advising people not to drink lye water.

The warning comes after two interstate children and an adult were hospitalised
after ingesting the product.

Lye water is used in traditional Asian cooking, domestic soap production and as
a cleaning agent, and is sold in a container similar to a soft drink bottle in
Asian grocery stores and markets.

In the event of accidental ingestion, immediately contact your doctor or the
Poisons Information Centre on 131126.

Insect hotline A NEW hotline number has been established to provide advice on
European wasps and other insects and spiders.

Residents in the ACT region can contact 61621914 for assistance to help identify
and control European wasps and other local insect and spider species.

Canberra Urban Parks and Places director Russell Watkinson said the hotline
would help the ACT Government prevent the spread of European wasps.

He said it was the responsibility of householders to control European wasps on
their private land, while the government destroyed nests on public land.

Rego changes CANBERRANS can now pay their basic vehicle registration at any
Australia Post shopfront.

Vehicle owners paying registration at Australia Post will need to allow three to
five working days for delivery of their new labels.

However, if residents need additional requirements such as inspection reports or
changing ownership details, these transactions will have to be made at one of
the five Canberra Connect shopfronts or through the Canberra Connect website at
www.canberraconnect.act.gov.auDisability grants DISABILITY, Housing and
Community Services Minister John Hargreaves has said the funding recipients of
the ACT Government's 2004-05 Quality of Life Grant Program.

About $110,000 is being provided to assist the wellbeing of 31 people with
disabilities, with each recipient receiving up to $5000.

A range of individual supports will be funded, including vehicle modification
for wheelchair users, electronic communication devices, hoists to assist people
getting in and out of their wheelchair and paying for workers who assist people
in attending community activities.

LOAD-DATE: July 4, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

CORRECTION-DATE: July 12, 2005 Tuesday



CORRECTION: However, residents who need to meet additional requirements as part
of renewing their registration -such as presenting inspection reports -will need
to make these transactions in person at one of the Canberra Connect Shopfronts.
CANBERRANS can now pay their basic vehicle registration at any Australia Post
shopfront.

This can not be done through the Canberra Connect website as suggested in the
Chronicle last week.

           Copyright 2005 The Federal Capital Press of Australia Pty
                                    Limited


                              934 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          The Decatur Daily (Alabama)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            April 23, 2008 Wednesday

Somerville receives check for $3.7 million for sewer

BYLINE: Ronnie Thomas, The Decatur Daily, Ala.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 755 words


Apr. 23--SOMERVILLE -- The U.S. Department of Agriculture Rural Development used
the 38th anniversary of Earth Day to make Somerville's day.

Beverly Helton, assistant to the state director for the agency, gave the town a
check for $3.7 million Tuesday for Phase 1 of Somerville's sewer system. She
said the check represents a $2.7 million grant and a $1 million loan.

Mayor Ray Long said the town qualified for 75 percent of the total cost of the
project and got 73 percent.

"We're excited about that," he said. "Most folks don't get what they qualify
for, but we came really close. It's a blessing for us."

Long said the town has a 40-year-loan with Rural Development for the $1 million
at a 4.3 percent interest.

"This is great for our town," the mayor said of the sewer system, which he began
pursuing when he took office in October 2004. "We've really needed it for many
years. The town just couldn't afford the cost of installing one. Now we can."

The stretch of pipe for Phase 1 will extend from Sharp Road in Somerville, about
a mile and a half east of the caution light at Alabama 67 and Alabama 36, to
Priceville.

Priceville agreed to treat Somerville's sewage in November 2006. The 8-inch
force main line will connect to a 15-inch line at the bottom of Priceville
Mountain that serves Cove Creek Crossing and Churchill Downs subdivisions.

"We're requesting that the line run down the north side of Alaba-ma 67 because
our pumping stations will be on that side of the road," Long said.

Larry Whitley, president of Ladd Environmental Consultants Inc. of Fort Payne,
said the project will involve a total of 15.4 miles of pipe. He said that
construction should begin in six to nine months.

Long said Phase 1 will cover about 262 potential customers and about 30
potential non-residential customers, including churches and businesses. Connect
for free

"Everyone who lives within town limits are required to hook on," Long said.
"Other residents may choose to connect if the sewer runs in front of their
house. I don't know why they wouldn't (connect) because for this phase, it's a
free hookup. You get it for free now or pay later. For later extensions, the
customers will pay a tap fee."

Long said residents will be able to do away with old septic tanks and field
lines, which he said are always in need of work.

Somerville already has a $384,000 loan that U.S. Sen. Richard Shelby,
R-Tuscaloosa, secured from the Environmental Protection Agency for Phase 2. That
project will go from Sharp Road east to Alabama 67 and Alabama 36.

"There are 52 residences that could be served in that project and 12
non-residential customers," Long said.

Priceville Mayor Melvin Duran, who also serves as sewer superintendent, said,
"We're just glad to be a part of this. I think it's a good decision by our Sewer
Board and our Town Council that we've decided to partner with Somerville."

Duran said the partnership will lessen the environmental impact on the area. "We
will not have two separate treatment plants and two separate discharges into the
Tennessee River," he said. "It's just a whole lot better for everyone
concerned."

Helton said Somerville is one of 48 communities in 30 states the U.S. Department
of Agriculture assisted to mark Earth Day. She said Agriculture Secretary Ed
Schafer announced the total package at more than $185 million in loans and
grants.

"While riding around town with Mayor Long, he spoke about going door-to-door
encouraging residents to sign up and be a user of the system, and showing me the
boundaries," she said. "They don't just run in a straight line. It shows how
much he knows about his community."

Helton said that to adequately utilize a $2.7 million grant there first must be
a plan. "Then you need good leadership and community support," she said. "I
commend you for all of that."

About 50 people attended the presentation ceremony on the lawn of the Old
Somerville Courthouse. Among them were representatives of Shelby, U.S. Sen. Jeff
Sessions, R-Mobile, and Rep. Robert Aderholt, R-Haleyville. Kindergartners from
Somerville Baptist Church planted a patio peach tree to commemorate Earth Day.

To see more of The Decatur Daily, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.decaturdaily.com Copyright (c) 2008, The Decatur Daily, Ala.
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: April 23, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20080423-DD-Somerville-receives-check-for-3.7-million-for-sewer-0423

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: DD


                        Copyright 2008 The Decatur Daily


                              935 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                           Grand Haven Tribune, Mich.

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            April 9, 2014 Wednesday

$1M sought for bike path connections

BYLINE: Marie Havenga, Grand Haven Tribune, Mich.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 467 words


April 09--NORTHWEST OTTAWA COUNTY -- Local, county and state leaders are hoping
to hit the trail with almost $1 million in federal funds to design a
nonmotorized path system that links the Lakeshore with the Grand Rapids
metropolitan area.

Spring Lake Township Community Development Director Lukas Hill is heading up a
federal Transportation Investment Generating Economic Recovery grant application
request that will be submitted in the next couple of weeks.

If approved, the T.I.G.E.R. grant would be used for engineering and design of
the North Bank Trail extension, Grand River Greenway and Spoonville Trail, a
collection of 50 miles of nonmotorized paths through the Grand River valley. The
regional trail system, dubbed "the Grand Connection," is designed to connect the
Lakeshore with the Grand Rapids metropolitan area.

To see a map of the system, download the PDF (Related File) below this story.

The 28-mile Grand River Greenway would run on the south side of the Grand River
and eventually connect with Allendale trails, which connect to Grand Rapids,
according to Ottawa County Parks and Recreation Director John Scholtz.

"It really would be awesome," Scholtz said. "People could ride from Grand Rapids
right out to the Lakeshore. Grand Valley State University students could ride
from the Allendale campus to the downtown (Grand Rapids) campus and be going
along beautiful parks along the way. All of Ottawa County would benefit from
this."

Scholtz said the county currently has rights to land all the way through
Eastmanville, and hopes to have Greenway construction underway in the next five
years. He said the T.I.G.E.R. grant, with about $290,000 in Greenway planning
funds, could be a huge jumpstart to that.

"It's kind of a long shot, but it could really give a boost to several trail
projects which would be wonderful," Scholtz said.

The four-mile Spoonville Trail would run across the new M-231 bridge and connect
the Grand River Greenway to the North Bank Trail, which currently runs through
Spring Lake and Crockery townships.

Spoonville is the name of a former sawmill town in that area that was
established in 1856.

County Land Use Planning Specialist Aaron Bodbyl-Mast said the T.I.G.E.R. grant
would provide $40,000 for The second phase of the project from Leonard Road to
the North Bank Trail.

The North Bank Trail runs from Fruitport Road east into Crockery Township, and
currently ends at 130th Avenue. Plans are to connect it to the Musketawa Trail,
which feeds into Grand Rapids connector paths.

To read the whole story, see today's print or e-edition of the Grand Haven
Tribune.

Related Files:

T.I.G.E.R. map

___ (c)2014 the Grand Haven Tribune (Grand Haven, Mich.) Visit the Grand Haven
Tribune (Grand Haven, Mich.) at www.grandhaventribune.com Distributed by MCT
Information Services

LOAD-DATE: April 10, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20140409-NA-1M-sought-for-bike-path-connections-0409-20140409

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: NA


                   Copyright 2014 Grand Haven Tribune, Mich.


                              936 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                              Chicago Daily Herald

                            June 22, 2011 Wednesday
                                   M1 Edition

Carpentersville aims for new PACE route

BYLINE: By Lenore T. Adkins ladkins@dailyherald.com

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 4

LENGTH: 333 words


Could Carpentersville use another bus route?

Village officials hope the Regional Transit Authority thinks so.

Carpentersville has applied for a grant to help fund a transportation study on
whether the community could sustain an east/west bus route from PACE.

Through its Community Planning Program, RTA would pay for 80 percent of the
study, while the village would pick up the remaining 20 percent during the
2012-2013 budget year. RTA is working in conjunction with the Chicago
Metropolitan Agency for Planning on the project.

If approved, authorities envision a route linking east side employees to their
jobs along Maple Avenue, Commerce Parkway and within Old Town. Officials
estimate that the village has more than 6,000 homes east of the river, and that
those residents comprise the bulk of that area's workforce.

"We're really trying to get some cars off the road and especially for a commute
that isn't that far, but you still need a car for it," Economic Development
Coordinator Jan Murphy said. "We'd just like to see if there's an opportunity to
link through public transit to give people an alternative --automobiles are
expensive."

Officials would like to see the route travel Route 68, go through the Golfview
and Hazard Road areas and connect to routes 25 and 31. The route would also
connect east side residents to stores and other businesses on Randall Road.

"It would be great to let some of these people have access to shopping but also
to the small businesses in the area," Trustee Doug Marks said."I think it's a
win-win situation for everyone."

Right now, PACE operates two routes through Carpentersville that go from north
to south -- the No. 543 and the No. 803.

"We're devoid of getting people from the east side to the west side and vice
versa," Village Manager J. Mark Rooney said.

Carpentersville is one of 10 communities under consideration for the grant. The
other towns are Lake Villa, Fox Lake, Mount Prospect, Round Lake, Evanston,
Kenilworth, Cicero, Olympia Fields and LaGrange.

LOAD-DATE: June 23, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2011 Paddock Publications, Inc.


                              937 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                 July 3, 1997, Thursday, FIVE STAR LIFT EDITION

NEW SYSTEM FOR WATER TO BE DONE BY NEXT JUNE;
PROJECT WILL SERVE 10,000 IN BOND, MADISON COUNTIES

BYLINE: Walter Grogan; Special To The Post-Dispatch

SECTION: ILLINOIS, Pg. 01

LENGTH: 607 words


Residents in some rural parts of Madison and Bond counties should be enjoying
potable water from a new system by next June.

The Bond-Madison Water Co. broke ground recently for the first phase of a
project that will bring water to about 10,000 people - residents of eight
municipalities and 650 rural households and farms in parts of Bond and Madison
counties.

The system will connect the villages of Hamel, Worden, Livingston, Alhambra,
Grantfork, Marine and St. Jacob in Madison County and Pocahontas in Bond County.
Also, the system will serve Triad High School near St. Jacob.

The first phase will serve not only the villages and rural customers but also
will connect with the Tri-County Public Water District to the north, which
provides water to more than 600 users in portions of Madison, Bond and
Montgomery counties.

"We're very relieved and pleased that things went as well as they did," said Max
Kaegy, vice chairman of the Bond-Madison company's board of directors.

Kaegy, who lives four miles south of Greenville, will not be a customer in the
initial phase of the system. But he considers himself lucky to have an adequate
water supply from a shallow well at his home. "But you never know how healthful
it is," he said.

The first phase, about $ 8.1 million, will install about 100 miles of water
lines and build two elevated water tanks, a ground tank and two pump stations.

In addition, Illinois American Water Co., which will supply the water to the
Bond-Madison Water Co., will spend $ 2.7 million to lay 10 miles of 16-inch pipe
from its treatment plant in Granite City to connect with Bond-Madison along
Interstate 55 near Troy.

"We're extremely proud because it's an example of a successful public-private
partnership," said Illinois American president Roy Lee. "That's a key to
continued economic development in Illinois . . . in rural areas like Bond and
Madison counties."

Kaegy added that without Illinois American's participation "we wouldn't have
been able to accomplish what we have today." He explained that it is more
cost-effective for small water districts to purchase water from a large supplier
than to try to provide water and meet state laws for treatment.

Also, large suppliers can pass on volume pricing, making the cost per gallon
cheaper to the customer, Kaegy said.

Financing for the first phase is from a $ 5 million low-interest loan (5 percent
over 38 years) and a $ 1 million grant from USDA-Rural Development; about $
300,000 in municipal and user tap-on fees; $ 800,000 in grants from the Illinois
Department of Commerce and Community Affairs to Shoal Creek Township and
Pocahontas; and $ 900,000 from Alhambra, from a USDA Rural Development loan to
the village for a water system it had proposed.

Applications for low-interest loans for the second phase are being reviewed by
USDA Rural Development, said Mike Wallace, a rural development specialist with
USDA. The Bond-Madison company is requesting between $ 4 million and $ 5 million
that will connect more rural customers and farms.

In two later phases, which could take about five years to complete, the system
will connect with the Fayette Water Co. east of Bond County and with the Carlyle
North Water Co. to the south.

The nine-member Bond-Madison board formed the not-for-profit water co mpany
about four years ago to meet the need for safe and reliable drinking water. The
village water systems, supplying water from wells that are more than 30 years
old, needed alternative water supplies to keep up with demand, said Lynn Weis of
the University of Illinois Extension Service for Bond County.

LOAD-DATE: July 4, 1997

LANGUAGE: English

                  Copyright 1997 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.


                              938 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                     Pittsburgh Post-Gazette (Pennsylvania)

                           February 9, 2011 Wednesday
                                 SOONER EDITION

CITY OF ASYLUM GETS $50,000 GRANT

BYLINE: Marylynne Pitz , Pittsburgh Post-Gazette

SECTION: ARTS & ENTERTAINMENT; Pg. C-3

LENGTH: 292 words


City of Asylum/Pittsburgh, a North Side nonprofit that provides a home and
two-year residencies for writers in exile, received a $50,000 grant Tuesday from
Leveraging Investments in Creativity, a New York-based initiative.

The money will go toward planning a major expansion and establishing a regional
literary center with a national profile.

City of Asylum/Pittsburgh owns a former bar at 1410 Monterey St., a vacant lot
at 1408 Monterey and an unoccupied, three-story home at 1406 Monterey.
Co-founder Henry Reese said a glass-enclosed structure will be built on the
vacant lot to connect the bar and the house.

The total cost of the project is estimated at $3.3 million. The Heinz
Endowments, the Richard King Mellon Foundation and The Hillman Foundation have
committed $1.5 million in grant money toward the expansion, Mr. Reese said.

"We're combining all of these buildings into one building," he said. "We're
hoping to break ground over the summer."

Plans call for building a bookstore, a performance space, rooms for writing
workshops, two apartments for writers and a cafe. The new facility will allow
the organization to host more events and offer additional programs to the
community. Currently, the organization holds one reading each month.

"What we're trying to do here is infuse the Central North Side with literary
culture, which bridges a lot of differences in the community. Culture is really
the way to do it -- everything from food to literature. We host a writer here in
exile. Hospitality is one of the core values," Mr. Reese said.

City of Asylum also operates a Web magazine called www.sampsoniaway.org

"Bringing writers here from other countries connects us to the world. It's like
the Olympic flame being carried from place to place."

LOAD-DATE: February 11, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES: Marylynne Pitz: mpitz@post-gazette.com or 412-263-1648./

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2011 P.G. Publishing Co.


                              939 of 998 DOCUMENTS


           The Evening News and The Tribune (Jeffersonville, Indiana)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                            March 18, 2017 Saturday

Working together for a greater purpose: Women's Foundation introduces Impact 100
Southern Indiana

BYLINE: Aprile Rickert, The Evening News and the Tribune, Jeffersonville, Ind.

SECTION: LIFESTYLE

LENGTH: 743 words


March 18--SOUTHERN INDIANA -- The Women's Foundation of Southern Indiana is
working toward making a bigger community impact by harnessing their collective
power.

At a meet-and-greet at the Pepin Mansion in New Albany Tuesday, organization
leaders announced a new model for fundraising that is aimed to focus resources
for dramatic changes.

Impact 100 Southern Indiana, a local initiative based on a global model, brings
together donations that can be combined to go toward something much bigger than
individuals in the organization could accomplish alone.

The goal is to raise $100,000 through 100 individual donations of $1,000 each
and award it in the fall to a nonprofit organization serving women or families
in Clark, Floyd or Harrison counties.

The donations can come from individuals or split among up to four people, each
$1,000 carrying one vote in the say of where the larger sum will go.

The Women's Foundation, which has been around for more than a decade, has always
focused on helping the community through scholarships or other grants. But by
redirecting donations in this way, they can make a much bigger impact.

"We just thought, 'This is a way to really impact our community,'" advisory
board member Beth White said. "There's no other way that any one [member] could
do that."

Lindsey Neely announced the new initiative to the roomful of mostly women
Tuesday night, with excitement on the new direction the organization is taking.

"I've been in the fundraising business and the event business and there is not
another model like this," Neely said. "This is truly a grassroots effort [and]
we are going to make a big difference right here in the community in which we
live."

To help determine where the most need in the community is, the foundation
commissioned a baseline study of women and girls of Clark, Floyd and Harrison
counties.

Meaningful Metrics, compiled by the Applied Research and Education Center at IU
Southeast, takes a look at five core areas in the needs assessment -- changing
lives, promoting health, supporting education, building financial independence
and empowering well-being.

Requests for proposals will go out in June, and organizations will be scored
based on criteria satisfying these categories. The three top-scoring groups will
present to the members at an annual dinner in September, where they vote for the
group that will get the $100,000 for this year.

"One of the most powerful components of this model is that it's 100 percent in
and 100 percent out," Neely said. "And so 100 percent of that is going to the
grant recipient.

"Women coming together to meet those needs ... we just know it's the start of
something big and we could not be more excited about that."

Since the entire $100,000 will go toward one group, community members can still
help sponsor in other ways -- by becoming an event sponsor, committee member or
a member of the Hazel Society. This means a $100 donation to go toward help with
operating costs and is in honor of the Women's Foundation founder, Hazel Bales.

The number $1,000 is meant to connect the donors with their cause even further
-- for many members this amount represents a need to budget, so when it is
given, it takes on more meaning.

The parent group also sponsors several other membership options -- two
applicants will be selected for a matching membership, which means they pay $500
but get full benefits. They must agree to serve on the committee for two years.

The Young Philanthropist Program is designed to introduce people 18 to 39 years
old to the concept. It supplies a portion of the $1,000 donation for three
years, while the member serves on the committee.

Kerri Cokely, president of the advisory board, said she expects this model to
take off.

"Our community has lots of inspiring leaders and they have ideas, just waiting
to connect with the right partner to make it happen," she said. "I think we're
going to see amazing things happen."

White said these are just the first steps in a movement she hopes will continue
to grow.

"I think of it as we're planting a seed," she said. "We have a very lofty goal
and we may not see the tree, but we're going to plant that seed and we're going
to hope that it continues to grow by other women joining and seeing the
excitement we have."

___ (c)2017 The Evening News and The Tribune (Jeffersonville, Ind.) Visit The
Evening News and The Tribune (Jeffersonville, Ind.) at newsandtribune.com
Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: March 18, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20170318-JB-Working-together-for-a-greater-purpose-Women-s-Foundation-introduces
-Impact-100-Southern-Indiana-0318-20170318

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: JB


                Copyright 2017 The Evening News and The Tribune


                              940 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               Kiama Independent

                                 July 29, 2015

Cultural arts scene is an asset and attraction

BYLINE: BRIAN PETSCHLER, KIAMA MAYOR

SECTION: FRONTPAGE

LENGTH: 385  words


KIAMA enjoys a thriving cultural arts scene that draws in tourists from around
the world.

Every year in March our restaurants and cafes fill with people enjoying the
smooth notes of the Kiama Jazz and Blues festival.

In September, our picturesque seaside town hosts the Folk by the Sea festival
which features the sounds of folk, world, roots, Celtic, bluegrass and gypsy
music over three days.

Kiama was home for the famous fashion designer, Orry-Kelly, who was recently
immortalised in a special film honouring his contribution to costume design in
Hollywood.

The area is also home to award winning furniture designer, Trent Jensen, whose
work has been exhibited in the London Design Museum and features in top design
magazines such as Vogue and Belle.

Nurturing and supporting our local artists and musicians is vital for the
development of our community provides a boost for our tourism industry.

Council recognises that we must create pathways for our local young people to
explore their artistic talents.

We must also create opportunities for residents of all ages to express their
talents and leave a lasting legacy for their community.

This may be through music, sculpture, poetry, painting, performance, photography
and much more.

Cultural grants of up to $3000 per application are available to local artists
for artistic endeavours which increase the range of arts projects within the
Kiama Local Government Area.

Youth Arts Scholarships of up to $1000 are available to young people aged 12 to
21 years.

The winter funding round of Kiama Council's Cultural Grants and Youth Arts
Scholarship closes on Friday, August 28.

Submit your application online by visiting the Arts & Culture section of our
website kiama.nsw.gov.au, or request a hard copy application by contacting our
customer service team on 4232 0444.

If you're a local artist you should consider joining the Kiama Cultural Network
at kiama culturenetwork.word press.com.

The network was established in 2009 as a means for local artisans to connect
with each other and with council.

The goal of the Kiama Cultural Network is to build and maintain a cultural arts
community in the Kiama local government area.

The aims of the network are to connect local Kiama artists and council, share
relevant information and promote cultural arts in Kiama.

LOAD-DATE: August 03, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


             Copyright 2015 Fairfax Media Publications Pty. Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              941 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                     Coffs Coast Advocate (New South Wales)

                          September 21, 2016 Wednesday

Helping youth thrive in Bello

SECTION: Pg. 12

LENGTH: 233  words


What do you do?

HELLO, my name is Dean Besley. I'm the co-ordinator at the Bellingen Shire Youth
Centre, The Hub.

Five years ago, the Bellingen Shire was awarded a federal grant to build a youth
development centre, and I was lucky enough to be in the right place at the right
time to help open it.

Since then, I've been on this incredible journey with the local young people and
our community to help develop the thriving centre that it is today.

What's your favourite part of the job?

Being a part of people's lives, particularly young people, is an absolute
honour. Not to mention it keeps me young at heart and on my toes!

In essence, the Hub is a place where young people's dreams, tears, joys, ups and
downs, hopes, challenges and day-to-day stuff gets aired and shared. It's where
they can go to connect, relax, laugh, just hang out or access support like
doctors, youth workers or mentors.

It really is a place dedicated to the notion that "it takes a village to raise a
child".

Where do you see the organisation in the coming years?

The community is just about to build us one seriously awesome and amazing
bouldering wall, which certainly has the excitement flowing.

Our vision is that the Hub helps our young people to connect and foster a deeper
sense of "belonging" regardless of the activity, event or service we offer and
that has a long-term benefit to all involved, especially our community.

LOAD-DATE: September 20, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: CCA


                    Copyright 2016 APN Newspapers Pty. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              942 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                        The Daily Record (Baltimore, MD)

                             July 8, 2009 Wednesday

The Daily Record News Briefs: July 8, 2009

BYLINE: Daily Record Staff Report

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 888  words


Ritz Camera gives up hope

Debt-ridden Ritz Camera Centers Inc., of Beltsville, whose 800 locations made it
the largest chain of camera stores in the U.S. at the outset of Chapter 11
reorganization in February, has given up hope of reorganizing and filed papers
late last week to sell its remaining assets, either to liquidators or
going-concern buyers. Although Ritz generated $40 million from selling all 129
Boater's World Marine Centers, the court filing said the company lacked
financing to operate beyond the next three months and didn't have capital to
purchase inventory for the fall and holiday seasons.

Search underway for UMB head

William E. Kirwan, chancellor of the University System of Maryland, announced
the appointment of a search committee for the president of the University of
Maryland, Baltimore. "... [W]e we are seeking a national leader who can build on
the university's excellence and momentum," Kirwan said in a prepared statement.
"We hope to complete the search process within the next 10 months. " The chair
of the search committee is Rick Berndt, managing partner with Gallagher Evelius
& Jones LLP in Baltimore and a former member of the USM Board of Regents. UMB
President David J. Ramsay announced in early June that he will step down
effective upon the regents appointing a successor.

Major appointment at UMMC

The University of Maryland Medical Center announced the appointment of Dr.
Jonathan E. Gottlieb as its senior vice president and chief medical officer.
Gottlieb has more than 30 years of experience working in academic medical
centers. Before joining UMMC, he was the chief medical officer at Barnes-Jewish
Hospital in St. Louis, where he also served as a professor of medicine and the
assistant vice chancellor for clinical affairs at Washington University School
of Medicine. Gottlieb begins his new role at UMMC in Baltimore this month.
Gottlieb's wife, Dr. Valerie Omicioli, will join the faculty of the University
of Maryland School of Medicine as a specialist in gynecology.

DuPont CEO to be honored

The Joseph A. Sellinger, S.J., School of Business and Management at Loyola
College in Maryland announced the selection of Ellen J. Kullman, chief executive
officer of E.I. DuPont de Nemours & Co., of Wilmington, Del., as the 2009
recipient of its Business Leader of the Year Award. The award will be presented
at the annual award dinner on Nov. 19 at the Renaissance Harborplace Hotel in
Baltimore. Kullman was appointed president of DuPont in October 2008 and CEO in
January 2009. She previously served as executive vice president and a member of
the office of the chief executive.

Grant for Carroll College

Carroll Community College, of Westminster, said it received a $1,115,279 state
grant that will allow the nursing program to accept students in the spring
semester. Traditionally, new students have only been accepted in the fall
semesters. As a result, more nursing students will be admitted to the program,
increasing the annual number of graduates. The grant largely supports new
faculty, for whom the hiring process is underway.

Acuity Mobile hits stride

Acuity Mobile Inc., of Greenbelt, a provider of targeted mobile content delivery
technology, said it supplied Chesapeake, Va.-based Harris Connect with an
advanced content delivery system for the alumni association marketplace. The
system will provide Harris Connect and its clients with a world-class mobile
communication platform, according to Acuity. Harris Connect is a provider of
affinity marketing services, ranging from alumni and member publications to
online communities and applications.

More work for the General Physics

General Physics Corp., of Elkridge, a provider of training, e-learning,
management consulting and engineering services, said it was awarded a multi-year
contract to provide outsourced training services, including content development,
vendor management and related services to a global software corporation. GP said
it was prohibited by the contract from identifying the client, but that it
expects to engage personnel and contractors located in GP offices in
Connecticut, Maryland, Oregon, Washington and India to provide a wide range of
traditional and state-of-the-art learning-related services.

Patent law firm up to speed

Berenato, White & Stavish LLC, of Bethesda, an intellectual property law firm
specializing in patent services, said it has launched an enhanced Web site,
www.bwsiplaw.com, with a new section dedicated to the practice of accelerated
patent examination. "Our enhanced site offers a wealth of resources for
entrepreneurs and their investors, especially those who don't have time to wait
3-5 years for their patent to come through," noted Maurice Haff, the firm's
director of patent strategy and monetization.

O.C. turnout on target

Ocean City officials estimate nearly 322,000 people visited the resort over the
Fourth of July weekend. Town officials said Monday that the number is down by
about 4,000 from the holiday weekend last year. Officials say the turnout met
expectations. The town uses waste water calculations to estimate the number of
visitors. Officials say those "flush numbers" are only a rough estimate. Actual
figures on how much people spent on food and hotel rooms will not be released
until the beginning of September, when tax revenue numbers are announced.

LOAD-DATE: July 9, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: General news

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2009 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved


                              943 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                         Brattleboro Reformer (Vermont)

                           February 19, 2011 Saturday

If you build it ...

SECTION: OPINION

LENGTH: 501 words


Saturday February 19, 2011

People opt to move to Vermont because they want to leave a lot of things behind
-- crowds, noises, smells and traffic and all the aggravation that those things
bring.

And many of these people aren't moving to Vermont to retire.

They are moving here because the Internet revolution means they can work from
just about anywhere that they choose to set down roots.

Southern Vermont is especially attractive to a certain group of business people
because of its proximity to New York City and its environs.

Most days of the month they can be working behind desks in offices with windows
overlooking the serenity of the Green Mountains. When the day is done they can
kick back with their family and enjoy the peace and quiet that comes with living
in a rural area.

On a rare day they have to make the jaunt into the city to take care of any
business that needs to be dealt with on a face-to-face basis.

And while many of these people have already made the move to Vermont, one thing
is holding others back -- the lack of high-speed Internet out to "the last
mile," where many of them would like to live.

You just can't do business when you're doing it at dial-up speeds.

You need broadband.

If Vermont is going to grow businesses and create jobs for those of us who grew
up here or whose families moved here decades ago, we need innovative,
high-powered people to set up shop here.

Those people are out there and it's not the "negative" business climate or high
taxes in Vermont that are keeping them away.

It's connectivity!

Broadband access to each and every one of us who needs it is not going to happen
overnight, but it will happen sooner or later.

We hope sooner rather than later and there are indications that things are
changing.

Money is coming to Vermont to make broadband connectivity a reality in many
communities that don't already have it. Vermont Telephone Company received an
$81 million broadband stimulus grant and a $35 million government backed loan
for its Wireless Open World project.

The Vermont FiberConnect, a public-private partnership between the Vermont
Telecommunications Authority and Sovernet Communications, received a $33.4
million grant to develop, own, maintain and operate a 773 mile fiber-optic
middle mile network in southern, central and northeastern Vermont.

The project will connect over 340 community anchor institutions in the project
area, including state-owned buildings, public safety towers and all public and
private K-12 schools, public libraries and colleges that elect to participate in
the project.

Vermont has a lot of good things going for it, many of which we forget about.
But people who look from the outside in are fascinated and charmed by the
lifestyle and culture that living in the Green Mountain State offers.

Those people, along with the visionaries, the farmers and the entrepreneurs who
already live here, will drive Vermont into a future of well-paid and fulfilling
jobs.

But to do that, we've got to be able to connect and connect fast.

LOAD-DATE: January 26, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


   Copyright 2011 MediaNews Group, Inc. and New England Newspaper Group Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              944 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               India Energy News

                        July 8, 2014 Tuesday 6:30 AM EST

DTE Energy Foundation: 500 Young People Begin Summer Jobs Funded by the DTE
Energy Foundation

LENGTH: 441  words


July 8 -- For the fourth consecutive year, about 500 teens and young adults from
Detroit and other communities reported to work today, as part of a $1-million
youth employment initiative funded by the DTE Energy Foundation.

The Foundation once again partnered with City Connect Detroit and other agencies
to fund summer jobs in Detroit as well as in Highland Park, Inkster, Pontiac,
Muskegon and Ypsilanti.  All of the available positions have been filled.

"This  summer jobs initiative is all about providing meaningful work
experiences for young people from urban communities in our state," said Faye
Nelson,  vice president of Public Affairs for DTE Energy and president of the
DTE Energy Foundation. "We want to make sure that when these young  people are
ready to enter the workforce that they have the type of  experience necessary to
get - and keep - a job."

The Foundation has funded about 1,500 summer jobs since 2010. This summer's
program is the cornerstone of a broader, $1-million youth employment initiative.
The Foundation provided $750,000 to fund the summer jobs, the vast majority of
which are part of the Grow Detroit's Young Talent program.  The United Way of
the Lakeshore administers the Muskegon jobs.

Nelson announced the program at SER Metro, a Detroit non-profit agency that
provides skills training and job placement  services.  SER Metro partnered with
the Foundation to employ 25 young  people this summer.  The Foundation worked
with about 30 community  partners to place teens and young adults in meaningful
jobs at their  agencies.  The summer jobs program runs for six weeks.

At today's announcement Nelson was joined by Eva Garza Dewaelsche, president of
SER Metro; Dierk Hall, president and CEO of City Connect Detroit, which runs the
Grow Detroit's Young Talent summer jobs program, and current and former summer
jobs program participants.

Launched in 2009 by the Detroit Youth Employment Consortium, the Grow Detroit's
Young Talent program has supported the placement of nearly 7,000 youths in
summer jobs, according to Hall.

"When  a significant community stakeholder like DTE Energy steps up in such a
big way for young people, it really speaks to their commitment to the
community," said City Connect Detroit's Hall.  "They get it - we must  expose
today's youth to a quality education and the world of work, for  their sake and
ours."

The Foundation also committed $250,000 to the city of Detroit to provide
year-round, part-time jobs at city recreation centers.  In  addition, the
Foundation provided a small grant to the Greening of Detroit to hire young
people to plant trees in city neighborhoods.

LOAD-DATE: July 8, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


                           Copyright 2014 Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              945 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                            Buffalo News (New York)

                            August 2, 2012 Thursday
                                NIAGARA EDITION

LOCAL NEWS? BRIEFS

SECTION: LOCAL; Local News Briefs; Pg. B3

LENGTH: 466 words


Traffic rules altered?at busy intersection

LOCKPORT ? Traffic rules at one of Lockport's busiest intersections were altered
Wednesday, Supervisor Marc R. Smith said.

Northbound traffic on Beattie Avenue is now allowed to make right turns on a red
light onto Lincoln Avenue, except between 8 a.m. and 4 p.m. on school days.
Right on red had been prohibited at all times since a left-turn arrow for
southbound Beattie Avenue traffic was installed a couple of years ago.

Smith said northbound drivers were cutting through the nearby Lincoln Village
subdivision to reach Lincoln Avenue while avoiding backups on Beattie Avenue. He
said when Lincoln Avenue is reconstructed, which is expected to occur in a year
or two, turn lanes will be installed at the intersection.

***

Bank hands over deed?to village baseball field

Cattaraugus County Bank this week handed over the deed to a piece of property ?
previously used by many children as a baseball field ? to the Village of South
Dayton.

"We are so pleased we are able to donate this ball field to the village," said
Salvatore Marranca, bank CEO and president. "Our philosophy at CCB is to help by
reinvesting in the communities we serve. This donation is one way we can do that
? we can help ensure that children continue to have a place to meet, have fun
and play one of America's favorite games."

The bank acquired the property when it purchased land to build a new banking
facility that connects the branches in Cherry Creek and South Dayton.
Construction to the new facility is expected to be complete by mid-September.
Village officials are making plans on how to move forward with the new ball
field.

***

Expressway bridge gets?$1.4 million federal grant

A $1.4 million federal grant toward the nearly $8 million reconstruction of the
Niagara Expressway bridge over Buffalo Avenue in Niagara Falls was announced by
Sens. Charles E. Schumer and Kirsten E. Gillibrand.

The state Department of Transportation will replace the bridge deck and
superstructure using innovative closure techniques that will limit the impact on
the community during the construction season. The senators did not say when the
construction project is expected to begin.

***

Farmers' Market starts?fresh-food program

Univera Healthcare Downtown Jamestown Farmers' Market has launched a "food
deserts" incentive program aimed at providing more than 2,000 city residents
access to fresh produce.

The farmers' market received $10,000 through the state Department of Agriculture
and Markets' "Fresh Connect Grant" to launch the program.

Two census blocks in Jamestown have been identified as "food deserts" by the
U.S. Department of Agriculture, defined as a community where at least 500 people
and/or at least a third of the census tract's population lives more than a mile
from a supermarket.

LOAD-DATE: August 4, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Briefs

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2012 The Buffalo News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              946 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               Right Vision News

                             October 3, 2010 Sunday

The Detroit Regional Chamber Receives U.S. Commerce Department's Economic
Development Administration (EDA) Grant

LENGTH: 754  words

DATELINE: Karachi


Karachi, Oct. 03 -- The Detroit Regional Chamber has been awarded a $725,842.00
grant from the U.S. Commerce Department's Economic Development Administration
(EDA) to fund an Open Innovation initiative. The Open Innovation Initiative will
focus on diversifying the Detroit region's economy beyond its traditional
automotive industry, by working to connect Detroit region companies with
resources to match them with new national and international markets and to build
industry clusters.

"The Economic Development Administration is pleased to partner with the Detroit
Regional Chamber to support this innovative pilot program that will work to
diversify the Detroit region's industrial capacity and boost its customer base,"
said U.S. Assistant Secretary of Commerce for Economic Development John
Fernandez. "Connecting the region's companies with new global customers will
spur critical job growth in Detroit."

"The EDA grant will allow the Chamber to provide the region's business community
with strategic opportunities for economic diversification. Open Innovation will
work with companies to help them identify business development opportunities in
several emerging industries including alternative energy, bio life sciences,
aerospace, defense, automotive and others," stated Barbara E. Allushuski,
chairman of the Detroit Regional Chamber Board of Directors and president, Right
Management Great Lakes Region. She continued, "This initiative will quickly move
the Detroit region's business community to build a broader customer base and
ultimately lead the region to a more diversified economy."

Positioning the project as a regional solution for economic diversification was
solidified by a local matching grant of $128,000.00, being provided by the New
Economy Initiative of Southeast Michigan (NEI). This commitment indicates a
collaborative support from government, business and philanthropy for this
important business development strategy.

"This award supports NEI's focus on building strong networks that support the
development of a more diverse, knowledge driven economy," said David Egner,
executive director of the New Economy Initiative. "Supporting the Chamber's Open
Innovation program sends a powerful message to region's business community that
Michigan is working together to reshape and grow our economy."

Government leaders' quotes about the Detroit Regional Chamber's Awarding of the
EDA funding for Open Innovation.

Governor Jennifer M. Granholm

"Part of our continuing efforts to diversify the state's economy and create jobs
is leveraging public-private partnerships to help Michigan companies flourish,"
said Governor Jennifer M. Granholm. "This Economic Development Administration
grant will help Michigan businesses diversify their markets, creating and
retaining jobs and stimulating new private investment."

Congressman John D. Dingell

"I applaud the EDA for awarding funding to the Detroit Regional Chamber, as they
have served as a critical partner in the effort to revitalize the Detroit
region. Today's award serves as a wonderful example of the job creating synergy
which business and government can produce. This pilot program, which will
provide companies with the resources they need to attract business from new
markets, will create 500 jobs, retain 200 jobs and leverage $10 million in
private investment. Detroit has recognized long before our neighbors that it
takes an all-hands-on-deck approach to attracting new business and creating jobs
in Michigan and no one has worked harder to do this than the Chamber," said
Congressman John D. Dingell.

U.S. Senator Debbie Stabenow

"By helping our manufacturers diversify into new industries, we will strengthen
our economy and create new jobs," said United States Senator Debbie Stabenow.
"This project will provide businesses across the Detroit region with the
resources they need to connect with other companies in new industries and help
them access new markets."

About the Detroit Regional Chamber

With over 20,000 members and affiliates, that employ over three quarters of a
million workers, the Detroit Regional Chamber is the largest Chamber of commerce
in the country. The Chamber's mission is carried out through business attraction
efforts, advocacy, strategic partnerships, valuable benefits and quality
products and services to members Published by HT Syndication with permission
from Right Vision News. For any query with respect to this article or any other
content requirement, please contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: October 3, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2010 Right Vision News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              947 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                              Daily the Pak Banker

                            October 2, 2010 Saturday

The Detroit Regional Chamber Receives U.S. Commerce Department's Economic
Development Administration (EDA) Grant

LENGTH: 754  words

DATELINE: Karachi


Karachi, Oct. 02 -- The Detroit Regional Chamber has been awarded a $725,842.00
grant from the U.S. Commerce Department's Economic Development Administration
(EDA) to fund an Open Innovation initiative. The Open Innovation Initiative will
focus on diversifying the Detroit region's economy beyond its traditional
automotive industry, by working to connect Detroit region companies with
resources to match them with new national and international markets and to build
industry clusters.

"The Economic Development Administration is pleased to partner with the Detroit
Regional Chamber to support this innovative pilot program that will work to
diversify the Detroit region's industrial capacity and boost its customer base,"
said U.S. Assistant Secretary of Commerce for Economic Development John
Fernandez. "Connecting the region's companies with new global customers will
spur critical job growth in Detroit."

"The EDA grant will allow the Chamber to provide the region's business community
with strategic opportunities for economic diversification. Open Innovation will
work with companies to help them identify business development opportunities in
several emerging industries including alternative energy, bio life sciences,
aerospace, defense, automotive and others," stated Barbara E. Allushuski,
chairman of the Detroit Regional Chamber Board of Directors and president, Right
Management Great Lakes Region. She continued, "This initiative will quickly move
the Detroit region's business community to build a broader customer base and
ultimately lead the region to a more diversified economy."

Positioning the project as a regional solution for economic diversification was
solidified by a local matching grant of $128,000.00, being provided by the New
Economy Initiative of Southeast Michigan (NEI). This commitment indicates a
collaborative support from government, business and philanthropy for this
important business development strategy.

"This award supports NEI's focus on building strong networks that support the
development of a more diverse, knowledge driven economy," said David Egner,
executive director of the New Economy Initiative. "Supporting the Chamber's Open
Innovation program sends a powerful message to region's business community that
Michigan is working together to reshape and grow our economy."

Government leaders' quotes about the Detroit Regional Chamber's Awarding of the
EDA funding for Open Innovation.

Governor Jennifer M. Granholm

"Part of our continuing efforts to diversify the state's economy and create jobs
is leveraging public-private partnerships to help Michigan companies flourish,"
said Governor Jennifer M. Granholm. "This Economic Development Administration
grant will help Michigan businesses diversify their markets, creating and
retaining jobs and stimulating new private investment."

Congressman John D. Dingell

"I applaud the EDA for awarding funding to the Detroit Regional Chamber, as they
have served as a critical partner in the effort to revitalize the Detroit
region. Today's award serves as a wonderful example of the job creating synergy
which business and government can produce. This pilot program, which will
provide companies with the resources they need to attract business from new
markets, will create 500 jobs, retain 200 jobs and leverage $10 million in
private investment. Detroit has recognized long before our neighbors that it
takes an all-hands-on-deck approach to attracting new business and creating jobs
in Michigan and no one has worked harder to do this than the Chamber," said
Congressman John D. Dingell.

U.S. Senator Debbie Stabenow

"By helping our manufacturers diversify into new industries, we will strengthen
our economy and create new jobs," said United States Senator Debbie Stabenow.
"This project will provide businesses across the Detroit region with the
resources they need to connect with other companies in new industries and help
them access new markets."

About the Detroit Regional Chamber

With over 20,000 members and affiliates, that employ over three quarters of a
million workers, the Detroit Regional Chamber is the largest Chamber of commerce
in the country. The Chamber's mission is carried out through business attraction
efforts, advocacy, strategic partnerships, valuable benefits and quality
products and services to members. Published by HT Syndication with permission
from Daily Pak Banker. For any query with respect to this article or any other
content requirement, please contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: October 3, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2010 Right Vision News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              948 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                  Carroll County Times (Westminster, Maryland)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           September 14, 2014 Sunday

Carroll County receives grant for the construction of Eldersburg-Sykesville
trail

BYLINE: Wiley Hayes, Carroll County Times, Westminster, Md.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 738 words


Sept. 14--Sykesville and Eldersburg are connected via Md. 32, as well as several
side streets and back roads, but trails designed for pedestrian and bicycle use
connecting the two areas are virtually nonexistent. Carroll County is fixing to
change that.

The county has been awarded a $131,600 grant from the Maryland Bikeways Program,
created by the Maryland Department of Transportation. The money will be used to
first design and then construct a trail that is to be named the Gov. Frank Brown
Trail, said Jeff Degitz, director of the Carroll County Department of Recreation
and Parks.

Brown, who served in the mid-1890s, was the only governor who was born in
Sykesville, Degitz said. He was also the original property owner where
Springfield Hospital Center and Fairhaven Retirement Center sit today.

"We thought that he was an excellent tie-in to local history, and we try to
promote local history wherever possible," he said.

The first phase is composed of three sections, Degitz said. The county will
begin by constructing a bike and pedestrian trail that connects both sections of
Macbeth Way -- one intersects with Md. 32, and the other intersects with Bonnie
Brae Road across from what will be the Eldersburg Commons shopping center.

The second section will consist of a connecting sidewalk between the existing
sidewalk near Macbeth Way and Md. 32 and the park-and-ride across from Haight
Funeral Home & Chapel. This section will also include a walking trail and a
70-foot bridge that will connect the two spots through the woods and across a
stream that lies between them.

A trail that connects the park-and-ride to the Springfield Hospital Center will
be the third and final section of the first phase. The trail will follow the
stream valley and connect to an existing service road used by hospital
maintenance staff. Unlike the first two sections, which are only to be used by
pedestrians and bicyclists, this third section will remain open to maintenance
staff where it connects with the existing service road.

This is the second grant the county has received for the trail, Degitz said. Two
years ago, a grant for $560,000 was received for a feasibility study and design
of the proposed course of the trail. During the past two years, the county has
met with various homeowner associations, businesses and the Springfield Hospital
Center to get their suggestions about the details of the project.

"We've spent several years, and held some public meetings, to determine the
needs of such a trail and what points to connect," Degitz said.

The county has also allocated funds in the fiscal year 2015 budget for the
trail. A total of $200,000 is being taken from funds accumulated by local impact
fees, which are gained when new developments occur. The money goes into a pot
that is used to accommodate the needs of the increased population, Degitz said.

He is expecting that the trail connecting both ends of Macbeth Way will cost
about $128,000 of the $200,000 but that figure is not exact.

"We have these three components, and we will try to bring [the cost] all in
under that total amount," he said. "By combining the grant and funds, we are
hoping that will be sufficient to get all that done."

Degitz said they were just notified of the second grant earlier this month and
that before any construction can begin a work plan has to be developed. Ideally,
he said, he would like to have this construction completed in a year.

"With the bid process, approvals and winter weather, our hope is next time in
spring or summer, construction will be underway if not completed," Degitz said.

There is the possibility that in the future other phases can be designed and
sections added, he said. One area that has been brought up in public meetings
has been downtown Sykesville. Residents have stressed an interest in creating a
trail that would enable people to visit Main Street without having to drive
there.

"We are hopeful there will be additional phases where we can work with
Sykesville to connect over to Slacks Road and Main Street as well," Degitz said.
"It [would be] a good thing for Sykesville because it would bring people to the
Main Street community."

Reach staff writer Wiley Hayes at 410-857-3315 or email him at
wiley.hayes@carrollcountytimes.com

___ (c)2014 the Carroll County Times (Westminster, Md.) Visit the Carroll County
Times (Westminster, Md.) at www.carrollcountytimes.com Distributed by MCT
Information Services

LOAD-DATE: September 14, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20140914-WX-Carroll-County-receives-grant
-for-the-construction-of-Eldersburg-Sykesville-trail-0914-20140914

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: WX


                      Copyright 2014 Carroll County Times


                              949 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                        Tribune-Review (Greensburg, PA)

                           December 3, 2011 Saturday

Blairsville celebrates end of Diamond Square intersection project

BYLINE: Jeff Himler

LENGTH: 1004 words


Officials gathered on Blairsville's West Market Street Friday evening to
celebrate the completion of the Diamond Square intersection project at Liberty
Street and advancements toward developing a river trail and riverfront village.

A ribbon-cutting ceremony in the southern Indiana County town marked completion
of a $2.5 million streetscaping project that has dressed up Blairsville's
downtown district with new brick sidewalks and pedestrian street lamps on Market
Street. As part of the project, the Diamond Square gained patterned pavement to
match the appearance of the brick walks, and it was expanded to allow traffic to
flow in a complete circle around the landmark bandstand at the center of the
intersection. Previously, motorists were prevented from making left turns.

The improvements were achieved with a grant the borough obtained through the
federally funded Pennsylvania Community Transportation Initiative. It
supplemented earlier state funding of nearly $1 million that paid for an initial
phase of streetscaping along a two-block section of Market.

Linda Gwinn, a board member of the borough-created Blairsville Community
Development Authority, credited the 10,000 Friends of Pennsylvania, an agency
that advocates for improvements in existing communities, with helping to develop
the PCTI program and bringing the funding opportunity to the attention of
Blairsville officials.

Grant Ervin of Pittsburgh, representing 10,000 Friends, said the aim of PCTI is
to "use transportation resources to help with community investments."

He said the highly competitive grant program attracted more than 400
applications during its initial round, including Blairsville's streetscaping
effort.

"Were proud to be a partner with Blairsville in developing this," Ervin said,
indicating Blairsville's successful project could serve as a example for other
potential applicants.

Gwinn noted the Market Street improvements are part of an effort to attract
visitors, new residents and small businesses to Blairsville by presenting it as
a "walkable community" that is friendly to pedestrians and bicyclists while
offering kayaking on the Conemaugh River at the southern and western edges of
the town.

"People want to locate where that type of recreation is available," she said.
"This amenity is priceless. We have it, and we're going to capitalize on it."

Yesterday's event also included a symbolic groundbreaking for the Blairsville
River Trail, a circular hiking and biking route that will connect the downtown
district to the river.

The two-mile trail has been in development for nearly a decade, beginning with a
master site plan for property near the river that the borough leases from the
U.S. Army Corps of Engineers. The borough has obtained approval of the trail
layout from the Army Corps and plans to construct it with the help of a $281,465
grant from the state Department of Conservation and Natural Resources.

A locally based federal unit, the 12th Congressional District Regional Equipment
Center has been tapped to complete the construction. Indiana County Parks and
Trails has agreed to maintain the new trail.

Blairsville Borough Manager Tim Evans said construction of the trail is planned
as soon as conditions permit. Sections of the trail route have been temporarily
inundated by water from the river.

Gwinn, a longtime trail advocate, said local officials hope eventually to link
Blairsville's trail loop to two neighboring regional rails-to-trails routes --
the Hoodlebug Trail, which also is managed by Indiana County Parks and Trails,
to the north and east, and the West Penn Trail, which leads west to Saltsburg
and is operated by the Conemaugh Valley Conservancy.

Indiana County, in cooperation with Blairsville, has applied for a $2.2 million
federal transportation grant to erect a bike and pedestrian bridge over Route 22
east of Blairsville as part of a proposed route that would connect the new
Blairsville trail to the current end of the Hoodlebug Trail near the Blairsville
public school campus.

Also yesterday, state Rep. Dave Reed, R-Indiana, announced approval of a $1
million grant to help clear the way for the Blairsville Community Development
Authority's proposed Blairsville Riverfront Village. The funding would help with
demolition of vacant buildings the authority owns at the west end of Market
Street in order to revitalize the area with "market rate" housing or a mixed-use
plan that also may include retail space.

According to a proposal for the project, the BCDA suggests up to 64 housing
units could be developed along West Market and on adjacent parcels. The plan
calls for a mix of single-family homes, duplexes and condominiums.

BCDA owns eight buildings in the targeted area, most of them part of the former
Vale Tech automotive school.

Gwinn said an agreement with a prospective developer of the properties is under
review -- as is an engineering consultant's proposal, which projects developing
about 10 housing units per year.

Gwinn said Blairsville's converging beautification, recreation and redevelopment
efforts are the result of "years and years of planning and thoughtful decisions
by the borough leaders that came before, as well as guidance from agencies and a
heap of support from people who have believed in Blairsville's potential."

Evans calculated that Blairsville has benefited from about $20 million in
improvement projects in recent years, also including state facade improvement
grants for downtown merchants, an expansion of the community's sewage treatment
plant and updating sanitary sewer lines to eliminate infiltration by storm
water.

During those projects, large sections of downtown Blairsville were under
construction, disrupting traffic patterns and parking amenities over the past
two years.

Evans praised citizens for their "understanding as we go through the changes
here in town."

"It's truly amazing," Evans said of the infrastructure improvements. "It all
adds up. It's been an incredible run, and we still have a little way to go."



LOAD-DATE: December 3, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                Copyright 2011 Tribune Review Publishing Company
                              All Rights Reserved


                              950 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                  Eastern Suburbs Reporter (Perth, Australia)

                            August 11, 2015 Tuesday
                                   1 Edition

Festival funding slashed

SECTION: Pg. 5

LENGTH: 323  words


A music workshop at the Balga Community Connect held May 2015.

LOWER than expected attendance at the inaugural Balga Community Connect Festival
has resulted in its funding for next years event being slashed.

Organisers Community Connect received $12,000 for the event, which was held in
May. They had also asked for $15,000 towards next years festival.

But the City has only approved $7000.

Stirling Community Development manager Trevor Holland said funding was cut
because festival attendance was lower than predicted.

The grant of $12,000 was based on a predicted attendance of 4000 to 6000 people,
Mr Holland said.

However, this event attracted 2000 people, he said.

A council report says the event was successful, well-attended and promoted
inclusion. The event included local refugee and indigenous performers, market
stalls, multicultural food stalls and childrens workshops.

Balga Ward Councillor David Boothman said Balga would work closely with the City
to further promote the event though letterbox drops and local advertising
despite the funding cut.

A number of the residents I spoke to told me they had no

knowledge of the event,

Cr Boothman said.

A spokeswoman from Community Connect declined to comment as she is waiting for
information from the City.

Other flagship events received the amounts they applied for.

Funding applications for flagship events are assessed on a range of criteria
including community need, community benefit, accessibility, financial need,
financial contribution, city acknowledgement and experience.

The City endorsed $87,000 for Cultural Development Fund Flagship Events in the
2015-16 budget.

Mr Holland said the City would be considering further funding applications on a
year-round basis for the balance of funding available, which will be distributed
to community and not-for-profit groups.

Stirling approved $30,000 for the 2015 Beaufort Street Festival, which will also
get $75,000 from the City of Vincent.

LOAD-DATE: August 10, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: CES


                   Copyright 2015 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              951 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                 The Oklahoman

                            December 6, 2005 Tuesday
                                  City Edition

DEDICATION;
OU adds space for biomedical research work

BYLINE: Staff Reports

SECTION: BUSINESS; TECH BYTES; Pg. 2B

LENGTH: 560 words


More than 122,100 square feet of new, state-of-the-art, biomedical laboratory
space will be unveiled as the University of Oklahoma Health Sciences Center
dedicates Phase II of the Stanton L. Young Biomedical Research Center at 11 a.m.
Wednesday, officials said.

OU President David L. Boren will preside during the dedication ceremony and
ribbon-cutting in the lobby of the Biomedical Research Center at 975 NE 10.

The $37.9 million project was funded in large part through grants from the
Presbyterian Health Foundation and the University Hospitals Trust.

IN OTHER NEWS

AT&T grant goes for wireless network

An Ada school for people with developmental disabilities has received a $25,000
grant from the AT&T Foundation to buy and install a wireless network that will
connect computers in 16 buildings, officials said.

With the grant from AT&T's philanthropic arm, McCall's Chapel School in Ada will
connect computers in 12 cottages and four other buildings, providing them with
high speed Internet access and e-mail capabilities, said Nina Honeyman, McCall's
chief executive officer.

Located east of Ada on 196 acres, McCall's teaches life, social, and vocational
skills to 142 men and women who live on the campus.

Ponca City hospital owner intends sale

Wichita-based Via Christi Health System has signed a letter of intent to sell
its Via Christi Oklahoma Regional Medical Center in Ponca City to a Nashville,
Tenn., health care system, officials said.

In a news release, Via Christi said Community Health Systems agreed to buy the
Ponca City hospital for an undisclosed amount. The sale is expected to close in
early 2006.

Via Christi's Westminster Village senior living facility in Ponca City is not
part of the sale and will remain part of the Via Christi Health System.

Via Christi Oklahoma Regional Medical Center has 140 beds, 294 full time and 134
part-time employees.

Cingular promotes push-to-talk feature

Cingular is expanding its wireless telephone service into territory once
controlled by Nextel, officials said. Cingular calls its new service 'push
to-talk.'

Cingular's push-to-talk service will operate across what it claims to be the
largest push-to-talk coverage area in America and brings a host of new features,
including icons to see whether other push-to-talk customers are available; a
feature to let subscribers make instant push-to-talk calls to a large group; and
a "convert to-cellular" feature that converts a call to a regular wireless call.

Local TV weather comes to cell phones

Weathernews is bringing Gary England to cell phones.

The company is offering what it claims is the first and only mobile Java
application to incorporate MPEG 4 video technology bringing the weathercasts of
local broadcast stations to subscribers' cell phones, officials said.

NewsOK.com partner KWTV News9 is among the first stations offering content
through the Weathernews Network service, officials said.

In a news release, the company said its Weathernews Network allows subscribers
to watch personalized video feeds of local weather news and conditions from
their local broadcasters right from their cell phone.

Initially compatible with Sprint PCS multimedia phones, the Weathernews Network
is being called the first "Local Mobile Video Network."

Priced at a monthly subscription rate of $4.99, the service is available to
Sprint customers immediately.

LOAD-DATE: December 7, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2005 The Oklahoman, All Rights Reserved


                              952 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             March 27, 2015 Friday

USPTO grants trade mark "CELEB CONNECT" to Kirusa, Inc. CORPORATION (NEW JERSEY)

LENGTH: 219  words

DATELINE: Alexandria


Kirusa, Inc. CORPORATION (NEW JERSEY), has been granted trademark (4709787)
titled as "CELEB CONNECT" from the United States Patent and Trademark Office.

Status: Registered

Class/es: IC 042. US 100 101. G & S: Computer services, namely, creating an
on-line community for registered users to participate in discussions, get
feedback from their peers, form virtual communities, and engage in social
networking services in the field of politics, sports, religion and media;
Computer services, namely, creating an on-line community for registered users to
form virtual communities, engage in social networking, interact and connect with
each other; Computer services, namely, hosting on-line web facilities for others
for organizing and conducting online meetings, gatherings, and interactive
discussions; Computer services, namely, interactive hosting services which allow
the users to publish and share their own content and images on-line; Creating an
on-line community for mobile users and celebrities for the purpose of forming
virtual communities, engaging in social networking, and interacting and
connecting with each other; Hosting an on-line community web site featuring
virtual communities and social networking platforms for getting connected to
notable personalities and celebrities. FIRST USE: 20131114.

Filing

LOAD-DATE: March 28, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              953 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                     Nanaimo Daily News (British Columbia)

                              July 4, 2011 Monday
                                 Final Edition

Orthodontist encourages active students; Third annual bursary donation gives
$6,000 to Nanaimo-Ladysmith Schools Foundation athletic awards

BYLINE: Danielle Bell, The Daily News

SECTION: NANAIMO REGION; Danielle Bell; Pg. A4

LENGTH: 501  words


A Nanaimo orthodontist is helping kids enjoy the camaraderie of sports.

For the third year, Dr. John Pappel has donated $6,000 to the Nanaimo-Ladysmith
Schools Foundation for athletic awards to encourage students to continue their
athletic pursuits.

Six of the local secondary schools in the district received $1,000 to distribute
to one boy and girl athlete in grades eight to 12.

The students are selected based on their scholastic achievement and team
involvement throughout the year by the athletic directors at the school.

The awards were distributed at the end of this year to the students.

Pappel has been serving the Nanaimo community for more than two decades and
enjoys helping students pursue athletics.

DONATIONS HELP STUDENTS LEARN TO RECORD, PRODUCE

A Nanaimo music program that helps connect with at-risk youth has been awarded
$25,000 through the Keg's Thanks A Million campaign.

Tune In has developed into a weekly program that boasts a fully operational
youth band called Twisted Elements.

The program began with a handful of youth coming by the Nanaimo Youth Services
Association to hang out.

It now helps up to 25 young people who come learn how a Professional band or
recording artist works.

The goal of the music program is to connect with young people who may otherwise
not have a chance at such an opportunity.

It aims to help kids experiencing difficulty in their lives or perhaps had
dropped out of school or are new to the country.

The goal is for the program to help young people realize that music can be a
universal language.

Program participants have played at several fundraisers in the community but the
program is in need of new instruments and a sound system, among other
initiatives.

The $25,000 grant was awarded to Tune In based on a voting system.

Hundreds of thousands of votes across the country were cast to decide 40 Thanks
A Million grant recipients.

Since its inception in 2001, The Keg Spirit Foundation has raised over $5.5
million for more than 300 youth focused charities whose programs mirror the
mentorship that The Keg Steakhouse & Bar has provided to so many young staff
since 1971.

ROTARY THROWS LIFELINE TO NANAIMO CHARITABLE FUND

Nanaimo Rotarians continued their far-reaching helping hand with a gift to
Nanaimo Lifeline.

The Rotary Club of Nanaimo donated $2,000 to Nanaimo Lifeline, which will go
toward it's Silent Guardian Fund.

The fund helps medically-at-risk individuals stay at home longer.

Lifeline is a personal emergency response services that provides an alarm to
those determined to live at home despite medical issues.

While the service is affordable to many, there are some that find the additional
cost beyond their financial ability, which is when Silent Guardians step in.

The Silent Guardian Fund helps support those unable to afford the service,
giving peace of mind to family and friends.

We want to hear from you. Send comments on this story to
letters@nanaimodailynews.com.Letters must include daytime phone number and
hometown.

dbell@nanaimodailynews.com

LOAD-DATE: July 4, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:
Photo: Daily News File Photo; Orthodontist Dr. John Pappel  checks the progress
of a patient's braces. Pappel has given $6,000  to Nanaimo students to encourage
their athletic development.;

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Column

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2011 Nanaimo Daily News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              954 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                    The Wilson Daily Times (North Carolina)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                           February 23, 2016 Tuesday

N.C. Spin host talks about bond, jobs

BYLINE: Rochelle Moore, The Wilson Daily Times, N.C.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 581 words


Feb. 23--North Carolina has a history of building roads, universities, public
schools and infrastructure to better the economy, the founder and host of "NC
Spin" told Wilson Rotarians Monday.

Tom Campbell, creator, producer and moderator of the "NC Spin" television talk
show, promoted the benefits of the $2 billion Connect N.C. bond that will be
voted on statewide March 15.

"We have a rich heritage in North Carolina of providing roads and schools and
water and sewer systems, universities and community colleges through
voter-approved financing," Campbell said. "These were all economic engines to
better our state."

Campbell listed some of the state's financing projects, including the 1795
founding of the first state supported public university, the University of North
Carolina at Chapel Hill. In the 1850s, the construction of more than 500 miles
of plank roads was paid for through tolls, and in 1921, a $21 million bond paid
for the construction and paving of 5,000 miles of roads.

Campbell said the state has fallen behind in maintaining infrastructure, a
problem "exacerbated" by the state's increasing population, which places more
demand on services.

"We have fallen badly behind in both maintaining and building new
infrastructure," Campbell said. "These needs are so large that there's no way in
the world that our state or our local communities can pay for them on a
pay-as-you-go basis.

"We are a 21st century state with a mid-20th century public infrastructure.
Seventy six of our 100 counties are going to directly benefit from these bond
proceeds."

The Connect N.C. bond is proposed to provide $980 million to state universities,
$350 million to community colleges, $312.5 million for water, sewer and local
parks, $179 million for agriculture, $100 million for parks and the N.C. Zoo,
and $78.5 million for the National Guard and public safety.

The bulk of the bond will go toward STEM education and two-thirds will provide
funding for higher education.

The bond will provide Wilson Community College with $6.9 million, which WCC
president Tim Wright said will primarily go toward the development of the new
Lee Campus.

The bond also includes $309.5 million for existing water and sewer
infrastructure projects, with $100 million in grant funding and the remainder in
loans.

"Some reports say we have more substandard public water systems in this state
than any state in the country," Campbell said. "This is especially true in rural
areas of North Carolina."

The Connect N.C. bond does not include a tax increase, and the debt will be paid
off in 20 to 25 years.

Campbell spoke during Monday's Wilson Rotary Club meeting, at Something
Different restaurant. He fielded questions about presidential and state
elections and the eastern North Carolina economy.

Campbell said major industries are not likely to locate in rural eastern North
Carolina.

"Everybody likes to cut the ribbon for these big manufacturing plants that are
bringing in 300 to 500 to 1,000 jobs," Campbell said. "The truth of the matter
is seven out of every 10 new jobs that are created in our state come from small
businesses, and they come from businesses like mine that add a person or two
people. That's how it's going to work.

"Let's go to work strengthening these businesses that we already have in our
area."

rochelle@wilsontimes.com -- 265-7818

___ (c)2016 The Wilson Daily Times (Wilson, N.C.) Visit The Wilson Daily Times
(Wilson, N.C.) at www.wilsontimes.com Distributed by Tribune Content Agency,
LLC.

LOAD-DATE: February 24, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20160223-ZW-N-C-Spin-host-talks-about-bond-jobs-0223-20160223

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: ZW


                     Copyright 2016 The Wilson Daily Times


                              955 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                    The Wilson Daily Times (North Carolina)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                           February 23, 2016 Tuesday

N.C. Spin host talks about bond, jobs

BYLINE: Rochelle Moore, The Wilson Daily Times, N.C.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 581 words


Feb. 23--North Carolina has a history of building roads, universities, public
schools and infrastructure to better the economy, the founder and host of "NC
Spin" told Wilson Rotarians Monday.

Tom Campbell, creator, producer and moderator of the "NC Spin" television talk
show, promoted the benefits of the $2 billion Connect N.C. bond that will be
voted on statewide March 15.

"We have a rich heritage in North Carolina of providing roads and schools and
water and sewer systems, universities and community colleges through
voter-approved financing," Campbell said. "These were all economic engines to
better our state."

Campbell listed some of the state's financing projects, including the 1795
founding of the first state supported public university, the University of North
Carolina at Chapel Hill. In the 1850s, the construction of more than 500 miles
of plank roads was paid for through tolls, and in 1921, a $21 million bond paid
for the construction and paving of 5,000 miles of roads.

Campbell said the state has fallen behind in maintaining infrastructure, a
problem "exacerbated" by the state's increasing population, which places more
demand on services.

"We have fallen badly behind in both maintaining and building new
infrastructure," Campbell said. "These needs are so large that there's no way in
the world that our state or our local communities can pay for them on a
pay-as-you-go basis.

"We are a 21st century state with a mid-20th century public infrastructure.
Seventy six of our 100 counties are going to directly benefit from these bond
proceeds."

The Connect N.C. bond is proposed to provide $980 million to state universities,
$350 million to community colleges, $312.5 million for water, sewer and local
parks, $179 million for agriculture, $100 million for parks and the N.C. Zoo,
and $78.5 million for the National Guard and public safety.

The bulk of the bond will go toward STEM education and two-thirds will provide
funding for higher education.

The bond will provide Wilson Community College with $6.9 million, which WCC
president Tim Wright said will primarily go toward the development of the new
Lee Campus.

The bond also includes $309.5 million for existing water and sewer
infrastructure projects, with $100 million in grant funding and the remainder in
loans.

"Some reports say we have more substandard public water systems in this state
than any state in the country," Campbell said. "This is especially true in rural
areas of North Carolina."

The Connect N.C. bond does not include a tax increase, and the debt will be paid
off in 20 to 25 years.

Campbell spoke during Monday's Wilson Rotary Club meeting, at Something
Different restaurant. He fielded questions about presidential and state
elections and the eastern North Carolina economy.

Campbell said major industries are not likely to locate in rural eastern North
Carolina.

"Everybody likes to cut the ribbon for these big manufacturing plants that are
bringing in 300 to 500 to 1,000 jobs," Campbell said. "The truth of the matter
is seven out of every 10 new jobs that are created in our state come from small
businesses, and they come from businesses like mine that add a person or two
people. That's how it's going to work.

"Let's go to work strengthening these businesses that we already have in our
area."

rochelle@wilsontimes.com -- 265-7818

___ (c)2016 The Wilson Daily Times (Wilson, N.C.) Visit The Wilson Daily Times
(Wilson, N.C.) at www.wilsontimes.com Distributed by Tribune Content Agency,
LLC.

LOAD-DATE: February 24, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20160223-ZW-N-C-Spin-host-talks-about-bond-jobs-0223-20160223

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: ZW


                     Copyright 2016 The Wilson Daily Times


                              956 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       Sarasota Herald Tribune (Florida)

                           December 8, 2016 Thursday

$50K to help extend corridor | Grant is for land appraisals, studies

BYLINE: Staff Report

SECTION: B; FL News; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 419 words


THE LEGACY TRAIL

SARASOTA COUNTY - The Trust for Public Land has received a $50,000 grant from
Gulf Coast Community Foundation to help extend The Legacy Trail into downtown
Sarasota, the trust announced Wednesday.

The money will help pay for appraisals, surveys, environmental studies and other
expenses needed to advance the proposed acquisition of approximately eight miles
of rail corridor for the extension.

Once the acquisition is complete, Sarasota County officials plan to build a
pedestrian and bike path connecting downtown Sarasota to the existing Legacy
Trail, which ends south of the Sarasota city limit.

The trail is used by more than 120,000 people annually. Together with
connections to the Venetian Waterway Park and the Carlton-Myakkahatchee Trail,
The Legacy Trail extension project will connect Sarasota with Venice and North
Port in southern Sarasota County.

The trail improves off road access to many landmark attractions in Sarasota
County, including Siesta Beach; Nathan Benderson Park, (home of the 2017 World
Rowing Championships); Ed Smith Stadium (spring training facility for the
Baltimore Orioles); and the Youth Athletic Complex (an Olympic BMX training
facility).

Extending The Legacy Trail into downtown Sarasota is a priority of the city and
county commissions, but the extension has been slow going. The next step is to
identify funding for the estimated $30 million cost and negotiate with CSX and
Seminole Gulf railroad companies for the trail along or on the tracks.

County officials continue to discuss additional internal funding options, which
could include surtax, gas tax, mobility fees, the neighborhood parkland
acquisition program and tourist development tax funding, county spokesman Jason
Bartolone said.

"With this grant from Gulf Coast, The Trust for Public Land can leverage it with
our own and those of other private and public partners who support bringing The
Legacy Trail into the vibrant heart of Sarasota. The downtown extension will
expand recreational opportunities for thousands of families and neighborhoods,
and bring additional tourism revenue to our area," said Doug Hattaway, Senior
Project Manager for The Trust for Public Land.

"The Legacy Trail is for everyone, and the benefits of extending it are numerous
and well documented," said Mark Pritchett, president and CEO of Gulf Coast
Community Foundation. "When the project is complete, it will expand fitness
options, preserve parkland, provide an economic development draw, and better
connect our communities."

LOAD-DATE: December 9, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: More than 400 cyclists took part in 2015's Tour de Parks event
sponsored by Friends of the Legacy Trail. H-T ARCHIVE / THOMAS BECNEL / 2015

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 Sarasota Herald-Tribune Co.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              957 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                            South Wales Evening Post

                              May 12, 2015 Tuesday

Lottery fund boosts mental illness work

SECTION: NEWS:OTHER; Pg. 20-21

LENGTH: 415  words


AN organisation working with individuals recovering from serious mental illness,
and their families, has received a £223,621 Big Lottery Fund boost.

Hafal, based at the old Gellinudd Hospital in Pontardawe, is one of 12 projects
to share £3,094,494 from the  People and Places programme.

Hafal's allocation will allow it to deliver Connect for Recovery, a new
pan-Wales service for, and run by, people with a serious mental illness and
their carers, with the support of National Centre for Mental Health.

The aim of the project will be to reduce loneliness and social isolation by
allowing patients and their carers to reach out to existing support networks of
people in similar situations.

An estimated 1,350 individuals will benefit from the grant.

Chief executive Alun Thomas said: "We are thrilled to receive funding from the
Big Lottery Fund to fund this groundbreaking project which will use harness
technology to reduce the loneliness and isolation experienced by people with a
mental illness, and their carers in Wales.

"Connect for Recovery will be a new service for and run by people with a mental
illness and their carers in Wales. It will provide the opportunity to link up
and connect with others in the same situation -- both virtually via an online
community, and in person by linking into existing local networks of users and
carers."

"With our partners at the National Centre for Mental Health we will create a
safe, accessible and supportive Wales-wide community of people with a mental
illness and their carers which will provide users with support, friendship and a
sense of connectedness.

"The Connect for Recovery virtual community will be accessible via the internet
and a smart phone app, and will be made available at a number of community
venues across Wales. The online community will include a safe, regulated
supported forum where users can create a profile, connect with others, comment
on a number of threads and make friends. This project will break down barriers
and bring people together. We can't wait to start."

Other projects to benefit across Wales means more opportunities for youngsters
and support for people with complex medical conditions.

Across the whole of Wales, the Macular Disease Society will use £348,272 to
introduce volunteer-led services that will reduce isolation and improve
independence for people with macular disease, an age-related illness that
affects eyesight. Services and activities will include befriending services and
support groups.

LOAD-DATE: May 11, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: asdasdasd
asdasd

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                           Copyright 2015 Localworld
                              All Rights Reserved


                              958 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                             Windsor Star (Ontario)

                              June 25, 2012 Monday
                                 Final Edition

Regional initiative attracts retirees; Has brought $225 million in investments

BYLINE: Dave Hall, The Windsor Star

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. C7

LENGTH: 466 words


Since it was launched four years ago in an effort to attract active retirees to
the region, a local community initiative has helped attract more than $225
million in real estate investment and 885 new families from across Canada.

In addition, the Windsor-Essex Active Retirement Community Initiative has
received a commitment from the Windsor Family Credit Union for $40,000 in
marketing funds over the next three years and a $25,000 New Horizons grant from
the federal government to help connect new residents through social engagement
and volunteering.

For Jon and Shirley Hitchcock, two retirees from Sun Life Financial, the
decision to move from Toronto to Amherstburg four years ago was the result of a
two-year search.

"We wanted a place close to the border because we like to go south, close to
water or golf courses, a place with a sense of community and all the attributes
of city life without actually being a city," said Jon Hitchcock.

"We chose Amherstburg and we've never regretted it," he added. "We like the
wineries, the golf courses and it's flat so we can cycle if we want to."

Launched by the Windsor-Essex County Real Estate Board, the Greater Windsor
Homebuilders Association and the Windsor Essex Regional Chamber of Commerce, the
100-Mile Peninsula program has been successful in attracting active retirees by
pointing out the area's assets and low cost of living.

"We've been following the progress of this initiative since its inception in
2008 and believe that the vision will create unprecedented social and economic
opportunities for the Windsor-Essex region and surrounding communities," said
Marty Komsa, WFCU CEO.

Komsa said his organization will also provide in-kind support through committee
representation and participation in marketing initiatives.

Shirley Hitchcock said making friends has been easy because "people are so
welcoming and friendly.

"The pace of life is just what we needed and we love the weather," she said. "I
don't think people who have lived here all their lives realize what a gem they
have here."

And for her husband, there's an added bonus because "there are sports team here
that know how to win."

The federal grant will be used to help establish the 100 Mile Peninsula Club, a
new retiree-run program intended to connect new residents, foster social
engagement and encourage volunteering area-wide.

Krista Del Gatto, president of WEARCI and executive director of the real estate
board, said the funding would allow the organization to continue attracting
active retirees with a variety of initiatives.

This year, they'll include a RetireHere wine and cheese show in Toronto and
perhaps bus trips bringing prospective retirees to the region.

"We couldn't be more satisfied with how it's worked for us so far and we intend
to keep doing it," said Del Gatto.

LOAD-DATE: June 25, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Dan Janisse, Windsor Star; Jon and Shirley Hitchcock pose in their
Amherstburg home. They decided to move to the area from Toronto four years ago
after a two-year search.;

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 2012 Windsor Star, a division of CanWest MediaWorks Publication Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              959 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                East York Mirror

                             January 9, 2017 Monday
                                 Final Edition

Cultural Hotspot to shine a light on east Toronto arts scene

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 558  words


For years, the general perception was that Toronto's arts scene was concentrated
in the downtown core.

That misconception has recently been laid to rest, however, with the City of
Toronto's Cultural Hotspot program, which shines a light on culture, community
and the arts in the city's suburban areas.

Having already highlighted Scarborough, North York and Etobicoke over the past
three years, the program is set to focus on East York and east-end Toronto from
May to October, 2017.

The aim of the Cultural Hotspot is "to highlight the diverse neighbourhoods
outside of the city's core," said City of Toronto manager of Arts Services, Arts
and Culture Nadira Pattison at a meeting held at Community Centre 55 on
Thursday, Jan. 5.

"In 2017, the Cultural Hotspot is going to bring cultural activities, art
activities, workshops, exhibitions, performances and legacy projects to the
hotspot neighbourhoods, with an emphasis on youth employment and mentorship,
community building, artistic excellence and local business engagement," she
said.

The 2017 Cultural Hotspot will be bounded by Bayview Avenue, Victoria Park
Avenue, Eglinton Avenue and the lakeshore, and it will help bring new attention
to the area while serving as a catalyst for new partnerships.

"We want (those in the arts and culture community) to meet with other people,"
Pattison said. "In the past, we've seen BIAs connect with environmental groups,
we've seen artists connect with other potential partners, and these
relationships have continued long after the hotspots have ended."

A legacy project will see the creation of a guide highlighting the artistic and
cultural destinations in the area, while SPARK grants will provide funding to
selected projects and initiatives.

The Cultural Hotspot will benefit artists by providing more exposure to a wider
audience than they might normally have, said City of Toronto Community Cultural
Coordinator Andrea Raymond-Wong.

"We will run a marketing campaign that will highlight what's happening over six
months with a program brochure, with social media, with an ad campaign," she
said. "In addition to that, we encourage new projects and partnerships to happen
over those six months to make the hotspot a little hotter over that time."

Raymond-Wong noted the SPARK funding will go toward select projects from artists
who attend one of two information sessions taking place from 3 to 5 or 6 to 8
p.m. on Thursday, Jan. 12 at the Main Street Library. The Cultural Hotspot team
will also help individuals and organizations with grant writing proposals for
other works.

SPARK funding is from the city and is designed specifically to support arts and
culture initiatives.

Because the Cultural Hotspot meeting was well-attended by artists and
representatives from local organizations, ideas quickly began percolating.
Artists volunteered their services, local churches and other venues offered
space and guests shared ideas they were hoping to see become part of the
Hotspot, from a kite festival to mural initiatives to musical and theatrical
activations in the Don Valley and in local parks.

For more information about the East York Cultural Hotspot, visit
www.culturalhotspot.ca. Those interested in getting involved can also contact
Pattison at nadira.pattison@toronto.ca or 416-338-1263, or Raymond-Wong at
andrea.raymond-wong@toronto.ca or 416-338-2469.

LOAD-DATE: January 12, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2017 Toronto Star Newspapers, Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              960 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                  Bucks Herald

                            April 30, 2014 Wednesday

Tweet this street! Builders show off handiwork on £8m link road as part of
government project

LENGTH: 292  words


Contractors building a road to connect two Aylesbury housing estates have shown
off their handiwork on Twitter as part of a government campaign to highlight
infrastructure projects across the country.

The Building Britain campaign invited construction industry members to show off
their progress on Twitter by using the hashtag #buildingbritain.

The £8 million Western Link road will connect new community Berryfields on the
outskirts of Aylesbury with Buckingham Park, on the north-western edge of the
town.

Kier Infrastructure, which is working on the new 2.2 kilometre road, took a
photo of progress so far and posted it on the social media website.

Kier Infrastructure project manager Nick Dobbie said: "Construction of the link
road is going very well. We are now at the stage where we are beginning to lay
the surfacing and tidy the grass verges ahead of the road opening.

"The Berryfields link road is one of many vital infrastructure schemes being
constructed across the country and we wanted to get involved with the Building
Britain campaign to highlight this essential project."

Work began on the link road in June last year and it's set to open this summer.
The project has been funded completely by the Berryfields Consortium of
developers, which includes Taylor Wimpey South Midlands, Martin Grant Homes,
Kier Homes and Banner Homes.

Consortium project manager Stuart Grant said: "The Western Link Road is a vital
infrastructure project for our new community at Berryfields and we are looking
forward to the opening of the road this summer."

The Berryfields estate already has two state-of-the-art schools, The Aylesbury
Vale Academy and Berryfields Primary School, which opened last year and there
are also plans for a second primary school.

LOAD-DATE: April 30, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: MCBH


                       Copyright 2014 Johnston Press Plc
                              All Rights Reserved


                              961 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                    The Daily Oklahoman (Oklahoma City, OK)

                             April 14, 2013 Sunday
                                 Drive Edition

COX NOW ACCEPTING COMMUNITY GRANT APPLICATIONS FOR NONPROFITS

BYLINE: Compiled by Lillie-Beth Brinkman, Assistant Features Editor

SECTION: LIFE; NONPROFITS IN BRIEF; Pg. 2D

LENGTH: 777 words


The Cox Connects Foundation is now accepting applications for the Cox Connects
Community Investment Grants.  Applications will be accepted through May 1. The
grants are designed to assist 501(c)(3) organizations that provide outstanding
programs that benefit the Oklahoma City and Tulsa-metro Cox Communications
service areas. Funds are targeted toward nonprofit programs that focus on
education, technology, social issues and the arts. For more information about
the Cox Connects Foundation or to apply, go online to www.coxconnectsok.com.

Museum elects board members

The Oklahoma Heritage Association and Gaylord-Pickens Museum elected Nevyle R.
Cable, of Okmulgee, as its board chairman in March. Cable will serve as chairman
through March 2015. Cable is president and chief executive officer of the First
National Bank and Trust Company of Okmulgee. Joe Moran, of Tulsa, will serve as
chair elect of the board. For more information about the Association and Museum,
call 235.4458 or visit www.oklahomaheritage.com.

Nominations open for nonprofit leaders and visionaries

The Oklahoma Center for Nonprofits is in the process of selecting the honorees
for the 2013 Visions event and is welcoming nominations.

The center is looking for nonprofit leaders and visionary innovators from across
Oklahoma who have identified social issues, found creative solutions and
inspired others to join them in helping a nonprofit organization bring positive
change.

Submit your nomination by email to jtrudgeon@hartzoglaw.com or in writing by
April 30 to Jon H. Trudgeon, Visions Selection Committee Chair, Hartzog Conger
Cason & Neville, 201 Robert S. Kerr Avenue, 1600 Bank of Oklahoma Plaza,
Oklahoma City, OK 73102. For information, go online to
oklahomacenterfornonprofits.org.

Myriad Botanical Gardens  Gala names co-chairman

State Sen. David Holt, R-Oklahoma City, is the new co-chairman for the June 20
gala celebrating the 25th anniversary of the Myriad Botanical Gardens. Event
chairman Linda Haneborg made the recent announcement along with information
about the gala, which will begin at 6:30 p.m. with a Champagne reception for
sponsors and dinner at 8 on the Great Lawn of the gardens, 301 W Reno. Event
tickets begin at $125 and are available by calling 445-7080. For more
information, go online to  www.myriadgardens.org.

'Great Cloth Diaper Change'  will be Saturday for Earth Day

Cloth Diaper Oklahoma will host the Oklahoma City site of an international cloth
diaper-changing event  at 11 a.m. Saturday at Science Museum Oklahoma, 2100 NE
52. The event seeks to break last year's Guinness World Record of 8,251 cloth
diapers changed around the world at one time. There will also be various event
booths set up from 9 a.m. to noon featuring natural and green living companies,
local businesses and family-friendly activities. For more information or to
participate, call 290-8862 or visit www.clothdiaperoklahoma.org,
www.Facebook.com/GreatClothDiaperChange, and on Twitter at
www.Twitter.com/ClothRecord.

Businesses band together  to fight hunger with food drive

The Regional Food Bank of Oklahoma invites metro-area businesses to join the
fight against hunger by participating in the Feeding Hope and Letter Carriers'
Food and Fund Drive.  The drive kicks off April 29 and runs through May 24. The
Regional Food Bank provides boxes, posters, a food drive guide, an online
donation form, and other resources for participants.  To participate,  sign up
online at regionalfoodbank.org or contact Samantha Wilson at
swilson@regionalfoodbank.org or 600-3143.

Humane society, Science Museum Oklahoma to host adopt a friend

The Central Oklahoma Humane Society and Science Museum Oklahoma are hosting
Saturday's Adopt a Friend, a community pet adoption event from noon to 4 p.m. at
Science Museum Oklahoma, 2100 NE 52. Discounted adoption fees are $25. All
adoptable pets at will be spayed/neutered, microchipped and up to date on age
appropriate vaccines before the event. For more information, go online
www.okhumane.org.

OKC fights hunger with contest

Through the month of April, the Oklahoma City community is in a race to secure
grants to help fight hunger locally. To help, go online through April 30 to
Walmart's Fighting Hunger Together page at www.walmart.com/hunger and search for
the Regional Food Bank of Oklahoma to vote. The top 40 Feeding America Food
Banks will receive $45,000 each and the top 60 Feeding America Agencies will
receive $20,000 each.

Compiled by Lillie-Beth Brinkman, Assistant Features Editor. Please email
nonprofit news to  lbrinkman@opubco.com and items for consideration in the
Social Scene column to Peggy Gandy at  pgandy@opubco.com


LOAD-DATE: April 15, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2013 The Daily Oklahoman, All Rights Reserved


                              962 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          The Tampa Tribune (Florida)

                           January 31, 2009 Saturday
                                 FINAL EDITION

Dade City Eyes Water, Sewer Rates

BYLINE: LAURA KINSLER, lkinsler@tampatrib.com

SECTION: PASCO; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 786 words


Connection fees would soar, and people outside town would be the hardest-hit.

By LAURA KINSLER

lkinsler@tampatrib.com

DADE CITY - The city commission introduced a plan Tuesday to raise water and
sewer rates this year and quadruple the cost for new customers to connect to the
system.

The new rates will mean city residents likely will see their bills go up a few
dollars a month, but customers outside the city will take a bigger hit. They
will be charged 25 percent higher rates, meter fees, deposits and connection
fees.

"The average customer's bill will go up $5.46 a month," City Manager Billy Poe
said. "It could have been a lot worse."

Poe said the city needs to raise its rates and impact fees to pay for
improvements to the utility lines and for a future expansion of the wastewater
treatment plant. The city won $16 million in grants to help pay for the
improvements.

"Otherwise, we'd be talking about a $20 or $30 increase," he said.

The higher impact fees could reduce the number of property owners who connect to
the new utility lines - especially in low-income areas such as Tommytown, where
Pasco County is installing city utilities in a 60-block area.

The impact fee for a new single-family home would go from $1,185 under the
current rate structure to $5,264. Water and sewer connection fees would go from
$675 to $812 for new customers outside the city.

Poe said the city would make an exception for Tommytown customers. "We're going
to grandfather that project in," he said. "We have an interlocal agreement with
the county for Tommytown. We'll end up having to take a loss on that."

George Romagnoli, Pasco County's community development manager, said the county
had planned to offer grants that would pay the fees for Tommytown homeowners.
Those grants would only be available for homesteaded properties. The majority of
properties in Tommytown are not homesteaded, and those owners would be subject
to the higher fees.

Romagnoli said he understands the city's plight and its need to raise impact
fees. The proposed fees are comparable to the fees charged by Pasco County, he
said.

"Dade City is the poorest community in the county; they have the worst budget
situation," he said. "I can't really complain about the impact fees."

Margarita Romo, director of Farmworkers Self-Help in Tommytown, said the timing
could not be worse for the poverty-stricken neighborhood, which is just outside
the city.

"Most of the people in this community don't have that kind of money," she said.

The higher impact fees also will have a significant effect on several
residential developments that are on the books or just getting under way near
the city. City Attorney Karla Owens said that most developers have known about
the fee increases for years.

But Earl Pfeiffer, executive director of Florida Home Partnership, said he had
no warning. His nonprofit organization is planning to build 40 homes in Sunset
Hills, a community on 21st Street targeting low-income families.

"This is all news to me," Pfeiffer said.

The fact that the 25-acre neighborhood is being developed with city utilities
was supposed to be a selling point. The higher fees might price some buyers out
of the market.

"It will severely impact the clients we serve," Pfeiffer said. "Every thousand
that gets added to the cost of a house makes it that much harder for low-income
families to qualify."

Owens said homebuilders and developers can pay their impact fees now, even if
they are not planning to build right away, to lock in the lower rates.

"We may have to go ahead and prepay a bunch of taps in advance," Pfeiffer said.
"I don't know where we'll come up with the money."

Maronda Homes, which is developing the 113-home Abbey Glen subdivision, already
paid its impact fees to lock in the lower rates.

The city commission will hold a public hearing on Feb. 24 before voting on the
new rate structure. If approved, the new rates could be in effect by April.

Mayor Scott Black said the city no longer can afford to keep its impact fees
artificially low to attract growth. Still, he expects a large turnout for the
hearing.

"We're going to have to stand our ground," he said.

Reporter Laura Kinsler can be reached at (813) 779-4617.

Photo credit: Tribune photo by FRED BELLET

Photo: In the heart of Dade City's Tommytown neighborhood, work continues on
sewer lines. Larry Hartman, a foreman for Pospiech Contractors, checks progress
near Pinellas and Seminole avenues.

Photo credit: Tribune photo by FRED BELLET

Photo: At Manatee Avenue and Lock Street in Tommytown, city workers install
water pipes. Connecting to those pipes likely will be more expensive soon.

Copyright © 2009, The Tampa Tribune and may not be republished without
permission. E-mail library@tampatrib.com

LOAD-DATE: February 3, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


           Copyright 2009 The Tribune Co. Publishes The Tampa Tribune


                              963 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                        Las Cruces Sun-News (New Mexico)

                             March 21, 2016 Monday
                                   1 Edition

Restaurant trends focus of April workshop

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. Z11

LENGTH: 923 words


LAS CRUCES - The Small Business Development Center will present Christ Tripoli,
president of A'La Cart Foodservice Consulting Group, from 9 a.m. to 11:30 a.m.
April 21 at the Doña Ana Community College Workforce Center, 2345 E. Nevada
Ave., Rm. 121 and 123.

Topics will focus on trends in menu, management and marketing. Cost is $20. For
information, call 575-527-7676.

Nonprofit networking opportunity Wednesday

LAS CRUCES - Dozens of nonprofit agencies will be able to network with one
another, develop partnerships, and compete for prizes during Nonprofit
Networking Night, co-sponsored by the Las Cruces Green Chamber of Commerce, the
United Way of Southwest New Mexico, and the Community Foundation of Southern New
Mexico. The free event will be held from 5:30 to 8 p.m. at the Lava Lounge,
located at the Ramada Hotel and Conference Center. RSVP's are required. To RSVP,
contact Green Chamber CEO/President Carrie Hamblen at 575-323-1575 or
carrie@nmgreenchamber.com

The event will feature free appetizers, a cash bar, and a chance for
representatives from the nonprofit agencies to connect with others and develop
programs for potential grant funding. "At the Nonprofit Networking Night,
attendees, on behalf of their respective nonprofits, will be encouraged to
connect with other nonprofits with similar purposes and develop a program that
can be implemented in Las Cruces, "said Michael Zaragoza, CEO of the United Way
of Southwest New Mexico. He adds, "The groups will be able to submit their
proposed program for a competition where the winner will get assistance in
finding grant funding. It's exciting to think of what these groups will create
together!"

Las Cruces and Doña Ana County contain several hundred nonprofit organizations.
One of the common pitfalls smaller nonprofits face is finding grant funding that
supports their mission. Carrie Hamblen, CEO/President of the Las Cruces Green
Chamber of Commerce says, "Smaller nonprofits tend to search for grant funding
and then create programs to match the financial opportunities. That's an
approach that can get nonprofit organizations into trouble. Through the
Nonprofit Networking Night, we hope to connect nonprofits with each other,
encourage partnerships between them, and provide a fun way of developing
programs."

State seeking input from businesses impacted by defense cuts

LAS CRUCES - The New Mexico Economic Development Department wants to better
understand how cuts in defense spending impact the New Mexico supply chain and
related companies. Those that supply goods or services to the Department of
Defense are encouraged to attend an informational meeting 9 to 11 a.m. Thursday
at the Doña Ana Community College Workforce Center rooms 121 and 123, 2345 E.
Nevada Ave. The meeting is among seven across the state to see how local
businesses might fare should further defense spending cuts be implemented.

For information, call Lee Trussell at 505-833-2219.

Money Smart Week set for MVEDA meeting

LAS CRUCES - Money Smart Week in Doña Ana County will be the subject of the
April meeting of the MVEDA Business in the Borderplex Forum. Marisol Martinez,
communications and outreach specialist, Federal Reserve Bank of Dallas, El Paso
Branch and Eldelisa Nava, director of operations, Las Cruces Hispanic Chamber of
Commerce, will present specific statistics about financial literacy and Southern
New Mexico.

The meeting is 11:30 a.m. to 1 p.m. April 5 at the Hotel Encanto de Las Cruces,
705 S. Telshor. The meeting will begin with a hot entree buffet and a brief
update by MVEDA staff.

Money Smart Week is a public awareness campaign designed to help consumers
better manage their personal finances. This is achieved through the
collaboration and coordinated effort of organizations across the city and county
including businesses, financial institutions, schools, libraries,
not-for-profits, government agencies and the media.

Hear how you can partner with community leaders on this important campaign. A
Money Smart partner is a bank, credit union, company or organization that
actively participates during Money Smart Week.

Advance registration is $25 per person, payable by major credit card via the
secure PayPal portal on the registration form. Payment at the door with cash,
check or credit card is $30 per person. Due to space constraints reservations
are required. Registration closes on March 31. Register online at
www.mveda.com/blog.

SBDC continues small business workshops

LAS CRUCES - The Small Business Development Center at Doña Ana Community College
has finalized the upcoming schedule of workshops designed to assist small
business owners and those hoping to start a business with the basic skills and
information to get started. The schedule includes:

· Steps to starting your business (in Spanish), 2 - 4 p.m. March 31, free.

All sessions will be held at 2345 E. Nevada Ave., Ste. 101. Call 575-527-7676
for information or visit www.nmsbdc.org/lascruces/

Spaceport America open house set April 2

LAS CRUCES - Spaceport America will host an open house free to the public on
April 2.

Reservations are required. The first 800 personal vehicles registered will be
confirmed on a first-come, first-served basis via the website at
http://spaceportamerica.com/openhouse/ . Vehicles must have at leas two
passengers and no more than eight. Four hundred vehicles will be allowed to the
Spaceport America site from 9 a.m. to noon and another 400 between 1 and 4 p.m.
Regional food truck vendors are also urged to participate at the same address.

Information: 575-267-8500.

LOAD-DATE: March 21, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: lru


                       Copyright 2016 Las Cruces Sun-News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              964 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                  The Press-Republican (Plattsburgh, New York)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             July 31, 2014 Thursday

Towns get $3.7M for faster Internet

BYLINE: Dan Heath, The Press-Republican, Plattsburgh, N.Y.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 690 words


July 31--PLATTSBURGH -- North Country broadband projects in Bellmont, Minerva
and Newcomb have won a combined $3.7 million as part of $9 million in Connect NY
grant funds.

The funds, part of the $6 million broadband fund awarded to the North Country
Regional Economic Development Council, are for a public/private partnership
between the state, Slic Network Solutions and Older Adults Technology Services,
a press release from the Governor's Office said.

Jeff Yette, a sales engineer with Slic, said in the tri-county area, the
Bellmont South Next Generation Broadband project and the Newcomb Next Generation
Broadband project are to receive $1.1 million each, while the Minerva Next
Generation Broadband project is to receive $1.5 million.

"It is good news that it (grant funding) is coming," he told the
Press-Republican.

'SLOW PROCESS'

In the Town of Bellmont, it is intended to fund construction of 34.4 miles of
fiber-optic line that will pass by 555 possible connection sites.

The money will pay for 38.6 miles of line in the Town of Newcomb that could
serve 511 locations, while in the Town of Minerva, it would go for 64.5 miles
and reach as many as 698 customers.

Slic has already been awarded grant funds for other broadband expansion projects
in the tri-county area, including an earlier project in Bellmont, as well as
those in Lyon Mountain, Schroon Lake and North Hudson.

Yette said through those projects, they have learned it can take two years or
more to get the final approval before construction can start.

They just recently submitted the final paperwork for the Bellmont North project,
he said, 18 months after the grant was announced and seven months after the
funds were released.

"We now have a better understanding of the process to get final approval," Yette
said.

UNDERSERVED SENIORS

The announcement by Gov. Andrew Cuomo also includes $3.7 million for Older
Adults Technology Services, a nonprofit based in New York City that helps older
adults access and use modern technology.

That funding will help Older Adults Technology build a broadband adoption system
for older residents of the North Country, which can be used to supplement Slic's
expansion efforts.

"High-speed Internet represents reliable communication and access to
information, but the reality is that many New Yorkers still remain without
access to this important resource," Cuomo said in a press release.

"By expanding broadband services in the North Country, we can create a better
living situation for underserved seniors throughout the region and ensure that
residents are better connected with their communities."

'MORE TO DO'

Empire State Development President and CEO Kenneth Adams said the Connect NY
grants are providing businesses, schools and communities with critical access to
high-speed broadband, which is designed to attract economic-development
investments and improve the quality of public education across New York state

"The $9 million announced today will help more than 130 businesses expand their
reach to consumers in other counties and countries while also connecting
thousands of unserved North Country residents to the services so many of us
already enjoy," he said.

North Country Chamber of Commerce President Garry Douglas said that while
everyone was talking about the need for broadband in the North Country four
years ago, "no one was really providing the public-private investment needed to
close the enormous digital divide we faced, especially in the Adirondacks.

"Then Gov. Cuomo allowed us to identify our own regional priorities and promised
the state would join in prioritizing what we identified," he said.

"Broadband was at the top of that list, and the state has been true to its word,
funding a number of projects which have greatly expanded access across the
region, with now these additional commitments continuing to bridge remaining
gaps," he said.

"There is more to do, but these projects are the next important step."

Email Dan Heath: dheath@pressrepublican.com

___ (c)2014 the Press-Republican (Plattsburgh, N.Y.) Visit the Press-Republican
(Plattsburgh, N.Y.) at pressrepublican.com Distributed by MCT Information
Services

LOAD-DATE: July 31, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20140731-ZI-Towns-get-3.7M-for-faster-Internet-0731-20140731

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: ZI


                      Copyright 2014 The Press-Republican


                              965 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                         Mail Tribune (Medford, Oregon)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                              July 19, 2013 Friday

Medford council gets behind bike path along Larson Creek

BYLINE: Chris Conrad, Mail Tribune, Medford, Ore.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 514 words


July 19--The Medford City Council on Thursday directed public works officials to
pursue a state grant to complete an important stretch of a proposed bike and
pedestrian path along Larson Creek.

Medford Public Works Director Cory Crebbin was granted permission to push for
grants from ConnectOregon, which provides funds for non-highway transportation
projects across the state.

The goal is to secure a significant amount of funding needed to complete a
pedestrian and bike path connecting Ellendale Drive and Black Oak Drive in east
Medford.

The path would run along Larson Creek, just south of Barnett Road. It would be a
significant step in the larger plan to eventually connect the Bear Creek
Greenway to North Phoenix Road and then to other trails leading out to Chrissy
Park.

"It has taken us 40 years to develop the Bear Creek Greenway, which I liken to a
strong spine," Medford City Councilor Al Densmore said. "Now it's up to the
communities along the Greenway to connect to it and expand outwards."

ConnectOregon's grant process is competitive and the program looks for cities
with projects that show promise in sparking economic development when completed.

Historically, the program has focused on airport and rail projects, but also
devotes grant funds to bike paths.

"We have a neat bike path and we are looking to add more," Crebbin said.

The new path would provide an alternative route for cyclists and pedestrians
wanting to avoid busy Barnett Road by traveling through a mostly residential
area.

A study in 2007 by Alta Planning and Design of Portland determined the cost to
build the entire trail at $1.7 million.

There are large residential areas along Barnett Road that could add riders to
the bike path, Densmore said.

"They could ride from the path along Larson Creek to the Bear Creek Greenway and
then they could ride to downtown Medford, Central Point or Ashland," Densmore
said. "It would make the bike path safer because you would have more people
using it."

Crebbin did not know how much grant funding ConnectOregon would devote to the
bike path should it award the money. The program does require some matching
funds from a chosen city.

The council ordered Crebbin to begin a community outreach effort to seek
residents' opinions on the proposed path.

Councilors John Michaels and Dick Gordon support the Larson Creek path, but
believe that more efforts should be made to build similar paths in west Medford.

"I would very much like to see this type of thing on the west side of town,"
Michaels said.

Meanwhile, the city is looking to move earmarked money around to pay for the
half-mile stretch of bike path that would run from the Bear Creek Greenway to
Ellendale Drive.

A $500,000 federal earmark for the project could expire in September if the city
doesn't show progress in developing a plan for the path. City officials hope to
refocus the funds saved from lower costs used to build the pedestrian bridge
across Barnett Road.

___ (c)2013 the Mail Tribune (Medford, Ore.) Visit the Mail Tribune (Medford,
Ore.) at www.mailtribune.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: July 19, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20130719-ME-Medford-council-gets-behind-bike-path-along-Larson-Creek-0719-201307
19

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: ME


                          Copyright 2013 Mail Tribune


                              966 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                        Hume Moreland Leader (Australia)

                            April 17, 2013 Wednesday
                                 1 - HO Edition

ROXBURGH PARK Class women's connection point

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 10

LENGTH: 204  words


ROXBURGH PARK

WOMEN are being invited to break the mould and give ceramics classes a go.

The Hive, a women's community group, is looking for members to take part in the
upcoming class after receiving a grant from Hume Council.

President Helen Rayner said more numbers were needed.

``We were donated a whole lot of molds and we thought we might as well utilise
them,'' Ms Rayner said.

``They were donated by a man whose wife used to teach ceramics in the local area
but she passed away four years ago.''

Ms Rayner said the idea was to run an affordable course with a qualified teacher
in order to connect women.

This would benefit those who may be isolated or interested in learning English.

``We're trying to reach out to the community,'' she said. ``Just connecting
lonely women that otherwise don't sort of connect with other women; don't know
how to go about making friendships.

``People like to do ceramics, especially the painting and things like that.''

Women of any age are welcome and an evening class will be considered for those
unable to make it during the day.

The 10-week course starts on April 22 from 10am-12.30pm at The Hive, 9 Lachlan
Cres, Roxburgh Park.

Tea, coffee and biscuits will be provided.

Details: 0417 540 337.

LOAD-DATE: April 17, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: HOV


                   Copyright 2013 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              967 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                            Queensland Country Life

                             March 31, 2017 Friday
                                Internet Edition

Repair-Restore-Renew fund launched

LENGTH: 515 words


THE Foundation for Rural and Regional Renewal (FRRR) has established a
Repair-Restore-Renew Fund to support the medium to long-term recovery of rural
and regional areas affected by Cyclone Debbie.

FRRR has supported communities affected by natural disasters since 2006. Working
through a collaborative model, the foundation raises funds at the time of
disasters, which are then distributed through community grants beginning 12-18
months after the event.

"This approach means that communities can take the time they need to conduct
adequate research and planning to ensure that social and physical infrastructure
is appropriate, sustainable and meets the future needs of the community. It
means funds are available when the gaps are identified," Ms Egleton said.

"Emergency services, governments and relief agencies do an amazing job during
and immediately after a disaster, bringing people to safety and ensuring their
immediate needs are met. But we know that disasters have a long-lasting impact
and communities need support long after the focus has moved on to the next
event: organisations still need rebuilding; people need support and community
spirit needs restoring."

FRRR chief executive officer Natalie Egleton, says that this ensures that
resources are available to support communities when the needs have become more
apparent.

"The collaborative aspect of FRRR's program is also important," Ms Egleton said.
"A key thing we learnt in responding to the 2009 Victorian bushfires is that if
donors pool resources and work together, we can better manage duplication. We
can use each other's strengths and skills more effectively. It also means
stressed communities have an easier time navigating their way towards
philanthropic support."

Areas that can be funded by FRRR include minor infrastructure, arts programs,
mental health, volunteer fatigue, training, leadership, resilience,
communication and disaster prevention and mitigation.

Some specific projects funded after previous disasters include:

- Rebuilding key community assets, such as local halls and meeting places,
playgrounds and gardens, so there are physical places to meet and connect.

- Activities that encourage people to connect - e.g. singing, art, craft.

- Training for volunteers in disaster recovery skills - e.g. using chainsaws.

- Engagement programs (e.g. mental health, community gardens, health and
fitness) that support people through practical activities.

- Environmental rehabilitation.

- Economic recovery activities for the community or for an industry sector.

Ms Egleton says that these are often projects that cannot be funded anywhere
else - yet they are in high demand from communities in recovery.

FRRR's unique status ensures that funds can also be directed to community groups
that often aren't eligible for philanthropic funding.

"In small communities, many of the local community groups don't have DGR status,
so they don't receive funding from other sources. So, contributing to FRRR's
programs ensures that the funds really get to the groups that need support."

CLICK HERE for more information about FRRR.

LOAD-DATE: March 30, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


             Copyright 2017 Fairfax Media Publications Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              968 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                        The Observer (La Grande, Oregon)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            July 14, 2010 Wednesday

Railway remains in contention for Connect Oregon III transportation grant

BYLINE: Bill Rautenstrauch, The Observer, La Grande, Ore.

SECTION: LIFESTYLE

LENGTH: 702 words


July 14--Despite some uncertainty over the future of its excursion operations,
the Wallowa Union Rail Authority is not yet abandoning plans to build a repair
and maintenance shop in Elgin.

The railroad, jointly owned by Union and Wallowa counties, remains in the
running for a Connect Oregon III grant, though the final award would be for much
less money than originally requested.

"We will have to scale it down and re-submit," said Mark Davidson, who serves
both as a Union County Commissioner and as a rail authority board member.

ConnectOregon III is a lottery bond-based initiative providing $100 million to
improve Oregon's transportation system through multimodal investments, other
than highway.

ConnectOregon I and II projects, 68 total, are in various stages of completion
and include investments such as building a new public transit center to house
all transportation services in La Grande.

Other local projects funded through ConnectOregon include improvement of the
Pendleton Grain Growers storage facility at Alicel, and repair and refurbishing
of WURA passenger cars.

This year, WURA, in partnership with Sumpter Valley Machine Works, submitted a
$5.1 million grant request to build a facility in Elgin for repair and
maintenance of locomotives and other rolling stock.

The original plans also called for construction of a multi-modal transportation
hub and park-and-ride lot for excursion train passengers, Community Connection
transit bus passengers and bicycle

riders.

The proposed project made ConnectOregon's prioritized list, though a review
committee decided to award it only $975,000. The WURA board now must figure out
whether it should go ahead with a smaller facility.

"We'll have to wait and see if the transportation commission adopts the list as
presented, then look and see what our project should be and present it back to
them," Davidson said.

The railroad continues to struggle financially, as it has since the two counties
bought it in 2002.

The 2010-11 budget is for $827,000, and of that, $552,000 goes to the state for
repayment of the loan used to buy the line. The remainder funds personal
services, materials and services, and

contingency.

This year, the excursion schedule was trimmed from 31 runs to 11, and, after a
final spring season, the "Fish Train" excursions carrying anglers down the
Wallowa River from Minam were scratched from the schedule.

The railroad and the Minam Motel were partners in the fish trains. Davidson said
the motel has been notified the trips won't continue.

"We decided we'd run the fish trains this year because of short notice, but
after the books were closed on the season, we determined we couldn't continue,"
Davidson said.

On the plus side, the railroad's contract to store cars on the line in Wallowa
County for Union Pacific continues to bring in money, making it possible to keep
up with terms of the loan.

Davidson said WURA took charge of 387 in-bound cars in June, bringing the total
stored on the track to about 1,250.

More cars have been brought in, bringing the total to 1,400. The railroad
projects it will collect $712,000 from track lease in the current fiscal year.

Income from WURA freight operations has been slight, though the railroad did
make some money recently hauling scrap from the now-defunct Wallowa sawmill.

Davidson said he hopes a buyer steps in and utilizes the sawmill site for some
other industrial purpose.

"That would be a prime place for an industry. We would hope something would go
in that would utilize rail transportation," he said.

Though the budget is balanced for this year, the board has discussed more
changes in railroad operations. Those could include elimination of excursions

altogether.

"We'll have to see how the results are at the end of the season," Davidson said.

To see more of The Observer or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.lagrandeobserver.com/. Copyright (c) 2010, The Observer, La Grande,
Ore. Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For more information
about the content services offered by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services
(MCT), visit www.mctinfoservices.com, e-mail services@mctinfoservices.com, or
call 866-280-5210 (outside the United States, call +1 312-222-4544).

LOAD-DATE: July 15, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20100714-YL-Railway-remains-in-contention-for-Connect
-Oregon-III-transportation-grant-20100714

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: YL


                          Copyright 2010 The Observer


                              969 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                 The State Journal- Register (Springfield, IL)

                            December 7, 2010 Tuesday

$269,000 grant advances plans for Sherman-Williamsville trail

BYLINE: Amanda Reavy Staff Writer

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 482 words


Plans are progressing for a new bicycle and walking trail that would link
Sherman and Williamsville.

The project recently received a $269,000 federal/state grant that will pay for
engineering needed for the path, Williamsville village engineer Kevin Kuhn of
Quigg Engineering said.



The proposed trail would be about 41/2 miles long and would follow the old
Interurban rail right-of-way that runs parallel to Interstate 55.

Plans show the trail with an entry point in Sherman on Sherman Road, east of
Interstate 55 on the village's north side. The Williamsville entry point would
be at the end of Conrey Street on the village's south side, Kuhn said.

"This trail could be a component of the Route 66 Trail, which connects Chatham
and Springfield and Sherman," he said.

Ameren owns the right-of-way. The Illinois Department of Natural Resources is
helping the utility and the two villages reach an agreement for ownership and
easement, Kuhn said.

"Ameren will still have access to high-power lines there," he said.

Total cost of the project is estimated at $2.379 million.

"We're hoping the railroad ballast is still there," he said of the rock that
lies underneath rails. "If the rock's there, there's a good base for us to begin
putting the trail on. If it's not there, we'll have to account for bringing that
in."

The trail would use three railroad bridges, which will need to be evaluated.

Once the engineering work is complete, the design will be submitted for
approval.

When the project is considered "shovel-ready," officials plan to pursue more
grant money for the project.

That should take about a year, Kuhn said.

Williamsville Village President Tom Yokley said the trail would benefit both
communities, particularly since they share a school district. The elementary
school is in Sherman, while the junior high and high school are in
Williamsville.

"I think both communities intend for these trials to not only connect the
schools but also our park and their park," Yokley said

Sherman Village President Trevor Clatfelter said he would like to have two
staging areas for the trail on the Sherman side, possibly linking to Waldrop
Park and the Route 66 Veterans Memorial Gateway Park being developed at Sherman
Boulevard (Business 55) and Andrew Road.

"The bike trail is one more amenity that makes our area desirable to live in,"
he said. "Our town's growing, and we have to have the park and green space and
recreational space that grows along with it."

Amanda Reavy can be reached at 788-1525.

Other trail plans

The Springfield Area Transportation Study bicycle/pedestrian plan steering
committee will meet Wednesday to continue working on a plan for bike and walking
trails in the county.

The meeting is scheduled for 6:30 p.m. at the Jerome Civic Center, 2901 Leonard
St.

The agenda includes establishing goals and reviewing proposed routes.

- AMANDA REAVY STAFF WRITER amanda.reavy@sj-r.com


LOAD-DATE: January 22, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2010 The State Journal- Register
                              All Rights Reserved


                              970 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           November 21, 2015 Saturday

Ohio: Mellon Grant to Bolster New Academic, Career Initiative at Hiram College

LENGTH: 513 words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Columbus: Hiram College, The State of Ohio has issued the following news
release:



 Hiram College recently received a $100,000 grant from the Andrew W. Mellon
Foundation to bolster Hiram Connect, a program that will connect students'
classroom and internship/hands-on experiences to their future careers.





 This is the first grant Hiram has received from the Mellon Foundation, which is
dedicated to nurturing and supporting institutions of higher education and
culture in their pursuit of deeper understanding of the human condition and
experience.



 &ldquo;We're both humbled and honored to receive this recognition and support
from the Andrew W. Mellon Foundation,&rdquo; said Robert Haak, Ph.D., vice
president and dean of the College. &ldquo;It's an endorsement for the way we
intend to teach the liberal arts and prepare students for their careers and
callings through Hiram Connect.&rdquo;



 Hiram College rolled out Connect at the beginning of the 2015-2016 academic
year to provide students a structure and set of experiences that will help them
answer questions like, &ldquo;What are my strengths and values?&rdquo; and
&ldquo;What change do I want to make in the world?&rdquo; As students complete
four academic milestones, including a newly required internship, research
experience or study abroad trip, they will engage in meaningful reflection that
will guide them in connecting their classroom experiences to their careers and
callings.



 &ldquo;When my own parents asked me, 'What will you do with a degree in
philosophy?' 30 years ago, I stumbled trying to answer them,&rdquo; said Hiram
College President Lori Varlotta, Ph.D. &ldquo;It is my goal that every Hiram
student is not only able to answer this question about their major in a poised
and passionate way, but is able to appreciate and articulate the intrinsic value
of a liberal arts education in developing character, calling and community.
&rdquo;



  Funds from the Mellon grant will be used over a course of two years, through
fall 2017, and will help to fund the work of five &ldquo;Mellon Fellows.&rdquo;
These five faculty members, Colin Anderson, associate professor of philosophy;
Nick Hirsch, associate professor of biology; Jeff Swenson, associate professor
of English; Amber Chenoweth, assistant professor of psychology; and Debbie
Kasper, associate professor of environmental studies; will take a leadership
role in continuing to implement Connect across campus. Specifically, Mellon
Fellows will:



     revise the First Year Colloquium to incorporate interdisciplinary thinking
and learning.

     attend professional development opportunities and host on-campus workshops
on the topics of proactive student advising, interdisciplinary learning and
more.

     revise the senior capstone experience and implement a spring showcase of
all student capstones.

     teach and pass on their findings and experiences to other Hiram faculty and
staff members.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com



LOAD-DATE: November 22, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              971 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                        The Atlanta Journal-Constitution

                            December 16, 2016 Friday
                                  Main Edition

BEST IN CLASS;
Fayette's leader tops in Ga.

BYLINE: Staff

SECTION: METRO; Pg. 6B

LENGTH: 478 words


The Georgia School Superintendents Association has named Fayette County Public
Schools' Dr. Joseph Barrow the 2017 Georgia Superintendent of the Year. Barrow
joined the school system in 2013. Before coming to Fayette, he was
superintendent of Ware County Schools, and is also the former president of the
GSSA. This is the second consecutive year Barrow has been a finalist for the
state's highest honor to a superintendent. He was named a finalist earlier this
year along with Dr. Jason Branch of Oconee County Schools; Dr. Allen McCannon of
Madison County Schools; and Dr. Gordon Pritz of Douglas County Schools. Barrow
will represent the state in the American Association of School Administrators
(AASA) National School Superintendent of the Year competition.

Fulton schools' can creativity helps needy

For a fifth consecutive year, schools across Fulton County came together for
"Can Do Good," a competition where students collected canned goods, then built
creative structures using them. The structures were put on display for the
public to vote for their favorite. In the North Fulton competition, the top
prize went to a private school, and second-and third-place trophies were awarded
to Johns Creek and Alpharetta high schools, respectively. In South Fulton, first
place went to Banneker High School, with second place going to Langston Hughes
High School and third place to Tri-Cities High School. The competition was
sponsored by the Greater North Fulton Chamber of Commerce, the South Fulton
Chamber of Commerce and the architectural engineering firm of Goodwyn, Mills &
Cawood.

Brookwood teacher to use grant for giving

Carrie Settles Livers, a teacher at Brookwood High School, has been awarded a
$35,000 grant from the 3M Corporation through its 3Mgives program to fund her
project that encourages environmental stewardship, connects STEM education and
nature with outdoor learning opportunities and engages students and young people
with an emphasis on underserved communities. Livers will use the grant money to
build an aquaponics lab to help educate students on sustainable agriculture
while providing them an opportunity for community outreach by distributing the
food grown to the local food co-ops. "I am probably most excited about the
humanitarian component to this adventure," said Livers. "I think one of the best
ways to 'trick' students into learning is to help them find something to be
passionate about. Helping to design this lab, trouble-shooting in the lab and
designing extensions of this lab ... is a great way to flex those critical
thinking muscles."

(Box)

CONNECT TO THE AJC'S EDUCATION NOTEBOOK Did your student or academic team win a
state, regional or national competition, award or a major scholarship? Are you a
teacher or administrator with an innovative classroom idea? Is your organization
offering scholarships? Send information to

LOAD-DATE: December 16, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspapers


                Copyright 2016 The Atlanta Journal-Constitution


                              972 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            October 8, 2015 Thursday

New York: FLI Receives TWC City Stream Stewards Grant

LENGTH: 848 words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Albany: Hobart and William Smith Colleges, The State of New York has issued the
following news release:



 The Finger Lakes Institute (FLI) and Time Warner Cable (TWC) have teamed up for
a community partnership - the City Stream Stewards program - that will connect
area middle school and high school students to service-learning projects
designed to improve water quality in urban communities throughout the Finger
Lakes region.





 Thanks to a $5,000 grant from TWC's Connect a Million Minds (CAMM)
philanthropic initiative, FLI will facilitate urban water projects with young
people from Geneva High School, Auburn High School and The Sciencenter in
Ithaca. Volunteers from TWC, service organizations and members of the HWS and
local communities will join the collaboration.



 "The program's objective is to give students opportunities to identify water
quality issues in their own communities and present solutions," says Nadia
Harvieux, the FLI Education Program Manager and coordinator of the City Stream
Stewards program. "The teachers who are involved with City Stream Stewards will
explore options for the projects during the school year and work with the FLI
and community partners to implement them with students."



 From installing rain barrels and creating rain gardens to removing invasive
species and marking storm water drains, the various environmentally conscious
projects will take place during spring 2016. Each of the projects will include
community outreach, including a public presentation and distribution of
educational materials.



 The projects are particularly timely, Harvieux says, with current water quality
monitoring showing that streams flowing through urban communities may typically
have degraded water quality. For the project, the Finger Lakes Regional Stream
Monitoring Network will conduct both pre- and post-assessments of water quality
in designated areas.



 "As a technology company, Time Warner Cable believes STEM education is critical
to the future workforce of America but also to the changing learning environment
today's students enjoy," says TWC Northeast Community Investment Manager
Stephanie Salanger. "Through hands-on experiential learning opportunities such
as Stream Stewards, students learn to be inquisitive about their own
communities, become good environmental citizens and engage with our local
employees who are proud to contribute where they live and work. We applaud the
efforts of the Finger Lakes Institute for recognizing the importance of
partnering with corporations to provide such an exciting learning opportunity
for these students."



 The community partners say they're looking forward to kicking off the
student-driven projects.



 "We are very excited to participate in this project," says Geneva High School
Principal Gregory T. Baker '00. "Geneva High School students have many wonderful
opportunities to be a part of relevant STEM projects, which is a testament to
their teachers and the Colleges. These experiences prepare our students for
college as well as to become good stewards of one of our most precious
resources, Seneca Lake and its watershed."



 Sciencenter educator Lauren Van Derzee says: "The Sciencenter's Future Science
Leaders are very excited to expand our citizen science project to include City
Stream Stewards. We are interested in taking a proactive response to the data
and information that we have gathered over the past three years on the water
quality of Cascadilla Creek."



 "We thank the Finger Lakes Institute and Time Warner Cable for their support
with the City Stream Steward Project," says Leela George, assistant
superintendent for curriculum and instruction at Auburn Enlarged City School
District. "We are pleased and excited to be able to engage our students in
relevant learning about local issues. This opportunity to enhance the curriculum
for students at Auburn High School will teach important science concepts as well
as cultivate social consciousness in our students which will serve them well as
they prepare for college and careers."



 At Hobart and William Smith, FLI is dedicated to the promotion of environmental
research and education about the Finger Lakes and surrounding environments. In
collaboration with regional environmental partners and state and local
government offices, the Institute fosters environmentally sound development
practices throughout the region, and disseminates accumulated knowledge to the
public.



 TWC launched CAMM in 2009, challenging parents, mentors and others to connect
more than one million students to after-school STEM activities to address this
"inspiration gap." To date, TWC has provided cash and in-kind investments far in
excess of its original $100 million commitment to inspire student interest in
STEM. In May 2014, together with its partners, TWC exceeded its goal of
connecting one million students to STEM opportunities and today, continues
connecting students to high quality STEM learning opportunities.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com



LOAD-DATE: October 9, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              973 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            October 8, 2015 Thursday

New York: FLI Receives TWC City Stream Stewards Grant

LENGTH: 848 words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Albany: Hobart and William Smith Colleges, The State of New York has issued the
following news release:



 The Finger Lakes Institute (FLI) and Time Warner Cable (TWC) have teamed up for
a community partnership - the City Stream Stewards program - that will connect
area middle school and high school students to service-learning projects
designed to improve water quality in urban communities throughout the Finger
Lakes region.





 Thanks to a $5,000 grant from TWC's Connect a Million Minds (CAMM)
philanthropic initiative, FLI will facilitate urban water projects with young
people from Geneva High School, Auburn High School and The Sciencenter in
Ithaca. Volunteers from TWC, service organizations and members of the HWS and
local communities will join the collaboration.



 "The program's objective is to give students opportunities to identify water
quality issues in their own communities and present solutions," says Nadia
Harvieux, the FLI Education Program Manager and coordinator of the City Stream
Stewards program. "The teachers who are involved with City Stream Stewards will
explore options for the projects during the school year and work with the FLI
and community partners to implement them with students."



 From installing rain barrels and creating rain gardens to removing invasive
species and marking storm water drains, the various environmentally conscious
projects will take place during spring 2016. Each of the projects will include
community outreach, including a public presentation and distribution of
educational materials.



 The projects are particularly timely, Harvieux says, with current water quality
monitoring showing that streams flowing through urban communities may typically
have degraded water quality. For the project, the Finger Lakes Regional Stream
Monitoring Network will conduct both pre- and post-assessments of water quality
in designated areas.



 "As a technology company, Time Warner Cable believes STEM education is critical
to the future workforce of America but also to the changing learning environment
today's students enjoy," says TWC Northeast Community Investment Manager
Stephanie Salanger. "Through hands-on experiential learning opportunities such
as Stream Stewards, students learn to be inquisitive about their own
communities, become good environmental citizens and engage with our local
employees who are proud to contribute where they live and work. We applaud the
efforts of the Finger Lakes Institute for recognizing the importance of
partnering with corporations to provide such an exciting learning opportunity
for these students."



 The community partners say they're looking forward to kicking off the
student-driven projects.



 "We are very excited to participate in this project," says Geneva High School
Principal Gregory T. Baker '00. "Geneva High School students have many wonderful
opportunities to be a part of relevant STEM projects, which is a testament to
their teachers and the Colleges. These experiences prepare our students for
college as well as to become good stewards of one of our most precious
resources, Seneca Lake and its watershed."



 Sciencenter educator Lauren Van Derzee says: "The Sciencenter's Future Science
Leaders are very excited to expand our citizen science project to include City
Stream Stewards. We are interested in taking a proactive response to the data
and information that we have gathered over the past three years on the water
quality of Cascadilla Creek."



 "We thank the Finger Lakes Institute and Time Warner Cable for their support
with the City Stream Steward Project," says Leela George, assistant
superintendent for curriculum and instruction at Auburn Enlarged City School
District. "We are pleased and excited to be able to engage our students in
relevant learning about local issues. This opportunity to enhance the curriculum
for students at Auburn High School will teach important science concepts as well
as cultivate social consciousness in our students which will serve them well as
they prepare for college and careers."



 At Hobart and William Smith, FLI is dedicated to the promotion of environmental
research and education about the Finger Lakes and surrounding environments. In
collaboration with regional environmental partners and state and local
government offices, the Institute fosters environmentally sound development
practices throughout the region, and disseminates accumulated knowledge to the
public.



 TWC launched CAMM in 2009, challenging parents, mentors and others to connect
more than one million students to after-school STEM activities to address this
"inspiration gap." To date, TWC has provided cash and in-kind investments far in
excess of its original $100 million commitment to inspire student interest in
STEM. In May 2014, together with its partners, TWC exceeded its goal of
connecting one million students to STEM opportunities and today, continues
connecting students to high quality STEM learning opportunities.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com



LOAD-DATE: October 9, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              974 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             August 6, 2013 Tuesday

USPTO grants trade mark "LEZ CONNECT" to Lez Connect, LLC (GEORGIA)

LENGTH: 81  words

DATELINE: Alexandria


Lez Connect, LLC (GEORGIA), has been granted trademark (4377344) titled as "LEZ
CONNECT" from the United States Patent and Trademark Office.

Status: Registered

Class/es:IC 042. US 100 101. G & S: Computer services, namely, creating an
on-line community for registered users to participate in discussions, get
feedback from their peers, form virtual communities, and engage in social
networking services in the field of the gay, lesbian, and bisexual community.
FIRST USE: 20130101.

Filing

LOAD-DATE: August 6, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              975 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                           Springfield News-Sun, Ohio

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                          December 18, 2013 Wednesday

Improved fiber network could boost jobs in city

BYLINE: Michael Cooper, Springfield News-Sun, Ohio

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 791 words


Dec. 18--SPRINGFIELD -- The city wants to use an existing fiber-optic network to
lure more jobs and reduce costs, following a trend of other municipalities in
Ohio.

The city wants to create a fiber-optic connectivity system between the city, the
county, Springfield City Schools, Springfield-Clark Career Technology Center and
the Miami Valley Educational Computer Association, according to public
documents.

The city has applied for a $50,000 Local Government Innovation Fund grant from
the state for a feasibility study that would examine ways to connect the
existing dark fiber ring to government buildings or schools and businesses. By
creating the fiber-optic network between the school districts, it could lead to
future cost savings, according to local school officials.

City commissioners and Springfield board of education members both passed
resolutions of support last week.

"From an economic development standpoint, it's definitely capitalizing on an
amenity that's already in the ground that we can use then to leverage as an
additional incentive or perk to doing business in Springfield, especially
business that's proximal to that fiber in the near-term," said Josh Rauch, the
city's deputy economic development administrator. "Then as it builds out, you
get more and more connectivity throughout the city."

Advanced Virtual Engine Test Cell Inc., or AVETEC, currently owns and operates
19 miles of fiber optic ring around the eastern part of the city, a portion of
which is owned by the city. The ring runs from downtown along U.S. 40, down to
Clark State Community College and up South Limestone with a termination at the
AVETEC site.

The city's 24 strands are dark, meaning no one is currently using them for
network capabilities.

By increasing the density of the network, Rauch said, it can become marketable
to other businesses and Internet service providers who want to connect.

"The goal is to take the fiber build-out we've got and look at other places you
could build fiber," Rauch said.

For example, the planned location for the Global Impact STEM Academy, the former
South High School on South Limestone Street, is close to the fiber network and
could be connected for extra bandwidth, Rauch said.

Oakwood, Kettering and Centerville recently received a similar grant through the
state's Local Government Innovation Fund program to perform a similar study to
unite fiber-optic networks between the three cities along Ohio 48.

'There's some historical precedence there," Rauch said.

The innovation program offers communities financial assistance to create more
efficient and effective service delivery. The projects are expected to improve
business and promote community attraction for "efficiency, collaboration, or
shared services," according the Ohio Development Services Agency's website. With
the program's assistance, communities will be able reduce costs and provide more
efficient services. Grant and loan applications are accepted quarterly.

Rick Smith, the superintendent for the Springfield-Clark CTC, said the project
could help improve operations at the school. The CTC has a one-to-one learning
program, meaning all students are issued a laptop.

"Sometimes, we have some connectivity issues," Smith said. "We're hoping that
this would improve our connectivity for our students and staff."

Thor Sage is the executive director of MVECA, a non-profit regional council of
governments that provides technological services to 24 school districts in
Clark, Clinton, Greene, Highland, Fayette, and Madison counties. Sage believes
the collaboration with the city can reduce ongoing costs associated with a
leased fiber network it maintains for the Springfield City School District and
others in Clark County.

The organization has network connections at every school in Clark County, except
Emmanuel Christian. It also hopes to build the fiber network to the county
schools as well.

Down the road, Sage estimates school districts will need 10 gigabyte
connections, rather than the one gigabyte connection it currently provides. He
believes there will eventually be more one-to-one computing in schools.

"With the continuously increasing technology demands that schools are placing on
our network, finding more affordable ways and long-term solutions for really
robust network connectivity is essential," Sage said.

Stacy Parr, the director of technology and information services at Springfield
City Schools, said the need for more capacity is essential, especially with
recent initiatives at the state level such as computerized testing.

"There's always the need for increased bandwidth," Parr said.

___ (c)2013 Springfield News-Sun, Ohio Visit Springfield News-Sun, Ohio at
www.springfieldnewssun.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: December 18, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20131218-1SP-Improved-fiber-network-could-boost-jobs-in-city-1218-20131218

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1SP


                   Copyright 2013 Springfield News-Sun, Ohio


                              976 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                  Lassen County Times (Susanville, California)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                               February 12, 2013

USDA seeks grant applications

BYLINE: The Aberdeen Times staff

LENGTH: 555  words


Agriculture Deputy Secretary Kathleen Merrigan recently announced the release of
a request for applications (RFA) for the latest round of United States
Department of Agriculture (USDA)'s farm to school grants. These grants help
eligible schools improve the health and well-being of their students and connect
with local agricultural producers.

"USDA's Farm to School Grants connect schools with their local farmers, ranchers
and food businesses, providing new economic opportunities to food producers and
bringing healthy, local offerings into school cafeterias," said Merrigan. "USDA
continues to make improvements to the nutrition of food offered in schools, and
investing in farm to school programs is yet another important opportunity to
encourage our nation's children to make lifelong healthy eating choices."

This year, three kinds of grants will be available. Planning grants are intended
for schools just getting started on farm to school activities, while
implementation grants are available for schools seeking to augment or expand
existing efforts. Additionally, eligible nonprofit ontitios, Indian tribal
organizations, state and local agencies and agriculture producers or groups of
producers may apply for support service grants in order to conduct trainings,
create complementary curriculum or further develop supply chains, among other
activities. Proposals are due at midnight Eastern Standard Time (EST), April 24,
.2013.

To assist eligible entities in preparing proposals, USDA will host a series of
webinars related to the application process on the following days:

March 5 at 1 p.m. EST about planning grants

March 6 1 p.m. EST about implementation grants

March 7 1 p.m. EST about support service grants

The Farm to School Grant Program is part of the Healthy, Hunger-Free Kids Act,
which authorized and funded USDA to assist eligible entities, through grants and
technical assistance, in implementing farm to school programs that improve
access to local foods in eligible schools.

The act provides $5 million annually to support grants, technical assistance and
the federal administrative costs related to USDA's Farm to School Program. In
this funding cycle, USDA anticipates awarding up to $5 million in grants.

Healthier school meals are a key component of the

Healthy, Hunger-Free Kids Act, which was championed by First Lady Michelle Obama
as part of her Let's Move! campaign and signed into law by President Obama. The
new meal requirements are raising standards for the first time in more than 15
years and improving the health and nutrition of nearly 32 million children who
participate in school meal programs every school day.

The Farm to School Program is one component of USDA's Know Your Farmer, Know
Your Food (KYF) initiative launched in 2009 to coordinate the department's work
on local and regional food systems and create new opportunities for farmers,
ranchers, consumers and rural communities. An interactive view of USDA programs
that support local ana regional foods, including farm to school and farm to
institution, is available in the KYF Compass. The KYF Compass consists of an
interactive map of USDA-support-ed local and regional food projects and an
accompanying guide to programs and results. In October 2012, the map was
expanded and now includes projects from nine other federal agencies.

LOAD-DATE: September 26, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Local Government

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: LAS

                      Copyright 2013 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                       Copyright 2013 Lassen County Times


                              977 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                           Dereham and Fakenham Times

                             June 19, 2014 Thursday

Blaze victims can now share £10k fire fund

BYLINE: Simon Proctor

SECTION: ROP

LENGTH: 735 words


The emergency fund to help the victims of Fakenham's worst fire in living memory
is now open for applications, with more than £10,000 available thanks to the
generosity of townspeople and local businesses.

The emergency fund to help the victims of Fakenham's worst fire in living memory
is now open for applications, with more than £10,000 available thanks to the
generosity of townspeople and local businesses.



The EDP and Fakenham and Wells Times' joint Let's Fight For Fakenham appeal
smashed its initial target in just 15 days, following the blaze which ripped
through the Market Place on May 25.

Now, those worst affected can apply for emergency grants up to a maximum of
£2,000. The fund is open to individuals or families whose home has been
destroyed or damaged; employees who have lost income; affected businesses,
community/voluntary organisations or social enterprises; and organisations
providing support services to those affected.

The applications will be assessed by staff at North Norfolk District Council
(NNDC) with recommendations made to the Norfolk Community Foundation, which will
administer the grants.

NNDC chief executive Sheila Oxtoby hopes applications could be agreed and paid
within two weeks - or within days for the most urgent cases. She said: "We have
been working very hard with the EDP and the Norfolk Community Foundation to make
sure the processes and the governance are in place so we can start spending this
money where it is needed.

"Those people who we already know were displaced from their homes will be
contacted by us directly. But we don't want to make assumptions that we have
captured everybody that has been affected. There are people who may have had
personal belongings in any of those properties which were not covered by
insurance, and the fire has damaged businesses in a lot of different ways."

EDP editor-in-chief Nigel Pickover said: "We have been delighted to see the
community's response, and this is what makes Norfolk great - that we can raise
money and spend it on the victims very quickly."

Forms can be downloaded from www.northnorfolk.org/council/news.asp or
www.norfolkfoundation.com/Fakenham-Fire-Appeal.htm

Printed forms will also be available from the EDP's Fakenham office in Norwich
Street and at the Fakenham Connect offices on Oak Street. For help with
applications contact NNDC officers Rob Young on 01263 516162 or Lisa Grice on
01263 516164.

The EDP and Fakenham and Wells Times' joint Let's Fight For Fakenham appeal
smashed its initial target in just 15 days, following the blaze which ripped
through the Market Place on May 25.

Now, those worst affected can apply for emergency grants up to a maximum of
£2,000. The fund is open to individuals or families whose home has been
destroyed or damaged; employees who have lost income; affected businesses,
community/voluntary organisations or social enterprises; and organisations
providing support services to those affected.

The applications will be assessed by staff at North Norfolk District Council
(NNDC) with recommendations made to the Norfolk Community Foundation, which will
administer the grants.

NNDC chief executive Sheila Oxtoby hopes applications could be agreed and paid
within two weeks - or within days for the most urgent cases. She said: "We have
been working very hard with the EDP and the Norfolk Community Foundation to make
sure the processes and the governance are in place so we can start spending this
money where it is needed.

"Those people who we already know were displaced from their homes will be
contacted by us directly. But we don't want to make assumptions that we have
captured everybody that has been affected. There are people who may have had
personal belongings in any of those properties which were not covered by
insurance, and the fire has damaged businesses in a lot of different ways."

EDP editor-in-chief Nigel Pickover said: "We have been delighted to see the
community's response, and this is what makes Norfolk great - that we can raise
money and spend it on the victims very quickly."

* Forms can be downloaded from www.northnorfolk.org/council/news.asp or
www.norfolkfoundation.com/Fakenham-Fire-Appeal.htm

* Printed forms will also be available from the EDP's Fakenham office in Norwich
Street and at the Fakenham Connect offices on Oak Street.

* For help with applications contact NNDC officers Rob Young on 01263 516162 or
Lisa Grice on 01263 516164.

LOAD-DATE: June 19, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: DFT


                    Copyright 2014 Archant Regional Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              978 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                      News-Topic (Lenoir, North Carolina)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                             January 9, 2015 Friday

Duff Drive questions answered at special community meeting

BYLINE: Lex Menz, News-Topic, Lenoir, N.C.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 365 words


Jan. 09--SAWMILLS -- Sawmills residents appeared satisfied by the answers they
received Thursday night at a special community meeting for the Duff Drive Sewer
Project, which will allow 70 houses to connect to the town's sewer lines free.

Contractor Jan Wilson and pipe foreman Charles Wright of Neil Grading and
Construction Co. came to greet residents and explain what the project, involving
the laying of eight sewer lines, would look like.

Construction is scheduled to start in March and finish by the end of the year,
Wilson said. The project is being paid for with a Community Development Block
Grant the town applied for in 2012.

"If we don't have an excessive amount of rain or tropical storms, it should go
well," Wilson said.

Wilson said that everyone's yard would be photographed before construction
started so that after the sewer lines are laid, the residents' yards and
driveways could be put back as they were before.

Wright encouraged residents to talk with him while he is driving around the area
surveying.

"When I get near your property and you see me out there, I would welcome you to
come out and talk to me. I'll show you where we're going, what we're doing,"
Wright said. "I'll go ahead and tell you, it will be a mess, but we will clean
it up."

Residents can sign up for free connections before construction. Town
Administrator Seth Eckard encouraged everyone to fill out an application. Once
construction is completed, people will have to pay a $500 tap fee and hire a
plumber to connect to the sewer lines.

David Wright, who lives on Cajah Mountain Road and will not be affected by the
project, but his mother lives in the project area, and he said he was satisfied
because "it's a good deal." Also, he was unconcerned about any damage to the
yard.

"Grass will grow back," Wright said.

The project will cost $904,884, which was nearly $280,000 more than expected
when cost estimates were made in 2012. However, in December the town council
decided to push back a different sewer project on Bakers Circle to free the
money needed.

___ (c)2015 the News-Topic (Lenoir, N.C.) Visit the News-Topic (Lenoir, N.C.) at
http://www.newstopic.net/ Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC

LOAD-DATE: January 12, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20150109-QL-Duff-Drive-questions-answered-at-special-community
-meeting-0109-20150109

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: QL


                           Copyright 2015 News-Topic


                              979 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                           Herald & Review (Illinois)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            November 23, 2007 Friday

Shelbyville bike trail growing

BYLINE: Mike Frazier -, Herald & Review, Decatur, Ill.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 454 words


Nov. 23--SHELBYVILLE -- A path for bicyclists and walkers continues to emerge
around Lake Shelbyville.

And that's just the beginning.

"The idea is to connect the trail to our community and to the downtown area,
creating a Shelbyville loop," said Jerry Yockey, chairman of the General Dacey
Trail Committee.

The trail is named in honor of Maj. Gen. Robert Dacey, who served as supervising
engineer during the construction of Lake Shelbyville.

Community leaders joined Yockey last year in dedicating the first mile of the
trail, which begins behind the Scout cabin at Forest Park and extends to a Lake
Shelbyville boat ramp parking lot on Ninth Street.

The community recently celebrated the opening of an eastern loop of the trail,
which stretches another 1.25 miles.

Plans are under way to improve the surface of about one mile of the path's
northern loop next year.

And project leaders envision extending the trail another mile from the Ninth
Street boat ramp parking lot across the dam to the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers
Visitors Center.

"It's going to be a beautiful and very visible part of our trail system," Yockey
said.

From there, the path could continue over the Kaskaskia River to Shelbyville's
downtown.

"Lastly, we're working with the city council to come up with a plan to connect
the trail from the downtown area to Forest Park," Yockey said. "At the same
time, we're looking at other trail opportunities through the city."

The trail is funded in part by state grants and donations from community groups,
including Shelbyville Wal-Mart and Shelby Memorial Hospital.

Shelbyville Park Commissioner Noel Bolinger said the emerging trail is a "great
asset" for the community.

"It's a nice, quality-of-life improvement," Bolinger said.

The trail complements offerings at Forest Park, including a new aquatic center,
athletic center and baseball and soccer fields, Bolinger said.

The city council is establishing a tax increment financing district downtown to
help spur development, Bolinger said.

"And we look at the bike trail and our other recreational improvements at the
park as providing an economic benefit to us.

"With our TIF district, we want to fix up downtown, and we think that connecting
to our bike trail really adds a lot to that."

Mike Frazier can be reached at mfrazier @herald-review.com or 421-7985

To see more of Herald & Review, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.herald-review.com Copyright (c) 2007, Herald & Review, Decatur, Ill.
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: November 23, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20071123-HV-Shelbyville-bike-trail-growing-1123

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: HV


                         Copyright 2007 Herald & Review


                              980 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                            Herald Express (Torquay)

                            January 22, 2010 Friday

Help care trust to make positive change to people's lives

SECTION: Pg. 22

LENGTH: 950  words


Torbay care TRUST, the local NHS organisation responsible for health and adult
social care, has been working with local people and other social care
organisations to identify how it can improve day care services in Torbay to make
sure it offers local people quality and choice.

It really needs people's help to ensure it makes changes which make a real,
positive difference to  lives.

So why not come along and share your thoughts and ideas at one of the following
focus groups or drop-in sessions below.

Focus groups: Tuesday,  January 26, at 6.30pm at Oldway Mansion, Paignton;
Tuesday, February 9, at 6.15pm at the Brixham Does Care Community Cafe.

Focus groups will last no longer than two hours. Call 01803 217385 to confirm
your place.

Drop-in sessions: Tuesday, February 23, from 10.30am to 3pm at the Torbay
Connect Caravan, Victoria Street, Paignton; Tuesday March  23, from 10.30am to
3pm at the Torbay Connect Caravan, Union Street, Torquay.

A leaflet is available which gives details of the options which are being
explored and includes a short questionnaire giving people a chance to comment on
the future of day services for older people.

The leaflet is available on torcom, the voluntary and community web portal for
Torbay, at http://www.torcom.org.uk. Follow the link from the home page.

Alternatively you can email consultation.TCT@nhs.net for more information.
General comments welcome.

Information is also available on the TCT website
http://www.torbaycaretrust.nhs.uk/Pages/TheFutureofDayCareServices.aspx

This consultation is open to anyone who has an interest in day care whether they
are a service user, carer, member of staff, stakeholder or someone aged over 50
and looking for a day service.  This consultation will close on the  April 18.

THE aim of the Sport for Change programme will be to understand more about how
sport can play a part in delivering positive change within the lives of
individuals and communities.

Comic Relief will welcome applications from community groups and organisations
using sport as part of a broader programme of work to bring about change at an
individual and /or community level.

Comic Relief is happy to receive applications from consortia of agencies as long
as there is a lead community-based organisation. Applicants will also need to:
demonstrate how they are using sport as part of a broader programme to achieve a
measurable social change or impact; show how the work is based on community
development principles; have monitoring and evaluation systems in place to track
the impact of the work.

The maximum grant  in this programme is £100,000 in total.

The deadlines for the letter of interest are for cycle three is  May 21. The
deadlines for subsequent cycles will be posted on the Comic Relief website
http://www.comicrelief.com/apply_for_a_grant/uk/sport

THE Society for the Assistance of Ladies in Reduced Circumstances has announced
it will be launching a new funding round in 2010.

The society, which was founded in 1886 and provides support to women resident in
the United Kingdom who are living alone in their own home (either owned or
rented) and in genuine need, irrespective of age or social status, will make
£50,000 available for grants to support the work of other organisations which
meet the objectives of the society.

Priority will be given to smaller projects where it can be demonstrated the
society's grant will make a real difference.

The society cannot consider projects which also benefit men; children; and women
who are not in financial need.

The trustees intend shortlisting applications at their meeting in April.

The closing date for applications is the March 26.

All applicants must complete the online application form at
http://www.salrc.org/guide_to_grants_for_orgs.htm

THE Countess of Munster Musical Trust has announced it is open to applications.

The trust provides financial assistance towards the musical education of
individual students and the trustees are prepared to consider applications from
young student singers, instrumentalists and composers of British or British
Commonwealth nationality.

The fund offers  a small number of interest free loans to former beneficiaries
who are on the threshold of their careers, to help with the purchase of musical
instruments.

They are also accepting applications through the Stephen Oliver award scheme, a
work, which has been or is in the process of being written for music theatre, to
assist with the cost of bringing it to performance.

Applicants should be able to demonstrate that performance is in prospect.

The deadline for applications is the  February 14.  Visit the website for more
information or to apply online http://www.munstertrust.org.uk/

DON'T let age, accident or disability stop you from enjoying your garden.

Start planning your way out of trouble, frustration and aching muscles.

Bring the soil to a height which suits you, get the right tools, eliminate weeds
by mulches or permeable fabric and congratulate yourself!

But 'That's going to cost money' I can hear you saying.  Well don't despair, the
Gardening for Disabled Trust may be able to help you.

The trust awards grants to individuals in the United Kingdom so they may
continue to garden, despite advancing illness, age or disability.

Eligible costs include: garden tools, raised beds, paving and greenhouses etc.

Applicants are required to become a member of the trust's garden club at a cost
of £5 per year for annual membership, or a one-off payment of £30 for a 10-year
membership.  Applications can be made at any time.

For more information contact the secretary, Gardening for Disabled Trust, PO Box
285. Tunbridge Wells. Kent. TN2 9JD or visit the website:
http://www.gardeningfordisabledtrust.org.uk

LOAD-DATE: January 23, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 75


                         Copyright 2010 Herald Express
                              All Rights Reserved


                              981 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       Charleston Gazette (West Virginia)

                           November 21, 2010, Sunday

Broadband grant redefined, Citynet says;
State officials disagree

BYLINE: Eric Eyre, Staff writer

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. P7B

LENGTH: 680 words


Citynet President Jim Martin alleges that state officials have redefined plans
for spending $126 million in federal stimulus funds set aside to expand
high-speed Internet in West Virginia, in a letter sent to federal officials last
week.

Martin said the state has "altered the purpose" of the $126 million grant and
admitted the stimulus funds won't bring broadband to 700,000 homes and 110,000
businesses.

State officials responded that they have changed nothing - and that the grant
was never designed to connect homes and businesses to the Internet.

At a state Broadband Deployment Council meeting last week, state Commerce
Secretary Kelley Goes said the broadband project would serve "critical access
facilities" - schools, health-care facilities, 911 dispatch centers, libraries,
and police and fire departments.

Martin called Goes' statement a "major redefinition" of how the state plans to
spend the stimulus funds.

"The truth is starting to come out," Martin said Friday.

In his letter to the National Telecommunications and Information Administration,
Martin said Goes' public statement is counter to "original representations" made
by state officials to the NTIA, a federal agency that oversees broadband
funding.

"The state now admits its plan is limited to government-based entities," Martin
wrote to the NTIA. "The state's program will do little, if anything, to increase
the availability of broadband in our state."

Goes - who is leaving state government to become director of Sen. Joe Manchin's
state office - and state Homeland Security chief Jimmy Gianato said last week
that the state never promised to make broadband available to 700,000 homes and
110,000 businesses. That's the total number of residences and businesses in West
Virginia - and all could potentially benefit from the project, they said.

"The NTIA is 100 percent aware that the state is not connecting 700,000 homes to
the Internet," Gianato said. "The state of West Virginia is not in the business
of providing residential broadband."

Instead, the project will benefit students who attend schools, patients who use
hospitals and community health centers, and people who call 911 during
emergencies, Gianato said.

"It will have an impact on virtually everyone in the state of West Virginia,"
Gianato said.

The state's grant application states, "The project intends to spur affordable
broadband service impacting more than 700,000 households, 110,000 businesses,
and 1,500 anchor institutions by allowing local Internet service providers to
connect to the project's open network."

Martin alleges that Frontier Communications, which is building the broadband
network with the stimulus funds, won't allow competitors to tie into the network
- or will make it unaffordable to do so.

"It's unfortunate that actions by these state bureaucrats have misled the NTIA,
as well as state and federal elected officials from West Virginia," Martin said.
"It is about time that these bureaucrats give the NTIA and the citizens of West
Virginia the straight account of what they're doing."

Gianato said Frontier has agreed to allow Citynet and other telecommunications
companies to tie into the federally funded network at a competitive price. The
companies must negotiate those usage rates with Frontier. In turn, the companies
could serve their own customers on the network.

"Open access is part of the rules," Gianato said. "This will give Citynet, and
all other providers, the opportunity to connect up to the network - built with
federal money - at competitive rates."

In September, Martin filed a formal protest and asked federal officials to
suspend the state's $126 million grant. Martin alleged that the state wasn't
using the stimulus funds as the grant intended. State officials responded that
they were following the terms of the grant to the letter.

The NTIA has yet to respond to Martin's protest.

"We want to keep them informed," Martin said, after sending the follow-up letter
to the agency on Friday. "Hopefully, this will encourage them to give us a
response."

Reach Eric Eyre at ericeyre@wvgazette.com or 304-348-4869.

LOAD-DATE: November 22, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2010 Charleston Newspapers


                              982 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          Columbus Telegram (Nebraska)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                              July 14, 2014 Monday

Another 'little library' to be installed

BYLINE: Julie Blum, Columbus Telegram, Neb.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 395 words


July 14--COLUMBUS -- Another Little Free Library will be added to the community.

Later this month, a second library will be placed at Central Nebraska Community
Services. The library resembles a mailbox and is filled with books. It is set up
as a book-sharing system to promote reading. People may take a book to read and
return it later or leave a book for others to enjoy.

"We have the box ready to go. We just need to set it up," said Denise Kollath,
program coordinator.

The first library was put in about a year ago by Heritage House, 2554 40th Ave.,
with a mini-grant given to Connect Columbus.

"The main thing we wanted to do was get people excited about reading," Kollath
said.

The library program is catching on across the nation with communities adding
boxes at different locations. The sites chosen for the libraries in Columbus are
based on the makeup of the neighborhood. The first is located in an area that
has a mix of young and old with apartments and a retirement community nearby.

Kollath said they wanted to add another library in an area with a high number of
children. CNCS, located at 3286 53rd Ave., has several children enrolled in
programs there, so it seemed like a good fit.

If she had her way, Kollath would like to see many more libraries popping up in
town. In some communities, people have made and installed a library in their own
yards. She suggests checking with the city for zoning regulations before going
that route.

The first library was made of all recycled materials and can fit 30-40 books.
The second is approximately the same size and has been hand painted by a
volunteer. Both were ordered from the Little Free Library organization.

The library uses the honor system. Kollath said there hasn't been any problems
with abuse or vandalism of the library.

It is difficult to gauge its usage, but Kollath said she has received positive
feedback about it and has stopped by to check on the library.

"You can tell when books are getting rotated. There are new ones in there," she
said.

A community book drive was held to fill up the first library. Donations can
still be made by dropping books off at Connect Columbus or Columbus Area United
Way offices in the Family Resource Center.

___ (c)2014 the Columbus Telegram (Columbus, Neb.) Visit the Columbus Telegram
(Columbus, Neb.) at www.columbustelegram.com Distributed by MCT Information
Services

LOAD-DATE: July 14, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20140714-CU-Another-little-library-to-be-installed-0714-20140714

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: CU


                        Copyright 2014 Columbus Telegram


                              983 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                         Portland Press Herald (Maine)

                             April 12, 2010 Monday
                                 Final Edition

Path fixes could be route to safety in East Bayside;
Federal and private funds will improve walking trails to enable police access
and more pedestrian use.

BYLINE: TOM BELL Staff Writer

SECTION: FRONT; Pg. A1

LENGTH: 495 words

DATELINE: PORTLAND


When police respond to calls in East Bayside, they face a major obstacle: the
legacy of 1960s urban planning.

Back then, planners broke up the area's street grid, created dead-end roads and
situated housing projects like Kennedy Park and Bayside Terrace on urban
islands, segregating them from other neighborhoods.

Now, when police are called to the area, they have to weave their cruisers along
several streets before reaching their destination. By then, any suspects have
long scattered.

''They are gone before I get there,'' said Gayle Petty, the senior lead police
officer for the East End.

The city plans to change all that this year.

It will widen two walking paths so police can drive cruisers on them and have
quick access to the area. It also plans to add outdoor lighting and landscaping
and remove a stockade fence that can provide a hiding place.

If the paths are safer, more people will use them, say city officials and
neighborhood leaders.

''It turns out to be really good to have a lot of pedestrian traffic,'' said
Belinda Ray of East Street, who works as a community organizer for the East
Bayside Neighborhood Organization. ''People are less likely to commit crime when
they are being watched.''

Portland is using $89,000 in federal Community Development Block Grant money to
improve the path between Fox Street and North Boyd Street. The city will also
extend the path west to connect with the Bayside Trail, now under construction.
Portland Trails will manage the construction project.

In addition, the city will widen the path between Fox Field and the adjacent
basketball court. That path connects Fox Street with Kennedy Park.

That project is being funded with $60,000 in Community Development Block Grant
money and matching funds from private donors, including the Portland Red Claws
basketball team and Walmart.

It will include new outdoor lighting, landscaping improvements around Fox Field
and improvements to the basketball court. The project will add lights to the
court and create two junior high school-size basketball courts.

Both projects are expected to be complete before November, said Penny St. Louis
Littell, director of the city's Planning and Urban Development Department.

The work is part of an approach to crime prevention that goes by a couple of
names: ''defensible space'' and ''crime prevention through environmental
design.''

Dave Rogers, a civil engineer from Seattle who toured East Bayside last week as
part of a planning project involving outside experts, said Portland is taking
the right steps.

Rogers said that planners and police agencies across the country have learned
since the 1960s that the conventional grid of city streets provides the best
level of safety by creating long sightlines and giving police quick access.

Now, he said, communities must spend money to reconnect streets that were
chopped up in the '60s. ''It is undoing what was done.''

Staff Writer Tom Bell can be contacted at 791-6369 or at:

tbell@pressherald.com

LOAD-DATE: April 12, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Gregory Rec/Staff Photographer
This path through the Kennedy Park neighborhood in Portland will be widened and
lighted to improve safety.
Gregory Rec/Staff Photographer
Gayle Petty, left, a senior lead officer with the Portland Police Department,
believes good urban design helps police to fight crime. With her is Richard
Goll, a planning expert who is advising the city, during a tour last month.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2010 Blethen Maine Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              984 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       Eureka Times Standard (California)

                              March 2, 2008 Sunday

Program lets people try out assistive devices

BYLINE: The Times-Standard

SECTION: LIFESTYLE

LENGTH: 301 words


EUREKA -- Tri-County Independent Living recently received a grant from the
California Assistive Technology Exchange that helps people with disabilities
sample different assistive devices in which they may have an interest.

The funding allowed the agency to purchase many assistive technology items and
make them available to check out, like a library.

Some of the items on hand include speech software, communications boards,
hearing amplification devices, bed-shaking clocks and more. The state-run
assistive technology exchange program also offers low-interest loans for those
who may want to purchase equipment, as well as a reutilization program to
connect people with previously owned devices.

Tri-County Independent Living was one of 10 community-based organizations in
California to receive a technology loan program grant through the exchange.

Tri-County is also currently seeking computer donations for another of its
assistive technology efforts: the Computers for People with Disabilities
Program. This program makes refurbished computers available to low-income
individuals with disabilities in the agencies service area of Humboldt, Trinity
and Del Norte counties. The program needs donations of Pentium 3 or 4 computers,
as well as monitors, mice, keyboards and printers.

In the more than four years that this program has been operating, it has
provided more than 500 computers to people with disabilities in the area. The
program enables recipients to get online and connect with services more easily,
especially in rural areas. It also helps low-income people with disabilities to
better communicate with family and friends, search for employment and more.

For more information about the Assistive Device Loan Program or the Computers
for People with Disabilities Program, call Tri-County 445-8404.

LOAD-DATE: March 2, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2008 Times - Standard
                              All Rights Reserved


                              985 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       San Jose Mercury News (California)

                            March 30, 2011 Wednesday

Transit upgrades slated for Daly City's underserved Bayshore neighborhood

BYLINE: By Neil Gonzales ngonzales@bayareanewsgroup.com

SECTION: BREAKING; Communities; News

LENGTH: 479 words


The isolated, working-class Bayshore neighborhood is in line for long-awaited
transit-related projects that would improve residents' connection with the rest
of Daly City.

The projects, which will cost about $836,000, would bring a new shuttle service,
a bus shelter and streetside upgrades to the underserved community in the
northeast corner of Daly City.

The City Council recently approved agreements with the San Mateo County Transit
District to move ahead with the projects, which are mostly funded by state
grants. But while the funding has been approved, the money has yet to flow down
to the projects.

The improvements have been talked about for several years, city official Joseph
Curran said. "But the funding has not been released. The money is coming from
sources beyond our control. It's state funding. It's approved, but we're waiting
for it. We're ready to go on our end."

It's unclear exactly what the holdup is, but the state's economic woes could be
a factor.

Representatives from the Metropolitan Transportation Commission and the
City/County Association of Governments of San Mateo County -- regional transit
agencies that are involved in the grant funding -- could not immediately be
reached for comment.

If and when the money comes through, Bayshore residents would be able to take
advantage of a free shuttle taking them to BART stations and other locations
with convenient links to major shopping, medical, social service and educational
destinations.

"Bayshore residents and seniors will now have the opportunity to connect with
the west side of Daly City for their shopping and medical appointments,"
Councilman David Canepa said. "Additionally, they will be able to connect to
BART for transit options, which allow them to move easily throughout the
region."

The neighborhood does have an existing shuttle, which runs midday during
weekdays. But it is primarily a service for which riders have to call in, and it
caters to seniors.

The new shuttle would run regularly during commuting hours and weekends and
serve the larger community. Its potential route would include Geneva Avenue at
Bayshore Boulevard, Alemany Boulevard, the Top of the Hill neighborhood and
Guadalupe Canyon Parkway.

The shuttle project would cost about $601,300 over three years, according to a
city agreement with SamTrans.

"It will help out tremendously," Theresa Gerigk, board president of the Bayshore
School District, said of an additional shuttle. "It will be a fantastic asset,
especially when we have a lot of elderly folks and moms who don't drive but need
to get their kids to the doctor."

The other project -- which involves Brisbane -- will cost about $234,700 for a
bus shelter along Bayshore Boulevard just south of Geneva Avenue as well as
curb, gutter and sidewalk improvements, according to a separate Daly City
agreement with SamTrans.

Contact Neil Gonzales at 650-348-4338.

LOAD-DATE: February 10, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2011 San Jose Mercury News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              986 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                High River Times

                           November 10, 2016 Thursday
                                 Final Edition

Residents gather to solve Mystery on Mainstreet

BYLINE: Kelci Nicodemus, High River Times

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A11

LENGTH: 729  words


The Our High River app was officially launched as of Oct. 24 and residents were
given the opportunity to participate in its testing phase by solving the Mystery
on Mainstreet on Nov. 5.

Although the event encouraged community connection through an interactive game,
this new app will be essential should an emergency occur within High River,
according to Carly Benson, director of emergency management for the Town of High
River.

After residents set out to solve the mystery, which was integral in finding a
missing Mayor Craig Snodgrass, Benson sat down with the Times and explained the
benefits of the app should an emergency occur. Celebrity guest Terry Grant, the
original Mantracker was onhand to administer clues.

"This is going to allow us to group people and coordinate to try and match skill
sets to what needs to be done, which is why the app has a profile setting ," she
said. "You can go in there, enter things that you are good at and interested in
and we can leverage those sorts of skills in an emergency or any time."

This app was a result of a partnership between Our High River, the Town of High
River, Field Innovation Team (FIT), RallyEngine and Public Services and
Procurement Canada (PSPC). A grant was supplied by PSPC, which funded the
project.

"The government of Canada has the Built in Canada Innovation Program (BCIP) and
this program helps businesses or companies that have innovations they want to
bring out into the market ," said Greg Yewchuk, western region emergency
management officer for PSPC.

"What the government does is they help them... to market their program, help
them deliver their product out to the community and basically see that it works
for everybody."

The grant aided the app's development financially, but also with the testing and
other work with app developers.

Although the community still has the High River Alert app, which will notify
residents should an emergency take place, this app will help volunteers and
community organizations connect quickly and easily, Benson explained.

"High River Alert is an emergency tool that we use and people who have access to
that app are the town, the fire department, the police department, anyone who
would be responsible for letting the public know there is something dangerous
going on and they need to pay attention ," she said. "(The Our High River) app
is all about connection and all about community so it's not in the hands of the
town or the fire department or the police department to manage those
relationships."

If an emergency happened, Benson said community groups can recruit volunteers
for projects relating to the emergency event.

"(They can) recruit volunteers to help repair their church building, or to help
create a fundraiser for some sort of community activity ," she said.

"It's taking the responsibility out of any one person's hands and giving the
whole community this tool to connect."

This initiative follows a mock disaster, which was held in 2015, Benson said.
The town partnered with FIT for the event, which is how the idea of an app
began.

"In 2015, we did the meteorite strike to see what are some great things that we
can do with volunteers ," she said. "As part of that initiative, that's how I
met Steve (Hardy) from RallyEngine and we got talking about how their amazing
innovation could actually be a tool we could use for this purpose."

The goal of the process will be to manage volunteers more efficiently during an
emergency, Benson added.

"One of the things we are tackling is 'how do we better use volunteers in an
emergency ?'," she said.

The app is designed in a way that, should cell service or connectivity go down,
information previously shared through the database will still be accessible,
said Steve Hardy, RallyEngine president. However, new information would not be
available to residents until a repair has been made, he added.

"Any information that has already been passed along to it, including any static
information like an emergency response plan, speaking points or policies, the
last refresh of that while you did have connectivity would be local to your app
," he said. "It would still be a reference guide."

As previously reported in the Times, residents and community organizations can
also use the app to find volunteer opportunities on a regular basis. The app is
now available to download through the Apple App Store and GooglePlay.

LOAD-DATE: November 10, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Kelci Nicodemus High River Times; Mystery on Mainstreet was held on
Nov. 5 in George Lane Memorial Park. Residents gathered clues in downtown High
River to solve the mystery with the help of Terry Grant, the original
Mantracker.;;  (See hardcopy for photo);;  (See hardcopy for photo);

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2016 High River Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                              987 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                           Lowell Sun (Massachusetts)

                            February 22, 2010 Monday

UMass Lowell in touch with cooperative experience

BYLINE: The Lowell Sun

SECTION: FOCUS FEATURE

LENGTH: 1155 words


By Elaine Donnelly, Joy Mosenfelder and Robert Forrant

Educators know that one way to improve student learning is to connect the
classroom to hands-on experiences solving authentic problems.

UMass Lowell is currently engaged in several exciting initiatives to increase
experiential learning and has plans to introduce co-operative education to the
campus. This service-learning, a growing part of higher education, has a
positive effect on student learning, college retention rates, and community
development.

According to Indiana University Professor Robert Bringle, "Faculty who use
service-learning discover that it brings new life to the classroom, enhances
performance in traditional measures of learning, increases student interest in
the subject, teaches new problem-solving skills and makes teaching more
enjoyable."

In 2009, the Corporation for National and Community Service awarded a "Learn and
Serve America" grant to the five UMass campuses to support a statewide effort to
increase student involvement in their communities. Competition for these grants
was fierce as only one in 10 proposed projects receives funding.

UMass won one of 36 grants awarded nationwide. Through the grant, UMass Lowell
students will have expanded opportunities to supplement their academic
experience by participating in such efforts as mentoring projects at local K-12
schools, pursuing alternative school breaks working in high-poverty
Massachusetts communities, receiving IRS training to help local families with
tax preparation, and assisting in worker-education programs.

The University's Francis College of Engineering is already on the cutting edge
of course-related community involvement with its Service Learning In the College
of Engineering (SLICE) program ( http://slice.uml.edu/ ). The college received a
$1 million three-year grant from the National Science Foundation in 2005 to
establish service-learning in every department in the college.

"UMass Lowell is the only engineering program with NSF funding that is doing
this through the entire college, not just a department," Engineering Dean John
Ting said. "In that respect, we lead the nation."

Service-learning efforts include the Assistive Technology program, which engages
senior engineering students in creating and modifying products for the disabled
and the Assistive Technology Design Fair, which does the same with high-school
students. The energy engineering program leads the Village Empowerment Project,
which has installed 60 student-designed solar, lighting and water supply systems
in 24 villages in Peru. Faculty-student groups, led by UMass Lowell Professor
John Duffy, have visited the area numerous times and worked closely with local
residents.

The School of Health and Environment has a course designed to serve as a
service-learning experience in the fall semester of students' senior year in
Health Education. Students participate in community health in Lowell for a
minimum of 40 hours. Students provide the community health organization with
their time, knowledge and effort, and gain tremendous experience in the
organization, development, implementation and/or evaluation of Community Health
Education and Promotion Projects.

Among other service-learning projects, Dave Turcotte, UMass Lowell adjunct
faculty member and senior program manager for the Center for Family, Work and
Community, teaches a graduate level course on sustainable housing, in which
students partner with an area-housing advocacy organization to help with their
research needs.

Diana Archibald, associate professor of English, directs a community-based
writing project in which her students work with organizations to help them with
their media needs.

Faculty members in community psychology infuse many of their courses with an
examination of community problems as do faculty in the Department of Regional
Economic and Social Development.

q q q

Working together with the community to improve student learning and regional
development we feel is central to the concept of public higher education.

But, despite the advantages of service-learning, it is not so easy for the
faculty and potential community partners to always make effective matches. But,
forming such connections is needed to engage students in projects that can
foster social development and job creation.

To quote UMass Lowell Professor William Lazonick: "Engagement with local
business enterprises and community organizations demands an academic structure
that both integrates the insights of the specialized disciplines into a broad
view of how the world works and has the 'absorptive capacity' to learn from our
interactions with 'real-world' actors." It is dialogue and reflection, the
centerpieces of service-learning, that make this happen.

By establishing co-operative education experiences and more service-learning
opportunities, a virtuous circle is established: UMass Lowell expands its
capacity to meet student educational needs and at the same time supports the
community. Residents of the Merrimack Valley then benefit from the university's
stated core values, which include supporting "the development of sustainable
technologies and communities." And, the university truly fulfills one of its
important missions to enhance the social and economic development of the
Merrimack Valley and beyond!

q q q

Service-learning opportunities are growing at UMass Lowell. The Learn and Serve
grant, coordinated by the Center for Family Work and Community (
www.uml.edu/centers/CFWC/ ) wants to connect even more professors and their
courses with the community in the coming months.

As we struggle through what sometimes seems like an endless "jobless recovery,"
the Merrimack Valley needs to muster its resources to restore opportunity. UMass
Lowell's collaborations with community-based organizations will help to form the
foundation for a better future for the institution, its students, and the
community.

While exciting progress is being made connecting UMass Lowell students and
faculty with the Greater Lowell community, there are untapped areas where
partnerships between campus and community would benefit both. The Learn and
Serve grant team and the university's Division of Arts, Humanities and Social
Sciences are going to provide seed funding for more nonprofit and faculty
collaborations.

To get the word out, a "Service Learning" summit is scheduled for Thursday at 8
a.m. in Alumni Hall on the university's north campus. This forum is designed to
make matches between the faculty and community partners so that exciting new
collaborations can emerge.

Community members who would like to attend the summit can contact Elaine
Donnelly at the Center for Family, Work and Community at Elaine_Donnelly@uml.edu
for more information.

Elaine Donnelly, Joy Mosenfelder and Professor Robert Forrant work at the UMass
Lowell Center for Family, Work and Community. Professor Forrant can be contacted
at Robert_Forrant@uml.edu .

LOAD-DATE: February 24, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2010 MediaNews Group, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              988 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                           Dalby Herald (Queensland)

                               November 25, 2016

Men's Shed making difference in Dalby

SECTION: Pg. 6

LENGTH: 192  words


IT HAS been a busy month for Dalby Men's Shed, with the group being recognised
for its quality contributions to the community and selected for funding from
both Darling Downs Cotton Growers Inc and the Federal Government.

The Federal Government grant is part of $400,000 in national funding which will
be distributed to 93 community Men's Sheds across Australia.

Men's Shed grants support the purchase of equipment, community projects,
training, building maintenance and development, and health improvement
activities.

"Men's Shed is a popular way for men to connect with their community "" whether
it's through a building project by sharing skills in woodworking or a first aid
workshop "" that's why I encourage our local blokes to give a shed a go,"
Maranoa MP David Littleproud said.

"Research suggests many men from the bush don't feel comfortable using
structured health and support services, so Men's Shed helps them connect with
local services to improve mental and general health as well as being involved in
the community."

The funds from DDCGInc were raised at the organisation's annual fundraising
dinner, which also donated $7000 to Lifeflight.

LOAD-DATE: November 24, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: TDH


                    Copyright 2016 APN Newspapers Pty. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              989 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                              June 27, 2016 Monday

Washington: $3.8 million awarded to local TechHire recipients

LENGTH: 994  words

DATELINE: New York



 Seattle: City of Seattle, The State of Washington has issued the following news
release:



   Today, Vice President Joe Biden and Department of Labor Secretary Perez
announced the release of $150 million in Department of Labor grants for 39
partnerships across the country, including a four-year, $3.8 million award for
the Seattle--King County TechHire program. TechHire is a multi-sector White
House initiative and call-to-action to empower Americans with the skills they
need through universities and community colleges, as well as nontraditional
approaches like "coding boot camps" and high-quality online courses that can
rapidly train workers for a good-paying job.





 Seattle is experiencing unprecedented growth, with over 63,000 new jobs created
in the last five years, primarily driven by a booming technology sector.
TechHire will create pathways for Seattle-area residents, and particularly those
with barriers to employment, to share in this growth.



 "We are delighted that our partners have received this award from the White
House, and with this additional support, we look forward to expanding their
great work with an eye towards a more equitable and innovative regional
economy," said Mayor Ed Murray.



 This grant award complements the City of Seattle's designation as a TechHire
community in March of this year, through which the City has committed to serving
up to 2,000 candidates by 2020, with a focus on women, people of color, and
formerly incarcerated individuals.  Seattle Central College submitted the
application for this award: "We are excited to promote our mission of providing
opportunities for academic achievement, workplace preparation, and service to
the community through primary partnerships with LaunchCode, the City of Seattle,
and the Workforce Development Council of Seattle-King County. Partners will
address supporting new tech talent in a market with supply deficit through
accelerated computer programming learning opportunities, registered
apprenticeships, and job placement services that result in strong employment
outcomes for nontraditional tech talent: people without the traditional
credentials to become employed in high-wage IT careers," explained Dr. Andrea
Samuels, Seattle Central's Interim Dean of Workforce Education. Area employers
such as EnergySavvy, Moz and Substantial also pledged their support, as did King
County. "Our region's economic boom is fueled by our thriving tech and
manufacturing industries, yet too many good-paying jobs are going unfilled,"
said King County Executive Dow Constantine. "These federal grants will help
local governments, businesses and educators work together to connect more people
to more opportunities in King County."



 In the past three months since Seattle's designation as a TechHire community,
the City of Seattle convened over 65 training providers, community
organizations, employers, and community members in support of the effort. "For
us, finding the right hires is about more than just having a computer science
degree. Instead, we're looking for a breadth of experiences to help us build
products for a breadth of clients. TechHire-affiliated programs are a vehicle
for widening the pipeline, meaning that the best and brightest can find their
way to our doorstep even without a traditional educational route," explained
Donte Parks, VP of Culture at digital product studio Substantial.  With a
long-standing commitment to inclusive hiring, Substantial is one of the original
sponsors of Ada Developers Academy, a tuition-free programming school for women
and TechHire partner.



 Ada graduate Amira Hailemariam describes the impact of this accelerated
training program.  A first generation US Citizen, the daughter of immigrants
from Belize and Ethiopia, 25-year-old Amira was recently able to move out of her
parents' home. "One year after applying to Ada Developer's Academy, I'm now a
Software Development Engineer at Amazon.com , and I recently moved into my
one-bedroom apartment. The best thing about participating in Ada Developer's
Academy is forever a part of a supportive, intelligent network of women."



 In addition to expanding the impact of Ada Developers Academy, this grant will
enable the local launch of Unloop, training for people who have been in prison,
Floodgate Academy, a developer operations training focused on underrepresented
communities, and LaunchCode, which connects students at no cost to companies
offering mentorship and training through paid apprenticeships. LaunchCode has
successfully launched and grown this model in four U.S. cities, achieving 90
percent placement rates and more than doubling salaries of participants. "Less
than three years ago, LaunchCode started as an experiment to see if companies
would take on talented job candidates typically overlooked by HR departments.
Four hundred apprenticeships later, we have shown our model works, and with
funding through Department of Labor TechHire grants, LaunchCode will be able to
expand to Seattle and help more people reach their potential through education,
apprenticeships, and jobs in technology," said LaunchCode Executive Director
Brendan Lind.



 The City of Seattle was also pleased to provide support for Everett Community
College's grant application, which received a $3.8 million funding award as part
of the Department of Labor grant. Through the "MechaWA Partnership Project",
Everett Community College and the Center of Excellence for Aerospace and
Advanced Manufacturing will partner with Boeing and the City of Seattle to
introduce currently unemployed young adults to opportunities in the Aerospace
industry.



 "Today's grant awards represent a tremendous opportunity for our City and
region to bolster employment in our key sectors, and improve access to
life-changing career opportunities for our residents," said Murray.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:  editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: June 28, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              990 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               India Retail News

                      October 2, 2012 Tuesday 6:30 AM EST

Annie's Grows Its 'Gardens of Goodness' Initiative with Support of FoodCorps
Fellows

LENGTH: 618  words


New Delhi, Oct. 2 -- As part of its continuing work to connect children and
families with real food, Annie's today announced its support and sponsorship of
the 2012/2013 class of FoodCorps Fellows, 12 standout FoodCorps alumni embarking
on a second year of service.



Throughout the school year, FoodCorps Fellows will support, guide and mentor
FoodCorps Service Members in each state the organization serves (Arizona,
Arkansas, Connecticut, Iowa, Maine, Massachusetts, Michigan, Mississippi,
Montana, New Mexico, North Carolina and Oregon). The Fellows will also
coordinate projects and cultivate relationships with local partners, media and
the community at large.

"For decades, Annie's has been dedicated to programs that provide access to and
education about real food," said Sarah Bird, Chief Mom Officer for Annie's. "As
an extension of this commitment, Annie's is very proud to support FoodCorps, a
pioneering, like-minded organization fostering truly meaningful and lasting
relationships between kids and healthy food."

As a seed funder and anchor sponsor of FoodCorps' first crop of Fellows, Annie's
is helping FoodCorps make a significant impact on childhood obesity and food
insecurity, as well as making possible:

* Garden-enhanced nutrition education in schools;

* Building and tending to gardens that serve as tools for engaging children to
become more adventurous eaters, and for engaging parents and community members
to become advocates for healthier school lunch;

* Greater access to healthy food for kids and families both inside and outside
the school environment; and

* Stronger communities through the recruitment, training and placement of
community volunteers committed to long-term sustainability of the healthy food
environments Annie's and FoodCorps help create.

"FoodCorps is grateful for Annie's commitment to growing food leaders and
healthy kids," said Debra Eschmeyer, FoodCorps Co-Founder and Director of
Partnerships and Policy. "Give children nutrition education in the classroom,
hands-on learning through school gardens, and nourishing food in the cafeteria,
and a lifetime of healthy eating can take root."

Gardens of Goodness - Sowing Support for Sustainable Food in Schools

Support for FoodCorps is just one of Annie's "Gardens of Goodness" initiatives,
programs that support school gardens and sustainable agriculture.

Additional Gardens of Goodness efforts include:

* Grants for Gardens: Grants of up to $1,500 twice a year to schools interested
in starting and sustaining school gardens. Online Grants for Gardens
applications will be available October 1 at www.Annies.com/school-gardens.

* Sustainable Agriculture Scholarships: $100,000 in scholarships awarded each
year to selected college and graduate students studying sustainable agriculture.
Applications for Sustainable Agriculture Scholarships are available at
www.Annies.com/our-practices/agricultural-scholarships/.

* Annie's Garden Resource: A free, downloadable "how to" guide for five school
garden types (e.g., windowsill, vertical, raised bed & container, tunnel &
greenhouse, and large-scale gardens), developed in partnership with the Center
for Ecoliteracy. This guide and additional Gardens of Goodness resources from
school garden experts such as Farm to School are available at
www.Annies.com/school-gardens.

About FoodCorps

FoodCorps is a nationwide team of leaders that connects kids to real food and
helps them grow up healthy. FoodCorps places these leaders in limited-resource
communities for a year of public service where they conduct hands-on food
education, build and tend school gardens, and facilitate getting high-quality
local ingredients into school meals. For more information, visit
www.foodcorps.org.

LOAD-DATE: October 3, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


                           Copyright 2012 Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              991 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                     The Columbian (Vancouver, Washington)

                           September 21, 2008 Sunday

Murdock trust donates $179,000 to Free Clinic

BYLINE: SCOTT HEWITT, Columbian staff writer

SECTION: CLARK COUNTY; Pg. C1

LENGTH: 506 words


Specialty medical services can be extremely expensive - and priced out of reach
for people with no health insurance.
That's why the M.J. Murdock Charitable Trust has awarded $179,000 to the Free
Clinic of Southwest Washington to help connect needy people with local
hospitals and specialty physicians.

Project Access Clark County began as a pilot program at the Free Clinic in
March. It's based on a model that's been implemented in dozens of communities
across the nation. Clark County was the fifth county in Washington to try it.
Now, the Murdock grant will allow the Free Clinic to hire more staff dedicated
to linking people who need specialty care with doctors and hospitals that have
agreed to donate services.
"The money will go toward bringing our part-time program manager up to
full-time status," said clinic development director Shirley Gross.
"We have one patient care coordinator and we'll be able to hire another one. As
our patient caseload increases we'll need more caseworkers to manage that."
The grant also will pay for a new computer and software as well as ancillary
services including lab work and language translation.
Any physician, whether at a free clinic or in private practice, can refer a
patient to Project Access Clark County, or PACC. The patient will get a call
from a PACC care coordinator for eligibility screening and enrollment. After
that, the coordinator handles all specialty referrals and access to pharmacy
and lab services.
Patients are never billed, but services are tracked to quantify their value.
"These are not emergency situations but medical issues that have to be
scheduled," said Gross. "A perfect example is a construction worker who has a
hernia and needs an operation. He can't get work, he can't afford the surgery,
he can't do much until he gets that fixed."
PACC can also connect people with the government support they need when they've
been diagnosed with cancer or other serious illnesses, she said.
"That's extremely expensive," she said. "We'll get them started in the
process."
The Free Clinic aims to connect 258 patients with PACC services by the end of
2008 and 1,000 by the end of 2009. Ultimately, PACC aims to significantly
reduce needless emergency department and hospital visits.
To learn more, visit
www.projectaccessnow.org/clark.html
 .
The $179,000 grant is spread across three years; the clinic will have to find
matching funds in years two and three, Gross said.
The Free Clinic, housed at the Jim Parsley Community Center, served more than
15,000 people last year. More than 550 medical, dental and other volunteers
donate their time. Services include basic and urgent health care, dental care,
screenings, immunizations, medications and emergency prescription assistance,
head lice treatments, school sports physicals and vision care.
The Murdock Charitable Trust, based in Vancouver, was created in 1975. Its
mission is to improve the quality of life in the Pacific Northwest. It gave
away $35 million in 2007.


Scott Hewitt: 360-735-4529 or

scott.hewitt@columbian.com
  .


LOAD-DATE: September 25, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2008 The Columbian Publishing Co.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              992 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                  Times Colonist (Victoria, British Columbia)

                            March 29, 2017 Wednesday
                                 Final Edition

Gulf Islands get Internet boost

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. B1

LENGTH: 255 words


The Gulf Islands are about to get a better connection to the world with $253,500
in funding to improve Internet speeds.

The province has partnered with Beacon Wireless on a project that should improve
the connectivity of about 1,000 households on the islands.

Beacon Wireless will construct four radio tower sites to connect unserved areas
of Gulf Island communities and improve connection speeds for areas with existing
coverage. The towers will be shared with emergency services to improve safety,
and complement other improvements being made by Internet service providers in
the region.

"There is a direct relationship between connectivity and a strong economy. Our
$126,750 contribution will help Gulf Island businesses better compete, enable
residents to connect with the world and provide opportunities for students to
access online education," said Todd Stone, B.C. minister of transportation and
infrastructure.

Parts of Gabriola Island, James Island, Moresby Island, Pender Island, Penelakut
Island, Sidney Island, Thetis Island, and Valdes Island will benefit from the
investment, as will the smaller islands Coal Island, De Courcy Island, Gooch
Island, Hudson Island, Piers Island, Ruxton Island, the Secretary Islands and
Wallace Island.

Provincial funding comes from Connecting British Columbia, a $50-million grant
program created to support new and upgraded backbone and last-mile
infrastructure projects in rural and remote communities. So far, the program has
provided $10 million to about 25 projects around the province.

LOAD-DATE: March 29, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2017 Times Colonist
                              All Rights Reserved


                              993 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               The Baltimore Sun

                           October 19, 2016 Wednesday
                                 4Star Edition

Federal grant will help Gilmor Homes residents get and keep jobs

BYLINE: Carrie Wells

SECTION: MAIN NEWS; A; Pg. 4

LENGTH: 373  words


1

Dana Cowan lived in the Gilmor Homes public housing community in 1999, working a
job with irregular hours that didn't pay enough to support her two children.

Through Jobs Plus, a federally funded program that helps connect residents with
employment, education and financial literacy, she got a job with the Housing
Authority of Baltimore City. She and other residents in the program were also
offered work clothing if they didn't have it.

Seventeen years later, she still works at the housing authority as a Section 8
inspector, and the program helped her get her GED, her driver's license, her
first car and a new apartment.

"I love my job," said Cowan, 46. "At the time I had two small ones, so I was
trying to get better employment. I was able to obtain a better-paying job and
I've made a career out of my job."

On Tuesday, the housing authority announced it had won another Jobs Plus program
grant of $2.5 million from the U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development.
The program again will help connect residents of Gilmor Homes, which is in one
of the poorest areas of Baltimore, with jobs and help them obtain more
education.

The public housing also is near where police apprehended Freddie Gray whose
death after a spinal cord injury suffered in police custody later sparked
rioting last year.

Baltimore Mayor Stephanie Rawlings-Blake said the neighborhood's crime rates,
low education rates and lack of quality affordable housing made it a prime
candidate for such a grant.

"The thing that I am so grateful for is that time after time we learn from
what's worked, we learn from what hasn't worked and we build a better system.
And I think Jobs Plus is a great example of that," Rawlings-Blake said. "This a
holistic approach to ensuring that we are creating positive pathways for people
in this community to achieve the sustainable and sustaining jobs that they want
for themselves and their families."

Linda Moyd, the Gilmor Tenant Council president, said the program will help
residents "change their lives, to move from just getting a job to making a
career. There's a big difference. So this grant truly means a lot for the
residents of Gilmor Homes. Making a difference in peoples' lives is just
awesome."

cwells@baltsun.com

LOAD-DATE: October 19, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2016 The Baltimore Sun Company
                              All Rights Reserved


                              994 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            October 6, 2015 Tuesday

Washington: U.S. Department of Commerce Invests More than $4 Million to Provide
Access to Industrial Areas and Create Jobs in Indiana and Ohio

LENGTH: 339 words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Washington: U.S Economic Development Administration has issued the following
news release:



 U.S. Secretary of Commerce Penny Pritzker today announced that the Department's
Economic Development Administration (EDA) is awarding investments totaling more
than $4 million to the city of Gary, Indiana, and to the Village of Pioneer,
Ohio to upgrade roadways in order to connect the highways to industrial areas in
both regions. According to the grantees, these projects combined will create
more than 2,600 jobs, save 100 jobs, and generate $166 million in private
investment.





 &ldquo;The EDA investments announced today will connect industry to crucial
transportation channels allowing businesses to grow and create jobs for the Gary
and Pioneer communities,&rdquo; said Secretary Pritzker.



     $3 million to the City of Gary, Indiana to design and construct new lanes
along the Buffington Harbor Access road, which will provide direct access from
the industrial area to the highway. According to the grantee, once completed,
the improved access will greatly enhance the safety and efficiency for motorists
and trucking operations and will greatly improve the access and
interconnectivity between established industries, and the interstate highway
system as well as enable future development. Gary is designated as a Strong
Cities, Strong Communities (SC2) community, and this project is phase 1 of an
SC2 development plan for the city.

     $1 million grant to the Village of Pioneer, Ohio to construct an industrial
connector, creating two road segments that will result in more a more efficient
and effective connection between the Villages industrial area and the highway.
The construction will include storm water, curb and gutter, water and waste
water improvements. This project will also open up significant property for
industrial development, including enabling one employer to bring operations to
the region from Canada.





 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:

 editorial@plusme.com

LOAD-DATE: October 8, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              995 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                              Chicago Daily Herald

                             March 16, 2004 Tuesday
                             L1 Edition; L3 Edition

Ela Township's Cultural Arts Connection receives state grant

BYLINE: Madhu Krishnamurthy, Daily Herald Staff Writer

SECTION: NEIGHBOR; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 314 words


Cultural Arts Connection, a not-for-profit agency serving Ela Township, has
launched a Web site with a nearly $6,000 grant from the Illinois Arts Council.

The site can be accessed at www.culturalartsconnection.org.

It provides information on the agency's new programs and services, cultural
happenings and opportunities in the arts.

"The Web site is a way for the community to connect and better communicate
cultural opportunities," said Barbara Evans, agency executive director.

"We hope that it will be seen as a resource and a conduit for planning events."

Evans said she has received a positive response from local artists, businesses
and residents about the Web site.

"There is so much that people don't realize what we do and hopefully it will
better communicate what we do," Evans said.

The site can be used to publicize cultural events.

Event presenters are encouraged to list communitywide happenings in the cultural
calendar.

The arts guide feature on the Web site provides a way for artists and businesses
seeking to support artists to publicize their service.

It can also be used by event presenters and residents to find talent in music,
dance, theater and fine arts.

Other site features include the Advocate program, which connects volunteers to
organizations hosting events in the community.

E-Arts is an e-mail notification service for people who sign up to receive
alerts about upcoming events.

The agency will be doing mailings to local artists, businesses that support the
arts, and residents.

The goal of the Cultural Arts Connection is to promote cultural, social,
educational, and economic growth in the Ela Township area.

The agency is in the process of nominating board members. Its annual meeting
will be held in May. Meetings are at 9:30 a.m. on the first Wednesday of every
month at Ela Area Public Library, 275 Mohawk Trail in Lake Zurich.

For information, call (847) 540-1919.

LOAD-DATE: March 16, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2004 Paddock Publications, Inc.


                              996 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                        The Atlanta Journal-Constitution

                      April 1, 2004 Thursday Home Edition

Blanks' foundation refocuses

BYLINE: MARIA SAPORTA

SOURCE: AJC

SECTION: Business; Pg. 2E

LENGTH: 782 words


The Arthur M. Blank Family Foundation is pledging to contribute at least $100
million over the next five years on quality-of-life initiatives and on providing
opportunities for children and youth.

Arthur Blank, a founder of Home Depot who now owns the Atlanta Falcons, has
emerged as one of Atlanta's top philanthropists. Since his family foundation was
established in 1995, it has awarded $128 million.

The foundation's new pledge shows that giving will not only continue but occur
at a more intense pace.

Over the past year, the Blank Foundation has conducted a strategic review of its
goals by getting feedback from community leaders and grantees.

The result is that the foundation will still focus on the needs of children, the
acquisition of green space in the city of Atlanta, and the support of the arts
and cultural institutions.

But its process will change. It will no longer accept unsolicited grant
requests. Instead, the foundation will invite identified partners to receive
grants around its initiatives. The foundation's staff also will go beyond
funding specific programs. It will seek to convene people and organizations
around those initiatives and communicate findings to the larger community ---
hoping to spark civic action and community involvement.

The foundation's new president comes onboard next week. Penelope "Penny" McPhee
joins the foundation from the John S. and James L. Knight Foundation in Miami.
The Blank Foundation also is moving into its new offices next week, in a
building on Howell Mill Road.

Spirit eager to connect

The new owners of the Atlanta Hawks and Atlanta Thrashers also hope to build
strong community ties. The name of the ownership group --- Atlanta Spirit ---
hopes to capture a strong connection between the teams and the metro community.

One of the owners, Rutherford Seydel, said after the Spirit's press conference
Wednesday that the partners plan to continue existing philanthropic endeavors as
well as explore other potential relationships.

"It will be fun and interesting to see how we evolve," said Seydel, who has been
helping connect the out-of-town owners with some of his favorite causes ---
Upper Chattahoochee Riverkeeper and Earth Share.

In many ways, Seydel and fellow Atlanta partner Michael Gearon Jr. have been
like the host families for the owners who live in Washington and the Boston
area.

"I feel like I have a new extended family," said Laura Turner Seydel, who
brought their children to the press conference.

Girl Scouts' campaign successful

Often, charitable organizations for girls and women don't get the same respect
as those for boys and men.

But that may be beginning to change. The Girl Scout Council of Northwest Georgia
has successfully completed its $13.5 million capital campaign --- not only the
largest in its history by far, but the largest campaign in Girl Scout history
nationally.

The Northwest Georgia council is the sixth-largest among 316 nationwide, serving
more than 34,000 girls in the 20-county metro area. The new funds have enabled
the council to purchase its fifth camp --- Camp Meriwether, which is 270 acres.

Harriet Paulk Hessam, CEO of the council, said she's encouraged that more
companies and donors are becoming sensitive to the need to give as much to girls
organizations as they do to boys organizations.

The campaign was co-chaired by Ann Hooper, vice president of finance at Lathem
Time Co., and Rick Armstrong, a retired Wachovia executive. Three emeritus board
members connected to the Girl Scouts for more than 50 years gave a total of $1.8
million to the campaign. The largest donor was the Joseph B. Whitehead
Foundation (part of the Robert W. Woodruff family of foundations), which gave $2
million.

Hills honored by friends

A grand salute this week to honor Jesse and Azira Hill, whose business and civic
leadership have spanned decades, brought out Atlanta leaders from all
generations who have been touched by the couple.

The dinner was co-sponsored by former Atlanta Mayor Andrew Young and John
Portman, the city's influential architect and developer. It benefited Jesse
Hill's alma mater, Lincoln University in Missouri, and Azira Hill's personal
favorite --- the Atlanta Symphony Orchestra's Talent Development Scholarship
Fund named in her honor.

A touching moment was when renowned civil rights attorney Donald Hollowell, 86,
gingerly walked to the microphone to recall his association with the former
executive of Atlanta Life. "If you knew Jesse Hill in the early days, most
people could not keep up with him as he was walking," Hollowell said. "He had
things to do."

msaporta@ajc.com

LOAD-DATE: April 1, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Column

                Copyright 2004 The Atlanta Journal-Constitution


                              997 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                       Public Opinion (Chambersburg, PA)

                            February 15, 2002 Friday

t FRANKLIN COUNTY

BYLINE: J.C. North, Staff

SECTION: LOCAL; Pg. 3A

LENGTH: 578 words


Block grants will fund infrastructure

County divides state money among 3 water systems, building improvements

By J.C. NORTH

Staff writer

Franklin County's $484,510 block grant will be used to help people pay their
sewer tap and hook-up fees, to improve a water system and to install an elevator
in a fire hall so the library can move in.

Commissioners on Thursday approved four applications for the county's 2002 state
Community Development Block Grant. Commissioners received 12 requests for a
share of the money, twice as many as they usually get and asking for twice as
much money as the county will get this year.

The county's choices, said Commission Chairman Warren Elliott, were an
investment in the infrastructures, such as water and sewer, in small towns -
making them a good place to live and where people want to live.

"Priorities are long-term projects that help people and the environment and
organizations willing to work together to make a community better," Elliott
said.

Grant recipients were:

Metal Township Municipal Authority - $175,000, Fannettsburg sewer system tap fee
and hook-up subsidy for low-income home owners.

Indian Lake Camp Corporation - $100,000, water system upgrades for Fannettsburg.

St. Thomas Township Fire and Rescue - $100,000, install an elevator to make
second floor handicap accessible for Franklin County Head Start and the St.
Thomas Library.

St. Thomas Municipal Authority - $42,000, Edenville sewer system tap fee and
hook-up subsidy for low-income home owners.

The recipients meet the community development plan objectives: projects that
direct system improvements and development toward existing communities; address
sewer and water needs on a regional basis; affordable housing projects; and
remove architectural barriers that improve handicap access to public buildings.

About 70% of the 145 potential users of the Fannettsburg sewer are
low-to-moderate income. The grant will reduce the estimated monthly user fee of
$45 to $37 or less a month. The hook-up fee is expected to be $1,500 - $1,000
less because of the grant money.

The elevator will enable the library to move out of its cramped quarters in the
basement of a church built in the 1800s and Head Start to become a long-term
tenant at the fire hall.

"We wouldn't be able to do this if not for the grant," said Fire Chief Richard
Roche.

The $1.8 million sewer system in Edenville will serve about 175 homes and
businesses, each paying $1,000 to connect to the system and about $40 a month
for the service.

The grant will go to help impoverished families connect to the sewer.

The money should be available in the summer.

----------

J.C. North can be reached at 262-4753 or jcnorth@mail.pubop.com.

Other applicants

Several groups applied for, but did not receive a share of Franklin County's
$484,510 block grants:

Mont Alto Municipal Authority - $200,000, water system upgrades.

Financial Counseling - $43,000, housing assistance.

Quincy Township - $60,000, road improvements.

Waynesboro New Hope Shelter - $5,400, building renovations.

Franklin County Head Start - $14,080, safety harnesses for buses.

Franklin County Human Services Development - $45,000, vans for in-home services.

Chambersburg Hispanic American Center - $80,000, staff and expansion costs.

Amberson Community Center - $13,597, handicapped accessible rest rooms.

LOAD-DATE: May 16, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                Copyright 2002 Public Opinion (Chambersburg, PA)
                              All Rights Reserved


                              998 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                           Red Deer Express (Alberta)

                          February 10, 2010 Wednesday
                                 Final Edition

City and the Region

BYLINE: Mark Weber, Special to Red Deer Express

SECTION: NEWS; City and the Region; Pg. 21

LENGTH: 490  words


DOWNTOWN BUSINESS ASSOCIATION ROLLS PROGRAM

The DBA is presenting a series of luncheon workshops for small to medium sized
businesses. The first in the series to be held on Feb. 24 is Bridging The Gap -
Recruitment and Retention in a Multigenerational Workforce.

This humourous and engaging presentation will examine the characteristics of
different demographics and explore the challenges of attracting and retaining
workers in a multigenerational workforce.

On March 17, 4 Steps To Connect, Commit and Engage will provide useful ideas on
how to better connect and get results from interaction with peers, within groups
or teams and with customers.

Citizens will learn to improve connections, commitment and engagement at work.

The final workshop in the series on April 21 is Networking From The Inside Out.
The luncheon workshops will run from 11:30am to 1:30pm at the Red Deer Lodge.
Cost is $25 for BRZ ratepayers and $30 for all others. To register, call the DBA
office at 403-340-8696.

REVIEW PROPERTY ASSESSMENT NOTICES

Property owners who did not receive their 2010 Property Assessment Notice should
contact the City of Red Deer.

Information on a Property Assessment Notice is used to calculate 2010 property
taxes. Tax bills are not disputable so it is important to carefully review your
assessment before March 15 - the appeal deadline.

Property owners who did not receive their Property Assessment Notice can call
Assessment & Taxation Services at 403-342-8126 or come into the Assessment &
Taxation Services office on the fourth floor of City Hall at 4914 48 Avenue. For
more information about property assessments and taxes visit www.reddeer.ca/tax.

CITY INVITES PROPOSALS TO ADDRESS HOMELESSNESS

The City of Red Deer has posted a request for letters of intent for operational
grants that address homelessness at www.reddeer.ca/socialplanning.

Funds to support this request are coming from the Government of Canada
Homelessness Partnering Strategy Fund and the Province of Alberta's Outreach and
Support Services Grant.

The Community Housing Advisory Board (CHAB) is supporting the goals and targets
outlined in EveryOne's Home: 5 Year Community Plan ~ Towards Ending Homelessness
in Red Deer. The City will implement a two-phased process for all proposals.

First, applicants will submit their letters of intent for operational grants.
Next, applicants may be invited to submit a full proposal to CHAB; invitations
for proposals will be based on the available resources, greatest demonstrated
need, financial viability and project design.

The deadline for letters of intent is Thursday, February 25.

Applications for the letters of intent should build upon the strategies outlined
in EveryOne's Home: 5 Year Plan Community Plan ~Towards Ending Homelessness in
Red Deer. The document may be viewed at www.rddcf.ca under "Community Leadership
- Ending Homelessness Initiative."

For more information, contact Roxana Nielsen Stewart at 403-309-8592.

LOAD-DATE: February 10, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Column

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2010 Red Deer Express
                              All Rights Reserved
